Recalibrate your deflector to emit an anti-tachyon pulse. You have to seal that rift. JANEWAY It's usually considered polite to introduce yourself before you start giving orders. Close the rift. In case you didn't notice, I outrank you, Captain. Now do it. (Voyager closes the rift, stopping the Klingon.) It's good to be back. (Tuvok and Chakotay are also there.) [Ready room] Fresh coffee. No, I gave it up years ago. I only drink tea now. I told the curator at the museum that if he wanted to make the ready room more authentic, he should always keep a steaming pot of coffee on the desk. Voyager is a museum, on the grounds of the Presidio. On a clear morning, you can see Alcatraz from here. Unfortunately, our favourite cup took a bit of a beating along the way. It was damaged during a battle with the Fen Domar. You'll run into them in a few years. Oh, the almighty Temporal Prime Directive. Take my advice. It's less of a headache if you just ignore it. A lot's happened to me since I was you. All right. Let's talk about the past. Three days ago, you detected elevated neutrino emissions in a nebula in grid nine eight six. You thought it might be a way home. You were right. I've come to tell you to take Voyager back to that nebula. I've brought technology that'll get us past them. Oh, I don't blame you for being sceptical. But if you can't trust yourself, who can you trust? So, why would you want to tamper with such a rosy timeline? To answer that, I'd have to tell you more than you want to know. But suffice it to say, if you don't do what I'm suggesting, it's going to take you another sixteen years to get this ship home, and there are going to be casualties along the way. I know exactly what you're thinking. I used to be you, remember? You're asking yourself, is she really who she says she is, or is this some sort of deception? For all you know, I could be a member of species 8472 in disguise. Have your people examine my shuttle. Tell them to take a close look at the weapons systems and the armour technology. In the meantime, the Doctor can confirm my identity. [Sickbay] Of course it does. You invented it. Twelve years ago, from my perspective. What, that I was eavesdropping? I may be old, but my hearing's still excellent, thanks to your exemplary care over the years. It's a synaptic transceiver. It allows me to pilot a vessel equipped with a neural interface. Hello, Seven. Well, Captain? It doesn't matter. She's not going to be able to make good on her threat. You would if you'd had as much experience with the Queen as I have. There's no guarantee they won't try to assimilate Voyager even if we don't go back into the nebula. I'm not saying the Borg aren't dangerous, but from my perspective, they're thirty years behind the times. Luck's not going to have anything to do with it. I know, you don't want to hear too much about the future, but let's just say I ran into the Borg a few more times before I made it home. If I hadn't developed technology and tactics that could defeat them, I wouldn't be standing here today. They're looking for ways to adapt. Mister Paris, alter course to enter the aperture at coordinates three four six by four two. The road home. I'll answer all your questions once we're back in the Alpha Quadrant. I gave you an order, Lieutenant. Proceed to the aperture. This is a waste of time. The shielding for those manifolds is regulated from the central nexus by the Queen herself. You might be able to damage one of them, maybe two. But by the time you moved onto the third, she'd adapt. From where, inside the hub? Voyager would be crushed like a bug. This hub is here. There's nothing in the Alpha Quadrant but exit apertures. While you're all standing around dreaming up fantasy tactical scenarios, the Queen is studying her scans of our armour and weapons. And she's probably got the entire Collective working on a way to counter them. So take the ship back into that nebula and go home before it's too late. Because I remember how stubborn and self-righteous I used to be. I figured you might try to do something stupid. I didn't spend the last ten years looking for a way to get this crew home earlier, so you could throw it all away on some intergalactic goodwill mission. Why, so you can have me sedated? Am I the only one experiencing déjà vu here? Seven years ago you had the chance to use the Caretaker's array to get Voyager home. Instead, you destroyed it. You chose to put the lives of strangers ahead of the lives of your crew. You can't make the same mistake again. Seven of Nine is going to die. Three years from now. She'll be injured on an away mission. She'll make it back to Voyager, and die in the arms of her husband. Chakotay. He'll never be the same after Seven's death, and neither will you. Seven isn't the only one. Between this day and the day I got Voyager home, I lost twenty two crew members. And then of course there's Tuvok. You're forgetting the Temporal Prime Directive, Captain. Fine. Tuvok has a degenerative neurological condition that he hasn't told you about. There's a cure in the Alpha Quadrant, but if he doesn't get it in time (The implication is left unsaid.) Even if you alter Voyager's route, limit your contact with alien species, you're going to lose people. But I'm offering you a chance to get all of them home safe and sound today. Are you really going to walk away from that? [Ready room] I'm not asking you to. I simply want you to tell her that in your opinion, destroying the hub is too risky, the cost too high. Even if it means avoiding the consequences I mentioned? I have known you for a long time, Seven. Longer than you've known yourself. You are thinking that collapsing the network is an opportunity to atone for atrocities you participated in while you were a drone. It's time to let go of the past and start thinking about your future. You're being selfish. Strangers in a hypothetical scenario. I'm talking about real life. Your colleagues, your friends, people who love you. Imagine the impact your death would have on them.  Coffee, black. I've decided to revive a few of my old habits. Oh, well. I used to be much more idealistic. I took a lot of risks. I've been so determined to get this crew home for so many years that I think I forgot how much they loved being together, and how loyal they were to you. It's taken me a few days to realise it. This is your ship, your crew. Not mine. I was wrong to lie to you, To think I could talk you out of something you'd set your mind to. Well, you've changed my mind about that. And I'd like to help you carry out your mission. Maybe together we can increase our odds. We can't destroy the hub and get Voyager home. There might be a way. I considered it once, but it seemed too risky. I don't know why I ever gave this up. [Admiral Janeway's shuttle] (Janeway enters.)  It's about time. I'm not getting any younger, you know. No, but Voyager isn't big enough for both of us. (Janeway uses a hypo on her older self.) You, too. Captain. I'm glad I got to know you again. (Janeway leaves. The Admiral flies her shuttle into the nebula, and into the transwarp hub.) [Astrometrics lab] I don't know how you do it. All those voices talking at once. You must get terrible headaches. If you're calling drones to assimilate me, don't bother. I'm not actually here, your Majesty. I'm in your mind. I'm [Admiral Janeway's shuttle]  Using a synaptic interface. If I were you, I wouldn't waste my time trying to trace the signal. (It is the interface from Alice.) [Borg Queen's chamber]  For the moment, it's beyond your abilities. To make a deal. Captain Janeway thinks I'm here to help her destroy your transwarp network. Oh, I know that. And I tried to explain it to my naive, younger self, but she wouldn't listen. She's determined to bring down that hub. Yes, but she has weapons that I brought from the future. I believe you're familiar with them. Eventually. But not before Voyager does a great deal of damage. I'm willing to tell you how to adapt to those weapons now. Send a Cube to tractor Voyager and drag them back to the Alpha Quadrant. Not betray them, save them from themselves. I brought technology to help Voyager get home. But the captain's arrogant, self-righteous, and her officers are so blinded by loyalty that they're prepared to sacrifice their lives just to deal a crippling blow to the Borg. I've become a pragmatist in my old age. All I want is to get that crew back to their families. What do you want? I told you, I'll show you how to adapt to their torpedoes. If I let you assimilate technology from the future, there's no telling how events would be altered. Oh yes, but there's a difference. All right. I'll give you the shuttle. After Voyager arrives safely in the Alpha Quadrant. I guess you'll just have to trust me.  Computer, deactivate the interface. Deploy armour. [Borg Queen's chamber] (Admiral Janeway is beamed in.) Must be something you assimilated. I thought we didn't need words to understand each other. Just enough to bring chaos to order. [Bridge] They're ahead of the shock wave. They'll survive. Captain Janeway and I made sure of that. It's you who underestimated us. (The Borg Queen pulls off a malfunctioning arm.)
You know who I am, Kathryn. Yes. Drowned under the polar icecap on Tau Ceti Prime. It was devastating to you. Kathryn, Kathryn. I raised you to be a doubter and a sceptic, to look at the world with a scientist's eye, but in this instance that won't work. Isn't it clear? You're dead. You died in that shuttle crash. I understand your confusion, your refusal to accept what's happened. I went through the same thing after my accident. I went back to you, and your mother, and your sister after I died for a long time, until I realised it was futile. That's what happens when dead is unexpected. One's consciousness isn't prepared to let go. For the want of a better word. Some say ghost or spirit. We all heard the stories and thought they were the product of vivid imaginations or self-induced hysteria. I'll admit I was surprised when I found they were true. You were so grief-stricken you fell into a terrible depression. You spent months in bed, sleeping away your days rather than confronting your feelings. I'm not sure what would have happened if your sister hadn't forced you into the real world again. Kathryn, remember, several times after I died you woke up thinking I was in the room with you? You told your sister it felt absolutely real. That's because it was real. I was there trying to convince you to get on with your life. That's up to you. Eventually you will cross over. The only question is how long it will take you to give up this world. I don't know what to call it. Another state of consciousness, unlike anything we could have imagined in life. It's not a frightening place, Kathryn. It's full of joy and indescribable wonder. People have felt the presence of ghosts throughout the ages, but the technology to find them still hasn't been invented. But they will give up eventually. They'll accept what's happened, and that's what you have to do. If that's what you feel you need to do, I understand. [Tuvok's quarters] They all love you, Kathryn. It's going to be hard for them. Because you don't want to. Tomorrow, it will become easier. It's over, Kathryn. There's nothing left for you here. Come with me. Just decide. The only thing that keeps you is your refusal to leave. My poor little bird. You always made it hard for yourself. If there was a rocky path and a smooth one, you chose the rocky one every time. You're saying all the things I told myself when I refused to leave you. I was hoping you wouldn't have to go through that. It's a horrible existence, Kathryn. As time wears on you begin to see how potent, how destructive, loneliness is. You'll see the people you love going on with their lives, doing all the things you used to share with them, but you won't be a part of it any more. You'll be forever shut out of their existence. It becomes agonising. I don't want that to happen to you. What can I do to convince you? You can only be an observer of their lives, never a participant. Every hour you stay here makes it that much more difficult to leave. What do you mean? Here? An hallucination like the others. More denial. You're only making it harder on yourself. I'm trying to spare you unnecessary pain. I'm trying to help you. Stop fighting me. This is what my species does. At the moment just before death one of us comes to help you understand what's happening, to make the crossing over an occasion of joy. Our Matrix, where your consciousness will live. I was being truthful when I said it was a place of wonder. It can be whatever you want it to be. Usually people are comforted to see their loved ones. It makes the crossing over a much less fearful occasion. I've done this many times, but I've never encountered someone so resistant. [Planet surface] They're trying out of desperation. It's hopeless. Because it's inevitable. I've waited for you. I've been patient. You must go with me. Wouldn't that be better than standing here in this endless debate? You're in a dangerous profession, Captain. You face death everyday. There'll be another time, and I'll be waiting. Eventually you'll come into my Matrix and you will nourish me for a long, long time.
