They're targeting our engines. You're the weapons expert. See if you can get those shields back online. If we don't raise the shields, the only that's going to be left of this ship is a cloud of vapour. (He pushes Degra aside and does it himself. Degra looks out of the porthole.) These could be shield emitters. They're not going to last for long. What? It's been a long time since any Xindi took orders from you. We're carrying five hundred litres of warp plasma in the starboard tanks. We'll have to vent it. Turn these down on my mark. They're going to destroy us. Now! The plasma got into their intake manifolds. Their engines are overheating. You really don't remember. I was afraid this might happen. It's me, Archer. You've been through a lot in the last two days. Just let me figure out I'm human. (Degra backs away as far as he can.) Degra, you have to listen to me. I'm not your enemy anymore. You've spent the last two days in an interrogation chamber. Whatever the insectoids did to you in there must have affected your memory. My name is Jonathan Archer. The two of us just escaped from an insectoid prison colony. We've shared a cell for almost three years. Roll up your sleeves. (They have similar tattoos on their There's a system about a week from here. It's isolated. I doubt they'll look for us there. (As the shuttle rattles to warp, Degra stares in disbelief at his reflection in a porthole.) It's been a while since you referred to those overgrown grasshoppers as your own people. Probably because of the bloodworms. They're used during interrogations. Their secretions act as a truth serum, makes the prisoners more co-operative. But there's a side effect. Sometimes they can suppress memories. The same thing happened when they questioned me. I forgot everything that happened since flight school. It'll start to come back to you. Give it a few days. Three years. They wanted information about the weapon. This is going to take some time. What's the last thing you remember? The weapons test. It failed because your prototype was sabotaged. Because I'm responsible for it. Your kemocite shipment was tampered with. He wasn't too happy when I told him what you were planning to do with his kemocite. He was. In the end it didn't make much of a difference. We didn't stop your programme, we only slowed it down. A few weeks later the weapon was launched. It destroyed my planet. I don't know if you'd call it a success. After Earth was destroyed the old Xindi rivalries surfaced again. The insectoids started attacking other Xindi colonies. They killed thousands of your people. There wasn't a lot they could do. While you were busy constructing the weapon, the insectoids were secretly building hundreds of new ships. They used Earth as a diversion. Their real goal was to dominate the other Xindi species. Are you all right? (Something moves Hold still. (Archer cuts into Degra's arm, pulls out the six inch long worm and puts it in the vial. Putting things away again Trust me, it didn't happen overnight. (He points at to scar on his It's a Malosian cargo shuttle. They're traders. They bring supplies to the prison a few times a month. No weapons, but she's sturdy enough to get us where we're going. Not exactly. When we were getting close to finding your weapon the insectoids sent their ships after us. They boarded Enterprise and took me prisoner, then they planted spatial charges around our warp reactor. My crew was still aboard when they detonated them. The Council? You told me you'd heard from Naara before you were sent to prison. She and the children were safe. We have a ship now. We can look for them. There's nothing in range. Do you remember the coordinates? There may have been survivors. Reactor coolant. The conduit must have ruptured in the attack. Take it. (The only oxygen mask.) You're the one with a family. You want to see them again? Try to seal the rupture. I'll see if I can close off the coolant tanks. (Archer collapses as Degra seals the gash with a mini welder. Once he's done it, he shares the oxygen with Archer as the air clears. Later, as Degra sleeps, Archer gets a hypospray from its hiding place and injects him.) [Command centre] T'Pol. (She presses a button and the shuttle's doors open.) [Cargo Bay two] Keep an eye on him. Trip. [Command centre] What have we got? Can we scan them for a weapons facility? Degra's a senior official. We know he's designing the weapon. There's a chance he'd keep his family close by. What do you mean? It's too risky. If he suspects something, we'll wind up right back where we started. He'll tell me. I just need a little more time. Three Days Earlier Captain's starlog, December 12th, 2153. We've returned to the site where the Xindi were testing the prototype weapon. An analysis of the debris may tell us more about it. [Bridge] Why didn't we see it before? Have they seen us yet? See what you can do about their engines. (Four phase cannon shots later.) Hail them. (Hoshi opens the channel and nods.) ARCHER: Stand down and prepare to be boarded. [Degra's ship] Anything? What about navigational logs? Does it mention the weapon? Let me know what else you find. (He goes over to Tucker studying the engines.) Not your typical nacelle configuration? Learn everything you can. [Brig] (Archer activates the intercom.) I want to know where you're building the weapon. The hell you don't. Your name is Degra. I was at the Xindi colony when you picked up your shipment of kemocite. Your people are planning another attack. I'm not going to let that happen. Where's the weapon? (The power fluctuates.) ARCHER: Archer to the Bridge. Report. [Bridge] What's causing it? All right. Take the ship out of the field but keep us close by. If you won't tell me what I need to know, perhaps one of your men will. But this is a Xindi reptilian. Would it work on a primate? How selective could this memory wipe be? [Situation room] Hoshi can help with that. Let's get started. (The meeting adjourns.) ARCHER: T'Pol, I could use your help with some of the details. If he buys into this, Degra's going to want to know everything that's happened in the last three years. I can't make up the whole story on the spot. [Sickbay] Nice work. (Phlox is making Degra's tattoo.) I'm not sure about the grey. This is only supposed to be three years from now. You're sure these are safe? I'll do my best. [Shuttle] Spatial anomalies. We're passing through a field of them. Hold on. [Command centre] (The scene in the shuttle is on a monitor.) Obviously not. [Command centre] We're losing structural integrity. I'm taking us out of warp. We'll never make it through this field in one piece. We don't have enough fuel. We should send a distress call. One of your ships might be close enough to hear it. We don't have a lot of choices. What's the frequency? One of the inmates told me all about Maarek Three. He used it as a staging area when he was smuggling dilithium. (Degra shares the Andorian ale.) Beautiful, with beaches that go on for thousands of kilometres. First thing I'm going to do is find a cold lake and take the longest bath of my life. [Command centre] It sounded a lot like Earth, the way he described it. This colony of yours, you never told me about it. Why'd you live there? It's been a long time since anyone called me Captain. It's Jonathan, remember? I never really had an opportunity to start one. I was away from home a lot. Actually, you haven't. We're being hailed. Whoever it is, they must be pretty far away. I'll try to clear it up. Better make it fast. At least you know they're all right. We should still change course. Do you know the coordinates? What's wrong? Be my guest. [Command centre] You encrypted the navigation controls. [Shuttle] Do you mind if I ask how long it will take to get there? What will your people think when you show up with me. Humans probably aren't their favourite species. I appreciate that. I'm not sure. [Command centre] Subspace turbulence. You still don't believe me, do you. It's been years since you've said anything. This isn't necessary. Piral and Jaina. Take him to the Brig. [Brig] When did you realise. We know your ship has been there, recently. You gave us the coordinates of a red giant. I guess I'll just have to wipe your memory clean again, go back into the simulator and start this whole thing over. I think you didn't figure it out until after the malfunction. I'd be willing to bet those co-ordinates are real. We can't afford to lose three weeks if the weapon isn't there. Have you learned anything more about how they open the subspace vortices? I want to see all the data you've collected. [Engineering] Archer to the Bridge. [Bridge] We're ready. Emergency bulkheads! You're the engineer? You're going to help us. We adapted your technology, used our main deflector to open a subspace vortex. If you don't do what he says, this ship will break apart. Lieutenant. (Archer takes the phase pistol off Reed and holds it to Degra's neck.) Tell him to do what he's told. Trip. Go ahead. Take him back to the Brig. (Thalen is taken off, Degra goes with Archer.) [Bridge] Report. What's our status? Arm all weapons. Lay in a course for those kemocite signatures, full impulse. Get him out of here. Show him. (The viewscreen switches from red giant to weapons How's it coming? As long as they don't know we were here, we can leave them with a mystery. (into communicator) Go ahead.
It's incredible we're still in one piece. What's your guess. In other words, we're a decade away from Jupiter Station. What about the transceiver array? We've answered enough calls for help over the past year. It's time someone returned the favour. Archer to Ensign Sato. I want you to get started on a general distress call. Assistance required. Minor repairs. Don't go into too much detail. Archer out. [Sickbay] Did you hear that? I don't believe it. Trip told me he fixed that squeak. (comm. beep) Go ahead. Put them through. This is Captain Archer of the starship Enterprise. Thank you for responding. We need help in repairing some hull damage. If you can rendezvous with us, we'd be happy to discuss Can you repeat? Sounded like he said repair station? What do you know about these Tellarites? I think it's worth a look. This is Captain Archer of the starship Enterprise. We need to make some repairs. I was told you might be willing to help us. We'd be grateful for any assistance you could offer. Please respond. Biosigns? It doesn't seem that Enterprise could fit inside those docking berths. What's it look like inside? They need to work a little on their hospitality. Take us in. (Access tubes extend to meet the docking ports as Enterprise glides to a halt.) [Station] (Carefully, Tucker, T'Pol and Archer leave Enterprise and follow the flashing lights into a pristine white space station. They are led to a room with a holographic representation of the ship in the centre of it.) I thought I told you to have that repainted. Everything's in English. The ship wasn't the only thing they probed. I think that's Malcolm. That's where his left leg was injured. Who am I speaking with? Is there someone here I can speak with? Are you saying you can repair all our systems? We can give them either three warp coils, five deuterium injectors or two hundred litres of warp plasma. Plasma? If we agree to these terms, how long will the repairs take? Look at this. Transmit it to Hoshi and have her inform the crew. (Giant gantries start to swing around Enterprise.) Go ahead. [Bridge] It's all right, Travis. Stand by. (Another door opens) Well? I doubt there's a catfish within a hundred and thirty light years. It would have been nice to have been asked. I can only imagine what else this thing knows about us. Thanks, but I'll stick with whatever Chef's serving. I'll be on the Bridge. [Sickbay] (As the all-purpose gantry arms create forcefields, weld, replicate bulkheads and generally rebuild the ship, one is aiming a beam at Reed's leg.) They even fixed the squeak in the floor. I was starting to wonder if we had a gremlin under the deck plating. (T'Pol looks That won't be necessary. Is Trip happy with how the repairs are going? That's good to hear. Anything else? Go ahead. Guess I need to do a better job at repressing my emotions. These repairs are one hell of a bargain at only two hundred litres of warp plasma, don't you think? What happened to them? They could have at least left a message. Thanks for stopping by. Don't you find that a little suspicious? I know you don't put a lot of faith in your feelings, but I've learned to trust mine. Something doesn't smell right. [Station recreation area] (Most of the crew are there, enjoying a meal and a glass of wine.) Travis, it's the Captain. Would you mind coming down to Launch Bay one? Not anymore. I could use a hand, Ensign. Do you know how stupid that little stunt was? You could just as easily been transported out into space. You're senior officers. You're supposed to be setting an example for the rest of the crew. I think Lieutenant Reed is old enough to make his own decisions. (to Reed) You've made it clear to me that you think discipline aboard Enterprise has gotten a little too lax. I'm beginning to agree with you. You're both restricted to quarters until further notice. Dismissed. Hold on. Did you notice anything interesting when you were in there? Go ahead. What happened? Why the hell would he come down here during his off hours and start tampering with the power systems? Did you notify the crew that this section was off-limits? Well, apparently somebody didn't get the message. What time did he go off duty? Talk to her. See if he said anything to her about this. And go over the comm. logs. I want to know if he talked to anyone else. Post a security detail outside every section that's under repair. A member of my crew is dead. We don't know what happened. My helmsman was killed in Launch Bay One. We think it happened while that section was off-limits. We're aware of that. You must have some kind of record of what happened. I need to talk to a person. Someone who can access your database and tell me what happened. Who built this station? What species? What species? (He hits the computer screen in frustration.) Anything? What's this? That was last week. I had to postpone it. Have we been able to locate his parents? Archer. Did you find something? What? If it's so perfect, how do you know it's not him? He came down with Rigelian fever. Couldn't they have been killed by the isolytic shock? Apparently bulkheads aren't the only thing this station can replicate. You'd better hold off. Their son may still be alive. You and Trip managed to get pretty far inside the station. How close do you think you got to the computer core? Think you could find a way to get past them? Bridge to Engineering. Trip, [Engineering] Have you prepared our payment? Don't be in such a hurry. [Station diagnostic room] (As the last welding arm withdraws from Enterprise's hull, Trip pushes a trolley with four plasma canisters through the doorway.) Are they alive? It's okay, Travis. We're taking you home. (T'Pol is looking for another way out.) Archer to the Bridge. On his way to Sickbay. What's our status? Impulse engines? Malcolm, I think it's time we deliver our payment. (Reed uses a remote control to set off a detonator next to the plasma containers in the station's diagnostic room. Boom!) It needs to reach three thousand degrees, Malcolm. Be patient. Engines? Full thrusters. Can you launch a torpedo? I agree, but I don't think we have much choice. (A torpedo is launched at the securing arm, and smashes through half of it.) One more, Lieutenant! (This one impacts properly and explodes.) Get us out of here. (Enterprise departs to a backdrop of multiple explosions) [Sickbay] You look pretty good for a dead guy. How're you feeling? We're still trying to figure that out for ourselves. When can I have my helmsman back? Captain's mess, Friday morning, oh eight hundred. Don't be late.
D'Marr, what do you call that spice? (A white-skinned alien, reptilian with frills around the jaw and large scale plates on the head.) What we really need are engineering supplies. What do you mean? (D'Marr takes a drink.) Coffee. I can have my Chef wrap up a few kilograms for you if you wouldn't mind telling us where we can find those supplies. Ten kilos? You said there weren't any lifesigns aboard. Any biosigns? Let's see it. (A grey triangle on a grey ground with a few wispy clouds around.) There's no way to tell without a closer look. Let's pay her a visit. If we feel the spirits don't want us there, we'll leave. Malcolm, you have the Bridge. Travis, you're driving. [Alien ship] (The shuttlepod lands next to the transport ship, You and T'Pol check it out. Comm. us if you find anything we can use. Or if you see any signs of the crew. Everything okay, Travis? I don't know. Maybe someone else wanted to salvage this wreck and they were trying to scare him off. This isn't turning into one of your famous ghost stories, is it? What do you think? Computer terminal? Let's get them back to the ship see if we can find out what happened here. [Alien Engineering] Go ahead. We're on our way. (Weapons drawn, the two examine an apparent dead end.) Who attacked you? Three years. You've made quite a home for yourselves here. Well, you do now. Our ship is big enough for all of you. We can take you home. What about their engines? We have resources you may not have. It's worth a shot. There's a lot of damage. Maybe they were hit by some kind of weapon we're not familiar with. You're not buying that, either. Just because they're a little skittish doesn't mean they're up to something. What about it? Do we still have their data module? Have Hoshi download it. Let me know as soon as she has anything. Archer to Commander Tucker. Could you come to my ready room? I hear you've been spending a lot of time with Liana. I'm sure you have, Trip. This doesn't have anything to do with that. We were wondering if you'd noticed any strange behaviour from her or any of the others. According to this, they weren't attacked. There was an accident on board. It's not just the data module. It went down nearly twenty two years ago, Trip. (Tucker looks at Reed's PADD.) Malcolm found one. It was still in orbit. We're bringing it on board. [Launch bay] I'm not quite sure. (They open the front of the small pod, and the mummified remains of a male in a blue overall are inside.) Find T'Pol. I'm going to go talk to the captain. That'd be easier to believe if you weren't hiding things from us. No, she didn't, but if you want any more help from us we're going to need some answers. Not without my officers. We'll set the shuttle down in the foothills south of their ship. Their dampening field should leave them as blind as we are. We'll go in through their escape pod ports. That should put us near Engineering and their computer room. Work your way down the port side. Comm. us if you find T'Pol, and be careful. You all right? Good question. What happened to your crew? Your real crew. But the ones you based them on, the crew of this ship, where are they? Sounds like you did everything you could to save the ship. Any father would have done the same thing. I can't imagine what making that decision must have been like, but it was a long time ago. You need to consider your daughter now. (to T'Pol) You all right? We'll finish working on your holographic systems, if that's what you want. But you should be sure that's all the help you need from us. It may be a long time before anyone comes by here again. [Ready room] Come in. (Ezral enters) Welcome aboard. Thanks. We're pretty proud of her. Of course. Can I get you something? Some tea? That's one way of putting it. We'll stay as long as it takes to get your ship flying.
If I knew there were going to be so many hills I would have picked a different city to explore. I can't think of a better man for the job. (Phlox looks through the observation window.) Any unexpected guests? Very. You know, as interesting as that was, it's always good to get home. Something wrong? Malcolm? What about it? None yet. I've already spoken to them. When was the last time you remember having it? After that. Did you have any reason to take it out of your pocket? Are you sure? We covered a lot of ground. It could be anywhere. Can you do a little better? We saw a lot of propaganda, but from what we could tell nobody started fighting yet. It's a good place to start. (to T'Pol) You've got the Bridge. Tell Doctor Phlox we're going to need his cosmetic services again. I appreciate the offer, Trip, but the fewer set of eyes, the better. Next time.  [Shuttlepod] (piloting) We'll be in range of their surveillance towers in less than two minutes. Your feet ready for another hike? How about thirty years in the brig, or maybe a good flogging? It was an accident, Malcolm. It could have happened to any of us. This was the table? Try your scanner. Can you give us a few minutes? You have a good memory. I'll pass along the compliment. No, just visiting. Sounds good. (The barkeep goes over to another table and gives the men there a special Look.) Where? Were you in there? Better wait till they come out. (They go back into the main room, and three men stand up. A fight starts, but Reed is knocked down and Archer has a gun jammed in his back. They're hauled off into that back room, where Pell holds up the missing communicator.) I don't know. (Reed and Archer are pushed against the wall and searched. Pell finds the phase pistol.) Still bothering you? I wouldn't count on it. I just hope they don't find the shuttlepod. I'm not sure anyone would believe us. Visitors from another world? There's no way to know how they'd react. The less we say the better. I'm the Captain. We're not part of the military. I don't know. (Gosis picks up the scanner.) I'm sorry. I can't help you. We're visitors, not spies. Our intelligence reports underestimate you, General. Alien creatures, You're even more delusional than we thought. This isn't a spaceship. It's suborbital. A highly experimental aircraft. We've been observing your territory for months. It's made from a composite alloy. Invisible to any of your tracking systems. We're prototypes, the only ones. All of them. An upset stomach? Do you really think he'd fall for that? Even if we got out of the compound, we'd never make it to the shuttle. Not looking like this. Genetic enhancements. Very creative, Malcolm. You made us sound like the Suliban. If I know T'Pol, she won't want to leave any contamination behind. It may take some time, but she'll find a way to get everything back. Including our remains. It's a big planet, Malcolm. I'm sure they're not all like that. What if we did tell them the truth? If we show them to the shuttlepod, bring the General up to Enterprise, give him the grand tour, top it off with dinner in the Captain's mess. We'd probably all have a good laugh over how he almost sent us to the gallows. I've gotten plenty of lectures on cultural contamination, but T'Pol never mentioned anything about sacrificing crewmen to prevent it. That was different. These people haven't even split the atom yet. The Vulcans waited until we were ready. Until we had the ability to travel to other stars. We're doing the right thing, Malcolm. I'm sorry you won't get a chance to write that report. He's my tactical officer. He can tell you everything you want to know about the Alliance's troop deployments, their weapons. You don't need to kill him. (Gosis gestures with his head, and the pair are bundled up the steps to the gallows. Their necks are placed in the nooses with the knots by their left ears when a cloud of dust is suddenly kicked up, and a disembodied arm appears in midair, pointing a phase pistol. The man by the trapdoor lever gets shot first, then the other one on the gallows. The rest dive for cover. Tucker leaps out and heads to free Reed and Archer while T'Pol provides covering fire. They take cover.) Don't leave without me. (He provides the covering fire for the others to get into the cell ship and then dashes for the interrogation room. There's just one guard who is easily taken out. He grabs the x-rays, files and the equipment, and stuffs them into various handy waistcoat pockets, then heads back out and makes it into the cell ship.)  [Cell ship] Let's go. (Gosis stares dumbfounded at the hatch closing into nothingness, and the dust as the cell ship flies off, unseen.) Come in. Any planets? Sounds like a nice change of pace. Have Travis set a course. You took a risk coming down in that cell ship. Its cloaking device could have failed. I'm glad you did it. What's important is that we got everything back, the communicator, the phase pistol, the shuttlepod. We could have done a lot of damage to those people if we'd left any of it behind. We've changed their perception of the Alliance. And thanks to that Suliban ship, they also think the Alliance has developed invisible aircraft.
That's impossible. There were thirty six hundred colonists. (Ready room) The mission's been cancelled. Are you telling me that Enterprise didn't cause that explosion? (Ready room) He brought me back ten months, but I knew everything I know now. How is that possible? The Suliban destroyed that colony. (attack on cloaked cruiser) We're going back to get proof. If bringing me here caused this, then send me back. I'll take my chances with Silik. And now, the conclusion. [Bridge] If this place was destroyed as long ago as it seems to have been, then what are you doing here? You and your watchdog buddies don't exactly fit in with all this. Try me. Listen, I realise your little utopia is gone, and I sympathise, but if you're telling me the truth, if you've brought me eight hundred years into the future, into this future, I think I deserve some answers. What's wrong? What's gone? Why is that a problem? Who did it commemorate? Then what? But it will? Fine. Keep your missing monument to yourself. Where's this library you were talking about? Well, there are. So, I suggest we use some of them to figure out what you did to the last thousand years when you brought me here this morning. [Bridge] (The Suliban are going through the ship in groups of three, scanning for something room by room. A Suliban refers to the data discs.) I haven't found a single reference to this Federation you talked about. Because that monument wasn't there? So I disappear one day and all history changes? There were a lot of people involved in the Warp Five programme. (reading a book title) The Romulan Star Empire. What's that? I don't get it. What could I have done that could have been so important? This timeline, the one you say no longer exists. What can you tell me about it if my mission had continued? And? (silence) Okay, what about this Federation? Was Earth part of it? Was I part of it? You've lost me. Sounds like you've got a chicken-or-the-egg problem. You said your time portals are gone. All your technology. There isn't even electricity here. You going to find a bicycle, turn it into a time machine? (hands it over) And my scanner. You can't do that with those. What are we waiting for? [Helix - interrogation room] (Enterprise is docked with the Helix. T'Pol is down to her underwear, in a metal chair with a heavy device around her neck. She is being given drugs.) I can't be sure, but I think that's copper. Any luck? I thought you built these things in high school. Why is the same day so important? What would be wrong with making contact a week before I left or even a month before? This is Captain Archer. Can you hear me? T'Pol, this is You don't know where who is? Sub-Commander, this is Captain Archer. I'm having trouble understanding you. Daniels brought me to the future. That's what the temporal reading was all about. Are you all right? Whatever you say. Just tell me, are you all right? Where are you? No, I mean Enterprise. Where's Enterprise? T'Pol, listen to me. I need your help. You're going to have to find a way to get to Daniels' quarters. Do you understand me? There's no technology where I am. T'Pol, do you remember when I asked you to keep an open mind? There's a lot more at stake here than bringing me back, or the mission. I need you to listen to me very carefully. I need you to trust me. [Tucker's quarters] I said, you're an ugly bastard. (He puts Silik's own gun to his head.) You try shape-shifting on me, or pulling one of your chameleon routines and I promise you, Silik, I'll blow your head off. Has Enterprise left the nebula? Where's my ship, Silik? How many Cell ships did you send after them? Silik! You're going to call them off, and then you're going to give me those data discs back. Now get up. Shut up. (He shoots up the time pad.) ARCHER: Get going. [Bridge] (Enterprise is under attack.) Go ahead, Enterprise. Good to hear yours, too. I feel like I've been away for a thousand years. [Bridge] Is everyone all right? I know it's not standard Starfleet procedure [Cell ship] But I took a hostage. (Silik is on the Request permission to dock. It may see somewhat implausible to you, but When I was in my early twenties on a trip to East Africa I saw a gazelle giving birth. It was truly amazing. Within minutes the baby was standing up, standing up on its own. A few more minutes and it was walking and before I knew it, it was running alongside its mother, moving away with the herd. Humans aren't like that, Ambassador. We may come from the same planet as those gazelles but we're pretty much helpless when we're born. It takes us months before we're able to crawl. Almost a full year before we can walk. Our deep space mission isn't much different. We're going to stumble, make mistakes, I'm sure more than a few, before we find our footing. But we're going to learn from those mistakes. That's what being human is all about. I'm sorry you can't see that. [Starfleet Headquarters] I can't be certain, but Crewman Fuller might have seen me coming in here. I think you put it over the top. Forrest said none of the others could believe it when you went to bat for us, not to mention that little listening-post lecture you gave to Soval. He woke me up in the middle of the night. Can you believe that? I think you put it over the top. The hell you don't. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
How long before we get subspace online? My guess is we have a lot of people on board waiting to call home. Put it up. (A sleek, flattened shape with green highlights Good. Hail them. This is the Starship Enterprise. What can we do for you? My name is Jonathan Archer. We're on a mission of exploration from the planet Earth. Hoshi? Do you need assistance? If you don't want to talk, that's fine but, you dropped in on us. (the mystery ship turns about and goes to warp) Was it something I said? Did you get anything on sensors? No what? Are there inhabited systems nearby? Why fly right up to us just to give us the silent treatment? Let's calibrate the subspace amplifier. At least the people back home want to talk to us. (The rest return to their Bridge stations.) Where are they? What time is it there? That shouldn't be too late. Let's break in that new amplifier. I'll be in my Ready Room. [Ready room] He's fine. No, sir. Malcolm's doing a great job. I'm sure you know it's his birthday in a couple of days. He's my Armoury Officer. It must be in Malcolm's blood. He's a long way from home in any case, Mister Reed. I'd like to do something for his birthday, make him a special dinner. I was hoping you could tell me what he likes to eat. I'm not sure I understand. Are you saying he doesn't have a favourite food? Well, if you happen to think of anything you can always contact me through Starfleet. I will. Could have gone better. Apparently, he hasn't called home since we left Earth. I want you to find out what he likes to eat. But don't let Malcolm know. We're talking about a delicate assignment, Hoshi. It needs your finesse. Get some help if you need it, but make this a top priority. That's an order. You missed T'Pol's latest bout with chopsticks. I thought you were going to upgrade this. TUCKER: That is the upgrade. Well if you want, I can change the colour. [Engineering] What's the word from home? Duvall got his own command? Thank God we're a hundred light years away. The Natalie, from Pensacola? Trip. You okay? Let me ask you something. Do you spend much time with Malcolm? You talk about anything interesting? I talked to his parents this morning. Yeah. (to Porthos) Sit. If I asked your parents what you like to eat, would they be able to tell me? (They resuming walking.) Malcolm's parents didn't know what his favorite food was. They didn't even know he was an Armoury Officer. [Mess hall] It made me think. We don't know that much about Malcolm, do we? (weird noise) Go ahead. Guess we weren't so uninteresting after all. Let's try this again. (Hoshi opens a channel.) ARCHER: Welcome back. I was hoping we'd have an opportunity to meet again. The primary mission of my ship is to make peaceful contact with other species. If there's anything we can do to assure you of our intentions (pauses, Hoshi shakes her head) Well, it's been nice talking to you. Let's do this again sometime. Can you translate it? Hull plating. Hard about. Everybody okay? What the hell was that about? What did you get? Stay on long-range scanners. If they come anywhere near us, I want to know. T'Pol. [Corridor] How bad is it? (to welder) Hold it a minute. Did your people run into as many hostile aliens when they first went into deep space? How so? This ship just isn't equipped to handle some of the threats we're coming up against. It's time we do something about that. Enterprise was fitted with phase cannon ports, but since we left Spacedock a few weeks ahead of schedule the cannons were never The armoury team at Jupiter Station is trained for this kind of work. If we're going to do this let's do it right. I know that, Trip, but we have other systems that could use overhauls. Look at the bright side. You'll got a chance to say goodbye to Natalie. (He starts to leave.) Do what you can. Archer to Mayweather. We're heading home. [Engineering] (A presentation with computer graphics to a group of the crew.) Let me guess. Our shadow? Polarise the hull plating. (The ship shakes under the attack.) [Mess hall] Torpedoes. Why don't you save time and tell me what isn't down? Seal them. Get away from those men! (Archer fires his phase pistol, no effect on the big eyed alien with a vertical mouth slit and no nose. The aliens Report to E deck, section seven. This is an emergency. Go ahead. Bridge, report! Doctor? Will they be all right? (Both men are just staring at the ceiling.) Have you ever heard of anything like this? Are there any Vulcan records of a species that uses similar tactics? And I don't care how classified they might be. Find out what you can. Go ahead. How long before we can go to warp? What about impulse power? I'll take all the good news I can get. Keep me posted, Doctor. [Bridge] I'm sure they would. (Archer nods to Hoshi.) What? What about Echo One? Don't you ever rest? Well, I hope you get them fixed soon because you look like hell. How's it coming? Sure. Point oh six microns. At least we'll be flying home under our own power. I tried to get a message to the Vulcan High Command, but it didn't go through. If it had, we'd be expecting a Surak class ship tomorrow, oh so politely offering to help us. Maybe we should thank our visitors for blowing up the subspace amplifiers. It's holding at point oh five. You looking forward to seeing Earth? This time, we won't be leaving before we're ready. I nev (He pauses as crewman walks past.) ARCHER: I never said we didn't belong out here. I just wish we'd have launched with all our systems online, especially weapons. I keep reminding myself of that. But I rushed us out of Spacedock because I had something to prove, and I risked the lives of eighty one humans, a Vulcan, and a Denobulan to do it. Thanks. Let me know when we're ready to go to warp. My crew has managed to do in forty eight hours what would've taken the armoury team at Jupiter Station at least a week. To say that I'm proud of them would be an understatement. We're preparing our first test. Everybody has their fingers crossed, including me. [Bridge] (There is a crater-pocked asteroid on Not even a microbe? I don't want to blow up something that could evolve into a sentient species in a couple of billion years. Archer to Lieutenant Reed. Have you got a lock? Let's start small. Shave a couple of metres off the top of that peak. [Armoury] Mister Reed, the honour is all yours. (two cannon beams turn the mountain into a crater and blow a few circuits) I just asked for a little off the top. [Armoury] What happened? Trip, T'Pol. [Launch bay 2] (Reed, Archer and Tucker enter cautiously, phase pistols drawn. T'Pol follows with a scanner. Tucker spots round object by upper walkway.) You think that's what's causing the power surge? Activate visual sensor J-15. I assume you planted that device because you wanted to learn more about us. (We see Where are they? No. Come about, and hold our position. Bridge to the Armoury. Guess who's back. [Armoury] Get a lock and standby. Put it through. Defenceless. (The image we saw in the launch Shut it off. Mister Reed, both cannons, fire. (Two beams scrape along the green ship's shields.) Is that the best we can do, Lieutenant?! [Armoury] What about yesterday? I saw you blow something up the size of Mount McKinley. Can you overload them again? [Armoury] Can you overload them again? [Armoury] I'd rather knock out two decks than surrender this ship. [Armoury] Sounds good to me. [Armoury] We all understand the risks. Get started. Malcolm? [Armoury] Then fire! (Two beams scrape the ship, their shields ripple and fall, a couple of explosions are seen.) Torpedoes! (Two hits to the aft of the ship and it turns away, I have a feeling [Bridge] Their repairs are going to be a little more extensive. [Armoury] How'd the cannons hold up? Good work. Well, I see no reason for us to go back to Jupiter Station now. Do you? Get on it. Travis, resume our previous course. Don't get too used to drinking on duty. But you did your jobs pretty damn well yesterday. I'd say that deserves a little celebration. Permission granted. Hoshi, what can we do for you? (Hoshi is carrying a large case.) Great, put it down right here. (opens it up) As long as we've Oh, no trouble at all. (Archer offers the cake slice to Reed.) ARCHER: Mister Reed, the honour is yours. (Reed cuts a corner of the cake and looks at the filling.)
Last time on Enterprise There's been an attack on Earth. We've been recalled. (examining remains) I'd sure as hell like to find out. I don't have a problem with non-Starfleet personnel. I'm going to need all the muscle I can get when we cross into the Expanse. We'll do what we have to, Trip. [Xindi Council Chamber]  How long till we get there? The foreman of the north mine. He's expecting us. He's not. He just said he thinks there was a Xindi aboard a transport he took there a few years ago. He didn't mention any. Where are we, Malcolm? This room. What did it used to be? But it got retrofitted. Starfleet went to a lot of trouble to turn it into our new Command centre. Why is that, Malcolm? To find the Xindi, right? So this state of the art equipment was put in here to help us gather all the pieces of the puzzle, figure out who's trying to destroy Earth. Six weeks. We've been in this Expanse for six weeks. What data have we gathered? What pieces of the puzzle have we started to put together? Not a single one. We don't have the luxury of being safe or cautious any more, and if the only lead we can find comes from a freighter captain of questionable character, then that's good enough for me. Understood? (leaves)  Just bay two? When did it start? You're sure it's not a problem with the grav-plating. You're right. It's not the grav-plating. Any volatile material in those containers? Seal it off. Let's hope this little anomaly doesn't last any longer than the others did. (Everything flies back to the right hand wall as they leave.) [Sickbay] (Phlox is looking at a microscope view on desk monitor as T'Pol enters, wearing a red v-necked catsuit.) The Doctor said it was safe for short periods. Try not to breathe. I'm Captain Archer of the Starship Enterprise. We've come to see your I'm Jonathan Archer. This is Lieutenant Reed. Depends what you mean by worth your while. I'm afraid we don't carry precious metals on board. I'm sure there's something else we could offer you. (quietly, to Reed) What about the antimatter relays? How much platinum are we talking about? I'd need to see this man, scan him, confirm that he's Xindi. Why would you do this? Is it Xindi? I need something a little more concrete, Doctor. Like humans and Neanderthals? How's it coming? Let me know when it's ready. You okay? There's a little more than a half litre in here. I have something to discuss with him. I brought you what you asked for. Now let me see the Xindi. (The Foreman checks on a computer screen.) It took six of my men half the night to extract this platinum. I think you could wake him an hour early. [Mine Canteen] (The foreman leads the way, Trip holding on to the case with the platinum in it.) Our outer hull is lined with duranium. And why would you imagine that? (A person is thrown to the floor in their midst, and the foreman holds out his hand for the platinum. Tucker hands over the case.) The foreman said it was an accident. You're Xindi? Where's your homeworld? We have important business with your people. What do you mean, escape? A simple set of coordinates, that's all I want. I'm prepared to pay you. Trip, take it easy. (communicator chirps) Archer here.  How long before they get here? [Bridge] Go to Tactical Alert. We're heading back to the shuttlepod. Archer to Enterprise. Enterprise, respond. (static)  Sewage takes on a whole new meaning when it comes from a dozen different species. What are you doing?  If this leads to the surface why didn't you use it before? One, and he didn't look very much like you. That sounded an awful lot like those emergency baffles we opened. I thought you said this duct isn't used anymore. How far up to the next maintenance hatch? How far? I think you're right. Suit yourself. (He starts down.) We're going to have to pick up the pace, gentleman. (A red glow is visible in the duct. They slide down.) [Passageway] You okay? Where the hell do you think you're going? You had your chance. You're lying.  Come in. He wasn't a particularly helpful Xindi, Doctor. I'll be damned. They're the coordinates. [Corridor] Tactical Alert. Stand by weapons. Any indications that we're being scanned? How many inhabited planets? Son of a bitch lied to us. A ship? Put it up. Move us in closer. (They fly in amongst the lumps of rock.) How long ago did this happen? They're building a weapon, planning to annihilate Earth because they think we're going to destroy their world in four hundred years. How is that possible if their world doesn't exist anymore, hasn't existed for decades. Prepare to go to warp four. Deeper into the Expanse. You heard me, Travis. [Xindi Council]
Too bad we won't be around. It's going to be one hell of an explosion. No earth ship has ever been within ten light years of a hypergiant. How much farther can we move in? Then we'll have to run our scans from here. Tell Astrometrics to get going. I'm sure they're champing at the bit. You found a ship? Let's see her. (A ship comes up on the viewscreen.) ARCHER: Recognise it? Hail them. Then try audio. This is Captain Archer of the starship Enterprise. I assume you've detected us. The Sol system. And you? My species has never seen one up close. I'm afraid we haven't developed the technology to do that. Thank you. I'm not sure we have anything to offer you in return. It's one of ours as well. We'd be honoured to have you join us for dinner. Tell Chef we're going to have some visitors. [Captain's mess] (Enterprise is docked with the much larger Vissian ship, and the crews are socialising. Vissians have big spectacle-like bones around the eyes.) You must be able to get down into the photosphere of most G-type stars. Flying into stars is a long way off for us. We have gone farther than any other humans. I am an explorer. [Mess hall] (Tucker is entertaining two Vissian women.) Where'd you hear that? Absolutely, but I didn't think you'd be quoting it the next day. And you obviously read pretty quickly. Seems like you're picking the good ones all by yourself. That's got to be ionised hydrogen. I've got friends back at home who are not going to believe this. Close to three days. The circumference is nearly a billion kilometres. We'll be scanning surface features that are undetectable from higher altitudes. I think I'll survive. These people are fascinating, T'Pol. They have a lot to offer us. This could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship. Which reminds me. They've asked us for a sampling of films. I've put together a few suggestions. You're in charge. I'm surprised your ancestors never made it to Earth. Well, maybe now you have a reason to visit us. It's not that far. Fine with me. [Vissian Engineering]  I wouldn't mind taking a turn at the helm. I've been watching you. I think I can handle it. (Drennik slides the control console over to Archer's seat. After a few moments, Archer gets the ship flying smoothly again.) A little. There's a pretty big flare forming below us. I think I can loop around it, let you get a better scan. I'll keep an eye on it. [Vissian Engineering]  I'm starting to get the hang of this. I could take us down a little closer if you'd like. Aye, aye, Captain. Ten thousand metres it is. (Down they go, and it gets a little bumpy, but Archer is grinning.) Absolutely. No problem. [Armoury] I don't see it. It's too big. We're not going to make it. It won't be enough. If you can't get over a wave, you got to dive through it. (The little pod heads through the enormous solar flare.) North shore of Oahu, body surfing. I think it's time you took the helm back. [Corridor] Archer to Enterprise. That was one hell of a ride. I'll tell you about it in a couple of hours. We've got a lot of data to download into their computers.  Where is she? Where? How long ago did this happen? Will you excuse us, Sub-commander? (T'Pol leaves.) I might have expected something like this from a first-year recruit. But not you. You did exactly what I'd do? If that's true, then I've done a pretty lousy job setting an example around here. You're a senior officer on this ship. You're privy to the moral challenges I've had to face. You know I've wrestled with the fine line between doing what I think is right and interfering with other species. So don't tell me you know what I would have done when I don't even know what I would have done! Then you didn't think hard enough. We're out here to meet new species, not tell them what to do. Giving them books is a lot different than suggesting they defy their culture. And they asked me for the books. Did she ask you to teach her how to read? And sneaking into her quarters, bringing her on Enterprise, lying about where you were going, why? (silence) Come with me. [Tucker's quarters] Just until we resolve this. It's not our place to tell you what rights you have. I'm sorry. I'm afraid it may not be that simple. On my world, when someone asks for asylum it has to be given serious consideration. I've been told this person is just as capable of understanding as any of you are. I've been asked to give sanctuary to someone who believes she's been treated unfairly. I can't ignore that. Given? You sound like you're talking about some inanimate object. They're not forced to do anything. You can't expect me to ignore someone when they ask for my protection. I'm afraid Shakespeare only wrote thirty six plays. So it might be best if you take your time memorising them. You sure you don't have an extra stratopod you could spare? Safe journey. (Ends transmission.) ARCHER: Time to say goodbye to the hypergiant. Prepare to get underway, Travis. [Archer's quarters] (Archer is sitting on his bed, stroking Porthos and reading a book when the comm. beeps.) Go ahead. Put him through. [Ready room] (The doorbell chimes.) Come in. I was just told that the Vissian cogenitor died. Suicide, Trip. She killed herself. You're damn right you are. And it's not just her. There's a child who won't be conceived because of this, at least not for a long while. It's time you learned to weigh the possible repercussions of your actions. You've always been impulsive. Maybe this will teach you a lesson. Do you? I'm not so sure you do. You knew you had no business interfering with those people, but you just couldn't let it alone. You thought you were doing the right thing. I might agree if this was Florida, or Singapore, but it's not, is it. We're in deep space and a person is dead. A person who'd still be alive if we hadn't made First Contact. I guess I haven't been very successful at getting through to you. If I had, you would have thought a lot harder before doing what you did. Dismissed. (Archer turns his back to look out of the porthole.)
They don't have a problem with us dropping by? Probably. I read that this colony started off twenty years ago with just thirty miners. Now there are over three thousand. They've got schools, landscaped communities, even some kind of museum. If my father were alive he wouldn't doubt it for a minute. We're making history with Archer here. We're on our way. [Shuttlepod] (The pod is descending towards an M-class looking planet with wispy cloud cover.) It wouldn't be very polite to ignite their atmosphere. When are you supposed to close the plasma ducts? Are you sure there's nothing left? Could one of the dampeners been malfunctioning? Have you tried hailing the colony? There has to be someone down there. That's impossible. There were thirty six hundred colonists. [Bridge] Have you finished the diagnostics? Well, get them done. You've had three hours. (to Tucker) What about the Enterprise sensor logs? They must have recorded how much tetrazine was in the atmosphere. Was the concentration greater than the Paraagans specified? Was it present at higher altitudes than it was supposed to be? What about the point of ignition? A plasma duct you're certain was closed. Then you'd better start re-examining those logs, because something doesn't add up here. Get me Admiral Forrest. This is not going to be fun. [Ready room] It's a by-product of their mining operation. It settles between forty five and fifty kilometres in their atmosphere. Exhaust plasma is about the only thing hot enough to ignite it. Yes, sir. We're doing everything we can to determine what went wrong, but that's not going to change the fact that there are thirty six hundred corpses down there. That should be my responsibility, sir. How do you tell all those families that We came here to meet these people, to learn something about them, not to kill them. What is it? Thank you. [Bridge] T'Pol. Trip. (They follow him out.) [Ready room] The mission's been cancelled. From what the Admiral tells me, Ambassador Soval will use this to convince Starfleet that we need another ten or twenty years before we try this again. Won't they? The Vulcan ship will meet us in three days to get you and Doctor Phlox. Please inform Mister Mayweather to head for these co-ordinates. Dismissed. I said you're dismissed. Both of you. [Mess hall] Come in. What was so important it couldn't wait till morning? No, I'm sorry. What have you got? (looking at PADD) It could be anything. In what? Does he think that Starfleet Command's going to take a look at this, apologise, and send us on our way? Tell him it was a nice try. You're out of line, Sub-Commander. I wish I was simply feeling sorry for myself, but actually, I'm feeling sorry for a whole lot of people. Every member of Starfleet, in fact. Their futures depended upon my ability to succeed at this mission. What's your point? Starfleet already bought their recommendation. Hook, line and sinker. And how do you suggest I do that? You know, this has got to be the first time a Vulcan has ever attempted to cheer up a human. Come on, Porthos. Time for bed. (He turns out Porthos? What's going on here? (comm. beep) Hello? Might want to sleep in. What do you say to breakfast at nine thirty, Spacedock cafeteria? See you in the morning. (to Porthos) If you're trying to tell me the last ten months was a dream, I'm not buying it. (He activates a monitor.) This is Captain Jonathan Archer, Starfleet authorisation alpha six four Do you have a Denobulan doctor in the Interspecies Medical Exchange? No, that's all right. Thanks for your help. (Ends Daniels. Commander Tucker told me you were dead, that Silik killed you. So, you're telling me you brought me back, what, ten months ago? How about Jonathan Archer ten months ago? Where's he? Then who just climbed into bed aboard Enterprise? That's a load of crap and you know it. Can't you ever give a straight answer? All right, try this one. Why am I here? I thought you were supposed to protect the timeline, not screw with it. Of course, it wasn't. It was an accident. Are you telling me that Enterprise didn't cause that explosion? It's kind of hard to forget. All senior staff report to the situation room in fifteen minutes. Mister Reed, I'd like you in my quarters immediately. [Situation room] (Reed comes in holding a eight-sided object about (handing it to T'Pol) If I'm not mistaken, you'll find this thing was designed to generate a plasma stream. Put a team together, Trip. I'll need two quantum beacons. They'll have to be positron-based and have an output of two hundred gigawatts apiece. Just get started. I'll bring you the specs in a few minutes. We're going to need our comm. frequencies on the fritz for a day or so. See to it. Put the Armoury on full alert. Turn the ship around, Travis. We're going back to the Paraagan colony. What are you all waiting for? It wasn't us, Trip. We didn't do it. [Engineering - Tucker's office] Exactly. Not if you generate a stable flux between the positron conductors. Then all you'll have to do is renormalise the tertiary wave functions. Remember Crewman Daniels? Well, for a cloud of vapour, he's one wealth of information. I just spent two hours with him. Not exactly. Listen, I'll explain later. Right now we've got to get back to building these beacons. The circuitry in there isn't compatible with our technology. We'll have to create an interface. We're going to be retrieving some Suliban data discs. I have no doubt you'll be able to handle the content, but before you can do that we'll have to find a way to access the data. Everything he's told me has checked out so far. I have no reason to doubt him this. Have they tried to hail us? I don't recall him having much time to pack before he left. I gave Daniels my word, Malcolm. We download the schematics for the Suliban Stealth Cruiser, nothing else. Just like those old Bible movies, Malcolm. It wasn't written. [Daniel's quarters] (Archer takes a case out of a cupboard and opens it on the desk. He removes a fat paddle-shaped device.) So far, Daniels is batting a thousand. (He puts it down and switches it on. It is a holographic database projector. He scrolls through the contents.) The Stealth Cruiser, Lieutenant. Nothing else. Trip? You follow the instructions? Go ahead. Have Mister Mayweather locate a binary system two point five light years away and set a course. Let's get these mounted on the grappler arms. [Bridge] Head for the smaller star, then the inner moon of the second planet. [Armoury] Bridge to Armoury. Have you plotted all the target points? Stand by. [Bridge] (to Tucker) I'll meet you two in the launch bay. (to T'Pol) If this goes well, I shouldn't be long. (to Travis) Lower the beacons. (to Hoshi) Modify the viewscreen. Bring up these coordinates. Full magnification. (They show a craggy landscape.) Activate the beacons. (A ship appears, docked to a station.) ARCHER: Right where they're supposed to be. They can see us, but they have no idea we can see through their cloak. Just keep on the same course, Travis. Malcolm? [Armoury] Now, Mister Reed. (Multiple phase cannon shots hit the cruiser.) [Armoury] Archer here. That last shot should have sealed off the two lower decks. If Daniels is right, there shouldn't be more than twenty Suliban for us to deal with. Go. (They enter a control room, and Trip throws out another stun grenade to stop anyone following them in.) Here. (He opens it up and Archer to Reed. We need some help here. [Armoury] What's the problem? Ignite the thrusters. Go to full power. (They finally rip free, leaving Suliban floating in vacuum.) Archer to Mayweather. Set a course back ward the Vulcan ship. Go to warp four as soon as we're aboard. Hoshi? I can't believe how close they got. Just long enough to attach this and cloak it. Good work. Keep at it. Get me Admiral Forrest. [Ready room] It's all on three data discs we took from a cloaked Suliban Cruiser. I've got friends in high places. Thank you for believing in us, Admiral. Archer out. [Temporal chamber - Suliban Helix] It was ten months ago. He brought me back ten months, but I knew everything I know now. How is that possible? Well, good for the Vulcan Science Directorate. Maybe they can tell me how I woke up yesterday knowing exactly where that Suliban ship was, or how I suddenly had the ability to construct a quantum beacon to see through its cloak. And while they're at it, they might as well tell me how I knew where to find those discs. Why don't you give me another explanation? Because there isn't one. I got a call from Trip, something about inspection pods. It was the exact same call I got the day before they found Klaang. Word for word. Listen. I never thought this was possible, either, but I travelled through time and I need you to believe me. Because it's hard enough trying to fathom all this without having my Science Officer, a colleague who I trust and rely on, the person who got me to stop feeling sorry for myself, accusing me of being an hallucinating madman. Yes? What's the problem? Looks okay to me. Load torpedoes, and stand by all weapons. Deploy the beacons, Travis. Modify the Viewscreen and aim the beacons aft. (The viewscreen shows six green blobs in formation just beyond the nacelles.) Swing them down slowly. (Another six blobs come into view.) Charge the phase cannons. Put it through. Malcolm? How many could you take out? What do you want with me? How do I know you won't destroy Enterprise either way? (to T'Pol) I'm placing you in command. I advise you to maintain your present course and speed. I don't know what's going to happen, but try to keep an open mind. Especially when it comes to things the Vulcan Science Directorate says are impossible. T'Pol's in command now, Trip. Do whatever you n to help her. That goes for all of you. (to Hoshi) Keep an eye on Porthos for me, would you? Remember, no cheese. (Archer steps into turbolift, and walks out into - a devastated building.) Where am I? Where is here? You said the Suliban wouldn't follow us, that we'd make it safely to the Vulcan ship. So you're telling me this just happened? It doesn't look like it just happened. If bringing me here caused this, then send me back. I'll take my chances with Silik.
I found a new system in the Vulcan database. Coridan. They're only a few light years away so I thought we'd take a look. Just over three billion humanoids. Apparently, the Vulcans have a mining agreement with them. I had Hoshi send a message to their Chancellor and she invited us to visit their capital city. I think I'll just take Hoshi, this time. The Chancellor asked me to limit the number of people I bring down until they get to know us better. It's really too bad. According to the database, they've got the largest starship construction yards in the sector. They're supposed to have ships that can run circles around the Vulcans. They say some Coridan ships have reached warp seven, but that's just a rumour. You should lend Hoshi your camera. I'll be sure she takes lots of pictures. (Archer finally cracks and grins.) You're just too easy a target. Go ahead. Was anyone killed? How are the Vulcans taking this? I can't really blame the Andorians for reacting this way. If the roles were reversed the Vulcans might have done the same thing. That's the same crap the Vulcans used to say about us. I understand. Come in. Have a seat. (T'Pol sits.) I just spoke with Admiral Forrest. There's no easy way to say this. The Andorians destroyed the sanctuary at P'Jem. Fortunately, the monks and the intelligence operatives were given advance warning. They're fine. I don't know. The High Command believes we're to blame for this. They're sending a ship to take you back to Vulcan. It'll be here in two days. Maybe I wasn't clear. This isn't a temporary transfer. They're reassigning you. Am I the only one who has a problem with this? Because you seem perfectly fine. The High Command is looking for a scapegoat, someone to blame. They can't punish me so they're taking it out on my science officer. Sounds like an emotional reaction, if you ask me. Don't give yourself too much credit. I was the one who found P'Jem in the database, and I led the landing party. I want you to know I'm filing a protest with the High Command. You don't know that. They have no right to do this to you. You're a part of my crew. No. [Corridor] Sorry, Trip, but I've got to take T'Pol on this one. I need to spend some time with her alone. T'Pol's being transferred. A Vulcan ship's on its way to take her back. Meet me for lunch. I'll fill you in. [Mess hall] So, what do you know about Coridan? I wasn't asking for the statistics. Your people have been coming here for decades. You must know something about their culture, the kinds of food they eat, what they do for fun. Of course not. These people have never seen humans before. It makes sense for someone with a familiar face to make the introductions. Don't worry, I'll get you back in plenty of time. I just thought you might enjoy one final mission with your Captain. Or maybe I should just take you back to Enterprise. Go ahead, Trip. I got it. Did the Chancellor say anything about sending an escort? (hit by weapons fire) I'm taking evasive action. Bring the plasma weapons online. Fire. (They miss.) [Room] (Water pours through gaps in the roof, light shines through holes in the corrugated walls.) Houdini could get out of this. (The pair are thoroughly trussed up back to back, with bags over their heads.) Harry Houdini was a magician, an escape artist. He was famous for being able to free himself from any kind of restraint. Rope, chains, anything. That's why he was called a magician. Some people say he was double-jointed. I don't suppose Vulcans are double-jointed. If you want answers, talk to me. That's right. I'm human, from the planet Earth. There's been a misunderstanding. We're here at the invitation of your Chancellor. It's a phase pistol. Our protein resequencer can make chicken sandwiches. (He gets hit for his cheek.) A steward? [Situation room] Ready? Go. (They try to stand by pushing against each other.) Easy. (With their feet tied together, it's difficult.) Come on. Go. (They try again and fall on their sides.) I think we got a little higher that time. That's not frustration I hear in your voice. Good. Let's try it again. One, two, three. (They get back to a sitting position.) Ready? Go. (They succeed in standing.) I think these are starting to come loose. How about yours? We might be able to untie these knots. You'd think the Vulcan database might have mentioned these people were fighting a civil war. (T'Pol wriggles her way around his side within the ropes around their waists.) I imagine your people are going to want their database back, too. Well, they can have it. (They are finally face to face.) Can you reach the knot? You're not responsible for what happened. You didn't have any idea that your people had installed a listening post, or that there were Andorian commandos there. I think I understand. You're running away because you're afraid to become one of us. Then why aren't you fighting this transfer? (Still reaching behind each other,) Your people took something away from my father that meant a lot to him. They're not going to do the same thing to me. (They overbalance, and she lands on top on him. Finally they get free of each other and start to release their own legs, but the door opens and a guard comes in. Archer tackles him and takes him down.) Go get his weapon. We can't eat like this. (The guard leaves.) Friendly. (He has to lie down on the floor to get a finger to the bowl.) Can you pick up yours? Dig in, Sub-commander. I don't think you'll be able to send this back for some plomeek broth. I didn't ask if you were hungry. You need to keep up your strength, so eat. That's an order. (She lies down and dips a finger in the stuff. Archer discovers a red flashing light in his bowl.) Look at this. [Bridge] Trip? Just the two of you? He couldn't have picked a better time. That won't be a problem. [Compound gate] Get down. (They lie on the floor.) [Compound] What's going on? Tucker unties Archer while Shran frees T'Pol.) (getting a hand up from Shran) Thanks. Seems you went to a lot of trouble to return it. Look, we're all on the same side here. (T'Pol sees Traeg aim a weapon at Sopek, so she moves to push him aside and gets shot in the back herself. Shran and Tholos shoot the would-be assassin.) Let's get her to the ship.  She's still my Science Officer. Is the pod close? Let's go. (They head out.) I know how you must feel. She saved my life once too. She can be a real pain in the ass. Stubborn, arrogant. Sometimes she makes me angry enough, I want to shove her out an airlock. I can understand why the High Command's upset, but it took a lot of courage to step in front of that plasma bullet. Do you really want to take her back home in disgrace? I'm not asking anyone to pin a medal on her. All I'm asking is that she be given a second chance. If a respected Vulcan captain went before the High Command and made a plea on T'Pol's behalf, told them how she saved the life of a superior officer, wouldn't they think twice about this transfer? Thank you. (Sopek and his aide leave. T'Pol has been revived by a hypospray and is trying to sit up.) Whoa, whoa, whoa. You were shot. Don't you remember? He's all right, thanks to you. You made quite an impression on Sopek. I've got a feeling he's going to talk to the High Command about that transfer order. I'd say the odds are pretty good you're going to be with us for a while longer. It's probably not too late if you want to catch up to him.
I've got my eye on a place called Suraya Bay. Villas built right into the cliffs. A perfect spot to enjoy a few good books. Might even do a little diving when I (comm. beep) Computer, pause. Archer. Any idea who it is? Go ahead. I'll be right there. (to Porthos) Looks like your walk on the beach will have to wait. [Corridor] (Archer is talking with a tall humanoid in flowing robes, with a Your warp injectors were full of it. Unless you enjoy being adrift in the middle of nowhere. He wanted me to thank you. It isn't every day he gets to tinker with alien engines. We also found a microfracture on your starboard hull. They're sealing it now. We were glad to help. If we can. That's very generous, but I promised my crew a trip to Risa. If I put them off much longer, I'm going to have a mutiny on my hands. Geskana? Send me the coordinates. I'll break the news to my crew. It's not like you to pass up an away mission. Trip. What about the two weeks we spent in Australia? We had a great time. It's not going to be like that. I get the feeling Zobral's a man who likes to indulge his guests. He's promised to roll out the red carpet for us. It'll be more fun than purging impulse manifolds. Well, suit yourself. I'll see if Malcolm's interested. But I was hoping you'd enjoy spending some time with your captain. It's a dry heat. (He opens the hatch and they get out.) [Encampment] Good to be here. You remember Commander Tucker. Quite a few, but none as big as this one. Please. It's very good. When Trip and I did our survival training, in the desert, we never ate this well. Doesn't seem to be bothering you now. It's challenging at times, but that's why we're out here. Only once. We were attacked by a hostile species with a lot more firepower than Enterprise. I set a course back to Earth to upgrade our weapons, but we ended up having to do the repairs ourselves. It's had its share of surprises. Beautiful tapestries. That one's interesting. No, no, no. I couldn't. You're far too generous. Besides, I wouldn't have any place to hang it. Thank you. (A gong sounds.) I can't promise we'll win any trophies. Thanks. (They remove their hats, sunglasses and tops, and join the game.) [Bridge] You all right? Next time I'll set you up with a no-look pass. (communicator chirps) Archer. Can it wait? We're a little busy at the moment. Hold on a minute. (to Zobral) It's my Science Officer. She says it's important. Do you mind? What's the problem? What kind of danger? Maybe I'm wrong, but they don't seem like terrorists to me. [Bridge] We're on our way. (Ends transmission.) The problem with being a starship captain is you're never really off duty. I'm afraid we have to cut our visit short. Problem with the starboard engine. T'Pol says she needs us up there right away. Remember those impulse manifolds you said needed purging? You were right. I wish we did. We'll come back if there's time, I promise. I take it those days are over. You said you brought me down here for a reason. I have a feeling it wasn't to hear a history lesson. I really don't see what I can do for you. I don't know what you've heard about me, but I think you've been misled. What about them? Archer. (almost inaudible under static) We've taken shelter. Should be Archer to Enterprise. Enterprise. Respond. (gives up) Rough game. Better have Doctor Phlox take a look at it when we get back. (Another explosion pours sand through the ceiling) I was thinking about those Suliban prisoners. If we hadn't helped them escape, we wouldn't be in this situation. What is it? There's just one problem. Zobral. I get the feeling he's not going to take no for an answer. (A very close detonation brings the I thought you hated the desert. You're going to have to yell a little louder than that. It was east of the camp. We're heading east. About thirty kilometres. It looked abandoned. That's because you forgot your survival training. Take a good look on your way in at your surroundings. Trip. What? I think the heat's getting to you. No. Something a lot bigger. (When the alien ship flies over, the pair have covered themselves in sand for camouflage.) You all right? Come on. Come on. We got to keep moving. Come on. We're almost there. Heat exhaustion. Here. Come here. (He makes Tucker drink.) ARCHER: Here. There You drink it. That's an order. Take the water, or I'll knock you on your ass and pour it down your throat. Easy. (Tucker drinks, and empties that one too.) Easy. (sniffs and recoils) Water's off the menu. I found a new use for the stun setting. It may not taste too good, but I think I boiled away anything that can hurt us. Let's not get into that argument again. (Tucker takes a mouthful and spits it out.) You need water. You've got a fever, Trip. Your heart's racing, you've got all the symptoms of heatstroke. If you fall asleep, you could lapse into a coma. When we get back to Enterprise you can sleep all you want, but right now, you got to stay with me and drink this water. If I had a needle I'd give it you intravenously, but I don't. Come on, sit up. Here you go. Good. Commander. The warp reactor. Break it down for me. What are the eight major components? Name them. That's an order. Not at the moment, but when we get back to Enterprise I'll have Chef make you a dinner you'll never forget. What would you like? Anything. No, Chef doesn't do snake very well. Tell me what you want. Okay, what else? No problem. What kind of vegetables? Hey, vegetables? Dessert? Geography. Do you know how to play? You know, you say Amazon River, which ends in an R and then I say Rhode Island. No. No, it's a game. You're supposed to tell me some place that starts with a D. X? X. No, no, don't tell me. I know an X. Xanadu. It doesn't matter. You just used an alien planet, Draylax. (Tucker starts coughing, Get down! (There is a very close bang and more of the ruins fall down.) We got to get out of here. Come on. [Shuttlepod] Come on. Come on. [Shuttlepod] I don't remember taking orders from you. (He puts down Tucker and gets out his phase pistol, then sees that it's the shuttlepod coming in to land, picks Tucker up again and heads for it. T'Pol helps Tucker in and sees to him while Zobral extends his arm to Archer.) [Launch bay] I doubt I'll ever convince him to set foot on another desert, but he'll be fine. Zobral, even if I were the warrior you thought I was, that's not why we're out here. I know. The irony is, I have the feeling his cause is worth fighting for. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
We couldn't do this in my ready room? (Tucker has a camera.) Just take the picture. Do Vulcan captains have their portraits hanging at the High Command? Why can't they just use a photo from my file? I thought there weren't any systems along this course. Put it up. (A black disc against the stars.) Magnify. Lay in a course. Let's take a closer look. Give it a rest, Trip. Oases. Any people? Try to hail them. We should be right over that ship. I used to say I could land a shuttlepod with my eyes closed. It doesn't have to be. [Jungle] (Despite being in permanent darkness, the tropical large leaved foliage is shown green in the torchlight.) Why don't you let me play Captain for a while, Malcolm? This reminds me of the rain forest in New Zealand. I earned my wilderness merit badge there. I was an Eagle Scout. Really? How many merit badges? Twenty six. We spot any more creatures like that and we'll earn our Exobiology badges. Anyone home? We're from the Starship Enterprise. Is there anyone here? You and Malcolm check it out. We'll stay here in case anyone shows up. [Jungle] (As they move through the jungle, we get the idea they are being watched.) Everything's fine. These are the Eska. (By the firelight we see the aliens have high ridged noses extending into their foreheads.) This is T'Pol, my science officer, and Lieutenant Malcolm Reed. We're just here to explore. We'd like to stay for a while, if that's all right. It's a big planet. We could find another landing site, but I was hoping you might enjoy the company. (Later, sharing a meal) You aren't exactly roughing it. Hunting went out of style on Earth over a hundred years ago. That doesn't mean we don't appreciate your hospitality. It's up to our hosts. (Damrus raises his mug to say yes.) Captain's starlog, supplemental. Trip and Malcolm are bringing Hoshi back to Enterprise and putting together some camping gear to bring back to the surface. [Launch bay] Sensible. Very much. Thanks for sharing your camp with us. Good night. I think I'll sit up for a while. Yeah. (Later, he's just about asleep, lying against a fallen tree.) Hello? (Archer gets up to investigate.) Is someone there? Who's there? (He sees a blonde woman in a long blue dress, then she runs away.  Later, everyone's awake and Damrus is fingering a wicked looking blade.) Are there any others in your hunting party? I'm sure. (comm. beep) Archer. Thanks, Travis. Archer out. (Shiraht returns from the jungle with T'Pol and Reed.) She was young, long blonde hair. She was wearing some kind of a nightgown. It wasn't a dream. She said my name. She knew who I was and, I think I knew her. There was something about her. I, I've seen her before. She was real. What's the hurry? Could be worth checking out while Malcolm's on his safari. Yes, fine. Reminds me of Yellowstone. Permission granted. Stay in contact. (He turns off his night monocle as she leaves.) I wasn't hallucinating. I know. Trip, have you ever known me to do anything foolish? I mean, really foolish? Last night I walked into an alien jungle, alone, chasing a woman who couldn't possibly have been there. It was like I was being drawn to her. Like I didn't have any control over what I was doing. I can't explain it. Who are you? (Archer gets out his communicator and switches on the UT.) How do you know my name? You're speaking English. I know you. How is that possible? You said you needed me. Why? Different? (She seems to hear something that bothers her.) What is it? (The hunters fire at something.) What's wrong? I don't want to harm you. Then who? Who wants to harm you? Fine. Just taking some scans. (Two Eska are pursing their prey when one is attacked by the giant slug.) [Campsite] (Burzaan is on a stretcher, screaming in pain.) Archer to Enterprise. Tell Doctor Phlox to stand by. We've got a doctor on board our ship. I've alerted him to stand by. Let's get him back to the shuttlepod. You and Malcolm go with him. I'm not ready to leave. [Archer's tent] Thanks. T'Pol, come in. I saw her again, near the thermal vents. She spoke to me. She said she needed me. I think someone may be trying to hurt her. And have Doctor Phlox take a look at me? There are no psychotropic compounds here. (He hands ove ar PADD.) I wasn't hallucinating, and I wasn't dreaming. I don't know what she is. I know it's not possible for her to be human, but she's appearing to me for a reason and I'm going to figure out what it is. I'm going to find her. No. I have to. She's chosen to communicate with me. I don't know why, but I don't think she'd reveal herself if anyone else was around. What? Hello? Are you there? (He starts scanning, then turns it and the torch off.) I'm alone. (He starts to walk but something has hold of his arm.) You're not a hallucination. You're real. I can touch you. But you're not human, are you. Human, like me. We? There are more of you? Where? I haven't seen others. I see a beautiful woman. How do you know what I want? (She touchs his temple.) You're telepathic. That's how you know my language. Then you must know why I'm so drawn to you. Why I feel like I know you. From where? Why did you choose me? You said that before. How? Who am I different from? You mean the Eska. To hunt. It was no problem, really. To good hunting tomorrow. All those imaging sensors and you couldn't see where they went? Then why travel light years to hunt here? Seems like a long way to come just to shoot a few wild pigs. Boar, wolves, some large reptiles. It doesn't seem that different. What are you talking about? Come on, fellas. That seems pretty far-fetched. But she looked human. How do you catch them? They know damn well what they're doing. Hunting wild boar is one thing, but they're killing a sentient species. Unless we find a more permanent solution. The hunters said the shape-shifters emit a chemical signature when they're afraid. That's what gives them away. You have a sample of their cells. Can you find a way to mask that chemical? That would shield them from the hunters' scans. We may not be able to stop them from hunting here, but we could level the playing field. [Mess hall] Trip. No, thanks. Do you know any poetry? When I was a kid, if I had trouble sleeping my mother would recite a poem to me. There was one I always asked for. Had a funny name.  The Song of the Wandering Aengus. I didn't learn till I was older that it was by Yeats. 'I went out to the hazel wood Because a fire was in my head.' Anyway, the man in the poem catches a fish, and it turns into a beautiful woman with apple blossoms in her hair. She calls his name and then vanishes. He spends the rest of his life searching for her. His vision of perfection, I suppose. Something he could never quite find. It's her. When I listened to the poem I must have created an image of that woman in my mind. I haven't thought about it in years. That's why I didn't recognise her at first. She isn't someone that I ever knew, she's someone I imagined as a child. The elusive woman from the poem. I don't know. Archer. I'll be right there. She may just be something I envisioned a long time ago, but I'll be damned if I'm going to let anyone shoot her. [Jungle] (Yhe hunters are in pursuit of a quarry, and shooting as they go.) How was the hunt? Any luck? We wanted to take a few more scans before we left. Is everything all right? Sorry to hear it. Looks like you won't be taking home any trophies this year. I guess we must be bad luck. [Thermal vents] Are you there? They're gone. Did you give the others the masking agent? It'll keep you safe. I know who you are. Thank you for reminding me. I won't. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Come in. Shush. Hear that? A squeak. Something's squeaking. I think it's coming from under the deck plating, but every time I get close to it, it stops. If I can't isolate it I'm going to have to tear the whole flooring up. How about the Vulcan star charts? There are thousands of star systems along this path. There must have been something that piqued your people's interest. A sentient species, a trinary star cluster. Vulcans always need a logical and pragmatic reason. I took exobiology, I know the statistics, but we're travelling at warp five. There's got to be someone out here. Come in. (squeak) Trip tells me that sluggo's not faring too well. Yes. Wrong way? Because you're on the You got it. Can't have my comm. officer falling asleep on the Bridge. Is there something else, Hoshi? How's it going? Are you sure it's not the simulations that are off? How long would it take to arm a few torpedoes? Archer to T'Pol. Prepare to drop out of warp. It's time for a little target practice. Come on, Travis. We've got to find Mister Reed something to blow up. [Deleted scene - Corridor] Try to locate an asteroid field, a comet. Just do it quickly, I want to get back to warp. Which ends in a D. Dralax. Now there's always That's not a real place. Of course it matters. (as they get into the turbolift) I thought you said this game kept you from arguing. [Bridge] (A torpedo sails serenely past an asteroid.) Load another one. Let's try again. Mister Reed. (Reed gets it to self-destruct in time.) How long will that take? Resume course, Ensign. We're not going to sit on our butt for twenty four hours. Make your modifications. We'll run another test first chance we get. [Mess hall] Doesn't seem to be moving very fast. That's odd. Where's the nearest star system? We insist. [Bridge] (A long vessel is on the viewscreen.) Any comm. activity? Run this through the translation matrix. My name is Jonathan Archer. I'm Captain of the Starship Enterprise. We're on a mission of peaceful exploration. Oh, we come from the planet Earth. We're sending you a pulsar grid that should help you locate our star system. Did you rotate the frequencies? Go ahead. (He zooms the viewscreen image.) Bring us in a little closer, Travis. Let's get a look at the other side. Those look like scorch marks. You mean weapons. Are we close enough to scan for biosigns? Anything? (Hoshi shakes her head.) See if you can find another hatch. Diameter? Scan for biosigns. Humanoid? Mister Reed, how long to prep a shuttle? Get started. Suit up, Ensign. (to T'Pol) The ship is yours. [Corridor] Is there a problem, Commander? I'm bringing a translator and a security officer. Why would I need an engineer? We've got beacons, Trip. We're not breaking in. We're just going to see if everything's okay. We just got out here, Trip. There's going to be plenty of time to go exploring. Right now I need you on Enterprise, down with your engine. This ship's a little young to be without her Chief Engineer. [Archer's quarters] (dictating and eating) When I used to dream about this mission, the last thing I envisioned was having a Vulcan on board who continuously sucked the air out of the room. Well, she's right. Whoever's on that ship might no want us nosing around. But I can't assume that's the case, can I? Maybe they could use our help. Computer, pause. (to Porthos) Hey, you know that you and cheddar don't get along. (gives him a piece anyway) Resume personal log. Before we left, Admiral Forrest said we'd be making history with every light year, but we're not going to do that sitting on our hands. Computer pause. Come in. Ensign. It's not a problem. Cheese? Everything work out all right? With the swapping quarters. Can't you tie your universal translator into the database through the comm? Well, I'd rather wait a few seconds if it means having you on site. For all we know, the UT won't work. You'll be our only back-up. Anyway, it should be exciting. Half the crew would give their eye teeth to be going over there. What's wrong? Claustrophobic. And you took a job on a spaceship? I don't recall reading about any problems during your zero-g training. Well you're just going to have to bite your lip again. I need you over there. What is it, Hoshi? Is something else wrong? Hang on, I'll come with you. That's the last time, Porthos. (He throws the dog some cheese.) [Launch bay - suit locker] Going to war, Lieutenant? You've seen too many science fiction movies. We just need the three phase pistols. Put the rifles back. (to Hoshi) What are you rated for? Malcolm will check you out on it first chance he gets. Don't worry, it handles pretty much like an EM-33. Just a precaution. [Shuttlepod hatchway] (The pod has docked with the ship and they are trying to get inside.) Hold on a second, Malcolm. (He pulls at a couple of protruding Come on. Nitrogen-methane atmosphere, and it's cold. Minus twenty degrees. Molecules look like amino acids. (at a schematic of the ship) Guys, does any of this make sense to you? Anything? And these could be transfer conduits. Could be a schematic to their power layout. Let's go see if we're right.(They go on down to the source of a rhythmic noise.) Whatever it is, it hasn't been here very long. (Hoshi screams, and we see figures hanging upside down with tubes coming from them to Stay here. Are they all? I don't know. About a dozen. They're being drained of something. Whoever did it went to a lot of trouble. My guess is they're coming back. There are fifteen dead people over there. We can't leave. You're telling me that we should just leave them there? Archer to the Bridge. Go to warp three. Resume course. Chef told me. I don't remember. Sure, thanks. Humanoid. They were in uniform. They were crewmen, murdered on their own ship. Fifteen dead crewmen. What's the matter, the tension bothering you? Must be great not to let things bother you. No remorse, no guilt. What if they were Vulcans? Think you would have reacted the same way? I said, what if they were Vulcans. Would you have just left them there, hanging like slaughtered animals? Don't you think maybe you would have taken them down, tried to figure out who they were, made some effort to contact their families? We didn't even try. (to Tucker) What about you, what if they were humans? Would you just stick your tail between your legs and run, leave them there to rot? Am I the only one who's having a problem with this? So we should avoid confrontation cost, is that what you're saying? Is that what you Vulcans do? Bury your heads in the sand and then just fly on by? You got an answer for everything, don't you. You may not believe this, but humans have a code of behaviour too. It took a few thousand years, but I think we're starting to get it right. I can't believe I almost ignored it. [Situation room] You don't have a problem with the environmental suit? Good. We're going to need you to examine the bodies, try to identify their species. While you're at it, it wouldn't hurt if you can figure out what's being done to them. (to Tucker) You wanted to see what's going on over there. Now's your chance. I can't think of a better way to find their people than through their own comm. system. You're going to need to get it up and running. Hoshi will decipher their language and compose a message. Hopefully it'll make sense. I'm sorry, Ensign. There's no one over there who can hurt us. Stay here and work on those targeting scanners. Prepare to suit up at fourteen hundred hours. Dismissed. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How were they killed? What? What for? Aphrodisiac? Humans used to collect the bile of black bears, grind down rhino horns, things like that, but not people. Go ahead. Time to go, Doc. (Archer fires his phase pistol at Archer to T'Pol. Deploy the docking arm. [Bridge] How close are they? What kind of weapons? Have you tried hailing them? Try again. (The pod docks.) [Bridge] We're almost in. Stand by to jump to warp. (Lots of weapons fire. The pod is jolted off the arm. Hoshi closes the porthole shutter as they try again. Success.) Doors. [Launch bay] (They climb out of the top of the shuttlepod onto a drop-down metal stairway.) Archer to the Bridge. It doesn't feel like we've gone to warp. Have Malcolm arm the torpedoes. [Bridge] Report. Malcolm? Stand by starboard tube. Fire. (The torpedo bounces off the enemy ship.) ARCHER: Stand by port tube. Fire. (The other ship shoots it down.) ARCHER: Trip, warp status? [Engineering] Get to the Armoury. Start distributing hand weapons. (Reed gets up to leave) Post security teams at level Let's see it. Put it up. (The viewscreen shows a living member of the alien species.) He's from the same species as the murdered crew. (to Hoshi) They must have picked up your distress call. Tell him the ship above us killed the crew of the cargo vessel. They're about to do the same to us. What do you mean? Use the impulse engines. Get us the hell out of here. We needed their frequencies. Going there was the only way to find them. Two years ago? The pumps. Tell them to run scans on the bio-pumps that are hooked up to the corpses. They'll see they're not our technology. Have them compare the power signatures to the ship that's about to land on our roof. Where are they, Malcolm? Then forget the translator. Do it yourself. Talk to him. Things can't get much worse. Hoshi, Hoshi, I need you to do this. We all do. That's why you're here. (Hoshi stands in front of the viewscreen, very nervous.) Again. What'd he say? Ensign. (The iewscreen changes to an image of the small ship firing on the nasty one.) Move us away. Granted. (One satisfying explosion on the enemy ship then the
Starfleet thinks it will be covered with erupting volcanoes by the end of the week. Admiral Forrest assures me it's only a temporary detour. Set a course.  Come in. Several, actually. Please. What's on your mind? Of course. I think we can manage without you for a few days. Your folks'll be surprised to see you. Nothing serious, I hope. I thought you told me your mother was the chief engineer. (Both sit.) I guess they have to wear a lot of hats to keep those old ships running. There was a time when I gave serious thought to serving on a cargo ship. It was a few years before Starfleet was chartered. Long story. I'll tell you the next time we have breakfast. After we dock, I'll have Phlox go over with you, have him take a look at your father.  Mind if I join you? I haven't been up here since we launched. Come here a lot? Commander Tucker told me what happened. I'm sorry. The civilian channels can be pretty slow. I'm sure it wasn't easy for him when you left, but I know for a fact that he was proud of you. Did he ever tell you about the letter he sent me? It was almost two and a half years ago. There were a few candidates I was looking at for helm officer. I was having a little trouble deciding, so I contacted their former COs hoping for a more personal evaluation. He wrote the shortest recommendation. Just one sentence. He said he'd never met a more natural stick and rudder man in his life and I'd be a fool if I didn't choose you. When I saw how you handled yourself at the helm, I knew he was right. How long until the show begins? Get started. I'd like to share our pictures with Starfleet, give Admiral Forrest a front-row seat. Wouldn't miss it. Might be a good idea for you to go, too. It might be fun, and a little fraternising couldn't hurt. It's a communal experience. Tell you what, let's make a night of it. Dinner in the Captain's Mess eighteen hundred, movie at nineteen thirty. You'll be my date. I'll be a perfect gentleman. And if you don't like the movie, I'll never ask you to sit through another one. [Horizon Bridge] What are you doing? I thought you were going to give this a chance. They try and scare you to see how well you suppress your emotions. Gets the heart pumping. You never did give us your opinion of the movie. I don't recall anyone greeting a Vulcan ambassador with torches and pitchforks. They didn't know what to expect. Maybe inviting her to movie night wasn't such a great idea. Go ahead. Take us up another five thousand kilometres. I thought it was uninhabited. See what you can learn about them. [Horizon Bridge] (The expected cruiser has arrived.)  Welcome back. (He shakes Travis' hand) How's your family? We spotted some damage on their port cargo modules. You sure everything's all right?
Thank you, Admiral. (the applause dies down, and Archer steps to the rostrum) I've been told that people are calling us heroes. When it comes to my crew, you won't get any argument from me. But I think it's important that we remember the heroes who aren't with us. the twenty seven crewmen who didn't make it back. Without their sacrifice, I wouldn't be standing here right now. None of us would. But I'm sure I speak on behalf of my entire crew when I say it's good to be home. [Club] (Archer strolls in, in civvies.) Scotch. I heard about your promotion. Congratulations, Captain. Cheers. You'll be at the debriefing tomorrow, won't you? I wouldn't want to spoil any surprises. Besides, I've got more important questions. Seen any good movies while I was gone? I don't see a ring. I hope you don't mind if I steal some of these improvements. You might want to talk to someone about installing a lumbar support. You're going to spend a lot of hours in that chair. Ventral and dorsal torpedo launchers, pulsed phase cannons. I had an argument once with Captain Jefferies. He was one of the designers of the NX-Class. I told him I didn't want to be in command of a warship trying to make first contact with new species. Jefferies was right. We needed those weapons, and a hell of a lot more. [Starfleet HQ] (The debriefing session.) The asteroids were loaded with trellium ore. We think the Vulcans entered the field in order to mine it. It's an alloy that protects against spatial anomalies. Ships in the Expanse used it to insulate their hulls. They attacked us the minute we docked. The trellium had a toxic effect on the Vulcans. It damaged their neural pathways. They lost the ability to suppress their emotions. The breach was an accident. We were trying to disable their power grid. There was no point. They were too far gone. Phlox made that determination. There was nothing we could do for them. I couldn't help them! No. What the hell does that mean? I just told you exactly what led to the ship's destruction. I'm not going to sit here and be accused of murdering those people. Maybe that crew would still be alive if you'd been a little more helpful. You did everything you could to sabotage our mission. I got more help from the Andorians than I ever got from the High Command. This planet would be a cloud of dust right now if we'd listened to you. How can you be taking his side? They don't lift a finger to help us and now I have to justify myself to that son of a bitch? With all due respect, Admiral, I don't need a vacation. Mind if I ask what you're doing here? I'm not counting. Look what over? You may want to find someone with more field experience, a MACO. If I were you, I'd talk to General Casey about assigning an entire squad. (going up a sheer face, using pitons and ropes) Things have changed since Enterprise left Spacedock. You'll spend a lot of your time boldly going into battle. Did you read my reports? Mountain lion. Tracks are a few days old. How about that? Just to the left of Polaris. We found our first M-class planet around that star. I doubt it. The air was filled with a psychotropic compound. After breathing it for a few hours, my senior officers nearly killed each other. Maybe the Vulcans were right. Maybe we weren't ready. Look what it's gotten us. We almost lost Earth. If we weren't out there stirring up trouble, seven million people might still be alive. I'm not sure there's much of a difference. No, we need them. But look at the Vulcans. They're not explorers. They keep their ships close to home. You never know who's going to come calling. Well, maybe you'll feel differently after you've delivered a few dozen eulogies. [T'Pol's family home - living room] I'm not even sure what all right means anymore. You want to know why I'm out here? I figured this is the last place I'd run into anyone who'd want to shake my hand or take my picture or tell me I'm an inspiration to their children. If they knew what I'd done. Does that include torture? Or marooning a ship full of innocent people? Because I don't remember reading those chapters in the handbook. Why not? Are you telling me I have some kind of a death wish? What was that? You remember that planet I told you about? There was a mountain range on the southern continent. The view was almost as amazing as this. I think the view is fine from here. I'm glad you tagged along. What's that? Well, I was your superior officer. It wasn't appropriate. You're forgetting the climber's code. [Sickbay] (In Spacedock, the external repairs to Enterprise are almost complete.) Ambassador. I want to apologise for what I said to you the other day. I was out of line. I'm glad we can finally agree on something.
One quarter impulse. Degra mentioned a security net. The planetoid we passed on the way in, put us on the other side of it. Let's see them. (A mixture of Reptilian and Humanoid designs.) Magnify the lead ship. Show me the warp signature. Degra. [Degra's ship] (Drinks are being poured.) What about the insectoid shuttle? We could fly in, try to locate where the weapon's being completed. Take them. I want to launch as soon as we can. [Insectoid shuttle] (Hovering in the launch bay.) Just get in there, find this thing, scan it and get out. Remember, whatever information you gather won't do us any good unless you bring it back. Good luck. Open a channel. Trip? (The shuttle scrapes Enterprise's hull.) [Insectoid shuttle] No problem. I'll send you the bill. [Insectoid shuttle] (The ride smoothes out.) Keep a sensor lock for as long as you can. [Insectoid shuttle] Where's it coming from? Let's see it. Malcolm. Have they sent out a transmission? How long? Target the facility. We can't risk it. Fire. (A single torpedo obliterates it.) [Insectoid shuttle] We're talking about a one-way trip. Forget it. I'll be flying the mission. How soon can you get it ready? Get started. Meet me in the Launch Bay in thirty minutes. I'm going to need some flying lessons. Daniels. Where am I? I'm going to assume you brought me here for a good reason. I've seen it before. You know about the alien we found, the test subject? We came to the same conclusion. The Federation? You've mentioned them before. They want the Xindi to destroy us. They're about to deploy their weapon. I can't let that happen. My concern is with preventing the deaths of billions of people. If that's a problem for history, then history will have to suffer. I won't do that! You've made your share of mistakes. Send me back. Send me back now! Why are you giving this to me? I won't. [Corridor] We both know it's from the future. I'm going ahead with the mission. You don't think I should. That's if you accept Daniels' version of the future. I thought you were the sceptical one when it came to time travel. What am I supposed to do? Fly a shuttle into the system and knock on the door, tell the Xindi we want to talk? The weapon is too close to being launched. If the situation were different maybe I'd consider it, but I can't. I wish that were true. [Degra's ship] I think they were built for someone with compound eyes. I'll take that as a compliment. Go ahead. An hour ago I gave the command to kill three Xindi in cold blood. A month ago I had Phlox create a living being in order to use some of it's tissue, then I watched him put it to death. I'm saying I won't order anyone else to die. [Sickbay] (Archer enters with Porthos under one arm, and his basket and bowl under the other.) I hate to add to this menagerie of yours, Doc. Just don't harvest any part of him. Do me a favour. Slip him a piece of cheese every now and then. I've always been much better at avoiding farewells than giving them, so I'm not even going to try, but I'm going to ask all of you to think back to the day when this ship was first launched. We were explorers then. When all this is over, when Earth is safe, I want you to get back to that job. There are four hundred billion stars in our galaxy. We've only explored a tiny fraction. You have a lot of work to do. Of all the Captains who will sit in this chair, I can't imaging any of them being more proud than I am right now. (The shuttle is launched.) Archer to Enterprise. I'm heading in. (A little later.) Repeat the question. I wish I could help you, but my superiors keep me in the dark about these things. (He gets hit again.) I thought that was your specialty. Let me guess. Stinking up the room? Including the Xindi? Friend of yours? You must be very proud. I'll bet you didn't know this, but at one time most of my world was ruled by reptiles. A comet hit, around sixty five million years ago, caused a mass extinction. Most of the reptiles died out. Mammals became the dominant species. Still, the reptiles might have come out on top if it hadn't been for a slight disadvantage. They had brains the size of a walnut. That's very small. Apparently it's a constant in the universe. The reptiles didn't all die out. Some evolved into snakes, alligators, turtles. As a matter of fact one of my favourite restaurants in San Francisco makes the most wonderful turtle soup. You should try it sometime if you're ever in the area. I'm just making conversation. Relaying a few interesting facts about the world you're trying to destroy. Is that so? All right, but I'll only talk to Degra. Alone. He's building your weapon. Ring a bell now? Just tell him the name of his third child, Trenia. Prove me wrong. Tell him. [Situation room] Hello again. Long story. The name of your third child is Trenia. Three months into the pregnancy your wife contracted Anaprolean fever. You lost the child. You were going to name it Trenia. You told it to me. You also talked about the weapon you designed, the one that killed seven million people. When you watched the telemetry come in you wondered how many of those seven million were children. It doesn't matter who I am or how I know all this. What's important is that you listen to what I have to say. Your reason for building this weapon is based on a lie. That at some point in the future humans are going to destroy your species. You know about the Spheres. They were constructed by trans-dimensional beings. Their purpose is to reconfigure the Expanse to make it habitable for their species. That's what destroys the Xindi, not humanity. I've seen it happen. I've been to the future. Four hundred years into the future. There's an artefact in my right pocket. Take it. Go ahead. Have it quantum dated. The results will back me up. Listen to me, you son of a bitch. It wasn't any easier for me to swallow this than it is for you, but you'd better understand something. If you destroy Earth, you won't just be eliminating my species, you'll be eliminating your own. [Degra's ship] That we trust each other. You're building a weapon that could destroy my world. I had to try and stop you. Just consider what I said. That's right. We're both fighting the wrong enemy. Do you believe these results are inaccurate? Let me speak to this Council of yours, present my case. Then help me change their minds. I've made an impression, or you wouldn't still be here. [Bridge] (Enterprise is under heavy attack from Reptilian ships.) Survivors?
Any new theories on their purpose? Archer here. Let's see them. (Ahe alien ship appears on the viewscreen.) Hail them. This is Captain Jonathan Archer of the starship Enterprise. Can we assist you? What kind of weapons do they have? Can you get us through the anomalies? Full impulse. (Enterprise reaches the stricken little ship.) Take full security precautions. Make sure none of them are armed. [Sickbay] (With the ship docked alongside - and it is small compared to Enterprise - it's people are being treated.) How are they? Why? They're no strangers to anomalies. That looks like an old scar. Which one's the Captain? (Phlox indicates D'Jamat, a humanoid with grey hair pulled back into a ponytail, and a red mark on the right hand side of his face - just like the rest of them.) I'm Captain Archer. Welcome aboard. I understand you've been in this region for quite some time. Your ship's in pretty rough shape. My engineer's taking a look at it. Maybe there's some information about the Spheres we can share. If you're feeling up to it, I'd like you to have dinner with me and my Science Officer tonight. Doesn't ring a bell. We're new to the Expanse. I think we're talking about the same thing. We're here to learn everything about a species you may have run into, the Xindi? The Makers? They're certainly impressive. We've found three of them so far. Perhaps this is a subject we should discuss some other time? You'll be glad to know my engineer believes that he can repair the damage to your vessel. He thinks it shouldn't take more than a couple of days.  They believe that god-like beings they call the Makers created the Spheres a thousand years ago. Well. they also believe that the Makers are using the Spheres to reshape the Expanse, creating a paradise for when they return. Come in. Not at all. That isn't necessary. Seal off the area. Get security teams  They say they'll destroy Enterprise. I have to believe them. Remember what's at stake, why we're out here. Right now we don't have a choice. Don't take any action against them. Is that clear? This isn't over. (leaves) You just murdered one of my people. What do you want with my ship? Save your breath. [Bridge] Where are you taking this ship? A war. That was the glorious mission you were talking about? Why do I have the feeling these heretics would say the same thing. Your truth. How many people do you intend to kill with my ship? Doctrines like that make it real easy to wipe out everyone who doesn't agree with you. You're out of your mind. I need time to think about this. That's very considerate of him. Wait a minute. Your name's Yarrick, isn't it? I understand your wife paid a visit to Sickbay. She had a long talk with my doctor. She's pregnant. I guess you also know she wants to end the pregnancy. My doctor got the impression that she doesn't exactly agree with D'Jamat's interpretation of your faith. As a matter of fact, Phlox said she's grown to hate everything about it. He also got the impression that you're not happy with the way things are going either. From what I've seen, I'm pretty sure you're going to have that opportunity. [Corridor] What makes you think that. I'm trying to stop my world from being destroyed. You're trying to wipe out everyone who doesn't share your beliefs. I draw the line at murdering innocent people. I needed information critical to my mission. He wasn't hurt. You're proud of that. There are no Makers. At least, not how you perceive them. The Spheres are machines built for a reason you and I don't understand. I've made it. I've chosen myself. You wanted to kill someone, kill me. I won't make someone else pay for something that happened under my command. T'Pol's a fine commander. Then maybe you'll grant a request. My people have certain customs regarding death. There's a device on board. We use it to dispose of hazardous materials but, on rare occasions, when the situation arises, we've also used it for executions. It's considered humane. The molecules have been disassembled. Quick and painless. No more than I can change yours. Ask Phlox to keep an eye on Porthos. Take care of Enterprise.  I know, medical scans are against your beliefs. I don't think the Makers will mind. (He transmits the data to Phlox's monitor.) [Ready room] You past it. (Archer shoots him.) ARCHER: You don't want to do that. Not if you help me. You know this is wrong. Everything he'd doing, we can put a stop to it. All of it. Your faith betrayed you. Is this really what the Makers want? To kill people by the thousands in their name? Is that the faith you were raised in? Then do what's right. If you don't help me, you'll be condemning your wife and child to death, because that's how this is going to end. As long as people like D'Jamat dictate what's true and what isn't, all you'll ever have is war. [Bridge]  These people you're fighting. What makes them heretics? For that, you've been at war for over a century? Found it. The environmental controls need to be re-routed to Sickbay. That can only be done from the Bridge. I'm going to show you how to do it. Doctor Phlox has synthesised an airborne agent. It neutralises one of the enzymes used in the organic explosives, renders it inert. [Bridge] We have to get to the Armoury. We're retaking the ship. We need the MACOs. [Bridge] Archer to the Bridge. We've rerouted command functions to Engineering. I've taken weapons offline.  We've also neutralised your organic explosives. Go ahead, try to blow yourself up. [Bridge] ARCHER  Stand down before anyone else gets hurt. [Bridge] Stand by. (He enters the Bridge.) ARCHER: Hail them. (T'Pol opens a I'm powering down my weapons. See for yourself. We just entered orbit around Triannon. Let's go. Peace? One of my crewmen is dead, six others are wounded, my ship is damaged. You want truth? I'll show you some truth. [Triannon] (Two shuttlepods land on a planet which has been utterly devastated by war. All the buildings are rubble. Scarcely one brick left upon another.) From what we've been able to learn, this happened eight months ago. Both sides have been decimated. There are no major cities left. Millions are dead. Your faith was going to bring peace? Here it is. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Starfleet didn't send us out here to humiliate ourselves. How long were we in orbit, grovelling? Six days? Apologising, asking forgiveness, just because we ate lunch in front of them on our own ship months ago. I call that grovelling. So we spend six days grovelling. And when they finally agree to talk to us, we go down. And what do they do? They keep us waiting for twelve hours and then send us packing. No explanation, no plasma injector. Just leave, go back to your ship. Maybe my hair's parted on the wrong side. I'm exhausted, and I've had it with these people. What's the problem? What are you going to do? Doc'll have you good as new before you know it. I might even break the no-cheese rule tonight. (Archer goes to leave, and Porthos whimpers.) Sorry, fella. You got to stay. You've got four more. The ship can run on four. What are the odds of us losing another one before we find a replacement? T'Pol thinks we insulted them again. I was a perfect gentleman. We're going to have to go somewhere else to find you your injector, Trip. These people are impossible. I'll have T'Pol see if she can find out what we did, but I'm not promising anything. [Sickbay] I went to decon. I thought you were there with Porthos. Is every (He sees Porthos looking unhappy in an isolation box with rubber gloves to prevent direct contact.) Did you run your tests? So what are you doing? How sure? Could this be life-threatening? Didn't we send his genome to the Kreetassans along with ours? So shouldn't they have noticed there's a pathogen in their atmosphere that his immune system can't handle? I'm told I've offended these people twice. Once for eating in front of them, the second time, I don't even know what for. But if their carelessness has hurt Porthos or, God forbid, ends up killing him, they're going to find out what being offended is all about. You hear that, boy? (He uses a glove to rub Porthos' chest.) ARCHER: We're all pulling for you. [Bridge] Did you reach them? And? Well? What are you talking about? That's fascinating. Did you apologise for whatever we did wrong? Are we going to get our plasma injector? And that's what they're insulted about? Well, maybe if they'd bothered to read the genetic profile we sent they'd have told us to leave the dog on the ship, and then he wouldn't have had an opportunity to pee on one of their precious trees. Where the hell do you get off conveying my sincerest apologies? They're the ones who should be sorry. There are some things more important than plasma injectors. I'll tell you one thing, Sub-Commander. If anything happens to I just thought it might cheer Porthos up if I slept here tonight. That is, if it's all right with you. Well then, maybe it'll cheer me up. How's Porthos doing? Beagles. Let me ask you a question, Doc, just out of curiosity. Are there any dogs on your homeworld? Did your medical training include any I thought you were just, you know, a people doctor. I'm impressed. So, how's he doing? Before what? Before what, Doctor? I would have brought you some cheese, but Doctor Phlox wouldn't have let me give you any. (Archer goes to bed, draws a curtain around it, lies down and dims the lights. A metallic grinding sound gets him up again.) Doctor, are you all right? Just wanted to be sure you're okay. What the hell's going on? How long was I asleep? Does this go on every night? Great. Porthos? Is he comfortable? I'm glad to see someone is. I'll check back in a couple of hours. (Archer leaves.) Nice of you to ask. We'll know in a couple of hours. (She speeds up her machine, he does the same.) Have you heard from your friends on the surface? I guess they haven't finished compiling their list of punishments. I'm sorry. Just practicing. (T'Pol speeds up her machine again, so he does the same.) They knew we were bringing him. We even sent his genetic specs. What's that supposed to mean? What the hell does one have to do with the other? Isn't it logical I could care about my ship and my dog? (He speeds up his treadmill.) (sweating and panting) I really thought you were beginning to understand something about human feelings. What's the matter? You'd be surprised, Hoshi. It's all right, Ensign. [Gymnasium] We're on our way. [Bridge] (Hoshi hands over a PADD as he gets out of the turbolift. T'Pol is still cool and collected.) Well, this isn't so bad. I was sure there'd be something in here about standing on one foot with my eyes shut, reciting The Night Before Christmas. I'm going back to Sickbay to see if I can get an hour's sleep before the Doctor's results come through. Let me know if this fits with your definition of an appropriate apology. (he leaves.) What's happening? You said we'd know in a few hours if this would work. Is he going to die? (Phlox hands Archer a hypospray.) Five cc's. (Phlox gives the injection then checks the readouts.) What? Are you trying a different treatment? Let me guess. We'll know in. They've got a perfectly good plasma injector sitting on a shelf somewhere. But will they share it with us? Not until I make a fool of myself by going through some series of ritual apologies. The fact that Porthos is on death's doorstep doesn't seem to bother any of them. They're the ones who should be apologising, not me. T'Pol thinks I care more about my dog than my ship. Isn't that delightful. She's my Science Officer, my second-in-command. She should know more than anyone aboard how dedicated I am to this mission. To every member of my crew. Porthos has one paw in Beagle heaven because these jerks didn't bother to look at his genetic profile. Am I supposed to ignore that? It would be nice to have all five plasma injectors working but it's not essential. We can do fine with four, and the fifth one just started to act up. We might get another ten light years out of it. What? What! I heard you! I suppose you're going to tell me you have a degree in psychiatry, too. No way. Not a chance. Porthos is the only patient you're treating right now. You got that? Let me know if there's any change. (He goes back to the biobed, draws curtain and tries to sleep.) [Deleted scene- Sickbay] Archer to Commander Tucker. Captain Archer Sorry to wake you, Trip, but I need to see you in Sickbay. Come on in. (Tucker comes through the curtain.) I'm fine. It's Porthos who's not doing so well. How long has it been since you've been intimate with a woman? Forget it. I'm sorry I woke you up, Trip. I just need some more information on that faulty injector. If we take it offline, try to repair it, what kind of stress will that put on the other four? And if the stress gets too high? And? Go get some sleep. I thought you said your bat was supposed to be terrified of that thing. That stuff isn't poisonous, is it? (Some liquid got spilt onto Phlox in the melee. Phlox tastes it to be sure,) What now? It's two thirty in the morning and I'm hunting an escaped bat. That's all I'm thinking about right now, Doctor. That and Porthos. By the air duct. Do you see it? With all do respect to your training, you're wrong. T'Pol and I have been getting along just fine, so let it alone. Listen, Doc, there's no sexual attraction. (The bat takes to the air again.) Don't let her in the corridor! What for? It's the middle of the night. Did they? Thank you, Ensign. I'll let you know in a couple of hours. (Hoshi leaves.) Everything okay? Thanks. What's the problem? I dreamt Porthos died. Any indication on how your second treatment's doing? An old girlfriend's mother had this Beagle I was crazy about. Even after her daughter and I broke up, we stayed in touch. When the dog got pregnant, I was the first one she called. Four males in the litter. The four musketeers. I've had Porthos since he was six weeks old. I grew up with dogs. Can't remember not having one. You have any pets when you were a kid? I thought you said something about the Denobulan Lemur being highly sought after. Was there something on their list about apologising on a full stomach? Sorry. Sorry, I'm a little on edge. I haven't slept very much but I'm doing the breast I, the best I can. My only concern right now is Porthos. No. No, it, it's okay. When you get back to the Bridge, why don't you send me your lips. Lisp. List. (T'Pol gives him a long look and then leaves) What are you doing? What's in here? (Phlox is wheeling in a large transparent tank.) You're going to perform a transplant from a lizard? What's the tank for? You're going to drown my dog? How many times have you done this before? Has anyone done this before? You know, this isn't some guinea pig you're working on here. This is Porthos, my Beagle, my pal. From what you're telling me the closest thing your people have to pets are furry little things that go well with onions. Just for the sake of argument let's say that some of my anger toward T'Pol had a component of sexual tension to it. I'm not saying it does but just for the sake of argument. (Phlox is transplanting the pituitary into Porthos's brain.) What do you mean, yes? You're the psychiatrist. What am I supposed to do about it? Am I supposed I to ignore it? Am I supposed to say something to her? Neither? When will we know if the transplant's working? So I can't ignore it, and I can't talk about it. What do you suggest I do? If Porthos pulls through, will he need a special diet or treatments having a chameleon's pituitary gland? You're kidding. Does your expertise on sexual tension come from professional training or firsthand experience? And they each have Sounds very complicated. So, these three wives. You told me you had five children. How many are there in this whole extended family? You must miss them. You've been away for over two years. I would have never guessed. You don't look that old. How about the other three? And the other two? I'm sorry. I shouldn't have. Listen, Doc, however this turns out I want to apologise for accusing you of being insensitive before. I didn't think your shift began until oh nine hundred. Just a courtesy? (to Hoshi) Ensign, will you join me? [Ready room] Have a seat. You've read the list? She told me. The last part, just before the end, that little expression that gets repeated. Do you know what I'm talking about? Their pronunciation guide doesn't make any sense. I'm going to need some help. [Kreetassan Capital City] (Archer is stripped to the waist with braids in his hair and alien symbols either side of his spine. He is taking a chain saw to a tree trunk while speaking alien. Then he picks up the slice of trunk and holds it out while declaiming something before placing it carefully on the ground with others. The Kreetassans don't look happy, so he checks his PADD and repeats the lines and gestures again, getting it exactly right this time. Now they sort of smile and nod.) Come in. Sub-Commander. Since I've been getting so much practice giving apologies I thought I might give you one. Yeah, it is. I've been under a lot of stress lately, haven't gotten much sleep. My dog Whatever friction there's been between us, I'd like to try to minimise it. I guess that's always been true. Especially when the people are of the opposite sex. I promise. I doubt I would have even gone down, there if it hadn't been for you, Doc. I owe you one. The transplant? Can I see him? Hey. (Porthos is now lying on his side.) ARCHER: It's been one hell of a night, hasn't it? How soon can he leave? But he's Come on, boy. Yeah. We're going home. Sickbay's all yours. (Phlox gives a very scary CGI Denobulan grin.)
Biosigns? Any idea what happened? Bring it into Launch bay two. [Launch bay two] Whoever this is, he's rewritten our history books. Can you get a DNA sample? If he's a member of Starfleet, his genetic profile is probably in our database. Run a comparison as soon as you can. I wonder if this could be Zephram Cochrane. They say he was piloting a one-man vessel when he disappeared. There were a lot of rumours after he was lost. One of them said he was testing some kind of experimental warp ship. Any markings on the hull or control panels? Any new mission you haven't told us about? Phlox has sent a request to Doctor Cochrane's family. They're transmitting his genetic profile. If we haven't, we've discovered an even bigger mystery. [Launch bay two] (Inside the mysterious object, Trip and Malcolm are removing a floor plate.) Let's see it. (the little ship appears on the viewscreen) I don't believe I've had the pleasure That ship's an Earth vessel. The pilot's human. (looks at T'Pol, who leaves her station and crosses over to Reed's) I'm curious. What's your interest in that ship? There's not much left. You might want to contact your superiors. Ask for a man named Silik. He'll tell you I don't respond well to threats. [Inside the 'Tardis'] (Reed and Tucker remove the cover where the energy signature is coming from.) Bring us about, Travis. Power the phase-cannons. See what you can do about their weapons. [Launch bay two] Lock them out. Archer to Trip. (no reply) Send a security team down there. Return fire. (One phase cannon shot is fired.) Target their engines, and bring the grappler on line. They wanted that ship pretty badly. I'd like to know why. Stay with them. (Down in the launch bay, the Suliban are beamed away, then the ship cloaks.) What's your guess? Bigger on the inside? Archer. Is there a match in the Starfleet Database? How did a human end up with Vulcan DNA? That's not possible. We haven't known the Vulcans long enough. Thank you, Doctor. T'Pol. {Daniel's quarters] Our time-travelling friend Daniels left it in his quarters. (He undoes the lock and goes in.) We'll keep it to ourselves. (Archer starts up the holographic database projector.) That's because it hasn't been built yet. Worried about contaminating your genome with a little human DNA? (searching for the Tardis) That could be it. (carries on scrolling through) If a human and a Vulcan did have a child, I wonder if he'd have pointed ears. There. I think that's it. Look at the commission date. That's almost nine hundred years from now. Daniels talked about historians from the future. People who traveled back to study the past. That could be what this pilot was doing. If the Suliban get their hands on this, they'll take it apart, (switches off display) maybe learn how the engines work. That could change the course of the Temporal Cold War. (answers comm. beep) Archer. Suliban? T'Pol? Open a channel. This is Captain Archer of the Starship Is there something we can do for you? I'd like to know how you heard about that ship. Thanks for the warning, but we can't give it to you. Hull plating. Arm the aft torpedoes. Release us, or I'll destroy the ship in our launch bay. (no reply) Do you hear me? (The tractor beam is released and the ship flies off, sending a final untranslated message.) What did he say? I wonder if there's anyone else who thinks they have a claim on that ship. [Mess hall] This may be the temporal radiation the Tholians warned us about. Or maybe they really were reliving the same moment. Seal off Launch bay two and evacuate the surrounding sections. I don't want to take any chances. (Reed leaves) How are you coming with the black box? Let me know as soon as you find anything. Dismissed. We'll keep an eye on it. The Vulcans are only a few hours away. I'm pretty sure we can steer clear of them. I'm not going to do that. I'm tired of these factions interfering with our century. It's time we took a more active interest in this war, gathered some intelligence ourselves. Like it or not, we've been involved since we left Spacedock. Daniel's hinted that there were other factions in this conflict. Maybe the Tholians are working for one of them. This is the first chance we've had to get some answers. I'm not going to pass it up. The Vulcans can get that ship back to Earth in a few weeks. Starfleet'll take it from there. I told you. I've made my decision. What do you have? On my way. Go to maximum warp. How long to the rendezvous point? Contact the Tal'Kir. Let them know we're bringing company. I see you brought some friends with you. Or what? You're not going to risk any more damage to that ship. Take a look at your long-range sensors. There's a Vulcan combat cruiser a few million kilometres from here. Unless you want to upset them, I suggest you turn around. Aft cannon, return fire. (they hit a couple of ships, but take more hits themselves) The Vulcans? Hold your course and speed. Take us out of warp. (the Tal'Kir doesn't look at all well) Biosigns? Take us back to warp. (The Tholians get several direct hits on Enterprise.) Weapons? Trip, we could use warp engines [Engineering] Right about now. How about weapons? Then forget everything else. Get that beacon working. Whoever built that ship might be able to send help. [Engineering] How long would it take to remove one of the torpedo warheads, arm it manually? Then we'll bring the torpedo to the launch bay, work on it there. (to T'Pol) You have the bridge. [Launch bay two] I'm going to hold you to that four minutes. They don't make this easy, do they? Go ahead. We're working as fast as we can. [Launch bay two] Stand by. I'm going to hold you to that four minutes. You're right. How far do you think we got last time? I think we may have removed the warhead. We'd better hurry. The red and blue conduits, right? [Bridge] Get to the control room. I'll take it from here. I'm going to hold you to that four minutes. How many times do you think we've done this? Let's hope we've got it down by now. [Bridge] (As teams take up positions, and the Tholians start cutting the hatches.) Control room. (He puts the warhead in the Tardis and Tucker gets the temporal beacon signal going.) Let's get those doors open. (The Tardis drops out into space and a Tholian ship takes it in tow.) Now. Now! [Bridge] On our way. (In Engineering, the future transmitter vanishes from under Trip's nose, and Phlox watches his corpse disappear from Sickbay too. Suddenly the Tholian ship is towing - nothing.) [Bridge] Gone? Why didn't they fire on us? The Vulcans? Let's see if we can give them a hand. (to Reed) Prep a shuttlepod. Have Doctor Phlox meet us in Launch bay one. You're forgetting that time is irrelevant to these people. If that vessel was from the future, whoever sent it had plenty of time to locate the signal and then travel back to any point in time to retrieve it. I'm going to contact the High Command, apologise for the trouble we caused them. I also need to thank them for helping us out. By all means. I wonder if they'll believe that humans and Vulcans will be swapping chromosomes one day?
We're in bad shape, I can't deny that. It'll take us weeks to get there. See you in three days. [T'Pol's quarters] (It's dark. A candle is burning.) According to Degra, they're not very tolerant of trespassers. How close are they to the corridor? We'll ionise the hull. That should mask our approach for a while. Tactical alert. Take us in. Can you identify it? T'Pol? It's still under construction. Who are you? Come about, Ensign. Would you tell me what the hell is going on? [Docking port] (A MACO has his rifle aimed at the door when it opens.) I'd like some answers first. How would you know that? Torpedoes, full spread. How long until we reach the corridor? Hold your course. (As Enterprise dived into the corridor, the three attackers veered off.) Where are we? Degra? Are you sure we're at the right co-ordinates? Why didn't you, didn't we, go back through it? I'll notify the crew. Let Travis know we'll be getting underway. Even if we found a way out of the Expanse, we can't go back to Earth. We'd be contaminating our own culture, our own history. Maybe there's a way we can use this to our advantage. We know the date when Earth is attacked by the first Xindi probe. We may be able to figure out a way to warn them, or even prevent the attack. You've been flying around the Expanse for over a century? To destroy the first Xindi probe. But you failed. You've made these modifications on your own ship? You've got to admit, it's a lot to accept. I'm not comfortable doing that just yet. Who's the father? Thanks. Starfleet will be glad to hear Enterprise was built to last. Wasn't that boy Denobulan? You're not entirely human yourself. Was that? You know, finding your ship explains a few things. When the Xindi took me prisoner they asked me one question over and over. They wanted to know how many ships Starfleet had in the Expanse. I thought we were going to the Bridge. T'Pol. (She's old, her hands shake, but they sort of embrace.) Living with humans for so long has changed you. They didn't tell me you were still aboard. He's fine. If you'd like, I'll have him come by and say hello. There's so much I want to ask you. I don't know where to start. Have you shown that to Trip? We'll have to contact Degra, tell him we won't be able to make the rendezvous. We'll be thrown back in time. How long will it take? You should have told me. My ship could be destroyed. I'd call that a damn big risk. I've got two T'Pols who disagree with you. It's our best option. This is my mission and my decision. I didn't come over here for a debate. I've already given the order. Trip's short-handed in Engineering. If you could spare a few people he'd get the work done faster. Doctor? Whatever we can spare. You mentioned something about inoculations. Do what you can. (turns to leave) I suppose when this mission is over, most of their crew will want to return to Earth. We seem to be cut from the same cloth. I can imagine the look on the Admiral's face when he sees two Enterprises pulling into Spacedock. Keep me updated.[Engineering] (The E2 crew have knocked out the Enterprise engineers and are accessing the injectors.) What's wrong? Archer to Engineering. Trip, respond. Send a security team. Hail them. Disable their engines. [E2 - Bridge] Stay with them. (to T'Pol) Get down to the transporter, and stand by. [E2 - Bridge] (As the twin ships engage in a graceful dog-fight.) T'Pol? [Transporter alcove] You heard her. T'Pol! (She beams aboard a piece of equipment.) [E2 - Bridge] Now lock onto their primary relays. They're on [Transporter] C deck, junction twelve. This is Captain Archer. Looks like we've got some things that belong to each other. [Bridge] Why don't we call a truce and return our respective property. I know you've got your finger on the trigger. [E2 - Bridge] If you fire that torpedo, you're going to hurt a lot of people over here. [Bridge] Lorian, [E2 - Bridge] Answer me. You were lucky. Phlox says the injuries on both ships were minor. You almost crippled us. My mission would have been over. Attacking your ancestors doesn't sound very logical to me. I'm sure your crew did everything they could to stop the probe. I could keep you locked up in here, but that wouldn't do either of us any good. All that matters is what we're going to do next. Whether you agree with it or not, I'm taking my ship into that corridor. And I'll stand a much better chance of completing this mission, our mission, if we work together. [E2 - T'Pol's quarters] Take us in. Are the signatures being reflected? How long until we reach the corridor. Return fire. They don't seem to be having the same problem. Malcolm! Archer to Lorian. Now! (We get a view from above, of the second ship peeling off from underneath ours and turning to engage the attackers.) Well done, Captain. [E2 -Bridge] Go ahead. [Engineering] Understood. Lorian, it looks like we're not going to be able to [E2 - Bridge] keep up with you. Thanks for the lift. We'll see you on the other side. Target their weapons. [E2 - Bridge] Where are we? Are we still in the right century? What about Lorian? One ship against four. Lorian has years of command experience. Something tells me we shouldn't write him off yet. I suppose there's another possibility. Since we weren't thrown into the past, maybe history somehow corrected itself. Go ahead. Put him up.
Orders? From whom? What the hell’s going on? Hello? T’Pol? Where are we? I was in the Command centre looking at long range scans. We were in a corridor. You and I, on our way to the Bridge.  You coming tonight? I can make movie night mandatory for senior officers. You’ll enjoy it. Rosemary’s Baby, it’ll scare the hell out of you. (The ship Take us out of warp. I’m not leaving you. (Another anomaly comes down the corridor, throwing him back and rippling through him.) [Sickbay] Like a shuttle pod landed on my head. Was anyone else hurt? Well, it'll have to wait. I want to get to the Bridge. (He gets up and fetches his uniform.) This morning, staff briefing. Why? What’s going on, Phlox? Long term. You can’t remove these parasites? I had an idea this morning, after you told me what happened. I came up with a way to upgrade the antimatter inducers. We can travel farther on less fuel. Let me guess. I already gave you these specs. I imagine that must happen often. Maybe these daily briefings aren’t such a good idea. Looks like it’s just a waste of your time, and Trip’s. I’m sure you have work to do. I’ll be in my quarters. Fortunately, I don’t take orders from you. I suppose there’s not much point in thanking me. A few hours from now I won’t remember. [Corridor] HOSHI Forrest made you Captain. I suppose congratulations are in order, even if they are belated. I guess these parasites weren’t so easy to remove after all. What about the mission? Did you find the Xindi weapon?  You said we eventually found the weapon. How could we manage that without warp engines? Earth? How many of us are left? What happened to the crew? How did all these people get here?  Come in. Did things go well with the Vulcans? There was obviously a reason I chose these quarters. You can see a lot from this window. What did they want? Ha. I’ve been thinking about everything you told me. I realise I’m not fit to command the ship, but there’s got to be some way I can help. I could give Trip a hand in Engineering. So I’m supposed to stay locked up in my quarters all day? In other words, just stay out of the way. The thought did cross my mind. How the hell did you know that? Exactly how far has it evolved? (Later, Phlox has arrived. His hair is longer, but that's all.)PHLOX: Nothing seems to have changed since your last exam. Is this why you came all the way from Denobula, to give me a check-up? Captain Tucker. I don’t think you need to call me sir anymore. How long has it been since you took command? Thank you, Commander is it? Did everyone get their own ship while I was gone? Hoshi. (They hug.) Why not remove all of them at once?  Come in. It was a little disturbing. From my perspective, I saw most of those people just a few hours ago. It couldn’t have been easy for you, telling me the same story over and over again for twelve years. I hope I’ve told you before, but, I’m very grateful for everything you’ve done for me. If this works Go ahead  T’Pol, what’s happening? To the Bridge. I’m not going to just lie here while they destroy what’s left of humanity.  Turbolifts are down. (He and T'Pol use the Jefferies tubes.) [Bridge] The Bridge is gone. We don’t have time to worry about parasites right now. Didn’t you say that we could destroy the parasites with a subspace implosion? Can we create one? At this point, it won’t make much of a difference. You two get to a shuttlepod. They’re only after humans. If this doesn’t work out you’ll still have a chance. That’s an order. (T'Pol joins him at the controls.) One of the plasma injectors was damaged. We'll have to replace it. They’re in supply locker C on the upper level. (Phlox goes to get Like a shuttlepod landed on my head. What’s our status? All right, Doctor. (Phlox leaves them.) Fortunately, I don’t take orders from you. Rosemary’s Baby? Thanks. Would you mind bringing me another pillow? (She does.) Would you turn down the lights just a little? You know, you’d make a wonderful nurse. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
They call this progress. What exactly did Mister Terev do? Did you get a chance to look over my proposal? And? You saw the data. This technology would give us a tactical advantage. We could end the war tomorrow. Sir? My only concern is saving the Empire. Captain, you're making a mistake. Understood. [Forrest's quarters] (They seem somewhat larger than we're used to.) Don't! Lock him in the Brig. I want him alive. If anything happens to Forrest, I'll shoot you myself. Are we clear, Major? Stand aside, Commander. This is First Officer Archer. In accordance with Starfleet orders this date [Forrest's quarters] (Hoshi is lying in bed, reading.) I've relieved Captain Forrest of duty and assumed command of Enterprise. My orders are to [Sickbay] (Phlox is doing a spot of recreational vivisection.) Take the ship into Tholian space for a mission of vital importance to the Empire. I can't reveal the details of our assignment, but I can tell you this. [Engineering] (Tucker has similar scarring to Captain Pike in Menagerie.) If we're successful, Starfleet will crush the rebellion once and for all. [Bridge] No crew in Starfleet has been tested more in battle. I know I can count on each of you to perform your duty to the best of your ability. Nothing will impede our march toward victory. Long live the Empire. It was sent on a private channel. All in good time. Alter our heading. Two one five mark thirteen. Maximum warp. (to the female MACO) Corporal, escort Commander T'Pol to Cargo bay two. You'll find a Suliban cloaking device there. Bring it to Engineering and help Tucker install it. We're going to need the cloak to complete this mission. Enterprise Starlog, Captain Jonathan Archer. The crew has accepted the change of command without incident. Chief Engineer Tucker reports we'll have cloaking capability within six hours. [Ready room] (Where the pictures of various Enterprises used to hang, there are now racks of historic weaponry.) Appear? All I require from you is your loyalty. Do I have it? I'm glad we can agree on something. Do you recognise this? (holds up a gun) It belonged to Zefram Cochrane. He used it to kill the first Vulcan who stepped onto Terran soil. I wonder how history would have played out if Cochrane hadn't turned the tables on your invasion force. Humans might be your slaves instead of the other way around. You're Vulcan. Never forget that. How long until we cross into Tholian space? There's a warp signature encoded on this. Notify me the moment you find it. There is. I'm promoting you to First Officer. Reed is a capable soldier, but he has trouble following orders. And I know he has ambitions of his own. Maybe this is my way of saying thank you to you and your people. Without Vulcan technology, the Empire wouldn't be where it is today. Dismissed. [Archer's quarters] Serving as my personal guard will have its privileges. You'll have your own quarters, better food. You'll accept orders from me and me alone, is that clear? You already have the job, Sergeant. Don't talk yourself out of it. (A Rottweiler growls) Don't mind Porthos. He hasn't had his dinner yet. (Doorbell I'll take that as a compliment. He's safe. Not right now. He'll remain alive as long as you don't cause any trouble. No hidden distress signals to Starfleet. I need you and your expertise. You saw an opportunity for advancement, and you took it. I've never been one to argue with tradition. (They kiss, and she pulls a knife from the back of her bodice and he takes it off her, all the time with their lips glued together.) Maybe we should keep our relationship on a professional level. Go ahead. On my way. I expect you to be in a better mood when I get back. [Bridge] Power the tractor emitters. Disable his ship. I don't want the pilot injured. (A barrage of torpedoes hit the blue dart ship.) Major! Lock on the transporter. Beam him into the Decon Chamber. Archer to Sickbay. We beamed a Tholian into Decon. [Sickbay] Modify the atmosphere in there. (Phlox leaves his latest primate subject.) How is he? Will it understand me? (Hoshi nods, and Archer peers into the Decon Chamber. He sees nothing, then suddenly a very red hot alien jumps up into view, startling everyone.) I'm Captain Archer. You're on board the Terran flagship, Enterprise. Answer my questions, or you will be harmed. I want to know where you're holding the Terran vessel you captured. Tell me what I want to know. Take it down another fifty. Go on. What the hell is that? No. I need to keep it alive for now, until I can verify what it's told us. Find some way to knock that thing out. Can you repair the cloak? You have six hours. The cloak's your first priority. (to Reed) Someone's responsible for what happened. Find out who. Get the cloak online. [Brig] Who sabotaged the cloak? I know Admiral Black has an agent on Enterprise. I want the name. (to Travis) Go to his quarters, search his personal files. Look for messages from Starfleet. If that's right, then why are you in the Brig? That junction's supposed to be off-limits. How? Who ordered you to sabotage the cloak? I checked the records. Admiral Black recommended you for Chief Engineer. He insisted Forrest replace his own man with you. You're working for the Admiral, aren't you? What have you told him? What have you told him? Break him. [Archer's quarters] (Hoshi and Archer are in bed together.) The data I gave you. Did you transmit it to the Fleet Admiral? Insurance policy. (He sits up.) Tucker's a competent engineer. If he wanted to damage the cloak, he could have done a much better job. Computer, locate Commander T'Pol. The sensors were damaged by the overload. Stay here. [Brig] (T'Pol and her Vulcan allies stage a jail break just as Archer gets there. There's a gunfight in the corridor, then Archer ducks into a turbolift.) Having trouble? Autonavigation can't be released until we've reach the coordinates I've set. I can't. They've been encrypted with a random code. We'll arrive at the co-ordinates long before then. (sarcastically) The Bridge is yours, Captain. [Agony booth] You going to shoot me now or wait for court-martial? The Tholians are a little more open-minded than your people. They detonated a tricobalt warhead here, inside the gravity well of a dead star. The explosion created an interphasic rift. A doorway into another universe. The rift was unstable. It was too dangerous to send one of their own ships through, so they transmitted a distress call into the opening, hoping to lure a ship from the other side. Their plan worked brilliantly. The Tholians rely on outside labourers. Humanoids. Some of them can be bought for the right price. My contact transmitted these images before his signal was jammed. Computer, enhance grid three alpha. (Just sticking out of the moon is the saucer section of NCC1764.) According to some theories, everything that exists in our universe should also exist there. The Tholians quantum-dated a piece of the hull. This ship is not only from another universe, it's from another time. About a hundred years into the future. Imagine the technology we can find on that ship. New tactical systems, advanced bio-weapons. Engines that can reach speeds we can only dream of. All of it ours for the taking! Magnify the moon on the far right. (There's the ship from the briefing - TOS era design, USS Defiant.) [Situation room] Any sign of the crew? Destroy it? We have to take the ship with us. Sir, you can't do this. They're gutting the ship. (They come across a figure in a red shirt lying on a corridor floor.) This must be the Captain. Get started. [Bridge] How much longer? Stand aside, Commander. Can you bring weapons and engines online? (referring to the bodies on the floor) Give me a hand with them! (Meanwhile, the Enterprise escape pods are being picked off one by one. Forrest is at helm, the doing a Janeway impression.)
How big is it? Put it up. (A big semi-saucer thing comes into view.) ARCHER: Look familiar? Try hailing them. Tactical alert. Go ahead. Warp or impulse? Hold on, Trip. Have they dropped out of warp? What about our life support? That's one piece of good news. Any biosigns out there? Rotate the dorsal camera. (The image is of a big chamber, and a circular object ahead of them.) Hold it there. Tilt up about thirty degrees. Get closer. (There are wispy things moving around.) Any atmosphere? Prep a shuttlepod. Trip, meet me and Malcolm in Launch bay one. (to T'Pol) You're in charge. Keep a channel open. [Alien spaceship] (The shuttlepod glides out of the bay down to the What's the temperature? Let's see what we can find. I doubt it's a coincidence. We may not be detecting any bio-signs, but those things sure look alive to me. (One of them gets into Tucker's head, then leaves again, coloured yellow.) Are you okay? Trip? (The yellow wisp returns, pops into his head and a white one leaves.) That's what I was about to ask you. We should get him back to the ship. We're a hundred and fifty light years from Earth, Trip. He said he had some kind of out-of-body experience. You sure you're all right? I'd prefer to keep you in Sickbay for a few days, but I can't afford to. I need you to get those engines back online. Let me know if you take another trip to Tarpon Beach. I want those weapons back online, too. Come in. (T'Pol enters.) ARCHER: It's like we're in the belly of the beast. They're holding my ship hostage. We don't? Look out there. Do you see any stars? Our engines are offline, our weapons. Seems kind of hostile to me. Is there something you wanted to see me about? And? I've got to get them out of here. [Engineering] (A blue wisp enters Tucker, and a yellow one leaves.) Go ahead. What do you mean, wrong? [Engineering] I'll be right down. Did he say where he was going? [Engineering] Archer to Commander Tucker. (to T'Pol) Find him. [Mess hall] (The Tucker thing has a table full of food in front of it when Archer, T'Pol and Reed enter.) Commander. Hungry? It's called bread. You've never eaten it before? Where's the man who used to be Charles Tucker? I want him back now. Where is he? Where do you come from? Why did you take Commander Tucker? I want my crewman, and I want my ship released. What about Tucker? Wow what? Who told you? I thought you were with Hopalong Cassidy and your girlfriend. Take him to Sickbay. We'll let the Doctor decide how fine you are. Something smells funny. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Now that the Doctor's given Trip a clean bill of health, my primary concern is to get Enterprise out of here. But Trip tells me it'll be awhile before he can get the engines online. From what we can tell, these life forms have no mass. Non-corporeal beings. that's got to be a first for Starfleet. T'Pol thinks they just want to get to know us. Maybe she's right. Maybe I don't trust them because they're so different. I'd hate to think that was the case. (doorbell chime) Computer, pause. Come in. Everything all right? Are you sure you're all right? Go ahead. We're on our way. Enough! Humans don't like doing things without their consent. When are you planning to return Malcolm Reed? Oh, does it? Let's see how much you enjoy experiencing the human condition locked in Reed's quarters. [Engineering] They've got Malcolm. I need the ship [Corridor] Ready to go on my command. We'll see. [Engineering] A security detail locked him in Malcolm's quarters. Get it down, Trip. [Engineering] Go ahead, Trip. Hoshi, get a security team to Engineering. Have them put Crewman Rostov in his quarters. Then we're going to need more than one security team. Find out who's acting strange and have them confined to their quarters. For the moment, we're going to have to hope they are. (to T'Pol) Start working on a way to figure out who's themselves and who's not. Maybe Phlox can help you. [Engineering] (Tucker is staring at a Tactical Alert display.) Archer. [Engineering] Thanks, Trip. [Bridge] (to Travis) Hold our position. They've got Malcolm, and God knows how many others. Until we find a way to get them back, we're not going anywhere. [Sickbay] What's the big secret? What have you got? Doctor, whatever you've got, we need to put it to work. Get to work as soon as you're ready. [Bridge] Go ahead. Then you'd better stay where you are. Archer to Commander Tucker. [Engineering] Is there some kind of shielding [Bridge] In the nacelles that might keep these aliens from getting in? [Engineering] Travis thinks it will. [Bridge] I need you to stop whatever you're doing and transfer all command functions [Engineering] To the starboard catwalk. We're going to have to get everybody in there. I want you and T'Pol to get the crew up there as quickly as you can. Hoshi. What? Security to the Bridge. You're taking over my crew. Why? We're kind of fond of our substance. We're not very anxious to give it up. Are you doing this for our benefit or for yours? (Two security How many? And outside? You okay, Travis? Trip? Thanks. What we need is to get our people back. Do you have something in mind? You wouldn't have a chance. One of those things would take you before you got back to the saucer section. What makes you think that? Even if you're right, what would you accomplish? It's too dangerous. I won't let you do it. And if you're wrong? Well, I'm not. They've already taken twenty four people. I'm not going to give them another one. Is everything going all right, Doc? Good. T'Pol and I are going to need your help. (T'Pol has left the starboard nacelle and is walking along the corridors when a blue wisp finds her and enters her head.) Did you find her? Doesn't sound like that's the outcome she expected. Damn it. You'd better take her to her quarters. So they are doing this to save themselves. And lose a third of the crew? Unacceptable. We're going to find a way to get them back. Can they survive in a host that's dead? Archer to Phlox. That'll give you enough time to resuscitate them? Understood. Has anyone opened either of the ventral hatches? You must've missed him. All right. Does it have an ID tag? Good. Do you see the releases on either side? Open them. The silver ones first. [Atmosphere control] Now pull the panel off. Whatever you want. [Atmosphere control] Lay it down on the floor. Find the control panel. [Atmosphere control] Each of them should have a switch next to it. Now, before we can release the gas into central ventilation, you're going to have to reroute the transfer lines to the carbon dioxide tanks. (Tucker leaves quietly.) [Atmosphere control] Good. Now pull off the panel. It'll come off. You just need to use a little muscle. [Corridor] Try using your foot [Corridor] For leverage. (It comes away so suddenly he falls against the bulkhead opposite) Okay. [Catwalk command area] Now, the next part's a piece of cake. Stand by, Doc. What happened? What? We're going to have to speed things up, Doc. Trip's been taken. He left the catwalk a few minutes ago. [Corridor] If he tries to let his buddies out of their quarters we don't have any guards down there to stop him. You'll have to purge the osmotic filters. [Corridor] The valves are right behind the control circuit. You're going to have to get two fingers through the upper holes in the support plate. [Catwalk command area] Normally, that wouldn't be a problem, but wearing those gloves [Corridor] Could make it difficult. About three centimetres apart. [Corridor] You should be looking at two rotary valves and a lever. Open both valves all the way, then turn the lever to the three o'clock position. That should do it. (Phlox seals his helmet shut.) Go ahead. Good job. (Throughout the ship, possessed crew pass out, yellow wisps return home and blue ones leave.) [Corridor] Vent the gas. Ready, Travis? Full impulse.
You're sure it's a black hole? According to the Vulcan star charts, your people have surveyed more than two thousand of these things. How close can we get? How long would it take to reach the system at impulse? Set a course. (T'Pol leaves them.) ARCHER: Trip. If you've got some free time, I'd love it if you take a look at my chair. The Captain's chair. : You may have noticed that I don't sit in it very much. It's uncomfortable. When I lean back I feel like I'm about to slide out of it. I have to sort of perch on the edge. Take a look at it for me? The chair first, if you don't mind. Come in. Morning. No, no. Just thinking about something. Thanks. I'll drop by the Armoury. Anything else? Is it serious? If it's all right with Chef. Let me ask you a question. I received a manuscript from Earth. A biography of my father. I've been asked to write the preface. Would you mind reading it when I'm done? If I can ever get it finished. I've been putting it off for weeks. It's not that I haven't had the time. They only asked for a page. How am I supposed to sum up my father's life in a page? It would've been easier if they'd asked me to write the book. A logical approach. Maybe you'd like to write it for me? You asked to see me, Malcolm? It's no problem. What's on your mind? And you have a proposal? I appreciate your concern, Malcolm, but this isn't a warship. I can see that. Run this by the senior officers, get some feedback, and we'll talk again. And Malcolm, don't call it battle stations. Think of something less aggressive. [Mess hall] Tthe tables are full with people eating from bowls, using chop sticks. Hoshi is walking amongst them.) When I was about eight years old, my father took me on a tour of the Warp Five facility outside of Bozeman, Montana. He introduced me to the people he worked with. Scientists with names like Tasaki and Cochrane. At the time, I didn't realise the significance of those names or the significance of my father's work. (Porthos barks) Computer, pause. I'll feed you in a minute. Computer, resume recording. In a way, creating a stable warp field mirrored the, the flux of emotions my father felt when he embarked on. Computer, pause. Delete the last paragraph. Hell, delete the whole thing. (Porthos barks again) Quiet. (The little dog goes to his cushion and sulks.) [T'Pol's quarters] What happened to my chair? Is that why you called me down here? Isn't that used for aligning phase coils? As long as I'm down here, maybe I can get your opinion. (reading from PADD) How does one measure a man's legacy? Is it defined by the works he's created, the technological advances that will forever alter the course of human history? If so, then no man since Zephram Cochrane, himself has made a more lasting contribution to the future of humankind than my father, Doctor Henry Archer. What do you think? Let me read you the rest. (Tucker is intent on the scan results on his monitor.) It's just a few more pages. Nineteen. I've got a lot to say. What's that supposed to mean? You're lucky you're a decent engineer because you obviously don't know anything about writing. Where's lunch? I don't have a minute. Report! (Reed stands with his arms folded, shaking his head.) Shut off that damn noise. Shut it off. I don't recall authorising a tactical drill. What? Hey, hey, hey, hey. (He shoves Tucker against the bulkhead himself.) I don't care what colour the headrest is, or whether it can serve me iced tea. I just want a place to sit when I'm on duty. (Then he does the Go away. (T'Pol comes in anyway.) ARCHER: Do I have to start locking my door? Is that right? (he goes over to the monitor, which shows the words he read to Tucker earlier.) I'm busy. Dismissed. I gave you an order. I suggest you follow it, or I'll have you confined to your quarters, until, until a Vulcan ship can come and get you. (He manhandles her out of the room.) [Sickbay] (Phlox is in full latex surgery gear, with Travis strapped to a table.) I told you not to disturb me. (T'Pol hauls him to his feet.) What are you doing? What? The one with the black hole? Turn it off. Yes. Radiation. Tell Phlox, if the the crew's sick. Tell Phlox. But not you? Bring us about. Turn the ship around. (She turns the water off and gets him a towel.) Lousy coffee. Travis. I'm in no condition to fly a starship. (at the helm) But you said bearing two point four. My mistake. Twelve point four. (There's a lot of juddering I'm good for that. Hold on, hold on. Zero what? Mark two-seven. (The hull echoes as boulders bounce off it.) Hang on a second. I feel like I'm in flight school again. I see it. (The rock shatters as they approach.) ARCHER: We need phase cannons. Fire! (Two shots clear their path of danger.) ARCHER: Could you shut Any more surprises? How's the crew? What procedure on Mister Mayweather? I did. When T'Pol and I were navigating the debris field your Tactical Alert went off. You shouldn't have. They brought the weapons online right when we needed them. If you have no objection I'd like to make it standard procedure. You still need to work on that alarm. It doesn't look any different to me. It feels better. What'd you do? What did you do? It seems totally different. That's all? I think this'll be fine, Commander. Thanks. This'll be fine. (Tucker leaves, giving a thumbs up to Archer, which is returned. After a couple of moments, Archer gets up and goes over to T'Pol with his PADD.) How does this sound? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
What have you got in mind? Go ahead. Put them through to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer of the Starship Enterprise. Something we can do for you? What circumstances? Our top speed is warp five. [Situation room] How long until it hits? We can't fit eighty three people into Sickbay, and I'm not about to draw lots. (Tucker studies a schematic on another monitor.) They are heavily shielded. Some kind of osmium alloy, if I remember. Doctor? I don't see that we have any choice. We'll use the Catwalk, and set up a command station in one of the compartments. Sorry to keep you in there so long. Please. My Science Officer tells me you're from the Takret system. That's a long way from here. Really? Once we get out of the storm maybe you can help us update our star charts. Come in. (T'Pol enters) I didn't expect it to be beautiful. Too bad we don't have time to run some scans. I'm a little nervous about shutting down the power grid. I did a little research in the Vulcan database. That Class five storm a century ago involved the Starship T'Plana. Apparently, they couldn't outrun the wavefront. It was lost with all hands. I thought you said it was nearly destroyed. (at helm) Bridge to Commander Tucker. Ready for the handoff? [Catwalk command area] See you in a few minutes. Archer out. Let's close up shop. (At the press of a button, main power goes down everywhere, to be replaced by low level emergency lighting.) [Catwalk command area] Done a head count? Maybe later. Where's the comm.? (Tucker gestures to a column.) ARCHER: All hands, this is the Captain. This catwalk is going to be our home for a while. A week, maybe more. You may not be comfortable, but you'll be alive. We have the best crew in the fleet and the sturdiest ship. I Polarise the hull plating. (Enterprise turns to face the oncoming storm.) Travis? All hands, brace for impact. (It gets very rough, and Porthos decides to hide.) Solkar, I think. Don't mention it. (He moves over to Hoshi.) ARCHER: How're you holding up? (Hoshi iscleaning her teeth with a light brush.) Your quarters will probably feel like a ballroom after this. (There's another shake) I'll see what I can do. (He walks under the privacy curtain that will divide the women from the men - a blanket actually. The alien guests have also put blankets up around their area to screen it off. Subtitles give some of the incidental conversations.) (referring to aliens) How're they doing? Let's give them a little time to adjust. There'll be other canyons. (In another part of the catwalk.) Feeling all right, Malcolm? Any problems with the crew? I could see about moving some of this to the aft section. I didn't realise space was at a premium on Denobula. Let me know if you change your mind. [Catwalk command area] Travis? Wake me if there's a problem. When we're past those eddies, try and get some rest yourself. Ensign Tanner can relieve you. Good night. (bed is a mattress to the rear of the area, with T'Pol curled up working on the other side of the room. Porthos joins his master for a good petting session then trots back to his basket) Go on. Go to sleep. (Archer turns on his PADD to watch a water polo match, complete with sound and his own reactions. He feels T'Pol's glare hitting him and looks up.) Does this bother you? Only slightly. (She turns off her PADD and lies down.) You know, there's a bright side to all of this. It's bringing the crew closer together. If you forget about the storm outside, this is almost like going on a camping trip. Haven't you ever gone camping? Sounds fun. You haven't left the command area much today. You might want to wander around, get to know the crew. There's a lot more to these people than just their names. It'd be good for you to fraternise a little. Does it have to be? Here's a chance to learn.(Tucker, Malcolm, Hoshi and Travis are playing poker.) Archer to Tucker. I need you in the command area right away. We may have a problem in Engineering. Not happy with your bunk mates? Don't forget they're the ones who warned us about the storm. We owe them. Be patient. Two sensor glitches? Can you shut them down? It'd be best not to take the scenic route. (Tucker heads out into the darkened ship, and quickly gets to Engineering. Once there, he turns on a status monitor, them notices a piece of equipment on the floor. He checks the injectors and sees they have been tampered with. Then he hears someone else moving around and turns off his lights, along with the monitor screen he had activated. He hides and watches two figures moving around. The intruders go to the injectors and do something, so Trip sets off an alarm to distract them while he makes his escape. The aliens are not wearing space suits, by the way. Out in a corridor, three more aliens march past. They look as if they are in uniforms. Trip avoids them, then goes to a porthole and looks out. There is a ship docked alongside. He activates a monitor and calls up the Bridge security camera. There are aliens there too, who look like the visitors in the Catwalk.) [Ready room] (The person in charge is going through the crew manifest on Archer's monitor.) Captain's Starlog, February 9, 2152. The Vulcans have allowed the Mazarites to leave. Ambassador V'Lar says there's a 2152. We've responded to a distress call from a vessel in the [Catwalk] (A crowd has gathered at the alien's area.) Who are they? What are they doing here? They just happened to find Enterprise in the middle of a class five neutronic storm? Where three members of their own species just happened to be taking refuge? I get the feeling they must be looking for you. Answer me! What do they want with you? You're deserters. You're assuming these three are telling the truth. They've already lied to us. Even if we could get the suits, we only have twenty two minutes in the radiation. Hard to believe we could re-take the ship in that (the group stops and stares as they see the warp engines coming on line) How long do we have? How long? Forget it, Trip. You've already been exposed. Tell Travis to wait for my signal. [Bridge] I'll see you back at the catwalk. Don't be late. (sounding as if he's dying) You're in my chair. They're dead, killed by the storm. Thanks for your condolences. Now, why don't you get the hell off my ship. I've been watching you, I know you're trying to take Enterprise. I'm not going to let you. I don't recognise your authority. I answer to Starfleet Command, and I'm under orders to use any means necessary to keep my ship from falling into enemy hands. You're leaving me no choice. I'll destroy Enterprise. You would be surprised. (ends transmission) (sounding very healthy) It's time to change course, Travis. Head straight for that plasma eddy. Try and keep us in one piece. I'm on my way back. Archer out. (Archer goes back into the galley, and gets shot at. He takes cover and returns fire) [Bridge] Travis, I hope you're not still heading for that eddy. Our friends are gone. All hands, this is the Captain. Thanks to some fine piloting by Travis Mayweather, we're going to be moving out of the storm a little earlier than expected. We should be clear in a few minutes. (A round of applause and the house lights come up.) Where're you headed next? Good luck.
I need to ask you some questions. It won't take long. You programmed a PADD to unlock every security door in the building. Why invest so much time and energy on things no one will ever use? Genetic engineering has caused a lot of suffering. Someone attacked a Klingon Bird of Prey. The entire crew was massacred. The ship is missing. Whoever's responsible jettisoned the Klingon crew into space. DNA was recovered from the bodies. Not quite. They were Augments. Their genetically-enhanced DNA matched embryos stolen from a medical facility over twenty years ago. Stolen by you. [Bridge] (Enterprise is still in Spacedock, and the senior staff are in casual clothes.) Soong used to work at Cold Station 12, a top secret medical research station. Along with genetically-engineered embryos left over from the Eugenics Wars. It's been kept from the public for obvious reasons. Now he now claims that he took them to a planet in the Trialus System and raised them. They were around ten years old when he was captured, a decade ago. We don't know. Neither does Soong. At least he claims he doesn't. But he does think he can convince them to surrender without a fight. There's also the fact that he spent time in the Borderland. The Klingons have threatened to retaliate with everything they've got. We're the fastest ship and the most experienced crew. We have to find the Augments and bring them back. It's the only way to avert a war. We launch in six hours. [Klingon Bridge] This is my Science Officer, T'Pol. My Tactical Officer, Lieutenant Reed. We've prepared some quarters. You'll be under guard at all times. If you should decide you need to clear your head. It's this way. (The group head off down a corridor.) I'll have the information sent to your quarters. I'll consider it. [Bridge] (Tucker is putting the finishing touches to the new Captain's chair when T'Pol brings him a PADD.) I like it. Here we are again. (He looks around at his senior staff.) ARCHER: Wouldn't have it any other way. Travis. (Umbilicals are released, the engines glow blue, and NX01 Enterprise glides out of her cradle - and zaps straight to warp.) [Ready room] I just received an intelligence report. A Klingon warship was spotted near Proxima colony. Admiral Forrest thinks they could be conducting reconnaissance for a future strike. I wanted to keep you up to date. Small chance. One other thing. (He picks up a wooden, brass-bound Interesting way of saying hello. Hoshi? Keep firing. A weapon? They took nine people, including T'Pol. How do I get them back? That's not what I asked you. (into communicator) Archer to Bridge. Set a course for Verex Three, best possible speed. What'll happen to them there? I have the feeling you've found your way in. One step at a time. [Klingon ship - corridor] Give it time. Phlox. Transponder. It has a range of ten kilometres. That's enough. Over here. (A dark-haired woman stands, but Archer gestures and she quietly sits down again.) Those devices on their necks. So if we try to beam them out? They sell their own people? Come on. (They head off to the cages of sold slaves.) T'Pol. You all right? Nine. We've located five, so far. We're working on a way to try and (into communicator) Archer to Enterprise. We've located everyone, including T'Pol. I'm going to need six kilos of tritanium cobalt. Make that nine. I'll explain later. Just get it ready. They normally remove the restraint after a sale. We used the extra tritanium to bribe one of the guards to deactivate it but leave it on him. T'Pol's already been sold. We don't have time to try and buy them all. T'Pol could be shipped out any second. Work fast. [Klingon ship] (A clandestine meeting is taking place.) Got it. (He distracts a guard so Soong can inject him with something. It takes a few sways, but the giant finally topples onto his back. They're seen by someone though, as Soong goes to the control panels and starts working with the code. In the main market, the Slaver and her Tellarite purchaser comes for T'Pol.) Trip, start beaming them, five at a time. (Soong knocks him down with an Orion pain stick too.) Trip, have you got everyone? [Bridge] Soong got away. [Orion Slave Market] Locate him and beam him up. (Soong uses the Orion pain stick directly against where the transponder was injected.) [Bridge] Can you scan for his biosign? [Bridge] Trip, two to beam up. [Brig] (Archer is pacing up and down outside, furious.) You knew exactly where the Orions were operating. You knew they'd abduct members of my crew. Maybe you were even hoping they'd get you. You were determined to escape, no matter who got hurt. Nine of my people were nearly sold into slavery. Two of them may have permanent physical damage because of the restraints. Is that supposed to justify what you did? Then tell me how to find the Augments. You know where they're going. They're dangerous. Why me? My father has nothing to do with this. I'm going to find them, Doctor, whether you help me or not. [Sickbay] (A somewhat crowded area, with seven patients lying on beds, and one sitting up reading a PADD.) This is Captain Archer of the Starship They were members of my crew. You kidnapped them. That isn't going to happen. (another bang) Malcolm. (The ships exchange phaser fire.) Torpedoes. (Reed's console explodes in flames) When he tried to escape, I saw him access a console. In the Brig. I can't allow that. My ship wouldn't have been in danger if we hadn't come looking for you. My orders are to take you back to Earth. You attacked a Klingon vessel. They're threatening war. You think he was talking about you? Soong, listen to me.
Morning, Daniels. I thought this was Taylor's shift. No problem. There's a stellar nursery not far from here. We detected several ships inside. We thought we might go say hello. No, thanks, I'm fine. [Bridge] What have you got? Put it up. (The ship is on the viewscreen.) Hail them. My name is Archer. I'm Captain of the starship Enterprise. We're from Earth. We thought we'd introduce ourselves. Nothing. We're new to this region and we're eager to make contact with other species. If you don't mind my asking, what brings you here? The, the what? Mind if we join you? I'd like to extend an invitation to you and your passengers to visit Enterprise. Understood, Mister? Looks like we could be having guests. Tell Chef to prepare something. [Docking port] Welcome aboard. Captain Jonathan Archer. It's customary on Earth to greet someone with a handshake. (Archer holds his hand out to an alien with a very high forehead with ridged domes.) Thanks. It's beautiful. What exactly is it? You're very generous. I'm afraid the only thing we have to offer you is our hospitality. Our chef has prepared a meal in your honour. Please. (He leads the way.) [Mess hall] (A buffet meal. Some crew are in casual dress.) Four months, three weeks and We've seen a lot since we left Earth but I have to say that this place is definitely one of the highlights. I didn't realise you were familiar with Earth religions, Doctor. I guess you could say I try to keep an open mind. Excuse me. Archer to the Bridge. Report. [Bridge] I'm afraid we have to cut the tour a little short. I'll be on the Bridge. [Bridge] (Lightning strikes the ship.) Report. Trip. [Engineering] What's happening? Good work, Trip. [Engineering] Sorry about the bad weather. If any of your group would like to watch the Great Plume from our Mess Hall, they're welcome to come back tomorrow. Have a great time, Doctor. I'll expect a full report in the morning. Hope to see you tomorrow. Go ahead, Trip. On my way. [Engineering] What is it, Trip? What? (Tucker reachs into where the alien stuck his arm.) Yeah. What are you getting at? One of your staff? Sounds to me like you've got a hero who's a little reluctant about taking credit. Talk to them again. Whoever did this deserves a commendation. Thank you, Captain. If anyone comes forward, you'll let me know? Why don't you talk to one of my Bridge officers. I'm a little busy right now. I'm sorry Daniels, I've got my hands full. What about them? How the hell do you know what I did on the Helix? My ready room. What? What is that? That doesn't look like Starfleet issue. Who are you? How do you know what happened on the Helix? I'm the one asking questions, crewman. What do you know about that? If you're not a member of Starfleet, then who are you? I've never heard of a group like that. So you're telling me you're some kind of a time traveller? Overwhelming doesn't quite cover it. Are you human? And the people giving Silik orders? But not you? Sounds dangerous. But it wasn't. That's what the Temporal Cold War is all about. Why are you telling me all this? Are you implying Silik was sent here to save my ship, and if he hadn't we would have been destroyed today? You're from nine hundred years in the future, and you need my help? I've noticed. If I decide to help you I can't do it alone. I need to inform some of my crew. You sure you don't want a glass? The Suliban woman I spoke with, Sarin, she also used the phrase Temporal Cold War. The same words. What about the Suliban's genetic engineering? Phlox says it's far beyond their abilities. I'm telling you, he pushed a button on this device and the whole room changed. If there's even a possibility that this cold war exists, we can't ignore Daniels' request. Yes, Hoshi. Initiate docking procedures. I'll be right there. One of them might be Silik. We don't have time to debate this any longer. (to T'Pol) I want you to help Daniels. [Turbolift] I take it you enjoyed your visit. How many decided to join us? So that leaves six on the transport? Did any of them seem out of place? Did they all take part in the rituals? No, just curious. It's been a long night. Glad you had a good time. Enjoy the view. I know, I know, your breakfast is two hours late. Don't give me that look. If it's any consolation I missed my breakfast, too. (Porthos keeps barking.) What's the problem? You're not getting any cheese. (Porthos ignores his bowl and starts growling. Archer moves to the comm.) What are you doing here? I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know. And why would you want to do that? The first time we met, you tried to kill me. By whom? What does Enterprise have to do with your temporal war? Archer here. Thanks. I'll be there in a few minutes. He'll have to wait a few minutes. Archer out. It was Silik. I guess he decided not to try and kill me this time. Have our guests left yet? Enterprise to Captain Fraddock. I'm looking for one of your passengers. Have any of the ones who were here returned in the last hour or so? You're sure? Thanks. Archer out. (He opens another channel.) Mister Reed. [Bridge] We've got a Suliban loose on the ship. [Archer's quarters] I want you to lock down every outer door and exit hatch. Post security teams on all decks. Do you think you can find him using Daniels' sensors? Get to Engineering. T'Pol. Thanks, Doc. [Daniels quarters] (Archer takes the case from the locker and opens it.) It's gone. He took it. The device I told you about. The one Daniels used to show me all those things. That kind of information could give an advantage to whomever Silik's working for. Go ahead. [Bridge] What kind of message? Anything? Tell Malcolm to meet me with a security team. Stay here. [Service Junction 59] Put that device on the floor. You keep saying you're here to help us, but I can't stop wondering what kind of genetic enhancements you'll get for bringing back that little prize. Eyes in the back of your head? A pair of wings? I'm not going to ask you again. Put it down. Yeah. [Bridge] No. Let 'em go. [Ready room] (Archer admires his new clock.) Come in. Not a clue. Starfleet's in store for one hell of a report. I'm not quite sure where to begin. First thing in the morning. I don't know about you, but I could use a good night's sleep. Mister Reed, assign new quarters to Daniels' roommate and seal off cabin E-14. It's off-limits til further notice. God knows what else is in there. Let's get back on the road, Travis. (A big security magnetic lock is clamped on Daniels' door and the light glows red.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
My name is Captain Archer from the starship Enterprise. We tried to hail you, but there was no response. That must make it difficult to do business. A Kreetassan merchant told us this was a deuterium facility. Our supply will be gone in less than two weeks. I apologise, but when you didn't respond to our hails. You sure you couldn't spare a few hundred litres? It seems that there might be an opportunity for us to help each other. We can't spare that many. Maybe three. Actually, no. I'd enjoy seeing how your facility works. Four power cells and whatever medical supplies we can spare. Commander Tucker and his team will do the best they can. Agreed. [Sickbay] (The woman is gazing at a four-legged starfish in a tank.) You've been to other colonies that trade deuterium, haven't you? Are they all this rustic? Their equipment's falling apart. Half these structures look like they're about to collapse. Phlox tells me they don't even have basic medical supplies. Deuterium is a highly valuable commodity. You'd think these people would be better off. Then why do they need us to finish fixing their pumps in two days? What's the hurry? [Bridge] Archer to Enterprise. Have the Klingons detected Enterprise yet? [Bridge] Travis, adjust your orbit. [Bridge] Keep Enterprise out of sight. So this is your exclusive arrangement? Maybe there's something we can do. Mister Reed. We'll be at the landing site. (Tucker sees Q'ell looking wistfully after him.) Come in. So that's it? We just take our deuterium and leave? They work their asses off to provide for their families and then the Klingons just stroll in and rob them blind. Does that seem right to you? Malcolm tells me that Klingon ship isn't much more than a freighter. I'd lay odds they're no match for Enterprise. We could try to contact the Klingon High Council. We saved Klaang from the Suliban, we pulled one of their battle cruisers out of a gas giant. I say they owe us a favour. I already know where Vulcans stand on interfering with other cultures but this isn't a culture. Seventy six settlers are being preyed upon. If this were an Earth colony I'd be grateful if someone showed up to give me a hand. I just hate the idea of turning our backs. [Settlement] (It's nighttime, and Tessic is working on a machine.) Need a hand? Okay. This one? Sometimes I have a bad habit of overstaying my welcome. Seems to me this crawler's the least of your problems. You said they've been coming here for what, five seasons? How much longer do you plan on letting this go on? Another five? I had a talk with my tactical officer. We're confident you have the ability to defend yourselves. It would be different this time. We would help you prepare. There's a saying on my world. Give a man a fish and he eats for a day. Teach him to fish, and he eats for a lifetime. [Inside a module] (A table has been laid out with an assortment of weaponry.) You're going to lure them into a trap. That's where deception and surprise come in. Did you bring the map I asked you for? The structures in the colony, they're mostly modular, right? So you're saying you could relocate these buildings in a relatively short time. About fifty metres to the south, right here. They'll have to be capped off, and camouflaged. We've got three days. We should get to work. Thanks. How are things going with the pumps? Let me know. (Archer takes another piece of furniture.) ARCHER: I got it. If you need more people. I thought taking the town apart was tough. But putting it back together. Do you think it's a mistake? I've never liked bullies, Trip. Not on Earth and not out here. [Armoury] (Three men, a woman and Travis are attending the defence class.) We had a little trouble moving one of the pumps, but it's in place now. We're ready. We left Earth just over a year ago to explore, to meet people like you. We'd only been out of Spacedock for three days when we found ourselves in a full-fledged firefight with some pretty nasty characters called the Suliban. I got shot in the leg. Just before I passed out I remembered thinking this isn't what I signed up for. I should be mapping star clusters or making first contact with friendly species. But when those Suliban started firing at my crew I knew I didn't have any choice but to fight back. I'm not ashamed to admit I was nervous. I'm nervous now. But I know we can do this. (comm. chirps) Archer. Acknowledged. [Settlement] (The wind blows through the deserted settlement as the Klingons beam in.) They're too far south. Everybody, this way. (The Klingons spot them moving, and some throw down their bat'leths to draw their disruptors.) A few more metres. (Korok's hobnails connect with metal in the ground, and he finally takes note of the landscape.) Now. (Trip sets off his charges and the Klingons are surrounded by a circle of fire.) They're all yours, Tessic. There must be over a thousand litres here. Our deal was for two hundred. Have a good season. (They get into the shuttlepod and fly off, leaving the deuterium behind.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
 About time you showed up. Our mission's changed quite a bit since the last time I saw you, but I suppose you're aware of it. Maybe you could fill in a few of the blanks for me. The Xindi weapon would be a good place to start. I thought you and your colleagues were supposed to be keeping an eye on the time line. You're from the thirtieth century. Hasn't all this happened already? How could that be? But they are happening. The time traveller, the man the Suliban worked for. He's the one who told us about the weapon being built. Should I believe him? You said I'm supposed to play some crucial part in history. Does this have something to do with it? You're not being very helpful. Why are you here? This Expanse is filled with Xindi. Sorry to get you up, but this couldn't wait. I just had a visit from Daniels. I think all your doubts about time travel are about to go out the window. Daniels and his team have discovered three Reptilians on Earth in the early twenty first century. He wants to send us back to find out what they're doing. He told me I could bring one person, no more. It took him a long while to get permission to interact with me. There are clearances. He said it would take too much time. He said the three Xindi travelled to Earth from our century. They've been there for two months. They're not sight-seeing, T'Pol. We have to find out what they're up to. He wants us to meet him in the Command Centre at oh eight hundred tomorrow. (to Porthos) Come on, boy. Check the database. Find something to wear that won't stand out in 2004. [Corridor] He gave me this, said he'd return us whenever we signalled him. I'm sure you'll think of something. Try to stay out of trouble. Here's the duty roster. (Archer and T'Pol walk into the Command Centre which is now) [Detroit, street at night] And a hundred and fifty years into the past. You will be. Come on. (They walk along scanning parked cars at Foot controls. (They eventually drive off) What year is that map from? (T'Pol reads her PADD.) The layout shouldn't have changed a lot in two years. If that thing has a scanning radius of three kilometres, how far are we going to have to drive to cover the entire city? It's a gasoline pump. We need to get fuel. Where isn't the problem. We're going to need money. US currency. Not necessarily. [Outside bank] (The scanner persuades an ATM to dispense notes.) People used to go to jail for this. They had been for thirty years, but it wasn't until 2061 that they finally (The scanner beeps.) Any humans? This doesn't look very residential. Set your phase pistol to kill. When the Reptilians boarded Enterprise, stun had no effect. See what you can find out. I'll look over there. [Outside the warehouse] (In different places, talking over their communicators. T'Pol is by the security fence, Archer by the wall.) There's a neutronic power source coming from the first floor. I see it. Here he comes. (They follow.) [Loomis' apartment] (Back home, Loomis paces a bit, then gets another beer, sits on his bed and starts going through files.) And the man in the wheelchair. Why were you bringing him to an abandoned factory in the middle of the night? Why would you take it? You make it a habit of climbing out your window when someone knocks on the door? Tell us about your friends on Carpenter Street. You were there an hour ago with the man in the wheelchair. Now tell me who's inside that factory. Untie him. I didn't feel right doing that with you tied up. Carpenter Street. Untie him again. How many? How did this doctor find you. What's he paying you? What does he look like? You are going to do it again. That is, if you have any hope of staying out of prison. These two files, AB positive and B negative, they're the final two? Well, then you're looking at your next victim, a healthy male with B negative blood. [In the truck] What side of the street is it on? (At the drive-through burger shop.) One Double Superbeef without lettuce, please. A double will be fine. A hamburger, ketchup only. No, thank you. No, no combo. You're sure? Do the best you can. (A piece of meat falls in T'Pol's lap.) They brought a bio-reactor with them. They're synthesising some kind of viral agent. [Warehouse - looking down on the Xindi lab]  Rajiin warned us about a bio-weapon. This could be it. [Outside warehouse] Daniels said they might be hiding from someone. [Warehouse - looking down on the Xindi lab]  The past seems like a pretty good place to hide. [Outside warehouse] ARCHER  I don't know. I was thinking about trying to take out the bio-reactor, but I could end up spreading whatever's in there across half the city. [Outside factory]  I've got to find it first. [Outside warehouse] (into communicator) They've gone out the west door. They could be headed for the street. They have the virus. [Outside factory - west]  T'Pol. They're in the west alley way north of the main [Outside warehouse] ARCHER Come on. [Warehouse rooftop] (The Xindi finds an extractor fan and takes the virus out of it's case. Archer fires at him and he hides.) He's trying to release the toxin. If he's trying to destroy humanity, he's not going to be able to do it with that. They only modified the virus for six blood types. Let's hope he can't see in the dark. Keep laying down fire. (He circles around, jumping across a narrow alley to get behind and above the Reptilian.) Don't move a muscle. Drop it. Why a second weapon? Where were you going to take it? Let's go. [Corridor] It's done. Archer to Lieutenant Reed. Get a team down to the Command centre on the double. (to T'Pol) Wait here for Malcolm. Have everything brought to Cargo Bay two. I've got to get this to Phlox.
You haven't stopped talking about this for a week. Did I ever tell you about meeting Zefram Cochrane? Then you know I understand how you feel. [Transporter alcove] (Tucker relieves the officer then starts smartening up his uniform.) You want a mirror? Hello, Emory. Good to see you. (they kiss and hug) My Chief Engineer, Commander Charles Tucker. Danica. Trip. [Corridor] (Danica pushes the wheelchair as they head off along the corridor again.) As long as you return it in good condition. Sounds like you're trying to put me out of a job. Maybe you will put me out of a job. I remember you and my father having similar discussions. I have to confess, given a choice, I'd much rather use a good old-fashioned shuttlepod. You know the ship like a member of the crew. Still wonder why you haven't signed on. Your father seems like he can take care of himself. He sure hasn't lost any of his edge. So, why are you still on Earth? It's been fourteen years. He lost a son. If you leave, he'll lose a daughter. And if the test doesn't go well? We both grew up with fathers who could be pretty demanding. Maybe you should start thinking more about yourself. I know. It's hard taking advice from someone who used to chase you around the backyard with a plastic laser pistol. Can you pinpoint it? The lights were malfunctioning. It showed up at the same time, in the same location. Can't have been a coincidence. Something out here killed one of my crewmen. What is it? Of course. [Erickson's quarters] (into comm.) Looks like it arrived in good condition. We're already getting back data. Congratulations, Emory. Come in. What are you saying? Yeah. Maybe he needs the power for another phase of the experiment. When I asked Emory about the anomaly that killed Burrows, he claimed he'd never heard of anything like it. Something very similar appeared on Emory's research ship five years ago. T'Pol dug up the report from Starfleet's data banks. A crew member saw it. Said it seemed to be alive. Go ahead. On my way. [C deck, section 5] (With weapons at the ready, the Captain and a pair of MACOs join T'Pol where the lights are flickering.) What's your best guess? (to the MACOs) Take section three. Take section four. Don't let it touch you. Can you slow it down? (The image starts to look humanoid.) ARCHER: Hold it. Enhance. A little more. (A recognisably human face appears and Archer goes pensive.) It's Quinn. Emory's son. [Erickson's quarters] (Looking at the image on the desk monitor.) Emory? What are you talking about? You let him go through with the test? I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about Quinn. You said you came here to get him back? You could've told me all of this before. A member of my crew is dead. You want me to believe you? You were like my second father. You should've trusted me. Is that the truth? You've been lying to me since you came aboard. I want you both to work with Emory, give him whatever help he needs. What is it, Trip? It won't happen again. We'll alert the crew to the danger. I know there's a risk. We're talking one more day. That's all Emory needs. I believe him. That's not why I'm doing this. Quinn's signal is getting weaker, Trip. It's been decaying for the past fifteen years. Emory says if we don't do something now, we'll never get him back in one piece. We have a responsibility to help. I'm aware of that. But we're here. We can't just turn the ship around and leave a man to die. You have your orders. I suggest you get started. [Transporter alcove] And an appetite to match. We can't change what's happened. Maybe some good can come out of it. Let's hope when this is over, you'll have something else to think about. [Engineering] Archer. [Bridge] Keep monitoring. Will it affect the transporter? We're not going to have this argument again. If we beam Quinn aboard there won't be any more of these manifestations. Trip. And you are this close to insubordination. I've made a decision. It's the right decision, and the discussion is over. Can you accept that? Now go do your job. When will that be? We're ready. Forget it. Let's make it worthwhile. Let's get Quinn back. I don't blame you. On the day before I entered flight training, I asked my father pretty much the same thing. Don't fail. He didn't need to be. [Transporter alcove] T'Pol. [Bridge] Go ahead. [Bridge] Emory, Emory, you can't save him. If it means anything, my guess is Quinn would feel the same way. I've been in contact with Starfleet. I'm sure they'll take your achievements into consideration. I always thought she should be out here. You'd probably be good at it. Safe journey. Good luck.
 Previously on Enterprise  (Enterprise is under attack) Evasive manoeuvres. Get our people back. Did we get everyone? Shran, listen to me. The ship that attacked you wasn't Tellarite. You're both being set up. Someone didn't want this conference to go forward. (Naarg shoots Talas and gets shot himself.) It was a heavily-armed scoutship with a crew of seventeen. There were no survivors. Rigelians transmitted a visual record of the ship that attacked them. (A grainy image of Enterprise is put on the monitor.) I'm told their Trade Commission is demanding compensation, and my arrest. Whoever's behind these attacks, they're trying to do more than provoke a war between Andorians and Tellarites. This is an attempt to destabilise the entire region. We need to find the marauder before it attacks again. How many ships will it take to make this work? There's just one way we can get that many ships to help us. [Sickbay]  How is she? I have a proposal. Come in. (T'Pol enters.) Admiral Gardner just called. He's sending every ship available, but at top speed it'll take weeks for most of them to get here. She's stuck in dry dock. Engine trouble. Did you get through to your people? That's all? T'Pau could have picked a better time to clean house. I'm thinking of asking them to join us. Without more ships, our sensor net's going to have a gaping hole. The marauder could fly right through it, and we'd never know. Not yet. An Andorian captain might have a problem taking orders from a Tellarite? There's one species that's on friendly terms with both of them. Humans. Enterprise could serve as the command ship, relaying all orders. The other ships would only have to exchange communication codes. You don't sound too optimistic. As far as I know, no one's ever tried to get them together before. From what I've heard about these Romulans, they mean business. If they're behind these attacks, we have to find some way to stop them, or next time, they might come back with a thousand of those ships. [Romulan ship] If you're waiting for me to stop you, don't worry. I won't. And I heard what you said. So now it's time for both of you to listen to me. Instead of insulting you to make you feel at home, and putting up with your arrogance as a sign of my respect, why don't the two of you try behaving like humans for a change? There's one thing humans seem to do better than any species we've met. When we're faced with a common threat, we put our differences aside and try to co-operate. Someone is determined to start a war in this region. I've shown you how we can stop them. But if you don't understand that, feel free to strangle each other. Just remember, that's exactly what this marauder wants you to do. [Romulan ship] (Tucker and Reed have taken their helmets off now.) Gral's informed me that the Tellarites are also taking part, so they'll need these codes as well. I appreciate your cooperation. Try? A few of them are a bit before my time, but they were all named Enterprise. This one sailed Earth's oceans almost four hundred years ago. There's no reason our people can't become allies. Go ahead. PHLOX [OC]: I require you in Sickbay as soon as possible. [Sickbay] (Archer is already there with Phlox, in front of the closed curtain, when Shran bursts in with his MACO shadow.) Shran. (He goes into the cubicle and weeps over her body.) Now comes the hard part. We have to sit and wait. I've noticed. Maybe that's something we can work (The door bursts open and the MACOs bar Shran's way.) We're listening. (The Tellarites sit, and the MACOs come in to keep an eye on things.) That's enough! That's not going to happen on my ship. What tradition? I don't think that's going to be an issue. Ambassador Gral's refusing to let Naarg fight. What else do we know about this tradition? [Shran's quarters] (Shran is sharpening his blade when Archer comes in.) Two hours ago, we spoke about a new partnership between Andoria and Earth. You're throwing it away for personal vengeance. I spoke to Ambassador Gral about the rules of the Ushann. Specifically, the right of substitution. Not the Ambassador. I'm the substitute. You're going to have to fight me. Then call it off. Come in. You expect me to lose? He can't. I understand. If I kill Shran, or one of the Tellarites does, the Andorians will pull out anyway. The Tellarites'll do the same thing if Shran kills one of them. So, I'm the only one who can be killed, because Starfleet won't withdraw. This operation is important, considering that it might lead to an alliance of planets. If I've learned anything these past few years on Enterprise, it's that the future isn't fixed. Then I'd better make sure that nothing does. [Bridge] (Hoshi is still at her station, going through Andorian documents.) How about I just win? Things have a way of turning out differently than we expect. Let's get this over with. I got a ship to run. (The metal 'shields' on their left hands are chained together.) Not today. You think I'm losing? I'm just trying to make you look good in front of your soldiers. (Archer manages to get the chain around Shran's throat.) Now do you give up? Wrong choice. (He brings the Ushann Tor down in a fast, vicious blow.) [Sickbay] (Shran is still alive, but missing an antenna.) I considered it, but I still need your help. (Shran stumbles off the bed and looking at his reflection.) I was told that the loss of an antenna wasn't critical. And that the Ushann is settled when one fighter is rendered defenceless. Are we done? Can you pick up biosigns? Travis, plot an intercept course. Take us to maximum warp. Alert the fleet. [Command area] On screen. Magnify. (And the image they see is -) Check their power signature. Tactical alert. Charge weapons. [Control area] Can you get a transporter lock? Open a channel. Archer to Tucker and Reed. Respond. Target its weapons. Take out the emitters, but don't puncture the hull. (Enterprise swoops in, and the image of the ship fluctuates as the shots hit their targets, until it becomes its true self.) [Romulan ship] (Where things are also going bang.) You have to get closer to the hull. [Romulan ship] Can you do that? Shut down weapons. All power to hull plating. Travis, bring us about. Trip, Malcolm, we can make one more pass. Get the hell out of there. [Control area] Tell them not to fire. Our people are out there. [Control area] Anyone out there need a lift? (Enterprise sails up and beams them onboard.) [EV suit lockers] The marauder got away. One of the Tellarite ships was hit. An Andorian warship rescued the crew. Why wait until we get to Babel? [Control area]
Come in. How are the Tesnians doing? What about the other, what is it, twenty two? Have you learned their language? What do they have to say? They're alive. Does the Captain have any idea what happened? Thank God their escape pods were working. Archer to Mayweather. What's our ETA? Good work. That should get us back to our rendezvous co-ordinates well before Trip and Malcolm get there. Let's drop out of warp for a few minutes. I want to inspect the damage to the launch doors. Who's in charge of Engineering while Trip's away? Tell her to get a team working on a new starboard door for launch bay two. (They glide underneath the gaping hole and twisted Micro-singularities are a Vulcan myth. There's no scientific evidence that they exist. Any similar damage on Enterprise? Micro-singularities. If the Vulcans had their way they'd blame them for the common cold. [Shuttlepod] You're a very brave man, Malcolm. Commander Tucker's going to be fine, thanks to you. Come in. You still chasing gremlins? You're telling me these are tiny black holes? I'd be a little less concerned with winning the Nobel Prize right now and a little more concerned with Trip and Malcolm. Their shuttlepod doesn't have the hull plating we do. They could be in for a rough ride when they get back to the asteroid field. Better hail them. Agree to a new rendezvous point. Time's a-wasting. [Shuttlepod] (It's now minus 5C, baseball caps are firmly on and jackets zipped up to the chin.) Easy, Malcolm. You fellows had a nice little bout with hypothermia. He's going to be fine. Hard to miss. You know, you guys only had two or three hours of air left. I'll tell you all about it in the morning. Right now, the Doctor needs to warm you up a few degrees. (Archer leaves.)
Did you get that? Ask what we did wrong. Well? Whatever we've done to offend you, I apologize. It better be important. Thanks. I'll have the steward send some up. Thought we'd set a course for this brown dwarf system. Looks interesting. Maybe later. The finals? Come on, come on. Goal for Stanford! Deep enough so that no one can touch the bottom. Think of it as one part basketball one part swimming and one part wrestling. Nice goal! Very good. I told you, best sport in the world. Thanks for thinking of it. You haven't watched the end of this, have you? Oh, number eight on Texas just fouled one of my boys. He's going to be ejected for twenty seconds. Well, that's the point. I don't suppose it'd be practical to put a pool on the ship. No. No. Go ahead. Lifeform? Crewman? [Cargo bay two] (Archer and Trip are joined by Reed and a guard at the door.) Weapons to stun. The light. (As they lower their torches, the filament loosens again.) Crewman? I'm sure T'Pol and Malcolm are doing everything they can to get us out of here. Can either of you see Crewman Kelly? How's she look? Yeah. I imagine so. I'll make sure they reschedule it for next week. How do you know that? It's this lifeform. It's linking us together somehow. Calm down. Trip, do you know what I'm thinking about? Trip. And what was I thinking? What was I thinking. And we did. We went on the finals that year. As soon as you give up, the game's lost. [Sickbay] Yeah. You aren't feeling much better than I do. Rostov?
He hasn't been himself lately. (Archer strokes Porthos.) No more dairy products, you hear that? Doctor's orders. Sorry to bother you with this. Thanks, Doc. (to Porthos) See all the trouble you cause? Are there any inhabited systems nearby? Any biosigns? Bring it into Launch Bay two, and tell Doctor Phlox he might have a couple of patients. [Sickbay] (They revive a humanoid with pronounced bones around the eye sockets and forehead.) We found your ship adrift. We thought we might be able to help. I'm Jonathan Archer. You're on the Starship Enterprise. Can you understand me? Earth. We're from Earth. Yes. Why? Any thoughts? (to Phlox) See what you can do. Put us in a low orbit, Travis. They're expecting us. It's a full blown epidemic. Go ahead. I don't think these people are about to steal anything. Hoshi? They're indigenous to this planet? On most of the planets we've encountered, only one species of humanoids survived the evolutionary process. Come in. I've just gotten a call from the director of the clinic. He's eager to hear if you've made any progress. Doctor? But? What about a cure? But not impossible. Take all the time you need. It was no problem. How are you feeling? We're trying to do something about that. I have a lot of faith in Doctor Phlox. We started out in ships very similar to yours. Someday you'll be travelling just as fast as we are. You may not find that everyone you meet wants to help you. Archer. I'll meet you at the shuttlepod. Archer out. [Bridge] Anything to report? From whom? Do you have a minute? [Ready room] The Valakians want our warp technology. That I'd think about it. Safe to say I know where you stand on the subject. They have no experience working with antimatter. I doubt they even realize how dangerous it is. They're not ready. We could stay and help them. I never thought I'd say this, but I'm beginning to understand how the Vulcans must have felt.(In Sickbay, Phlox is studying a DNA sequence, and what he sees troubles him greatly.) [Mess hall] Looks like I'm not the only one. Am I going to be without my doctor this winter? Maybe I'll join you. Any progress? A cure, Doctor. Have you found a cure? Ethical? Every time you treat an illness, you're interfering. That's what doctors do. What about the Menk? And that won't happen as long as the Valakians are around. Well, what are you suggesting? We choose one species over the other? The hell with nature. You're a doctor. You have a moral obligation to help people who are suffering. Go ahead. I appreciate your perspective on all of this, but we're talking about something that might happen. Might happen thousands of years from now. They've asked for our help. I am not prepared to walk away based on a theory. My compassion guides my judgment. Can you find a cure? Doctor? Doctor. I'm going down to the Valakian hospital. I have reconsidered. I spent the whole night reconsidering, and what I've decided goes against all my principles. Someday my people are going to come up with some sort of a doctrine, something that tells us what we can and can't do out here, should and shouldn't do. But until somebody tells me that they've drafted that directive I'm going to have to remind myself every day that we didn't come out here to play God. Phlox tells me this medicine will help ease the symptoms for a decade, maybe more. A lot can happen in that time. I wouldn't be surprised if you developed a cure on your own. I'm sorry. (Archer hands over a PADD.) ARCHER: This will give you detailed instructions on how to synthesise more of the medicine.
We heard you. What makes you think we're suffering from a lack of sexual activity? Why are you suddenly so curious about this? And you think that we need our tensions eased? We've all gone about ten months without a break. I think it's normal for people to get a little sloppy. Is it populated? Don't say she didn't warn you. I think I'm going to pass. Nobody needs this as much as you do. The ship will be nice and quiet. I've got some astrometric surveys that have been piling up. It'll be a good chance to get some work done. You think I need a massage? I suppose I could read those surveys on a nice beach. Transfer it to my Ready room. [Ready room] If you don't mind my asking, Admiral, why is this our problem? Do they expect us to take her all the way back to Vulcan? Any idea what the emergency is? Imagine that. [Hoshi's quarters] Hoshi, thanks for giving up your cabin. Everything set? (reading) Don't address the ambassador unless spoken to first. Don't offer to shake hands. Refrain from laughing in her presence. You seem to be pulling out all the stops. Well, she'll be here soon enough. Let me know if you need any help. Someone's in a hurry. I'm Jonathan Archer. That's why we're here. If you'll transmit your landing coordinates to us, we'll send down a shuttlepod. I'm looking forward to the visit. They said it was important we pick up the ambassador as quickly as possible. They didn't say why. Ambassador. On behalf of my crew I'd like to welcome you aboard Enterprise. (V'Lar holds out her right hand.) May I take that? This is Commander Charles Tucker, my Chief Engineer. And this is my Science Officer, Sub-Commander T'Pol. I hope you like your quarters, Ambassador. T'Pol tried very hard to anticipate your needs. T'Pol tells me you negotiated the first territorial accords between Vulcan and Andoria. T'Pol. Of course not. (T'Pol accompanies her.) [Corridor] T'Pol. Is there a problem I should be aware of? You were a bit abrupt with her. I don't pretend to understand Vulcans. I never have. But I wouldn't be a very good captain if I didn't know when something was bothering my science officer. Uncommon, but not unheard of. We don't know what she's done. You seem to know a lot about her. Was it worth the trip? I've had a few heroes in my life. It's never easy when one of them lets you down. No, I'm sure they don't. On my way. [Bridge] Let's find out who they are. (another Mazarite is on the viewscreen) What can we do for you? We weren't told. What's the change of plans? Your magistrate seemed in a big hurry to get rid of her. Now he wants her back? I'll have to contact my superiors. I'm just a starship captain. You don't think they'd trust me to make these kinds of decisions on my own? Get me Starfleet Command. Just a transport captain. Polarise the hull plating. (The Mazarite ship fires several Aft torpedoes. Return fire. Would the phase cannons be more effective? What do you mean, we can't fire them at warp? Drop to impulse. Deploy the aft cannon. Fire. (Two shots and then.) See what you can do about their engines. (One shot is heard.) Resume course, warp four. (to T'Pol) Any idea what that was all about? (silence) Well, I think we know someone who might. [Hoshi's quarters] We were asked to pick you up and deliver you to a Vulcan ship. No one said anything about getting shot at. Then who sent them? How much greater could it get? A few more volleys from that ship would have ruptured our hull. So am I. You're leaving me no choice, Ambassador. Archer to Mayweather. Change of plans, Travis. Lay in a course back to Mazar. You heard me. It's more than two days to the rendezvous point, and there could be other hostile ships tracking us. Unless you can convince me why it's worth risking all our lives. [Ready room] You could always order me to take her to the rendezvous point. They certainly considered the repercussions. They knew someone was after her. Why risk one of your own ships when you can risk one of ours? They're doing it to us again, Admiral. Keeping us in the dark. I've tried. I don't even know what the charges against her are. Come in. (T'Pol enters.) ARCHER: Something wrong? Go on. (He puts Porthos down.) ARCHER: Any luck? I don't doubt that, but it doesn't affect my decision. She told you that? Which is? I'm sorry T'Pol, but I'm going to need more than that. By who? But you believed her? Why? It happens all the time. You're asking me to put the lives of everyone on board in jeopardy based on your talking to this woman for a couple of hours. Why didn't we see them coming? And go three against one? (to T'Pol) You're familiar with the Mazarites. What's their top speed? Then let's give them a run for their money. Travis, increase speed to warp four point eight. Archer to Engineering. Keep shovelling. We're going to four point nine. Let's celebrate later. [Bridge] Travis. How far to the rendezvous point? Can we get a message through to the Vulcans? Keep trying. That Vulcan ship better not be late. We're being chased by three Mazarite ships. I'm not sure. You still haven't told me what this mission is. You hadn't even met us. And a century of good behaviour hasn't changed your mind? And that would include you. And that job fell to you? Why couldn't you tell us? And the story of you being recalled in disgrace? Obviously, it didn't work. I appreciate you telling me the truth. It hasn't gotten to that yet. If you've learned anything about humans, you'd know we don't always take the most logical course of action. What's our status? Open a channel. What do you want? So are yours. I have a better idea. Why don't you slow down before your engines explode? I've been ordered to deliver her safely to the Vulcans, and that's exactly what I plan to do. (Hoshi ends the transmission) Archer to Engineering. [Engineering] Sorry Trip, but we need a little more speed. It's called a warp five engine. [Engineering] We don't have any choice, Trip. [Engineering] Ambassador. (she sits) Warp five. How far to the Vulcan ship? Then use their last known position and do the math. Take a guess. What if we could get a message through? Tell them to get here as fast as they can. Hoshi, any way you can get a message through the interference? If we do get a message through to the Vulcans, we don't want the Mazarites to see them coming. See what you can do. Hoshi? Go ahead. Hoshi? How long? How long now? I thought it was down to eight. We just need to buy ten more minutes. I want you to go to Sickbay. I'll explain later. If there was ever a time to start trusting You know, I honestly didn't think you'd be able to catch us. Just out of curiosity, how fast do your ships go? That could be a problem. Our shuttlebay was damaged, thanks to you. I doubt we could launch a shuttlepod until it's repaired. What, what would you have topped out at? Warp five point five? Warp six? I can't imagine that you can do much more than that. It seemed like your engines were starting to run pretty hot. Malcolm, I'm counting on you. T'Pol. [Starboard docking hatch] (A Mazarite shuttle has arrived.) Okay. Your last attack blew out systems across half the ship. Power's down in Engineering. A plasma conduit exploded on E deck. I was getting to that. Her quarters are on E deck. She was no more than ten metres away when the conduit blew. This is Doctor Phlox. I imagine they have their hands full right about now. (Against the laws of physics, weapons fire is heard hitting the Mazarite ships.) I believe that's the Sh'Raan. She's a Vulcan combat cruiser. One of their most powerful, if I'm not mistaken. Put it up. You could say that. Thank you. (Transmission ends.) Occupational hazard? We're glad we could help. Goodbye, Ambassador.
Previously on Enterprise I think I may have gotten through to one of them. Degra. We're in bad shape, I can't deny that, but we're still in one piece. Enterprise is a tough ship. She took more than anyone could ask her to and then some, and so have all of you. I wanted to say thank you. I only wish I could thank the eighteen crewmen who were lost. Like you, they understood how important our mission is and they accepted the risks. We came into the Expanse not knowing what we'd find, with no one to rely on but ourselves, but we're going to succeed, to accomplish our mission, for everyone on Earth who's relying on us, and for the eighteen.  [Ready room] What's our status on weapons? That'll have to do. And I don't intend to be late. I've made my decision. We have a lot of work to do. I suggest we get to it. Commander. Crewman Taylor was one of yours, wasn't she? I'd like you to write a letter to her family. I asked you. It doesn't have to be long. Her family deserves to know what happened to her. Hoshi. Tactical alert! Stand by, Trip. Get us out of here. Stay with him, Travis. Then you also called off the attack on Enterprise? You've taken a big risk. Everything I've told you is true. That might be a bit difficult, but if you come aboard my ship I can give you all the proof you want. But there are some things I want to know first. When will your weapon be launched? Weeks? Days? I'm trying to help you, but I need to know my world isn't being destroyed while I'm doing it. A friend of yours? They're the ones we found on Earth, in the past. They were about to release a bioweapon that would have decimated the population. Apparently he decided to go ahead without your Council's approval. I already told you. We had help, just like they did. You need more evidence.  [Secure storage] (Archer opens up the Xindi bioweapon contraption and takes out the central cylinder.) They had this with them. We destroyed the toxin, but my doctor kept a sample of it in stasis. Have them come aboard, perform whatever test they'd like. Come with me.  [Corridor] Archer to Doctor Phlox. I need you in Sickbay. We found him adrift. Do you recognise his species? Some kind of cellular degeneration. It started the moment he was taken off his ship. That's why his species built the Spheres, to make our space more compatible for themselves. We're destined to form an alliance to stop them, but if you destroy Earth that'll never happen. You'll be condemning your own race to extinction.  [Taylor's quarters] (Tucker has woken in his own quarters and gone to Taylor's wrecked quarters, looking for inspiration. He finds a broken picture in a frame.) How are the repairs coming. (to Degra) Why don't you join me in my Ready room until they're finished. (Degra leaves. To Tucker -) Let's stick to the job at hand. We'll need to shut down the main plasma feeds. Get going. Archer to Trip.  [Ship's hull] You've got less than six minutes. Malcolm  [Ship's hull] Get back to the airlock. That's an order. Malcolm.  [Ship's hull] Trip. That's enough. I said that's enough! We've determined there are fifty nine of them. Seventy eight? I apologise for Mister Tucker. I know. Believe it or not, we've had this conversation before. Erasing your memory probably wasn't the best way to earn your trust. Maybe I can help. (He calls up pictures of the inside of a Sphere.) The first Sphere we came across was damaged. There was a breach in the outer shell. Enterprise was designed to be a ship of exploration. Report. On screen. Did you invite anyone else? What kind of weapons do you have? If we work together, we might be able to disable them. Are you familiar with the design of that ship? At least we'd stand a chance. Fire. (They exchange torpedoes and phase cannon fire.) ARCHER: Evasive manoeuvres. Keep firing. Target their weapons. (More shooting.) Open a channel to Degra. Even the reptilians? This is nearly a dozen light years away. It'll take us weeks to get there. Will it be soon enough to stop the weapon? Thanks for the warning. (Archer holds out his hand, and they shake.) ARCHER: See you in three days.
She's been inside the weapon. I have to know what she saw. Have her taken aboard Degra's ship right away. The only way we're going to be able to destroy this thing is from the inside. Any luck? We're going to need Hoshi to help us. I wish I had a choice, Malcolm. Can you transfer that to a PADD? Something portable? [Transdimensional space] Any luck? Ensign? We're on Degra's ship, Hoshi. Phlox isn't here. The schematics for the weapon. Degra encrypted them before he was killed. You've been trying to decipher them. You were drugged, Hoshi. You had no choice. You need to finish what you're doing. You're almost there. We're going to board the weapon, try to overload the power systems, but we can't do that until we can read these schematics. You need to finish this. You've got to pull yourself together just for a little while longer. You need to complete the decryption. Everything hinges on it. Do you understand? I'm taking her with me. She's been there, Malcolm. That's where she deciphered that third launch code. She's coming with me. I want you and your team to beam in right before we do. Secure the closest route to the platform. JANNAR If you succeed in creating the overload, what makes you think you'll be able to get out in time? I'll give everyone a chance to get to the outer framework. You'll be in charge of helping Hoshi. I've no plans of dying on that weapon, Malcolm. I'm going to see what else she's come up with. [Balcony] (Archer has walked out into sunlight and is looking down on a huge circular stage.) I don't have time for this. What about it? I have a team preparing to board the weapon. I've got other things to think about right now. What are you talking about? Then it'll happen some other way. Who's to say whether it'll be better or worse? Where are we? What planet? Seems to me it's just as essential that Earth be around for this too. My mission is to save Earth, not your Federation. My place is on that control platform. Now get me the hell back to Degra's ship. [Sickbay] We've got to disable the reactor at a specific point during the inversion sequence, but we don't know the sequence. If it's not done in the right order, internal safeguards will kick in and it'll be impossible to create an overload. I wish I could tell you to take your time. It didn't stop raining for a week. When we get back home I'll see to it you get some R+R in Norway or Canada. Someplace where there's not a tropical bug in sight. Or reptiles. Keep at it. I'll get these to the Bridge. [Degra's ship - Bridge] Why would they leave the vortex? Get your team ready to go. Are we in visual range? (image on viewscreen) Yosemite Three. A research post. Usually thirty to forty civilians aboard. Hail them on this frequency. How's Hoshi doing? (to the two Xindi) Remember, no heroics. Just get us in and then keep them off your ass. I'm busy, Shran. What are you doing here? Okay, bring up the inversion sequence. Got it. Hoshi? Got it. Two to go. (Reptilian soldiers march along the access gantry, firing. The young MACO sniper takes them out with one falling into the centre of the weapon, then gets caught by a Reptilian. There's a brief hand to hand struggle before he is stabbed and falls into the middle of the weapon himself. The Reptilian shoots at Hoshi and she drops her PADD into the void.) Hoshi? (Archer leaves the rods to defend her. Reed kicks the Reptilian coming up on Archer into the void as well.) Go ahead. Good work. Now get back here. [Bridge] (Everybody has nasty cracks all over their skin.) Which one, Hoshi? We didn't come here to disable this weapon, we're here to destroy it. Give me the charges. I want the four of you to get to the outer framework. Beam back to Degra's ship. This isn't open for debate, Lieutenant. (Reed hands over the charges and detonator, and leaves with Hoshi and the MACO. As Hoshi turns to look at him, he says) Don't worry, I'll be right behind you. (He sticks the charges on the twirly gizmo and detonates them. It stops twirling and goes dark. He turns the final rod upside down and a klaxon sounds. Then he gets grabbed.)
Someone attacked a Klingon bird-of-prey. The entire crew was massacred, the ship's missing. They were Augments. I'm at the primary junction! [Station Control Hub] I see them. [Station Control Hub] How long do I have? [Station Control Hub] Archer to T'Pol Can you get [Bridge] A transporter lock on me? Arm the phase-cannons. Target exterior hatch [Bridge] J nine. That's the idea. Stand by on the transporter. You'll only have a few seconds. T'Pol! Fire! (A single phase cannon shot blows the top off part of the superstructure, letting gasses and one human fly out into the vacuum of space - where he disappears.) [Bridge] Is there something we can do to keep us from showing up on their sensors? What's the status of C-12? He didn't. What's our status? Bridge to Engineering. [Engineering] Are we ready? I've realigned the warp coils. We should look like a Klingon battle cruiser to their sensors, but this trick's not going to work if we get within eighty thousand kilometres. [Bridge] Understood. Tactical Alert. Take us in, Travis. Warp four. [Klingon ship - Soong's lab] Arm torpedoes. Open a channel. This is Captain Archer. [Klingon Bridge] Drop out of warp or we'll disable you. Return fire. [Klingon Bridge] Concentrate all fire on their engines. Hold your fire. Magnify. (the little ship is held by tractor beams) Bio-signs on the shuttle? Can you get a transporter lock? Murdering hostages is turning into a new hobby for you. This isn't over, Doctor. Go ahead. You don't sound a hundred percent sure. Send the coordinates to Mister Mayweather. Lay in a pursuit course, maximum warp. [Malik's quarters] Archer to Engineering. [Engineering] Is there a problem with the camouflage? Universal translator. Did you update the database? Let's hope this guy speaks one of them. Open a channel. Attention, cruiser. If you come any closer to my ship, you'll be fired upon. My name isn't your concern. The last time I checked this was still Klingon territory. I don't take orders from a mere governor. We're on important business for the High Council. That matter is classified. You expect me to turn on a transponder and let every ship in the area know that we have the Chancellor on board? He had important negotiations with the Orions. We're taking him back to Kronos. If I were you, I wouldn't be making allegations about Chancellor M'Rek over an unsecure channel. I'm sure you didn't. It would be best if you made no mention of this to your superiors, or you might find yourself commanding a garbage scow. Qapla'. What is it? (to T'Pol) Can you get a fix on it? [Escape pod] (There's shaking, and clanging, and more shaking. Then the hatch opens.) Is that so? What were you doing in that escape pod? Your story doesn't sound very plausible. I think we were getting close to finding your Augments. You may have put yourself into that escape pod to throw us off. You've made it clear you'll do anything for them. Lie, murder, maybe even sacrifice yourself. What do you care what happens to Earth? You believe your children are the future of humanity. Doctor Lucas already told me about the missing toxins. You didn't know? You had to see him murder someone in front of you. None of that would have mattered in the end. It's in their nature. They were engineered to be this way. Superior ability breeds superior ambition. One of their creators wrote that. He was murdered by an Augment. [Ready room] Work with Soong. He'll show you how to scan for their warp trail. I want to intercept them before they reach the colony. I believe him. Is that a problem? Do what you have to do. [Malik's quarters] (Malik and Persis are in bed, but she has her back turned towards him.) How long until we're in visual range? Same as before, Hoshi. Hail them again. (to Klingon on viewscreen) If we don't reach the colony before that bird-of-prey, millions of your people will be killed. Power down weapons. Stand by to deploy the grappler. Take us out of warp. Malcolm? On my mark, Travis. Malcolm? Full impulse. Hold your speed. Hold your speed. (There are explosions along the nacelle, and two feeble disrupter beams are fired.) Resume course for the colony, maximum speed. [Klingon Bridge] Stay with them, Travis. long until we're in weapons range? Trip. [Engineering] Travis. Take us out of warp as close as you can. Malcolm. (Three torpedoes are launched to chase down the bioweapon. There is a nice explosion above the planet's atmosphere.) Hard about. (Enterprise is attacked by disrupter fire, and there are lots of bangs.) What about phase-cannons? Lock onto their Bridge. Stand aside, Doctor! What good will that do? Do what he says. Fire when ready. (Two neat phase cannon shots hit the mark and cause havoc in the Augment's ship.) I'll contact Starfleet on your behalf. Let them know that you helped us. You're not going to the brig. I'm taking you to crew quarters. (Suddenly, Malik drops from the ceiling and deals with the sole MACO escorting them, then knocks out Archer.) No one's destroyed anything. It's being stored in a secure location. Maybe someday, we'll figure out how to use it to benefit humanity. Good-bye, Doctor. (Walks away, leaving Soong to muse alone.)
We're pretty sure we've found a way in. I'm sending a crew in a shuttlepod. We're hoping that'll include data on the Sphere Builders. ([Inside the Sphere, MACO Hawkins is grabbed and killed by the Sphere defence mechanism.) Where are they? For all you know they could be heading to Earth. What about the Aquatics? They've abducted my Communications Officer. Up until now I didn't know why. She'll never co-operate. Any luck? Integral how? If we can damage one of them, would it disrupt the entire grid? Keep at it. How quickly can we get there? You have nearly as many ships. Would the Aquatics be a match for them? That was before the reptilians murdered Degra and stole the weapon. We're looking at civil war. Can they afford to sit back and do nothing? Let me talk to them. [Degra's ship] I didn't quite catch that last part. How long do they plan to keep us waiting. You all right? Thank you for seeing me. I'm afraid my Communications Officer was abducted by the Reptilians. Then I'll get to the point. We need your help. And if my world gets torn to rubble in the meantime? I believe they took my officer to help them decipher a third launch code. After all your deliberations, you may find a decision's been made without you. So you'd rather sit back and do nothing While they condemn all five of your species to extinction. One last question. Have these Guardians told you where you'll establish your new home world? The ones humans are destined to destroy? Is it here, in the Expanse? In case you haven't noticed, the Spheres are turning it into a transdimensional wasteland. None of you will be able to survive. (The Aquatics swim away.) You say the Guardians have helped you. Have they ever tried to disable the Spheres? Because we've found a way. (The Aquatics turn around again.) Help me save my people and I can help you save yours. [Weapon control area] What they use to connect the Spheres. Well done. Then you'd better keep at it. If the aquatics decide to help us they might want to hear those details. Please do. [Docking hatch corridor] Any word? I'm surprised you were ever able to get anything done. That's actually something I wanted to discuss with you. If we're successful, and we destroy the weapon Report. Open a channel to the lead ship. And? Thank you. When this is all over, I won't be complaining about the food. I'll just be happy to get back to our original mission. I wouldn't miss it. The High Command would be lucky to get you back. I may be able to pull some strings, get you out of basic training. Go ahead. Tactical Alert. I'm on my way. [Weapon control area] Feel like taking them on? This is Captain Archer. Cut us loose. (Enterprise flies out of the Aquatic ship's shuttlebay.) [Reptilian Bridge] Steady, Travis. (Enterprise heads for the weapon.) [Degra's ship] Fire. (Enterprise strafes the weapon.) [Weapon Control area] Bring us around for another pass. [Reptilian Bridge] (Things are going bang.) Can you get a transporter lock? Send Major Hayes and his team. Keep us clear of them, Travis. Do what you can, but keep us in firing range. Go ahead. Go ahead. Archer to Tucker. Lock onto Major Hayes. [Transporter alcove] Archer to Hayes. We've got a malfunction. Can you hold your position? [Reptilian ship] Get us close, Travis. I said, take us in. How long before it reaches Earth? Could an aquatic ship reach it in time? We might be able to get a team on board, disable it from the inside. We'll deal with them when we get there. Are you ready? Then as soon as we undock, set a course for Sphere Forty One. [Armoury] How is she? I need to talk to her. She's been inside the weapon. I have to know what she saw. All right. Have her taken aboard Degra's ship right away. I don't have any choice, Doctor. I want her on that ship in twenty minutes. There's a medical bay aboard Degra's ship. Show Lieutenant Reed how to do it. Phlox, you're needed here. (Archer walks away down a corridor lined with injured crewmen.) [Reptilian Bridge] When we're finished, we'll meet you at the rendezvous coordinates. I expect you to keep him in line.
Archer to Commander Tucker. I know you're off duty, but we've got visitors. Are you up for a little repair work? Meet me at Docking Port two. They said they were having trouble with one of their life support systems. Welcome aboard. This is Sub-Commander T'Pol and my Chief Engineer, Commander Tucker. Stasis? Is she injured? I understand. T'Pol will show you to guest quarters. When you're done, I'll have my chef prepare you a meal. [Retellian cargo hold] (Lots of drooping tubing, netting and general mess, and one frost encrusted stasis pod.) Come in. (Goff enters, looking much pinker than previously.) I'm sure we'll manage. Please. (Goff sits) T'Pol tells me your vessel can't do much better than warp two. I've been making some calculations. If I'm not mistaken, at warp four point five Enterprise can have you at your destination in less than four days. It's no inconvenience. We're out here to meet new people. You're heading toward an inhabited world we've never seen. First contacts tend to go more smoothly when a familiar face is making the introductions. You could dock in our launch bay. You wouldn't have to worry about that stasis pod. We have plenty of room for you and your passenger. Problem? Not at all. Archer to Commander Tucker. Trip, can you hear me? (changes channel) Archer to Lieutenant Reed. [Corridor] Secure the docking clamps. (But the big ship rips away from Enterprise, and they go in pursuit.) [Bridge] Report. Hail him. Phase cannons. Target his engines. Bring us into grappling range. Hail him again. T'Pol? Stay with him. (The freighter goes to warp.) I thought you took out one of his nacelles? He's your partner. You must have some idea where he's going. You don't even know what system you were heading for? If that's true, then we could work together to track him down. We've got pretty good long range sensors, but your ship could be anywhere within a half dozen light years. It'd be a lot easier if we knew your warp frequency. Take him back to Docking Port Two. Put him in the airlock and post a security detail. We'll keep the outer hatch unlocked. If you decide to leave, you know the way out. [Retellian cargo bay] (Tucker is working to unlock a hatch while the Monarch paces.) Thank you. Not right now, Lieutenant. Dismissed. (Reed and the guard leave.) Have a seat. Sit down. (Plinn sits on the lone chair.) We're not here to talk about your partner. We're here to talk about you. You're facing some very serious charges, Mister Plinn. Where we come from criminals are held accountable for their actions. If they're found guilty, they're punished. This is where your tribunal is going to take place. That's not for me to decide. (Plinn sits again.) Starfleet asked the Vulcan High Command to assign a judicial administrator to Enterprise. Someone who wouldn't be swayed by human emotion. Someone objective, logical. From what I understand, Sub-commander T'Pol has already reviewed the evidence. This tribunal is nothing more than a formality. I thought you should be prepared. Her punishments can be severe. If you're late for your shift you might receive a beating. But for more grievous offenses, dereliction of duty, conduct unbecoming an officer. We started out with eighty three crewmen on board. We're down to seventy six. Accessory to kidnapping, resisting arrest, obstruction of an investigation, causing damage to a Starfleet vessel. When your partner fled he released a cloud of dilithium hydroxls that clogged our plasma vents. As I said, I'm not the one you have to convince. (The door bell chimes and the door opens. Archer gestures Plinn to stand and then bows from the waist.) Sub-commander. (T'Pol is wearing V'Lar's costume from Fallen Hero, or something very similar.) Yes, ma'am. He's got a point. We've never tried an alien before. Maybe we should contact the High Command. As you wish. (T'Pol sweeps out of the room as the pair bow.) There's nothing I can do. She owes me a few favours. I can't promise anything but I, I'd be willing to ask for leniency. Of course, I'd want something in return. We still haven't found a way to locate your vessel. If you could remember that warp frequency. [Escape pod] Trip? (They turn to see Archer, T'Pol and a grinning Reed.) This a bad time? Captain's Star log, September 12th, 2152. We've rendezvoused with a Krios battle cruiser, which has taken the kidnappers into custody. [Corridor] (Tucker is clean and fully dressed again.)
It's the Captain. I'd like you to join me in the Command centre right away. [Command centre]  Sorry if I woke you. Look at this. (A picture of an Arboreal comes on the screen.) According to Phlox, they probably evolved from some form of arboreal primate. I managed to piece together some of their starcharts. It took me half the night to figure out how they map co-ordinates, but I've been able to reconstruct the ship's course over the past few months. This is the last planet they visited before they were attacked by the marauders. No, but it's only a day away. We don't know they weren't. Tell Travis to set a course. [Bridge] What about Xindi? Any bioscans? (piloting) I see it. [Forest - night] It's definitely one of theirs. I recognise it from the database. (to Reed) Search the area. See what else you can find. (to T'Pol) Some of their databanks may still be intact. This whole area's been scorched. Keep looking. (T'Pol finds mottling on her forearms and feels ridges developing around her eyes.) (alien)  (alien) (T'Pol draws her phase pistol.) (alien) (T'Pol reaches for the universal translator.) (alien) (Hoshi hands it over gingerly, as if she doesn't know what it is.)  Enterprise. We don't know what she is. It can't be far. (Reed scents food, and leaps easily up a tree. He comes back with two eggs to eat, Archer snatches one and Hoshi gets the other. She opens it to reveal some larvae which she devours hungrily. Reed is annoyed and he fights Archer, but he loses and crawls away. Archer breaks open the other egg and offers some to T'Pol.) I saw it. In my dream, I was there. Our city. You're wrong. It's below the surface. It was filled with thousands of Loque'eque, waiting for us. Urquat's my home. When we get there you'll understand. Wait and see. We've rested long enough. [Sickbay] It isn't far now. The passage was here, in my dream. Help me. (They break through rubble into a tunnel, then look out over a vast ruined city with a few corpses scattered around.) [Urquat] I saw it so clearly. There was a fountain there, and gardens up there, floating. And there were people, thousands of people. No, no. We're not leaving. This is our home. Home, home. What about this? (a corpse) This body isn't ancient. Someone killed them. Why? Who would do this? Your people? Then who? I don't belong on Enterprise. I belong here. More of your humans? Who are they? You destroyed my city, killed my people. (T'Pol is grabbed by the other alien but she and Hoshi fight back, getting his weapon. Archer raises a rock to kill the alien.) This way. (Other aliens turn up and incinerate the one with the hole in his suit - whose eyes have already turned bright blue.) [Forest - day] (T'Pol, Hoshi and Archer burst out into the open, and are surrounded by space-suited aliens.) (not completely back to normal) Why are you firing at my ship? How are you feeling, Lieutenant? Getting there. Hoshi and T'Pol are going to take the day off. You might want to do the same. You wanted to see me? No. Those containment patrols aren't going to stop until they've wiped out every trace of it. Now that they have your antivirus, they'll most likely figure out a way to succeed. (takes the vial) This was created as a final effort to preserve a civilisation, a people. That species we became, they cease to exist the moment this virus is gone. We came out here to stop the Xindi destroying humanity. I'll be damned if I'm going to have a hand in destroying another race in the process. Put it on ice, Doc, in stasis, whatever. Understood? (Phlox nods, and puts it into a tiny metal box.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
They've been underground for six months. The Denobulan Science Academy lost contact with them three weeks ago. The planet's called Xantoras. The government's been politically unstable for several years. In the last few weeks a militant faction has taken control. They can't get here in time. Enterprise is less than a day away. We've been asked to pick them up. First we have to find them. You've had some caving experience. What about you and Malcolm? Get some gear together. Happy to help, Doctor. [Launch bay] The military's preparing search patrols to arrest any stray off-worlders when the deadline arrives. If you haven't found them in a day and a half, I want you to turn around and head back.  What's the problem? Can you put it on speaker? Where are they? Set a course. Open a channel. I want to speak to their Captain. [Sickbay] (Enterprise is docked with the alien ship, and assorted alien patients are being treated.)  How's it going? What are his chances? You're on my ship, Enterprise. I'm Captain Archer. There was an accident on your transport. He's our doctor. You need his help. Recently? And there's still bad blood between you? If you explain to him that he won't survive without your help, maybe he'd set the past aside for a few hours. You could always sedate him and perform the treatment. Even if he wishes to die? Don't you believe if you can help someone your ethically bound to do so? This is an Earth ship, Doctor. I won't let that man die in my Sickbay if it can be prevented. I'm giving you an order.  How are you feeling? Your ship was damaged by the reactor leak. It'll be a few days before you can go back aboard. You were exposed to high levels of radiation. You need treatment. If you don't let Phlox operate, you won't survive more than two days. I understand there's a troubled history between your peoples, but I can assure you Phlox is an excellent doctor. He wasn't that specific. Do you want to become a casualty of a war that ended three hundred years ago? Phlox has been my Chief Medical Officer for nearly two years. I've never questioned his skill or his integrity. You'd rather die? If you spent some time with him, it might change your perception of them. I prefer to make my judgments based on firsthand experience. I respect your history and the sacrifice your people made, but I can tell you that the Denobulans you're describing are not the people I've met. Don't sacrifice your life based on preconceptions. [Phlox's office]  Why haven't you ever mentioned this? PHLOX It wasn't our proudest moment, but we've done our best to put it behind us. Do you know you're the first Denobulan he's ever met? Doesn't that seem odd to you? That in three hundred years neither side has tried to reconcile. Maybe you put it behind you too quickly. This is your chance to prove them wrong. Set aside your preconceptions. I made some headway with him, but I won't be the one holding the scalpel. Show him that he can trust you. All I'm asking is that you try. Your ethics might keep you from treating him against his will, but nothing's stopping you from talking to him. You're a doctor. He's your patient. Find a way to help him. [Caves] (Luckily, the rock climbers had just enough cable to reach the next layer of tunnels. Reed starts scanning.) Is that the Governor? So is mine. You did, which makes me wonder why you're attacking my people. One of your patrols has opened fire in the vicinity of the caves. Your general order doesn't go into affect for another hour and a half. Then who are they shooting at? That's not my concern. You're endangering my people. You've got to wait until they're in the clear. It's what we agreed to. Target the patrol that's firing at those caves. Charge weapons. The question is do you want to be at war with us. It sounds like you've got your hands full already. Stick to our original agreement and you won't find yourself fighting on two fronts. [Caves] (While Tucker and Reed haul themselves slowly up their ropes, the Denobulans 'walk' up the rock face remarkably like Sulibans would. Yolen looks down from a ledge.)  Try them again. Prep Shuttlepod one. Have a security team meet me in the Launch bay. Noted. You're cutting it pretty close, Trip. The deadline passed two hours ago. [Shuttlepod] The Denobulans? You've got company, Trip. [Shuttlepod]  Do you need assistance?  How is he? I'm glad you didn't defy my orders. I wasn't looking forward to throwing you in irons. How did you convince him?  Doctor Phlox wanted to see you off, but he's busy treating one of my crewmen who was injured on the surface. It's too bad your research on Xantoras was cut short. You do know we came here to rescue three Denobulan geologists? I understand they'll be heading home on your transport. I hope that won't be a problem. I had a talk with them. They're willing, if you are. [Sickbay] (There are no patients present.)
What have you got? And the hangings. If these people are from Earth, how the hell And the aliens? Any signs of technology, energy signatures [Command centre] ARCHER Acknowledged. I want you to go check out that alien settlement. See what you can find. There's no telling how anyone would react if they find out who we really are. Keep a low profile.  Afternoon. I'm passing through town. I was hoping I could sit in here for a while till it cools down. Thanks. My brother's got a ranch down south. He said he could set me up with some work. How'd you know? Yeah. Yeah, I do. You're not telling me you're related to Cooper Smith? (Archer reads the name plaque under the painting.) I'll be damned. I'll bet you've got some stories. Friends of yours? Excuse me. Can I get some more coffee before you shoot him? (Draysik takes the cup and scuttles away, grateful.) Name's Archer. I'll keep that in mind. Just passing through town. I just wanted him to get me a cup of coffee. Maybe you're right. (to Bennings) It's been a pleasure. (Archer leaves.) Didn't mean to startle you. My name's Jonathan Archer. I saw you this morning, paying for that man's casket. Can I help you with that? It's no trouble. I'd like to learn more about the Skagarans. There aren't any where I come from. Up north, quite a ways. I don't think that Skagaran's life is any less valuable than mine. Well, you are the teacher around here, aren't you? The first Skagaran I ever saw was today, lying in that coffin. Seems I'd be more likely to get the truth from you than from the men who put him there. Bethany, these are the friends I told you about. Thanks. A ship? Go back to Enterprise, see what you can salvage. Don't want to miss my first day at school. (Later -) I thought you could bend the local ordnances. Thanks. What's going to happen to you know. You didn't get to finish your lesson. I'd like to hear the rest of it. Everyone seems to have their own version. I'm curious to hear the way you teach it to the Skagarans. That wreck at their settlement, was that their ship? You mean slaves. Tell me about Cooper Smith. So they could never enslave the humans again. No thanks. I feel civilised enough. That's the plan. That a crime? But if I decided to lynch a Skagaran, that'd be legal? Protect us from what? Children? You're judging them on something that happened over two hundred years ago. What's going to happen to Bethany?  Archer to Enterprise. Any luck with those data modules? I'll meet you at the landing coordinates in an hour. [Main Street]  There's something I have to do first. [Sheriff's Office] (Bennings is gazing lustfully at Bethany in the cell when there's a knock on the door.) I was on my way out of town and realised I forgot something. (He punches Bennings out cold, takes the keys and his gun, and opens the cell door.) It's called a jail break where I come from. There are other settlements. I'm sure they could use a good teacher. Maybe not, but you won't be spending ten years in prison. Archer to Enterprise. Lock the transporter onto my position. There are two of us. I didn't exactly have time to find a secluded spot. Will she make it? What do you mean? (back in uniform) They kidnapped the wrong people. Once we've dealt with the Xindi we'll come back here. Do what we can to help them. For now, they deserve to know that Earth hasn't abandoned them. [Main Street] (The locals watch a shuttlepod come in and land. MacCready has his hand on his gun as Archer, T'Pol, Reed and three MACOs get out.) We need to talk. [Sheriff's Office] I was born in up-state New York. Spent most of my adult life in San Francisco, though. You've heard of San Francisco? I wasn't sure how you'd react. We thought we'd better get the lay of the land first. We can't, not right now. Anyway, our ship isn't big enough. Someday we'll come back for you. You, you realise it's not the same world your ancestor's left. A lot's changed in three hundred years. We've moved past things like intolerance, prejudice. That was a long time ago. I understand, but if you do make it back to Earth you're going to have to leave all that behind. [Main Street] (Finally Archer and MacCready come out, and walk through the little crowd that has gathered near the pod.) This is my First Officer, T'Pol. She's from a planet called Vulcan. Good. I thought we'd bring Mister MacCready (There is a gunshot. MacCready is hit, and the crowd scatters.) Let's talk this through, Bennings. Trust me, you don't want to pick a fight with us, Deputy. We're not taking sides here. I can prove it to you. Just give me a chance. (Reed stuns a sniper in a window, who rolls gently down the roof to the ground, and the shooting starts. Archer and T'Pol get MacCready to safety behind the shuttlepod while Reed takes his position behind the water trough. Cole uses her better rifle sights to take out another sniper while the Starfleet phasers hit nothing.) Lay down some fire. (He makes a dash towards Bennings, taking out one henchman the ordinary way and another by cutting into the balcony he was standing on. Then he gets hit in the right shoulder. Bennings follows Archer into the livery stables where they have a fist fight while the MACOs finish off more of the opposition. A cowboy holds T'Pol as a shield.) We're up too high to see it but your town is down there, towards the right edge of that mountain range. How are you feeling? Doctor Phlox does excellent work. The progress on Earth, it didn't happen overnight. It may be a while before we're able to start sending ships here. My guess is, by the time they arrive they'll find things have changed. It's happening already. I spoke with MacCready. He agrees that, in light of recent events some of your laws might be a little outdated. [School room] (Bethany is teaching a mixed class of human and Skagaran children for the first time, and she has a PADD in her hands. MacCready is standing in the doorway.)
You about finished down there, Trip? I'm afraid you're not going to find out today. That storm we told you about hasn't changed course. [Planet surface] You and Hoshi are going to need to get back to Enterprise. Don't take any longer than that. Archer out. (T'Pol is at the situation room console.) Another one? [Situation room](He joins her.) It's a good deal bigger. This is the shuttle? You may not be able to see yet, but it'll be coming through the mountain pass to the north. The storms are throwing up too much interference into the atmosphere. The shuttle's out of the question. [Planet surface] I'm afraid we're not talking about thunderclouds, Hoshi. A polaric burst that could short-circuit a shuttlepod could do a lot worse to your nervous system. I've sent Malcolm down to the transporter. We're going to need to bring you up [Planet surface] One at a time. You have to do this, Hoshi. [Planet surface] There's no choice. I'll need you clear of the structure [Situation room] One at a time. [Planet surface] No worse for the wear, Ensign? I think you've had enough excitement for one afternoon. The morning'll be fine. I assume you and Trip will want to finish your survey tomorrow, weather permitting. You left a shuttlepod down there, remember? Somebody's got to go back and get it. You wouldn't be using the transporter, Hoshi. You'd be taking the other pod. Lost? See you in the morning. (He closes the door, and she returns to examining every pore on her face.) [Mess hall] The storms are breaking up. I don't think we'll have any trouble getting you back down in the morning. Well, I don't think Hoshi will be joining you. Travis it is. I'll see you both in the morning. Archer out. Tucker and Mayweather have been taken hostage. Trip got a short message but we haven't heard anything in the last hour. The people down there didn't like you disturbing their ruins. Have you found their biosigns? Go ahead, Travis. Ensign? This is Captain Archer of the Starship Enterprise. We apologise if we've trespassed. My crewmen didn't mean any harm. Can I speak to one of my officers? It's not going to get much better than that. You already tried that. Talk to them. No need to apologise. Why don't you go back to your quarters and get some rest. (to Baird) Take the comm. Malcolm. (Archer and Reed leave the Bridge. Then Hoshi walks out too. In her bathroom, she starts to run a shower and looks in the mirror. For a moment she thinks her reflection has vanished. In the shower itself, she sees the water running straight through her hands) [Mess hall] Go ahead. No sign of her yet. Still nothing. I'm going to maintain our present orbit until Hoshi turns up. T'Pol, meet me in Sickbay right away. She wasn't feeling well? I'm going to need some help here, Phlox. What's impossible? What about them? Take the transporter offline and figure out what went wrong. Starfleet promised me this sort of thing wouldn't happen. What should we be looking for? (to T'Pol) Have the Doctor help you recalibrate the sensors. Then start scanning for this residue. Archer to Mayweather. Prepare to break orbit and resume previous course. I'll be in, my ready room. (He walks through Hoshi as he leaves, slowly and sadly.) [Jefferies tube] Go ahead. What time is it there? Put him through. (He sits down in front of his desk monitor.) ARCHER: Good morning, sir. No sir, everything is not all right. We've had an accident with our transporting device. A matter stream converter. It was approved for transporting bio-matter before we left Earth. We've used it a number of times to I'm just trying to explain to you that Star Fleet told us it was safe. No, sir. There was an accident. She began to, her molecules began to destabilise. This isn't easy, sir. I fought to get Hoshi to come on this mission. I'm responsible for her being out here. She's, become a member of our family. We lost Hoshi today, Mister Sato. I wish I didn't have to tell you that. This afternoon. I'm so sorry. Archer to T'Pol. Could you come in here for a minute? Look at this. I've never heard it make that noise before. Listen to the pattern. Three dots, three dashes, three dots. SOS. Dots and dashes. Morse code. Its been used on Earth for centuries. It's a distress call. It still sounds like Morse code. You're right. I'll have Trip look at it tomorrow. Malcolm is recommending some new transport protocols to Star Fleet. He's suggesting we start compressing the transport beam. But you said you stepped on to the aliens' transporter by choice. Sounds like you overcame your fear. Does it matter? You were afraid of getting lost, afraid of disappearing, but you still climbed on to that platform, real or not. Come on. Let's go to the Bridge. (As Archer reaches for the door control.)
  Maybe you were light-headed from the altitude.  I walked on the same rocks you did.    Report.  Any idea what he wants?  T'Pol's mentioned them. Open a channel. This is Jonathan Archer  of the Enterprise. What can I do for you? (A Tellarite has small eyes, tusk-like lower incisor teeth,  more of a snout than a nose.)  I didn't get your name.  We're studying this planet. I have three science teams on the  surface. We're also here for a little shore leave.  Vacation. It's been a while since we've had a chance to relax.  You've been here before?  Where are they?  Sure we're not intruding?    T'Pol says they're not the most agreeable species. Apparently they  enjoy a good argument. It's considered a sport on their planet.  What do you want? I asked you a question. (He touches a bar and gets  a shock.)  I doubt this ship of yours will be a match for Enterprise.  I want to know where you're taking me. My crew's not going to  give up until they find me. If you take me back, I'd be willing to  forget this ever happened. (Skalaar points his weapon at him.)  How much are they paying you? You mentioned the Klingon  homeworld, Kronos. I assume this has something to do with my escaping  prison. You don't even know what I'm accused of.  I have no idea what the Klingons are paying you, but whatever  it is, Starfleet will double it.  I'm not a criminal.  My crime was helping a ship full of refugees.  It's pretty clear I'm never going to get the chance. I was  sentenced to life in prison on Rura Penthe. Ever heard of it?  The magistrate isn't going to be so lenient next time. I'll  probably be executed. (Skalaar loses his appetite.)  You don't care that you're sending an innocent man to his  death.  If the Klingons wanted them, they probably were. You don't have  to do this.  It must be difficult working for people like them.  That's not how it looks from in here.  Who's Tezra?  You're going to use the reward to buy your ship back?  Let me out. I can help you.  You can't manoeuvre the ship and make repairs at the same time.  I'm a pilot, let me take the helm.  Navigation sensors.  There's an L class planet in this system. I'm taking us out of  warp.  We can't outrun him but he may not be able to navigate as well  as we can in the planet's atmosphere.  (They go down into the atmosphere.)  What about forward cannons?  What are these?  Get ready to launch them.  He's flying on sensors, just like we are. He'll only have a one  in three chance of targeting us.  Now. (The strategy succeeds and Archer comes up behind Kago-Darr's  Isn't that a shame.  Then you'd better get to work.  Then we should set down here.  We'll land a thousand kilometres away. [Decon  chamber]   That ship you mentioned, the Tezra, sounds pretty important to you.  I don't understand why you want a cargo ship. It doesn't seem  practical in your line of work.  My helmsman used to run freight. The two of you would probably  have a lot to talk about.  You never told me why it was impounded.  They took your ship?  Did you really think I wanted this engine fixed? You're taking  me to be executed.  What do you plan to do now?  And then? I suppose you'll turn me over to the Klingons. I'll  be disembowelled with one of those nasty looking swords of theirs.  You'll collect your nine thousand darseks but it won't get you the  Tezra back.  The Klingons took your freighter, your livelihood, damaged your  relationship with your brother, and what do you get in exchange? Nine  thousand darseks. Doesn't seem like a very fair trade to me.  Maybe not. Have you ever been aboard Goroth's ship?  That's blood money, Skalaar. I hope you enjoy it.  (They take Archer away and go to warp.) [Bridge] What's the status of the Klingons?  Where's T'Pol?  What happened?  Do you think the Klingons know you gave me that lock pick?  What are you going to do with your reward?  I'll keep my eyes open.  I hope you won't be the one to collect it. 
Is that so. Maybe you'd sleep better in the Cargo bay. This is a Starship, not a luxury liner. If you're not satisfied with the accommodations, we can leave you behind in a shuttlepod. Maybe you'll have better luck with whoever picks you up. And if you don't like Chef's food, don't eat it. From the looks of things, you should probably skip the dessert table while you're at it. I can't believe I'm supposed to speak to their ambassador like that. Even if they have nothing to complain about? A species that actually thrives on arguing. They probably make good politicians. Thanks for the dry run. You think he's mangy? Everything ready for our guests? Mud bath? Babel's on the far side of Andorian space. They won't allow Tellarite ships to pass through their territory. This trade dispute is a little more urgent. It could turn into a shooting war if the conference fails. [Launch bay] (A shuttlepod has just arrived, and an honour guard of MACOs join Archer and senior staff to welcome their guests aboard.) You people are even uglier than I remember. Captain Jonathan Archer. Welcome aboard. Funny. I was about to say the same thing about you. Warm enough? Again? You don't feel free to speak your mind with the rest of us? No. Maybe you'd like to explain it to me. Why don't you change your uniform before you stink up the place. When in Rome. Forget it. What a surprise. (Gral is standing by a window.) A few minutes ago. They helped save my planet. Earth wants a peaceful outcome just as much as you do. That isn't going to happen if we choose sides. It doesn't seem that you have a lot of other options. (Gral returns to the main table set with brightly coloured foods.) I'm told these are authentic Tellarite dishes. I'll have him whip something up. How long to intercept them at maximum warp? Alter course. Contact Babel. Let them know we're going to be delayed. (Two hours later -) Bring them into the Launch bay. Tell Phlox to stand by for casualties. [Sickbay] (The place is full of injured Andorians, and Shran is keeping close watch as Phlox examines a young woman.) Nineteen. Your distress call said you were attacked. It's not a coincidence. We're carrying the Tellarite delegation. These aren't the people who attacked you. Shran! (Archer stops him from storming out.) ARCHER: You're on my ship. What about the black box? Tellarites. Set course for Andoria, best speed. [Gral's quarters] The Andorian sensor logs. Look them over yourself. You saw the debris field. I want you to speak to your people. Find out what you can. Let's get something straight. You're just a passenger on my ship. I give the orders. Back to Andoria. If you're innocent, I'm sure you have nothing to worry about. [Captain's mess] (Shran and Archer are splitting a bottle of blue Andorian Ale.) From what I saw, she was a fine ship with a good crew. I didn't realise there was something going on between the two of you. What changed? I hope you made the right decision. I seem to have a knack for it. It doesn't make sense. Why agree to a conference, then attack your ambassador? Tellarites claim they've lost ships of their own. Go ahead. You expecting company? (Shran shakes his What the hell are they doing? Call them off. Phase cannons, return fire! We need to get through their shields. How? They're going to kill all of us if you don't do something. Fire when ready. Shran! (There's a big explosion on the Bridge.) Torpedoes, maximum yield. (Another plume of flame behind them.) Good work. Your government asked us to be a part of a conference, and now you're attacking us! What? That's enough! You want to fight, I'll throw both of you in the Brig. You can tear each other to pieces. [Gral's quarters] T'Pol's found something you're going to want to see. They're identical. We've confirmed the data. I don't know what I'm suggesting, but we need to keep our minds open. You're speaking to my First Officer. Go ahead. [Engineering] Keep me updated. [Situation room] We've located the warp trail of the ship that attacked us. We're going to follow it. It'll take four days to get to Andoria. By then, that ship'll be long gone. [Captain's mess] (Archer is just staring out of the window while T'Pol eats.) Just not hungry. Do you think we're moving too fast? That's not what I meant. Earth's got a lot riding on the outcome of these talks, but I'm not sure we knew what we were getting into. These people have been feuding for over a century. Maybe we should've let your government handle this. Aside from breathing oxygen, it doesn't seem to me that Andorians and Tellarites have a hell of a lot in common. Hoshi tells me you got a transmission from Vulcan this morning. I'm sorry to hear that. Archer. We're on our way.(A very strange ship is hanging in space, looking like a nautilus or similar, with antennae instead of tentacles.) [Control area] (The crew we see are Romulans, and there is someone with a metal helmet over their head, with lots of wires attached to it.) You said you found the Andorians. Hail them. Magnify. Any idea what the spikes are? For what purpose? (to Reed) Find out who these people are. Take a team of MACOs with you. Bring Trip along. See if he can get it working. [Romulan ship] (A party of four space-suited men beam aboard the 'Nautilus'.) Go ahead. Evasive maneuvers. Get our people back. [Romulan ship] (The ship's extraordinary manoeuvres have everyone falling over.) Switch to auxiliary. (to Reed's lady stand-in) Target their weapons only. (Down in the transporter alcove, the other MACO arrives just before the device explodes.) Did we get everyone? T'Pol. Archer to Trip. [Romulan ship] We've lost the transporter. Sit tight until we come back for you. (Reed is hanging on for grim death.) Get us out of here, Travis. Maximum warp. [Command area] (The person in the helmet is busy moving their fingers and turning their head.) Let's see what those new injectors can do Maintain your heading. [Shran's quarters] Come in. Do we have any idea who built it? The Romulan minefield. But the power cells on those mines were much larger and more primitive. If this is a Romulan ship, why would they be stirring up trouble so far from home? We've never threatened them. As far as I know, neither have the Andorians or Tellarites. Maybe they're afraid of something else. The species in this region have a history of not getting along. This conference could've been the first step in changing that. The conference has been postponed indefinitely. It doesn't sound like there's going to be an alliance any time soon. Anything from Trip? Well, keep me updated. [Romulan ship] (Tucker uses his phase pistol to cut open a door lock.) What did you find? Malcolm analysed the Andorian debris. He said that ship was destroyed by Tellarite weapons. Go ahead. On my way. Get the MACOs down there. Seal off G deck. [Gral's quarters] (Shran has his gun to Gral's head while Talas keeps Naarg quiet.) Shran, listen to me. The ship that attacked you wasn't Tellarite. I can prove it was someone else. (He lowers his phase pistol.) You're both being set up. Your ship was attacked because someone didn't want this conference to go forward. I'm asking you, one captain to another. Look at the evidence before you do something you're going to regret. (Shran deactivates the phase rifle and hands it over. Naarg takes advantage of Talas' distraction to grab her weapon and shoot her with
Come in. [Captain's mess] Good morning. Sleep well? I wasn't sure what you wanted for breakfast, so I took the liberty of having Chef prepare his famous Eggs Benedict. You plan to eat standing up? (Reed sits.) ARCHER: This isn't a visit to the principal's office, Malcolm. At ease. No. No business. I just wanted to have a long overdue meal with The World Cup? Soccer? Any sports you do follow? Thanks. Didn't your mother ever tell you not to bring your homework to the table? This looks fine. (comm. beeps) Archer. Take us out of warp. I'm on my way. Looks like we'll have to reschedule. Anybody home? What about geographical features? Anything interesting? Well, I don't know about anyone else, but I could use some fresh air. Put us in a standard orbit. Find a volcano with a gentle slope. Preferably one that's not erupting. Prep a shuttlepod, Travis. We'll take shifts down to (An explosion rocks Enterprise and sends people flying. We see the exterior shot of a portion of port hull blown away.) Report! Emergency bulkheads? Was anybody in them? Find out what happened. Malcolm! Archer to Engineering. [Engineering] (A scene of barely controlled chaos and electrical fires.) I was hoping you could tell me. Nothing on our sensors. How are your people? [Engineering] Keep me posted. Archer out. [Bridge] Any casualty reports? Can you get a visual? (The viewscreen image pans around the It's too small. Can you tell if it's active? What if we polarised the adjacent hull plating? I've never heard of a minefield with just two mines. Are the quantum beacons still mounted on the grappler arm? Lower them into position, then modify the viewscreen. Activate the beacon. How bad is it? Trip, I'm not sure Malcolm's going to be able to defuse this thing. Couldn't we just detach that section of hull plating? Let it drift away? How long? Get a team started. I'll consider it our last resort. We see it, Malcolm. (On the viewscreen is a Why didn't the beacons let us see through its cloak? Archer to Sickbay. [Sickbay] Is Hoshi in any shape to return to the Bridge? It's urgent. Understood. (Hoshi rolls over and sits up.) Any luck? Not a very subtle warning shot. (A second shot whizzes over Malcolm's head.) Can you get us out of here? We'll give you whatever help we can. Bridge to Lieutenant Reed. Our friends seem to be anxious for us to leave. We're going to break orbit, nice and slowly. [Hull] I'll try to remember. [Bridge] Maneuvering thrusters only. Activate the beacon. (The Bird of Prey cloaks as Enterprise steers gently between the mines.) [Hull] That doesn't mean they're not still close. [Bridge] Go ahead. [Hull] How good a theory? I've got Trip working on a backup plan, but I'd prefer not to use it. Right now, you're our best bet. Be careful, Malcolm. (T'Pol looks at Travis.) Go ahead. What about it? [Hull] Is there a problem? (Reed's stiff upper lip is trembling with agony.) I'm on my way, Lieutenant. (to T'Pol) The Bridge is yours. That's why I need you here, Trip. [Deleted scene - Sickbay - not really sure where it actually belongs, but this is as good a place as any] (Hoshi tries to get up) Thought you might need a hand. Let's see what we can do with the one you got. (scanning) Could have been worse. It missed the bone, and it looks like the pressure from the spike is keeping the wound from bleeding too much. You'll be in Sickbay in no time. These should cut right through it. Not without doing more damage to that leg. I intend to save both. That backup plan I was telling you about? I asked Trip to prepare to detach this section of hull plating. Seemed like a good idea at the time. Not with you attached to it. (He gives Reed a hypospray) Phlox's own recipe. I don't want you too sedated. I'm going to need your help. Someone's got to defuse this thing. You're going to talk me through it. I'm a quick study. In case you haven't noticed, Lieutenant we're sitting about five metres from an impulse reactor. I'm not leaving until we take this weapon offline. The way I see it, you don't have much choice. You're sort of stuck here. So would you let me get started? Romulans? I read about them when I was with Daniels. Not much. Just the name. He wouldn't let me see anything else. T'Pol? [Sickbay] That's going to be a little tough to do at the moment. Is there any way you can explain our situation? [Sickbay] We've taken two of the detonation circuits offline. Three more to go. Keep me posted. [Hull] There's six of them. So, where were we? This morning, at breakfast, before we were interrupted. You said you didn't follow any particular sport. How about hobbies? Any hobbies? I could've sworn I've seen you reading a book or two in the mess hall. It helps me focus. It calms my nerves. Sorry. It made you a little nervous this morning, too, didn't it? Why is that? Never too late to learn. I had a CO once felt the same way. They're your crew, not your friends. I thought about that a lot when I took this command, but then I realised this is not your typical mission. We could be out here for years. All we have to depend on is each other. I appreciate your suggestions, Malcolm. Anything else? What's the point of having a senior staff if they just sit around with their mouths shut? I'm glad they have opinions. I rely on them. Keep going. I'm aware of your concerns in that area. Ah ha. You're talking in the past tense, Lieutenant. (He deactivates the sixth relay.) Thanks. [Bridge] (Yhe mines disappear from the viewscreen.) Go ahead. [Hull] Maintain course and speed. How do we do that? You must have realised this wasn't going to be your typical armory posting. That my command style lacked a certain spit and polish. Strange. I understand you came from a long line of Royal Navy men. Your father, your grandfather. Why pick Starfleet? Why not continue the family tradition? What happened? So, what happened? Grow out of what? You're afraid of the water? So instead of a life on the sea you chose a life in the vacuum of space? (Archer goes back to the mine with the power cell.) The one with aquaphobia? Talk about facing your deepest fears. I don't think I do. (He completes disarming that segment of the mine.) You were telling me about the Clement. I appreciate what you're trying to tell me, Malcolm, but I was hoping you'd be able to save your heroics for another time. Got you. I said I heard you, Lieutenant. What? What is it? I won't tell a soul. T'Pol, report. I'm defusing the last detonation circuit. Stand by. (a large section starts rising from the top of the mine) (he does) Lieutenant? How can we get to it? Show me that sub-detonator. I thought you were afraid of the water. Your scanner, Lieutenant. We'll dismantle this thing piece by piece if we have to. My schedule's open. I'm not about to leave one of my crew behind. We're wasting time. Help me figure out a way to get you off of I'm not going to do that, Malcolm. When we triggered that sub-detonator, why didn't the mine explode right away? (He disconnects the How many seconds? It felt more like twenty. If it had exploded, how big would the yield have been? How close is your team to finishing? We're going to detach the plating. I'm going with him. Can a shuttle pod hatch withstand a quarter-kiloton blast? Twenty metres, maybe twenty five. I need two shuttlepod hatches. Have them brought up here on the double. On the double. (Tucker leaves.) Go ahead. See you soon. [Situation room] That's it, let's go. (The two men push off from the hull and mine, turning the shuttlepod hatches towards the source of the expected blast.) Now, Malcolm! (The mine explodes, and the blast impacts their metal shields first, hurling the pair far away.) [Bridge] Are you all right? So, how long was it? Ten? It was more like twenty. I'm not going to argue with you, Malcolm. It was twenty. That's an order. (Tucker, T'Pol and Phlox enter.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Archer to the Bridge. What the hell's going on? [Bridge] Oh, no, no, no, not at all. Any idea when you might get it back online? [Bridge] Thank you. [Mess hall] (T'Pol helps herself to a bowl of liquid from the buffet table.) Any luck? You think it might be a good idea to drop out of warp? Malcolm, if we ignited the plasma exhaust, what kind of damage would it do to the nacelles? How much damage? Go to half impulse, Ensign. (All move to the front of the bridge.) (to Hoshi) Put up A4. (A view from the aft of the saucer section on the viewscreen.) Record all aft sensors. Fire. Play it back, slowly. Go back and freeze it at the flashpoint. Creep it forward a little. There.(A ship is silhouetted against the bright light.) Long enough to throw half our systems out of whack. I'm sure they know we've detected them. Open hailing frequencies. This is Captain Jonathan Archer of the Starship Enterprise. I don't need to tell you where we are. Your presence is disrupting a number of our systems. Please back away to a distance of at least ten kilometres and respond. We have no intention of harming you, but I wouldn't mind an explanation. We can't help you unless we can see you, so why don't you disconnect whatever stealth device you're using. (The ship appears aft of Enterprise.) [Sickbay] Three hours of decompression in each direction, makes more sense to stay until the job's done. Remember to mind your manners. [Shuttlepod] (It docks with ship.) Archer. Keep your comm. channel open. We'll be right here. Put him through. About five minutes longer than the last time you asked. [Decompression chamber] How's the breathing? They told us the air would clear up during the last half hour of decompression. [Decompression chamber] You've only got forty five minutes to go, Trip. [Ready room] Be patient. (To Porthos, who sits up and Put him through. Yeah, Trip. How's it going? What's the problem? [Xyrillian Engineering] Stand by for a minute. T'Pol, put me through to Trena'l. My man's not doing so well over there. With all due respect, I've known Commander Tucker for eight years. He's tough as nails. If he says he's having problems, I've got to believe him. You really think that'll make a difference? I told Trena'l you'd try to get at least an hour of shut-eye. He says that should do the trick. Trena'l says they've dealt with this before. Just one hour. If you're not feeling better, we'll bring you back. Take a nap, Trip. That's an order. [Xyrillian Engineering] Archer out. Sounds like Trip's feeling better. Go ahead, Trip. [Xyrillian Engineering] Just think, yesterday you would have done anything to get out of there. Getting a chance to meet other species is our mission. Hoshi. Trena'l wanted to thank you again. Nice work, Commander. Return to our previous heading, Travis. Trip. Pebbles? Doctor? If we're going to safely remove this life form from Commander Tucker, we'll have to find the Xyrillians. (to T'Pol) Why don't you and Malcolm see what you can do about locating their ship. Is Trip well enough to return to his duties? You got it. [Engineering] No problem. How you feeling? I haven't said a thing. Doctor? Well, what makes you think she's told anyone? Chicken tetrazzini. (Tucker takes the remains of the dish.) ARCHER: Did you cut yourself? You know, it's been over a week, Trip. We have to start considering the possibility that we're not going to find the Xyrillians. You know, the Doctor was saying that the gestation period will only last another five weeks, six at the most. I suggest you stick with the civilian clothes. Seems to help hide the bulge. I'd like you to start seeing the Doctor every eight hours. As your delivery date gets closer, he should be able to start figuring out what your postnatal responsibilities might be. There's a bright side to all of this. As far as we know, this is the first inter-species pregnancy involving a human. [Bridge] Go ahead. On our way. [Bridge] What have you got? Drop down to impulse. Hoshi, try to get an image. (A ship comes up on the viewscreen.) Go tighter. (TOS fans will recognise it instantly.) Hoshi? If we're going to speak to the Xyrillians, we can't do it without the Klingons knowing about it. Open a channel. This is Captain Archer of the starship Enterprise. We respectfully would like to ask for your assistance with a little problem we're having. Polarize the hull plating. (A torpedo heads their way.) ARCHER: Grab hold of something. (Whumph!) So I guess that's their version of a warning shot across our bows. No, stay where you are. Hail them again. Please accept our apology, but I need to ask you a question. Have you been experiencing any unusual malfunctions? Problems with your gravity plating, propulsion, environmental controls? We haven't, I promise you. The same things happened to us a few days ago. Your problems are being caused by a small stealth vessel that's been riding in your wake. They're using your plasma exhaust to fuel their warp coils. Wait a minute, wait a minute. They're harmless. We need them, alive. Just give me a chance to explain. Didn't you hear what I said? I need them alive. I assure you that any damage they've done was unintentional. They're simply trying to get home. Sto-Vo? You really don't want to hurt these people. They're actually very kind. They just had some bad luck with their engines. When we confronted them, they complied with all our requests. If you agree to enter their vessel, I'd appreciate it if you took my Chief Engineer with you. He was there for three days. They trust him. It'll make things a lot easier. There's another reason. Commander Tucker has some unfinished business with the Xyrillians. There's a pregnancy involved. Show him.(Trip lifts his shirt to reveal a growth on his ribs. The Klingons laugh.) [Xyrillian ship] I appreciate your co-operation. I hope the next time we meet, we can be of some help to you. Trena'l told me that at full impulse, they can probably get home in less than a month. That business about the Klingon Chancellor calling me a brother, was that true? Your appetite seems to be back to normal.
Where are you taking me? (The Aquatic presses a button, and Archer passes out again.) [Bridge] How many have we lost? Don't waste time on me. Have Hoshi and Travis start analysing that pod. I was aboard one of their ships. That's the last thing I remember. I think I may have gotten through to one of them. Degra. (T'Pol They're not exactly unified. The reptilians came after us on their own. They might decide to finish what they started. T'Pol? How far away is it? Thanks for the warning. How far? Set a course. Let's focus on getting ourselves operational. We can't mount a search with a ship coming down on our heads. [Launch bay] Who? He may not be on our side, but I get the feeling he's starting to question his. Go ahead. Any details? How long till they get here? Set a rendezvous course. Maybe we can help each other. [Bridge] Can you get us through them? Hail them. This is Captain Archer. We're responding to your distress call. We've run into them before. We'll see what we can do. [Corridor] (The Illyrian ship is almost as big as Enterprise, and docked alongside.) What brings you to this system? Actually, this is all the result of combat. Have you heard of a species called the Xindi? Let's talk about your ship. We know a way to insulate against the anomalies. There's a substance called trellium-D. I have sixty kilos sitting in my cargo bay. That's what I had in mind. Our warp engine is badly damaged. I was thinking more along the lines of a warp coil. Maybe we can make it worth your while. We have certain technology that you'd probably find useful. The Xindi have already wiped out seven million of my people. Now they're building a weapon to destroy our entire world. I have to stop them. Without warp drive, I won't succeed. The names of these supervisors. Piral, Jaina, Trenia. It's not a star system. How far away are the coordinates? It's hard to imagine that we'll ever get this ship back to the way it was. How long have you been a doctor? And in all that time, did you ever do anything you thought was unethical? I'm about to step over a line, a line I thought I would never cross. And given the nature of our mission, it probably won't be the last. There could be more casualties. Put together an armed boarding party. The alien ship we docked with. We need their warp coil. They won't give it to us, so we're going to have to take it. Get your men together! [Xindi Council Chamber] (A pale, bald humanoid female keeps Let's make sure they don't get any lucky shots. We can't risk tipping them off. We have to take them by surprise. That'll reduce the losses on both sides. We'll disable their ship as quickly as we can, beam over, extract the warp coil and get out, hopefully without any casualties. Set a course. Not right now. [Ready room] (Archer has to push open the door manually.) If I had another option, I'd take it. We're a lot different. We're going to leave them a supply of trellium, along with some extra food. I'm not saying it'll be easy for them, but they'll stand a decent chance of making it home. Not if we do it right. We can debate this all day. I've made my decision. I'm no happier doing this than you are, but we're not going to make a habit of it. I'm not rationalising anything. I know full well what I'm doing. We don't have a choice. We've had our share of disagreements, but you've never taken it out on my desk before. What's happening to you? Maybe you should find the time. I'm glad to hear it. I'll be leading the boarding party. There's no margin for error. If we don't do this right, people are going to die. We need you on the Bridge. Archer to T'Pol. We're approaching the vessel. Report to the Bridge. You have the Bridge. Stun grenade. (bang) Go! (Tucker and a MACO head up an access tube.) [Bridge] Cover. (communicator beeps) Archer. Go ahead. [Bridge] There's a forcefield around the warp coil. [Illyrian Engineering] Trip's trying to disable it. [Illyrian warp assembly] Archer to Enterprise. Parson's been hit. Lock onto her comm. signal and [Bridge] beam her out of here. (answering communicator) Archer. [Bridge] Stand by to beam us out. Fall back. (they retreat straight to a man with a gun) We've beamed three containers of trellium into your cargo hold as compensation. There's also food and supplies. Because I have no choice. Energise. (Enterprise flies off, leaving the Illyrians drifting in space.) [T'Pol's quarters] What's our top speed. It seems the longer we're out here, the more I have to keep saying that to myself. Captain to the Bridge. Prepare to go to maximum warp.
Come in. (T'Pol enters.) ARCHER: Good morning. Toast? What can I do for you? Oh, will he? And how would you know that? And they've already asked Admiral Forrest? Matter of security? You didn't answer my question. What kind of matter of security? They're sending you to get somebody. Somebody you'll be handing over to the Vulcans. Why you? Thanks for being so enlightening. Dismissed. Captain's Log, supplemental. As anticipated, I was contacted by Admiral Forrest who has ordered us to accommodate the Vulcans' request. [Situation room] Did you find the co-ordinates? Set a course. When we arrive, you'll be piloting the shuttlepod. Somewhere in the Pernaia System, no doubt. As far as the exact location, Admiral Forrest doesn't even know that. It seems the Sub-Commander's on a highly classified mission. No, we're supposed to wait at Pernaia Prime for T'Pol and Travis to finish their mission. It's only for a few days. We've got plenty to keep ourselves busy. Is there anything specific you and Travis are going to need? Come in. (T'Pol enters.) ARCHER: If the Vulcan High Command doesn't approve of the water polo match I'm watching, I'd be happy to find another. What can I do for you? Move over, Porthos. Let the lady sit down. Sounds like this is Go ahead. They're close allies with the Vulcans, right? You're not going to tell me you're one of those agents. I guess even Vulcans can fall prey to temptation. So tomorrow you get to pick up number six. Why couldn't someone else do it? Why you? How very Vulcan. So, why have you decided to tell me all this? What? You said there's a Vulcan ship coming. I'm sure they can provide all the assistance you'll need. Why? What's his name? The man we're going to apprehend. See you in the morning. [Corridor] We'll be back in three to five days, Trip. If that Vulcan ship comes snooping around, the last thing you want to tell them is that I'm with T'Pol. Three to five days, Trip. She's got some unfinished business, Trip. I'm not sure why, but she needs me to go along. We'll be okay. [Launch bay] You're in charge, Commander. (to T'Pol) Have you given Travis the coordinates? Why didn't he want to come home? Smuggling what? You never found him? They? What happened? T'Pol? Where? (to Travis) If he sees T'Pol, he may try to get to his ship. (Travis hangs back by the door as the other two split up to search. T'Pol sees Menos in a mirror but another alien shoves her out of the way and he's gone again.) Which way? I couldn't agree more. (Travis gets their quarry flat on his back on the floor.) Do you have somewhere we can put him until we leave? Any one of these people could be working with him. Why should she believe a fugitive and not her own government? If you're innocent, I'm sure you'll be given a chance to defend yourself. We're here to take you to Vulcan. No one's going to shoot you. T'Pol! (She cuts a couple of strips from Menos's jacket and Where the hell are you going? T'Pol! But the platform's covered with acid! (T'Pol runs, and remembers running in the past.) [Menos' ship] (She opens a couple of the containers in his hold, and reveals casings in them. She remembers the chase, when one of the runners fell.) That wasn't too smart. You could have been hurt. What did you find? You'll have to go through decon when we get back. Come on, Travis. Let's see if we can find something to eat. (They leave her with Menos, who is still shackled to the table leg.) Where's Menos? (He sees he's still at the table and speaks to What happened? Seven what? I don't understand. But you fired first? How? No. And you had this. This Fullara ritual performed? Why would you feel guilty if this Jossen was about to fire at you? When did it start coming back? That doesn't make any sense. What's Menos been telling you? What's he been telling you? (There's a sudden commotion, and people come rushing out of the Tavern. There's a fire inside, and the pair run in to see Menos in the middle of the flames still shackled to the other table.) And you claim you're a peaceful man. T'Pol! (She enters the flames to free Menos from the cuffs.) Refasten them. (A beam falls.) Travis! Come on. [Outside the Tavern] Where's his ship? Your mission is to return him to Vulcan, not determine whether he's guilty or innocent. Where's his ship? (As the fire spreads through the dock, lots of ships are taking off.) [Menos' ship] Let's be sure. (They go through to the cargo hold.) ARCHER: We'll all need to go through decon now. Was that the only way in? Go back to the cockpit, Travis. Get life support fired up if you can. It's pretty cold. (Travis So he could've left with any one of those other ships. You seem okay with that. You're giving up a lot easier than I would've guessed. We don't know that. He got to you, didn't he? You're beginning to doubt yourself. He figured if he could get you to question what you did seventeen years ago, you'd begin to question what you're doing right now. Did Jossen reach for his weapon or not? Is that what you remember, or what Menos wants you to remember? There's a big difference. He's playing on your guilt. Don't you see that? Don't give me that! Your emotional immune system started to collapse again the minute you remembered what happened that day on Risa. What is it, Travis? What's up? There's a hell of a lot of energy flowing through those circuits. Any idea what they are? Well, obviously something's powered up. There's one way to find out what it is. (He turns the circuits off, and back in the cargo hold, a camouflaged There's some kind of energy field running. Those are violent words for a peaceful man. What about her? You okay? We don't do quickly and quietly very well but we are good at arithmetic. It seems there are three of us and only one of you. I don't trust this guy, Travis. Find something to tie him up with. What are you doing? (Menos pulls a lever in the floor and a Why did you want me here? Then trust me. You were sent to apprehend him, not to judge him. (She fires at Menos.) [Menos' ship] (securing their prisoner) He's not going to get out of that too quickly. I guess he was hauling more than injector casings after all. What's your status, Trip? Thanks. We'll be going to warp three. Did I say warp three? I meant warp four, Commander. [Engineering] Come in. (T'Pol enters.) ARCHER: Sub-Commander. Am I about to get another call from Admiral Forrest? Sorry. Dealing with these memories it's not going to be easy for you, is it? If you feel you need a leave of absence. You've also spent a lot of time around humans lately. When you don't have the ability to repress emotions, you learn to deal with them and move on. Was there something else? I won't forget. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Block that transmission. Target his ship. Take out their communications. Open a channel to Starfleet. Scan Paxton's ship for Vulcan biosigns. Get a transporter lock on the baby and T'Pol. Get us out of here. (The verteron beam strikes out at Enterprise.) Damage? We'll consider ourselves warned. Set a course to Earth. [Starfleet Command] Paxton's holding two of my officers hostage at the array. We can't attack it. It's not just the hostages. Any attack on the array will trigger a massive explosion that could kill thousands of colonists. I'll take in a small team. We'll break into the facility and stop them. If he can't see us, he can't destroy us. [Orpheus Medical Facility] Comet Burke, deflected by the array eight years ago. Set to hit the north pole of Mars at dawn. Enterprise will destroy the array as ordered. [Orpheus - T'Pol's room] (T'Pol has the baby in her arms when Paxton comes in.) Bridge to Engineering. [Engineering] We're coming up on the comet. All right, Travis, let's hitch a ride to Mars. Keep the sensors locked on the array. The moment it powers up I remember when you used to jump every time the engines hiccupped. Don't get too used to that chair. I'm going to want it back. Thirty minutes to the atmosphere. We're picking up ionisation from the upper atmosphere. (The comet hurtles towards the Martian icecap. There's a sudden jolt in the pod.) Hull plating's offline. Hull temperature climbing! We're coming in too hot. (The pod is tumbling in the wake of the disintegrating comet.) Five seconds to impact. (The comet hits, and the shuttlepod sails through.) Get close to that ridge line. The verteron array is on the other side of that rise. We'll head through there. [Orpheus Central Control] (T'Pol is hauled in by Josiah.) The guard's still walking away. Where's T'Pol? Enterprise has orders to destroy the complex. [Orpheus Central Control] Step away from the controls. Archer to Enterprise. We're inside the control room. [Bridge] Shut it down. The room's depressurising. Get Malcolm out of here! Go! (Travis and Phlox drag the stricken Reed out of the room, and Archer gets to his stricken engineer.) That might've worked for the moon, but the galaxy's a lot more crowded than we thought. It's an opportunity. It's over, Paxton. With a little help from you. It's Archer. Are you still with Samuels? [Mess hall] Is Ensign Masaro there? [Mess hall] We think Masaro may be working for Terra Prime. [Mess hall] Samuels may be in danger. [Corridor] Reed and Mayweather are on their way. [Mess hall] You don't want to do this. Give me the phase pistol. That's an order. Ensign. Ensign! [Sickbay] (The loving parents are at the incubator of their dying child. Tucker's left arm is in a sling.) I know. Up until about a hundred years ago, there was one question that burned in every human, that made us study the stars and dream of traveling to them, Are we alone? Our generation is privileged to know the answer to that question. We are all explorers, driven to know what's over the horizon, what's beyond our own shores. And yet, the more I've experienced, the more I've learned that no matter how far we travel, or how fast we get there, the most profound discoveries are not necessarily beyond that next star. They're within us, woven into the threads that bind us, all of us, to each other. The final frontier begins in this hall. Let's explore it together. (Soval rises to his feet and begins the applause.) [Corridor]
The most difficult task facing any Captain, any crew, is the loss of a shipmate. We've come here to honour one of our own. In the time we knew him, he showed us just how much one life can truly matter. We will never forget what he did for us, and for the ship he loved so much. We will go forward with renewed determination to complete this mission, so that his sacrifice won't just have been for the people on this ship, but for all the citizens of Earth. (And the person laid out in the torpedo case is - Charles 'Trip' Tucker!) Two Weeks Earlier [T'Pol's quarters] (Tucker and T'Pol are lying on their sides, massaging each other's heels.)  Archer. [Engineering]  You heard the man, Travis. Four point nine. We just got our second wind. (There's a big bump and people lose their footings. Alarms go off and the fat red line is back and fatter.) Drop to impulse. Trip, status. Analysis. Is that what stopped us? Keep scanning. Polarise the hull plating. Then purge the intake manifolds and shut all the exhaust ports. Go ahead. On my way. Run a full sensor scan. I want to know what we're dealing with. Report. How much time before we can get the engines back online? You'll be supervising the repairs. I've just come from Sickbay. Trip's in a coma. He has extensive neural damage. Doctor Phlox says we have to prepare for the possibility that Trip won't survive. [Sickbay] (Tucker has his head bandaged, monitor devices on his forehead and an oxygen tube under his nose.) How is he? How does this relate to Trip? It becomes a clone. And you want to do this with Trip. Use his DNA to grow a simbiot. It's fifteen day life span.  Come in. But the longer we remain in the field, the more these particles build up. Do whatever you have to do, but we need to get those engines back online. I approved it. We don't answer to the Lyssarrian Prime Conclave. I'm aware of the ethical implications. If we weren't in the Expanse maybe my decision would be different, but we've got to complete this mission. Earth needs Enterprise, Enterprise needs Trip. It's as simple as that. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. The engines are still down and the nucleonic particles continue to build up on the hull. It's been two days since Doctor Phlox initiated the procedure to grow the simbiot. [Sickbay] (The lights are dim as Phlox leads Archer to a large tub with an embryo floating in it.) Three days ago he was just another one of your creatures, something you kept on a shelf. Sounds like you've found yourself a new roommate. I'm sure you'll think of something. (Later -)PHLOX So the older he grows, the more of Trip's life he'll recall? He's starting to look like Trip. It's only been three days and he's already beginning to realise how different he is. I gave the order that created him. I should be the one to explain why. [Deleted scene - corridor] (Porthos comes skittering around a corner, followed by Sim.) Whoa! Where do you think you're off to? Now, don't take it personally. Fetching isn't his style. (holding Porthos): It's all right. Is he okay? It's almost time for his dinner. (to Sim) Do you want to help me feed him? (hands the little dog over to the lad) Come on. [Archer's quarters] (Archer comes in with Porthos's bowl and opening a pouch of food.) There's nothing Porthos likes more than dinnertime. I haven't taught him any. Mostly what he does is eat, sleep, and not fetch. Just fill it up half way. Is that right. (Sim spots a picture on the shelf.) That's right, he did. That's a picture of him right there, and this is me on my first day of flight school. As long as I can remember. It's what I was meant to do. It has its moments. Let me show you something. [Cargo bay]  Keep the nose up. That's right. (Sim is flying a remote control plane.) Trim the port aileron. What? That's a little difficult to answer. (Sim is distracted and the model plane crash lands.) Nothing a little glue won't remedy. I crashed it plenty of times myself. Come with me. [Sickbay] It's okay. (Phlox pulls back the curtains around Trip's bed.) That's right. Yes. No. You're more than that, Sim. You have Trip's memories, but you also have your own memories, the ones you're making here on Enterprise. You were born only four days ago. It's hard to understand, I know. There's part of you, something inside you, that Trip needs. Doctor Phlox is going to have to perform an operation. When Phlox says it, it's the truth. Sure. Captain's log, supplemental. Enterprise has been incapacitated for seven days. During that time Sim has practically become a member of the crew. I've assigned him to Engineering where he's been assisting T'Pol in the on-going effort to repair the engines. [Engineering] Archer to T'Pol. Would you please come to my Ready room. I'm afraid that won't be soon enough. According to Malcolm, the accumulation on the hull is generating a diamagnetic field. It's having a dampening effect. The more the particulate builds up, the more powerful the field becomes. In another four days every system on the ship will be offline. If we don't make it out of here by then, we never will. [Mess hall] Come in. That's out of the question. This is a dangerous procedure. You've never flown a shuttlepod before. I can't jeopardise this ship on the strength of those memories. Mayweather and Reed will pilot the shuttlepods. I want you to co-ordinate from the Bridge. T'Pol will assist you. Yeah, that's part of it. My main concern is that this plan work. If we don't make it out of here in the next six hours it won't matter if Trip survives or not. We'll all be dead. [Bridge] Try the doors. Archer to shuttlepods one and two. [Shuttlepod One] ARCHER  Whenever you're ready.  Come on. [Shuttlepod One] Come on. SIM: Increase the overburn ratio another [Shuttlepod One] SIM  Go ahead. [Shuttlepod One] Sim. Sorry, Sim. Archer to the shuttlepods. (The ship judders.)  How much do we need? That's good enough. Archer to shuttlepods one and two. Come on home. (to Sim) Well done.  You wanted to see me? I'm listening. You told me you could remove the tissue without harming him. That isn't how we see it. Is there any truth to it? Doctor? How long have you been staying here? These are Trip's quarters. Commander Tucker is lying in Sickbay. If you refuse to go through with this you'll be condemning Trip to death. No, but you can save him. Phlox says there's almost no chance that the enzyme will work. But at what cost? It'll take a day to synthesise the enzyme. By that time your neural tissue won't be compatible with Trip's anymore. He'll die. I can't let that happen. If you truly have all of Trip's memories, you know the answer to that. I don't have to tell you what's at stake. I must complete this mission, and to do that I need Trip. Trip! I'll take whatever step's necessary to save him. Even if it means killing you. Don't make me one. [Engineering]  What's the problem? Archer to the Launch Bay. Come in. What stopped you? What would that be? I can't argue with you there. What? I believe that. That's why I gave the order to create you. Thanks. (Sim goes into Tucker's cubicle.)  We will never forget what he did for us, and for the ship he loved so much. We will go forward with renewed determination to complete this mission, so that his sacrifice won't just have been for the people on this ship, but for all the citizens of Earth. (During the speech, the camera continues its pan around from the torpedo casing to Malcolm, Hoshi and Tucker. Malcolm and Travis put the lid on the casket and torpedo case 2744506 is shot out into space.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
She's coming to! Stop. We're not going to hurt you. Can you reverse it? It's all right. He's trying to help you. I haven't had much of an appetite myself. There'll be plenty of time for movies after we've dealt with the Xindi. What did you have in mind? Good choice. We've been reviewing some of these Xindi star charts. Trip thought they might be able to help us figure out if there are any more spatial anomalies in the region. It's late. I didn't want to get you out of bed. Besides, our resident insomniac was looking for something to do. Go ahead. [Bridge]  Have you tried hailing them? I'm on my way. [Bridge]  Where are they? Keep hailing them. Set a course. (They reach a place of erratic, colliding asteroids.) Where's the Vulcan ship? It looks a little too crowded in there for Enterprise. Wake up Mister Reed. Tell him to meet us in the Launch bay. (to Tucker) Try to get your hands on some of that ore. T'Pol. [Shuttlepod] I see it. (Two asteroids collide.) How much farther? Maybe on the way back. So what else do you know about the Seleya? Any idea what they were doing in the Expanse? Let's hope the Seleya fared a little better. Hang on. (A very near miss.) [Transporter alcove] (A rock is beamed aboard, and Tucker scans it.) This is Captain Archer of the starship Enterprise. Please respond. Seleya, come in. (to Reed) Take starboard. (Reed and Hawkins head off together.) You all right? T'Pol? Let's get him in the pod. Keep back! (He phasers them.) ARCHER: Archer to Reed. Have you come across anyone? (Elsewhere.) Watch yourself. Something's happened to them. They've become violent. Lieutenant, you okay? Let's get out of here. (They head back to the pod, and Hawkins adjusts the setting on his rifle.) Keep your weapons on stun. We're from the Starfleet ship Enterprise. Do you understand me? Go. Go on. (They go up a ladder. Archer's foot is grabbed but Where is it? We have to get back to our pod. We should keep moving. How's your arm? How far to their Sickbay? Let's go. (to T'Pol) Are you all right? We'll get you out of here as soon as we can. [Shuttlepod two] (Our two trellium miners are in EV suits minus helmets at the moment.) Any idea what's causing this? (T'Pol scans the Vulcan who is restrained inside an isolation pod.) But you are my Science Officer. I need to know I can depend on you. You don't know that. We're getting you off this ship. We're going to take the scans you made back to Phlox and figure out what's going on here, but first we have to get to the shuttle. How do you open those bulkheads? The bulkheads. Okay. [Seleya crawlway] (T'Pol stops for a rest.) T'Pol, we have to keep moving. (She shrugs off Hawkin's helping hand.) We'll go deal with them. Stay with her, Hawkins. Any more where they came from? Archer to Hawkins. [Seleya compartment]  We're all clear. Secure the door. Any chance of repairing it? T'Pol. Any chance of repairing it. Trip, [Seleya Engineering]  We're going to need some help getting off this ship. How fast can you be here? [Launch bay] It's the Vulcan crew. Something's wrong with them. [Launch bay] ARCHER  Tell Phlox to start analysing it. See if there's anything we can do to help these people. Just get that shuttle flying. [Launch bay] Archer out. You okay? Then we'll have to try something else. What are you talking about? No one's trying to sabotage your work. We should all just focus on getting off this ship safely. I don't think we have much of a choice. Give me the weapon. Listen to me. This is a rescue mission. We're here to save these people. If that's true, then why would I keep our weapons on stun? It's not logical. (She's distracted by a thumping at the door, and he disarms her.) [Sickbay]  Is it too late? What about the Vulcan crew? (Vulcan's start ripping out Doctor, there are over a hundred and forty people on this ship. Enterprise. Phlox, do you hear me? Respond. Shut it off. After you initiate the overload, how long do we have? You heard what the Doctor said. They can't be saved, but you can. Help me get her out of here. (He helps Hawkins up to the ceiling (to T'Pol) Come on. Climb! (Vulcans start to force the door You can't stay here. Watch her. Reed. (They haul a girder in to bridge the gap. It's okay, I'll help you. I can't release the docking clamps. Full power to thrusters. The docking [Shuttlepod]  clamps are jammed. We could use a hand. The ship's about to blow. Get the hell out of here. It may be a while before Phlox finds a way to inoculate T'Pol. Take this to Cargo bay one. Store it in the biohazard locker. How'd it go? I'd like to talk with her. (Phlox wakes her with a hypospray) Phlox was able to help you. You're going to be okay. It was destroyed. I'm sorry, but I didn't have a choice. Yes and no. He collected a good supply of trellium, but it turns out it was trellium that poisoned the Vulcan crew and you. I'm not going to do that. We'll find a way through this, but I won't leave anyone behind. Not if I can help it. I can't try to save humanity without holding on to what makes me human. [Mess hall - movie night] All hands report to stations. Tactical alert. (As T'Pol stands in the turbolift, she sees a zombie Vulcan from the Seleya and fights with him. She's back on the Seleya with explosions and attackers all around her, speaking her name.) [Sickbay] (T'Pol wakes with a start, terrified.)
How many? Any idea who attacked the shuttle? The energy readings we got from the other side of that moon could have come from a Helix. (Archer gives Travis a leg up to look through a window.) Any people? You up for another walk? [Compound corridor] (Suliban look like they have pale yellow Why are we here? To say the least. That's right. I take it you're the man in charge. Military zone? We picked up some unusual energy readings but we had no idea where they were coming from. We were simply curious. You might think about putting up a 'no trespassing' sign. Where are we now? (sitting) Unfortunately. Firsthand. We've been lucky so far. We're eager to get back to Enterprise. If you'll take us to our shuttlepod, we'll be on our way. When's this hearing? I'd like to contact my ship, let them know we're all right. Regulations? So am I. [Cell] (It's night, and they have blankets over their shoulders for warmth. Travis is stirring a bowl of porridge in disdain.) (eating heartily) Why don't you get some sleep. I'll take the first watch. I'll be right back. [Common area] (A Suliban barges in just as Archer is about to get more water.) How about waiting your turn? (No reply. He sees a child helping She's a little young to be a member of the Cabal. I know that you're given genetic tricks as payment. What are they giving her? (The siren sounds.) Is that so? If that's true, then what are you doing here? It's my fault. I'm the one who kept them here. Where are you taking him? Hello again. (the two leave) I hope isolation wasn't too rough. Actually, I was hoping to find out what's going on around here. I spoke to Colonel Grat, but I get the feeling he's not telling me the whole story. Archer. My name is Jonathan Archer. (He introduces Danik to the concept of the handshake.) [Danik's cell] (Later, they're eating together.) They must have tested your DNA, figured out that you haven't been genetically altered. Yes, I did. This is an internment camp. Why did this happen? We're human. Bad news? I'm sorry. (The siren goes off.) Thank you for lunch. Hey! It was just a misunderstanding. I know, I know. it's a big problem with me. I'm just too damn curious. Whenever I meet new people I can't resist trying to get to know them. I'm certainly getting to know a lot about the Suliban around here. I'll do my best. Unless you have any more advice? (stands) I wouldn't know. You'd have to talk to my superiors. What exactly do you want? You've got plenty of Suliban here. Why not ask them? Then why are they in prison? There are families here, children. One man hasn't seen his wife in years. They don't deserve this kind of treatment. Oh, really? Then why not just let them find another place to live? I've met a few Suliban who disagree. Most of the people we meet have been pretty eager to get to know us but we've had our share of unfortunate encounters. I guess you could say this is one of them. What about you? What did you do before you ended up here? I've got a feeling we could be here for awhile. I don't like being strong-armed, and I don't like what he's doing to you and the others. Has anyone every tried to get out of here? Docking bay? What happened? They might have succeeded with a little help from the outside. It won't be long before Enterprise comes looking for Mayweather and me. Have you asked them? How many ships are in that docking bay? [Common area] (Travis gets himself a drink and then spots Sajen at a table. He's left-handed.) What took you so long? More or less. It's not what you think. Are you sure this is a secure frequency? Good. Where are you? Hang on, Trip. We're not ready to leave just yet. [Bridge] Those Suliban you detected are prisoners too, but they're no more guilty than we are. [Cell] I want to help them get out of here. Have you ever heard of Manzanar, Sub-Commander? [Bridge] It's not a planet. It was an internment camp [Cell] On Earth during the Second World War. Japanese-American citizens were imprisoned there even though they didn't do anything wrong. The same thing's happening here. [Bridge] In this case, I'm making an exception. [Bridge] Understood? I've met a Suliban who knows this camp inside and out. We've been working on a plan but we're going to need your help. [Danik's cell] (Studying the compound plan.) We'll need a few of your people. Anyone who's had experience with particle weapons. Enterprise can handle them. We're not working for the Tandarans. I hope the others were more enthusiastic. Well, he's about this tall, a little on the scrawny side, bad teeth. You should check your sensors. They're obviously malfunctioning. It's good to see you, Malcolm. This isn't about my rights. It's about theirs. What makes you think they'll join the Cabal? (seeing Reed waking up) I haven't been here very long but I seem to know these people a hell of a lot better than you do. (Reed rams Grat from behind and Archer gets his weapon off him. The Colonel looks terrified, so they shut him in the cell. Four little ships take off from the space dock, followed by the shuttlepod.) [Shuttlepod] (flying the pod) Archer to Enterprise. We're on our way. [Bridge] Where are those patrol ships? And the Suliban? Good work. [Shuttlepod] We'll see you in a few minutes. Do I think they'll get out of Tandaran space safely? Yes. Do I think they'll be all right? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Previously on Enterprise The hell you don't. Magnify. (There's a crashed ship on the surface.) It doesn't look like a reptilian or a primate design. Biosigns? Anyone else in the system? Put a team together. We'll take them back to Enterprise. Tell Phlox I want a complete autopsy. (to T'Pol) The Major and I will search the port side. See if you can access their ship's database. (Archer and Hayes find a closed door, and pries it up to reveal a huge chamber. They investigate, while elsewhere -) More like an assault vehicle. I'm reading a half dozen particle cannons, torpedo launchers. Archer. A hatchery? Do you think you can repair it? There's a shuttlecraft in their port bay. Get it back to the ship. I want an analysis of their tactical systems as soon as possible. Did you find their Bridge? I'm all right. Humans seem to have that effect on the Xindi. Malcolm's bringing you two dead insectoids. I want you to learn as much as you can about them. What about the data you recovered? Come in. (T'Pol and Tucker enter.) According to Phlox, the insectoids we found weren't killed in the crash, they suffocated? They sacrificed themselves to save their children. You said the hatchery's losing biosupport. How long will it last? I want you to assign a team to repair it. It's not going anywhere. This is a sentient species. We can't abandon them. What if we found a nursery filled with thirty one infant primates. Would you want to torch them? The Xindi are trying to destroy Earth because they heard that humans are ruthless. This is a chance to prove them wrong. I already talked to Phlox. He says they're integrated into the hatchery walls. If we remove them, they'll die. This isn't open for discussion. I'll lead the engineering team. I need you up here to help Travis figure out how to operate that Xindi shuttle. I've made my decision. Get to work. Captain's Starlog, January 8th 2154. We've been in orbit for more than a day. The crew is restless, eager to resume our mission, but I'm certain my decision to stay was the right one. [Xindi shuttle] Then who made all those eggs? What about the hatchery? When will the eggs mature? We've got to get the repairs finished. Contact me if you find anything else. [Hatchery airlock] (T'Pol has walked through the Xindi ship without an EV suit.) What? Later. Are we ready? I asked Major Hayes to assign them. These eggs are vulnerable. There are breaches in the outer hull. There could be predators around. Trip. Trip. (An egg sac explodes and an engineer goes flying.) ARCHER: Shut it down. What happened. Archer to Enterprise. Medical emergency. [Sickbay] (Phlox holda the tiny stiff corpse in one hand.) How's Hoshi coming with that translation. When she's done, ask her to search their database. See if she can locate anything about their burial rituals. Go ahead. What about the reactor? Any way to bring it online? Stand by. Work with Trip. Help him get their reactor up and running. We're going to transfer our antimatter to their ship. Use as much as you have to. I'm not going to let any more of them die. [Command centre] Where's Trip? Did you bring the antimatter? What's the problem? We can spare it. We're only a few light years from the red giant. We'll still have more than enough fuel get there. There are lives at risk here. I'm well aware of that. These Xindi are innocent. If we let them die, we'll be proving to the others that they're right about us. I don't know much about Vulcan ethics, but humans don't throw morality out the window when things start getting a little rough. Your opinions have been noted. Now get back to Enterprise and start the antimatter transfer. You may not be wearing a uniform, but you can still be charged with insubordination. You're relieved as First Officer. Major, escort T'Pol back to the ship and confine her to her quarters. I gave you an order. Come in. How long will it take to transfer the antimatter? I didn't realise how badly I needed a shower. I've spent too much time in that hatchery. I'm happy with the command structure the way it is. This is only temporary. T'Pol just needed a slap on the wrist. These aren't ordinary circumstances. T'Pol refused a direct order in front of the crew. I can't have senior officers behaving like that, especially on a mission this important. My great grandfather was in North Africa during the Eugenics Wars. His battalion was evacuating civilians from a war zone when they came under attack. There was a school full of children directly between them and the enemy. If his men had returned fire, they might have hit it. So he called the commander on the other side, and got him to agree to hold his fire long enough to evacuate the school. There are rules, Trip, even in war. We have to help these children. [Armoury] (On the screen, an image of Enterprise chases an image of an Insectoid ship.) What the hell's going on? You destroyed them? The crew might have been able to take care of the hatchery. We could have kept our antimatter and continued the mission. If you'd explained to them why we were here, you might have avoided a fire fight. Archer to Major Hayes. Report to my Ready room, on the double. I'm relieving you as Tactical officer. From now on, you'll report to Major Hayes. You'll be confined to quarters until further notice. Dismissed. Are you done with that translation? I want you to put together a distress call in the Insectoid language. Transmit it on all frequencies as soon as you're ready. There's nothing more important than the success of this mission. Do you agree, Major? My senior officers don't seem to understand what I'm trying to do here. I guess I have myself to blame. In the past, I've encouraged them to ask questions, but we don't have time for that now. I need officers who respect the chain of command and can follow orders. I thought what happened with T'Pol might have been an isolated incident, but I'm not so sure now. Lieutenant Reed destroyed a ship that could have helped us. I'm starting to wonder if he deliberately tried to sabotage this mission. You're in command while I'm on the surface. You answer to me, and me alone. Is that understood, Major? That'll be all. [Launch bay] What is it? Do I look sick to you? That's right. We'll be light years from here before the Xindi respond to it. We can't afford to play it safe anymore. This mission's too important. If it'll make the two of you feel better, I'll go to Sickbay for a complete physical as soon as that reactor's online. T'Pol's manipulating you, isn't she. If I'm declared unfit for duty, then she takes over. I expected something like this from her, but not from the two Take the shuttlepod back to Enterprise. You heard me. (The two crewmen pick up the boxes and go.) [Armoury] (T'Pol comes down the steps in a Starfleet uniform and baseball cap, then neck pinches one MACO.) You shouldn't have weapons in here. [Bridge] Go back to the ship. Shush. It's all right. (A second baby climbs onto him, and a third. Tucker stuns him.) [Bridge] Come in. It's all right, I was getting up anyway. Oh, I've been better. Are you sure you had that pistol set to stun? You were protecting our mission, Trip. I would have done the same thing. Let's put this behind us, okay? What's our status? The hatchlings? It's time we got back on the road. I want you at your post. We're going to be pushing the engines pretty hard. I'll be on the Bridge. I've had plenty. Okay. I guess I don't want another mutiny on my hands. Tell Travis to set a course for Azati Prime, maximum warp.
Don't worry. I'll be right behind you. (Scene of Archer running along the gantry, with explosions around him, then an external of the Xindi weapon exploding outside Earth's atmosphere.) She's not your type. Where am I? Jonathan Archer. I was in a truck with a couple of German soldiers. There was an explosion, someone started shooting at us. I got away. Sailor? I've been asking myself the same question. (goes to look out of the broken window. The street scene is of German soldiers, piles of smouldering rubbish, and trucks passing by) What year is this? World War Two. Where are we? Can't tell you. It's classified. (Sal points his gun at Archer's head.) All I can tell you is we're on the same side. I didn't cut and run. Where is your husband now? It's not bad. Billie Holiday. Alicia, I'm going to ask you something. It's going to sound a little strange. When I was in a German medical tent, one of the soldiers who came in to see me wasn't like the other ones. He had grey skin, red eyes. He wasn't human. This isn't the first time you've heard something like this. They may be more than stories. I need to track down this soldier I saw. It's very important. Would you contact Sal? [Launch bay] Just tell Sal I want to talk to him. Makes the Germans feel like heroes. Fighting to feed the people. (Two German soldiers notice them and walk over.) Look. Why not? You could say that. (Archer takes Alicia's arm and hustles her away.) I'll keep that in mind. What's he look like? I want to talk to him. No thanks. I got a pretty good idea. I hadn't considered it. Rat. Orson Welles. War of the Worlds. My engineer played it for me once. A friend at a radio station made a recording. I'm sure you would have given them a run for their money. (finding a device) Who are you? Answer me. Why are you changing history? You're helping the Germans win the war. Why? Sal, no! Damn it! Not like that. I don't know how long I can hold them off. You better talk to me. Now, who are you? What are you doing here? You said I was a temporal agent. My ship. I need to contact them. Can I do it with this? (He holds up the device he found.  A siren wails.) The conduit. Where's it being built? (into Ghrath's device) Archer to Enterprise. That was an extraterrestrial. I don't know what planet he was from. Upstate New York. Enterprise, come in. Enterprise. Enterprise! Captain Archer to Enterprise. Come in. Enterprise, come in. T'Pol. Two to transport. (as they are beamed out) It'll have to wait. (Vosk grabs a machine gun and fires as they disappear.) [Transporter alcove] You're all right. You're on my ship. It's kind of complicated. I promise. (He takes her hand and leads her away.) [Bridge] We're not quite home yet, but it's good to be back. I guess I have some catching up to do. Status? (T'Pol looks like she wants to burst into tears and hug him too.) [Corridor] Keep searching. This is one of the aliens' communicators. Take it apart. Figure out how to monitor their transmissions. [Sickbay] (Porthos comes rushing over to his master.) I hope it's the last time you'll have to look after Porthos. Is he awake? Who are they? Stay with me. Stay with me. One of his people told me they were building a conduit.
Go ahead. We're out of options, Travis. Five point two. We have forty seven minutes until our reactor breaches. They altered our engineering subroutines. If we go below warp five, the reactor's going to explode. I've just been talking with Trip. Columbia can rendezvous with us in thirty minutes. He says he can restore the subroutines. We're going to bring him onboard. Trip told me you have experience transferring personnel at warp speed. We don't have weeks. T'Pol's doing the calculations now. At warp five, we'll have to move within fifty metres of each other. Travis can handle the flying. Can you get Trip over here? This is Archer. Stand by, Columbia. Archer to Reed. [Launch bay] We're in position. This is the Bridge. All hands brace for warp field contact. [Launch bay] (Reed watches Colombia appear in the open launch door. Enterprise jolts as they get close.) Make sure everything's ready for Trip in Engineering. (T'Pol leaves the Bridge) Archer to Reed. You're all clear. T'Pol, what's happening? [Engineering] Take power from life support if you have to. [Bridge] But keep the field constant. Engineering, report! [Engineering] You all right, Trip? [Launch bay] But if we shut down the reactor. They won't be able to hold us for more than a minute or two. They don't have enough power. [Launch bay] Shortcut? I'll contact Columbia. [Corridor] (Tucker and Reed have taken off their EV suits, and the two MACOs are waiting.) Go ahead. Archer to Trip. Ready when you are. [Engineering] Understood. [Engineering] Trip, how's it going? You don't have a minute! Fifteen seconds, Trip. [Engineering] Ten seconds. Nine, eight, seven, six. Four, three, two. (The warp field flares bright again around the two ships as the engine comes back to life.) [Bridge] Appreciate the house call, Mister Tucker. Stand by. Enterprise to Columbia. Thanks for the lift. [Colombia Bridge] Any plans for the next few days? [Colombia Bridge] Not when they affect my ship. T'Pol restored everything you tried to erase. We ran his face and voiceprint through our database. His name is Harris. He worked in Starfleet Security up till five years ago. After that, his file ends. I won't accept that. You endangered every member of this crew. You answer to me. I thought I knew you, Malcolm. Whatever hold this Harris has on you, you could have come to me. I'm your commanding officer! If you don't tell me what's going on, I'll go to Starfleet. Whatever you think you've been trying to keep hidden, Is that what you want? Is that what you want?! Then let me talk to someone who can. Send a message to Harris. [Laboratory] Can Kelby handle it? Something else? Nothing I can get into right now. I get the feeling you miss Phlox, too. Maybe it's just the stash of cheese he's got in Sickbay. (his monitor beeps) Hold that thought. Where's my doctor? Phlox was kidnapped. Starfleet would never authorise that. What threat? Klingons attacked my ship. Is that what we're talking about? You put him in an impossible position. You're going to have to do better than that. What else would you call it? How do you feel about it now? Did Harris tell you about this? (He hands over a PADD,) I had T'Pol take a closer look at our prisoner's medical scans. I'm guessing the plague is a side effect of a military experiment that went wrong. Harris claims he's doing this because Starfleet needs a stable Klingon Empire. I don't trust him. If the Klingons needed our help, there are easier ways to get it. There's a way out of this. I don't have to put you back in the Brig, but you have to choose where your loyalties lie. As you were. (Reed takes back his station from a woman.) How long until we reach Qu'Vat? Open a channel to Captain Hernandez. [Laboratory] (Antaak and the other two Klingons are in the background.) We know Phlox was taken to Qu'Vat Colony to work on a cure. We're going to be there in less than an hour. Phlox will be in the medical facility. We need the co-ordinates. If you don't want to help us, help your people. [Qu'Vat Colony] (Phlox has gone to the Augment's barracks.) You all right? I came to get my doctor back. I have two ships in orbit, heavily armed. Keep working. Archer to Enterprise. Tell the Klingons we have the cure. Enterprise, respond! You don't have to do that. My doctor can stop the plague. [Klingon Bridge] How strong are the shields around this place? I'm sure they're doing everything they can. Archer to Enterprise. [Bridge] (As Enterprise makes another pass on Krell's ship, the other two Klingons chase and attack.) How much longer? Can you speed that up a little? Phlox, I've got an idea. If we want to get out of here in one piece, we've got to get that cure, and we're got to get it fast. I don't see any other humans around. Will it give you the cure? Let's get started. This virus may be our best weapon against Krell. Ready when you are. (Phlox straps him into the chair.) [Colombia Bridge]  Not too bad aside, from some strange cravings. A plate full of live gagh sounds pretty good right now. One of us needs to get some exploring done. Thanks for your help. I asked Trip to stick around for a little while to help us out with repairs.
I'm not guilty. Glad you could drop by. I've been better. They promised me a trial before the execution. (Phlox scans Just a scratchy throat. When did you get here? Enemies of the state aren't allowed visitors. Very thoughtful of her. Are they having any luck? When this is over, whatever the outcome, I'm counting on them to get Enterprise safely out of Klingon territory. Not so bad. Can't say I'm a big fan of Klingon cuisine. Thanks for the house call, Doc. Jonathan Archer. We haven't even discussed what happened. Well, I'm not familiar with your justice system. What can I expect out there? Do I get a chance to testify? How can you do that when you haven't heard what really happened? What are they saying? I hope they're not the jury. Who's that? What about you? What's your success rate? Captain Archer of the battle cruiser Enterprise. By whose authority? I don't know your Chancellor, and I don't give a damn what he wants. I've formed an alliance with these people, and I'm going to support their revolt. Fire one shot, and you'll be joining your ancestors in the afterlife. [Hall of Justice] I didn't say any of those things. Can't you object? They weren't traitors. Death to the Empire. (Enterprise fires two phaser shots at the Bortas.) You're not going to question him? I'd like a chance to defend myself. He's distorting the truth. Those people weren't rebels, and I wasn't trying to start a rebellion. I am not your enemy! (He gets punished by pain sticks.) What is this? It's a little underdone. Sorry if I interfered with your legal strategy. How? I told you, they're not rebels. I haven't been able to say anything. I've a pretty good idea. Let's say I did co-operate. What would happen to these people? And end up in a court like this one? Tell the magistrate I'm going to pass on his offer. I know them well enough. They're good people, and I won't turn them over. If you'd let me testify, tell my side of the story, it might become clear why I helped them. But from what I've seen, you're all perfectly happy to ignore what you don't want to hear. No? What's your interpretation? Better or worse? Then maybe you should remind them of those different times. Nothing like a good history lesson. Even if your client's life depends on it? I get the feeling you're as frustrated as I am. That you want to stand up to them. But you've given up. You're afraid of them. Then prove it. Challenge them. Show them what a real trial is like. [Hall of Justice] I'm Captain Jonathan Archer of the Earth Starship Enterprise. We answered a distress call. They were starving. Their life support was failing. As I said, we had received a distress call. [Bridge] (A sad little ship hangs on the viewscreen in front of a ringed planet.)  Magnify. Biosigns? Any response? Malcolm? Can you dock with them? Do your best. [Sickbay] How long ago was that? What brought you out here? We knew that their colony had been abandoned. They were starving. They wouldn't have lasted another week. Apparently it wasn't yours, either. My Chief Engineer had determined that their vessel was beyond repair. [Ready room]  Some of the crew will have to double up, but I think we can accommodate all of them. They were headed for a system a few light years from here. That should keep them safe from the Klingons. Looks like they didn't abandon the colonists after all. How long before they get here? Are all the refugees aboard? Cut their ship loose and go to tactical alert. [Hall of Justice] I was preparing to defend my ship. They may have been subjects of the Empire, but it sure as hell looked like you had abandoned them. What's the composition of those rings? (T'Pol checks on the main table display.) When we pulled that Klingon ship out of the gas giant, did you get a look at their sensor array? If we could ignite the plasma in those rings, would it disrupt their sensors? A few seconds will have to do. Can you modify a torpedo? How long? Get moving. [Hall of Justice] We had no intention of firing first. The Bortas had dropped out of warp with their weapons charged. [Bridge] Hail them. I'm Jonathan Archer, captain of the Starship Enterprise. I wasn't aware they'd committed any crime. From what I can tell, they are in no condition to incite anything. Apparently their colony was abandoned by What do you intend to do with them? I'm sorry, but I'm not prepared to hand them over without a little more information. If I could speak to someone in your government. Fair enough. Let's sit down and try to (Duras ends the transmission, then a torpedo hits Enterprise, followed by another, and disrupter fire. They return phase cannon fire.) Head into the rings. Put us behind it. Stand by. Fire! (the modified torpedo curves around the big rock and detonates the pocket of gas) Let's hope theirs are, too. Get us out of here. [Hall of Justice] Yes. He refused. Yes. We left the system and took the refugees with us. Because Captain Duras is not my enemy.  How long should it take for a verdict? Thanks for what you've done for me. What is it? What's it the blood of? I didn't say that. (He has some more.) ARCHER: How many cases have you won? There are other classes? I guess I did. For thousands of years, my people had similar problems. We fought three world wars that almost destroyed us. Whole generations were nearly wiped out. A few courageous people began to realise they could make a difference. [Hall of Justice] You all right? Not all Klingons are warriors. Remember? (A guard prods Kolos with a pain stick.) Leave him alone. You're welcome. We have a saying on Earth. You don't kick a man when he's down. Like what? Fair? (laughing) It's in our nature. New arrivals? It's all right. He's from my ship. You, too. Lieutenant Reed, this is Kolos, my Advocate. How'd you get here? Is there room for one more? Come on. Why not? You realise what that means. You said most prisoners here don't survive a year. Thank you. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
People are watching. Clap louder. That's an order. That's enough. (Archer leads his people down to meet Nathan Samuels.) Far from it, Minister. Whatever we can do to help. Samuels likes the spotlight, and he's welcome to it. Go ahead. And? If we made an announcement, someone might come forward with information. How? We got a taste of it. I can't believe we're talking about more than a small minority. Maybe I just have a little more faith in humanity than you do. This isn't about finding someone else to watch our backs. All right. I was hoping you'd have some word on the investigation. My Engineer and Science Officer are eager to get some answers. There's got to be something we can do. It's Captain Archer. I want you to talk to an old friend. [Dockside, night] (A seagull cries, then a voice comes from the mist.) Ambassador. I want everything Starfleet has on the investigation. Because the Chief Investigator turned me down. You can change his mind. Susan Khouri was a member of Terra Prime. Not as troubling as something else we learned. You were once a member. That's why you wanted this kept quiet. You were eighteen. I don't care what you did when you were young, Minister. I need your help. Thank you. [Travis' quarters] (He's in casual clothes, working at his computer when the doorbell chimes.) Like mining colonies. Tell Travis to see what he can do. I need to speak to Gannet. Come with us. You reconfigured your universal translator to record messages from all the other translators. You were spying on the delegates. We did a background check. In the last month, you made three trips to the lunar colony. Depends on what you're doing there. Two of my crewmen are at Orpheus Mining Complex. We've lost contact with them. Are they in danger? Take her to the Brig. Get her whoever she wants. (Reed takes Gannet away.) I'm sorry, Travis. Archer. Can you identify it? Hail them. Pursuit course, Travis. Tell Starfleet Command we're going after them. [Orpheus Bridge] Where?
Can we clean up the signal? Let's hear them. (Electronic Jupiter-type music,) None of them are class nine. I think this one's worth a closer look. Get the probe closer. Come in. Hoshi. Of course. What's on your mind? They have their UTs, and we'll try to keep an open comlink. Are you trying to tell me something? I never doubted that you'd find them. Your timing couldn't be better. T'Pol just asked me to assign you to the team. You'd better get to the launch bay before they leave without you. How many are there? You can't tell what happened to them? [Bridge] Stand by. How long is the pod's hull going to hold up? T'Pol. You've got twenty minutes to see if you can do anything for that crew, then I want you out of there. [Klingon bridge] Understood? You have a margin of safety. (He crackles out.) Archer to T'Pol. What's your status? Shuttlepod One, respond. Sounds like Klingon. Set a pursuit course. Bring the grappler online. (The launcher lowers, two lines are fired and latch onto the shuttlepod.) Bridge to Security. Send a team to launch bay one. Trip. The bridge is yours, Travis. Everybody all right? (Trip nods as the guards get up again.) Archer to the Bridge. Have you still got a fix on the shipwreck? Transfer the coordinates to the launch bay. I'm going back for the boarding party. Then polarise the hull plating. We'll take Enterprise down. [Klingon Bridge] Archer to boarding party. Come in. How are you holding up? What's your status? [Klingon Bridge] Don't worry about it. We're coming to get you. [Bridge] Travis, how much farther? Is our probe still working? Try using it to triangulate their position. (But we see the probe implode.) I'm afraid we've got a little hitch in our rescue plan. (Big metallic groans.) We'll be back for you as soon as we can. [Klingon Bridge] In the meantime, just sit tight. (He dissolves into static.) Can you do anything? I'm the Captain. From what I've noticed, that's not hard to do. You stranded three of my people down there. We didn't infect anyone. We boarded your ship to try and help. Look, I don't know what happened to your crew but we had nothing to do with it. Now your vessel is sinking deeper into the atmosphere and unless we do something, it'll be destroyed. I've got three very capable people on your ship. Let them help. If you tell them how to get the engines running, they can fly it out of there. No. (to Trip, leaving) Remind me to stop trying to help people. [Situation room] How long will it last down there? I don't think we're going to get any help from our guest in We've run into them three times, and every time they've wanted That may not be so easy. We could use their help right now. If we can re-establish a comm. signal with T'Pol and the others, the Klingon woman could probably talk them through the repairs, but she's got a thousand generations of instinct telling her not to trust me. Go ahead. [Sickbay] Qapla'. Success. I decided to take your advice about thinking like a Klingon. The Vulcan database has about nine hundred pages on them. Plenty. They're driven by a warrior mentality. They tend to view anyone they meet as a potential enemy. They also have a strong sense of duty. Er, Heh CHo' mruak tah. Death before dishonour. Finish up that diagnostic. I'll be in Sickbay. Something like that. [Sickbay] Doctor Phlox has developed an antidote to the neurotoxin in your system. Have you had a drink lately? The bio-agent that affected you and your crew was consumed, apparently in alcohol. Yes? I can understand your not wanting to talk about it, if the raid went badly for you. Did your whole crew drink it? I'll take that as a yes. It was that ale that infected you, not us. Think about it. When did your crew start getting sick? Was it right after the raid? After you celebrated your victory? Is it? How do you feel? Better or worse since the injection? We can make enough of this for your entire crew, if it's not too late. What if this isn't a trick? What if we're telling you the truth? You'd be letting your crew die a very dishonourable death when you could have saved them. Can you live with that? [Klingon Bridge] (A photon torpedo has been fired down into the lower atmosphere.) That's how we found it the first time. (The shuttlepod jolts.) Weapons fire. Bearing two nine seven mark two six one, down about two kilometres. [Klingon Bridge] Another explosion. There's a shock wave this time. Hang on. (Debris flies up past the shuttlepod, then the ship itself comes into view.) [Klingon Bridge] What have you been shooting at? I brought someone who should be able to help do just that. We're docking now. [Klingon corridor] I believe you've all met Officer Bu'kaH. What's the status of their engines? I didn't bring you down here just so you could die with your shipmates. My crew risked their lives to get this ship out of danger. I don't intend to leave until the job is finished. [Bridge] This is Klingon Raptor Somraw, hailing Enterprise. Request permission to disembark four passengers. (Bu'kaH is in the Captain's chair.) Thanks. Get ready to break orbit, Travis. I think we've had about enough of this place. I doubt it. Put it through. (The Klingon Captain appears on the viewscreen.) What can I do for you? Maybe your engineer neglected to tell you, but we just saved you and your crew. It was either that or stand by and watch you get crushed. You wouldn't last ten seconds in a battle with us. You've got multiple hull breaches, your shields are down, and from what I'm told you're fresh out of torpedoes. If I were you, I'd take what little honour I had left and go home. Fire one shot and I'll blast you right back to where we found you. (The transmission ends with a snarl.) Get us out of here before their friends show up. (He shakes head.) [Decon chamber] (The team is relaxing in the UV light, and the comm. unit is beeping.)
Not exactly. (He holds the book cover up by the side of his computer I had high hopes when I was a kid. (comm. chirps) Yes? Do you know who it is? Doesn't look like any Vulcan ship I've ever seen. It is. I'm Captain Jonathan Archer. I get the feeling you weren't sent out here by the High Command. What brings you out this far? From what I'm told, Vulcans aren't that interested in exploring. Certainly. We'll see what we can do. [Captain's mess] (The two ships are docked together.) That's good to know. I was starting to think they'd singled us out. Our chef's had a lot of experience lately preparing Vulcan dishes. T'Pol says he's gotten pretty good at it. (Tavin points at Archer's plate.) Oh, it's called chicken. Of course. It's, er, meat, you know. So, when did you leave Vulcan? You said you were explorers? I'm sorry? My Chief Engineer tells me your repairs are going to take three or four days. We were going to use that time to explore the nebula, if you don't mind tagging along. Well, that shouldn't be a problem. Tell him Chef's recipes are usually classified but, we'll make an exception in this case. I thought you'd be spending a little more time getting to know our guests. It seems to me like, you've been busy avoiding them. I can understand that you might not approve of what they're trying to do, but for all we know they're onto something. Is it? Eight years. That's a pretty good track record. Maybe I'm just relieved to finally meet some Vulcans who aren't giving me a hard time. Then again, if they have found this balance. Unless my instincts are way off, they don't seem very dangerous to me. But I could be wrong. I can't order you to spend time with them, but I would encourage you to keep an open mind. [Mess hall] (It is empty, save for T'Pol getting a hot drink whilst reading a PADD.) Pictures don't do it justice. Eight billion? Are you sure? My astronomy book said it was only six and a half. How long would it take to chart that thing? We should have someone on your ship to monitor the data. (to T'Pol) Would you mind working from there? (to Tavin) Glad you dropped by. Take us in, Travis. (Enterprise enters the blue haze of the Arachnid nebula.) [Vahklas sensor control] (The nebula is on the main monitor.) Starfleet? I'll take it in my ready room. [Ready room] Admiral Forrest. Good to see you. A Vulcan crew. How'd you know? A favour from me? I don't think so. What do they want me to do? Yes. I'll see what I can do. Understood. Come in. Please have a seat. That's good to hear. I called you here to pass along a message from your father. Actually, it came through a Vulcan ambassador. I'm sorry to be the one to tell you this, but your father is very ill. He wants you to contact him as soon as possible. If you'd like, my comm. officer can arrange the transmission. I know it's none of my business, but do you plan on contacting him? He's dying, Kov. From what I hear you've become fast friends. Maybe you'll have better luck than I did. Do your best. What about this Tolaris fellow? T'Pol's been spending a lot of time with him lately. Two days ago she couldn't wait to get these people off the ship. I practically had to order her to work with him. Now, they're almost inseparable. Well, let me know how it goes with Kov. Come in. Morning. Can I get you something? Coffee? Have a seat. Trip tells me the repairs to your ship are almost finished. You should be on your way pretty soon. How's that survey coming along? That's great news. I wanted to thank you for all of your help. Starfleet's finest. Sleep well last night? Tossed and turned. Always happens whenever we're exploring someplace new. Sorry to keep you. I'm afraid you'll be working alone today. Sub-Commander T'Pol's in Sickbay. From what the doctor tells me, she's in pretty bad shape. You know damn well what happened. She told me about your, what did she call it, mind-meld? She said when she asked you to stop, you got angry. She said she had to force you away. You assaulted a member of my crew. Panic doesn't land you in Sickbay. Our doctor said she could have suffered neurological damage, thanks to you. You've been manipulating her ever since you came aboard. T'Pol's had enough of your help. Stay away from her. I told you, it's over. Maybe I'm not making myself clear. Sickbay's off-limits. What's wrong, Tolaris? Getting angry? I thought you had that under control. T'Pol's right. You've got a temper. Go to hell. (Tolaris pushes him away, against the wall, then lifts him off his feet against the ceiling and throws him over the desk. Archer removes a phase pistol from the back of his chair.) If I'd known I was going to get thrown across the room that hard, I might have tried a different approach. I think it's time you and your friends went on your merry way. [Corridor] Is this a bad time? Feeling any better? About twenty minutes ago. You do this every night? I think I finally understand why. I'll see you in the morning. T'POL; Captain. Do you dream? Sure. Sometimes they're even in colour. Most nights.
Welcome back. How did your treasure hunt turn out? Can you bring the shuttlepod in? [Shuttlepod] Slow and steady, Ensign. I'll see you in Decon. [Shuttlepod] (to T'Pol) Call Phlox. (Travis and Reed exchange a knowing look.) [Decon] (Archer and Phlox are outside the chamber, Hoshi and Tucker are inside.) Trip, how you feeling? We need to check out the shuttlepod, too. See if any of its environmental systems were at fault. Stay where you are, Trip. Phlox needs blood samples. Hoshi, what is it? Anything? Doesn't sound good. This is an M class planet. All life forms down there should be carbon-based. Is there a treatment? Then it's up to you. It's me. (The cover slides back to reveal a pasty-faced, sweaty Tucker.) You're usually too stubborn to be talked out of anything. But I'll do my best. How's Hoshi? Phlox identified what's causing all the trouble. A silicon-based virus. He's working on it. So is T'Pol. Not yet. If you mean how much time do you have, it's too early for that kind of talk. Your own immune system could knock this thing out. Don't you give up on me. Get some rest. [Corridor] There. If Phlox is right about the virus coming here on a meteorite, that crater might be the source of it. Which means the Klingons at this campsite must have been infected, too. Set up a priority channel to Starfleet Command. We need to find out which Klingon ship explored this world, and whether or not they developed a cure. I've heard from Starfleet. They're working through diplomatic channels to contact the Klingons, but it might not be necessary. This spectrograph identifies a Klingon alloy. I found it here. It's what's left of a Klingon shuttlecraft. Their response to an infected landing party. The Commander killed his own shuttle crew. At least we know we don't have to bother asking them if they have a cure. On bended knee. [Decon chamber] Shut down all power to D deck. I want those doors sealed. [Corridor] (The lights have gone out, there's just red emergency lighting, and finally Tucker has stirred himself.) We can't risk Hoshi wandering off again. Especially since it seems she can override every security safeguard on Enterprise. [Decon chamber] It's your turn, Trip. Sorry, Trip. How close are you to stopping this? Sounds promising. There's got to be some kind of a trade-off. A way to produce enough radiation to slow down the virus without killing the patient. Work faster. [Bridge] (Travis goes over to Reed's station and whispers in his ear.) What is the significance? He must have used Denobulan technology. We had nothing to do with it. It's been so long since we had physical form, we weren't able to distinguish sleep from sedation. Memories are simple to adjust. We could. According to what I read on the Doctor's medical PADD, he's learned how to stop the infection. Did we make First Contact with any of them? That won't be a problem. We're going to make this work. [Outside the quarantine area] (Archer and Phlox are in EV suits.) Engaging quarantine. Entering the quarantine zone. [Decon chamber] She's stopped breathing. [Outside the quarantine area] Hoshi. Phlox! (Phlox is having trouble opening a case, and is about to take his glove off.) What are you doing?! I'll be your hands. Right now, Enterprise needs a doctor more than it needs a Captain. (He takes off the gloves, and his helmet.) Come on, Hoshi. Again! Not your fault, Doctor. You should continue your work on the Bridge. Less chance of something going wrong with your suit. You know where to find me. (Phlox leaves.) Archer to T'Pol. [Bridge] I take it you've been watching. Then you know you're in command? I would like to think you'll stay in command. Don't let Admiral Gardner sneak in someone over your head. I know you will. I need to look after Trip now. [Sickbay] We'll talk again. We'll talk again. [Bridge] I'll let you know right away. Archer out. [Sickbay] (Archer goes over to Tucker, who sounds as if he is having trouble breathing. He puts his hand on his friend's chest, then looks at the monitor. Tucker dies.) Trip? What did you do to him? Did you know about the silicon virus? You knew about the virus that killed two members of my crew, and you didn't warn us? I don't care about your rules. Tell me what happens to Trip and Hoshi when you're finished with their bodies. Dead? I understand why you won't get involved with a species' natural development. I've faced that decision myself. It isn't an easy one to make. No, we don't. Our encounter with the virus was an accident. one that you could have prevented. Ask us. Talk to us. Just like you're doing now. Not from where I'm standing. Maybe you've evolved into beings with abilities I can't comprehend, but you've paid a hell of a price. You've lost compassion and empathy. Things that give life meaning. And if that's what it takes to be advanced, I don't want any part of it. There's another way. Experience compassion for yourself. You want to know what it means to be human, you need to do more than observe. [Bridge] Archer to the Bridge. You wanted to know when Trip was awake. Well, you'd better get down here because he's talking up a storm, and so is Hoshi. You too, Phlox. Maybe one of you can tell me what the hell just happened. [Sickbay] I'm sure someone at Starfleet Medical will figure it out. But for now, we're going to leave a warning beacon in orbit here and make sure what happened to us never happens to anyone again. [Turbolift]
Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Trip and I have left Keto-Enol, where we had a successful first contact with the Enolians. We also found time to squeeze in a little R + R. You in charge here? If you're not, I need to speak to your superior officer. (The guard triggers a painful punishment via the wrist restraints.) I'm okay. (The person sitting on the bench in front of Archer speaks.) Do you know where they're taking us? I heard something about Canamar. I assume that's where we're going. They think we're smugglers. Hopefully, there'll be a judge or someone on that processing station we can talk to. You might want to make friends with that Nausicaan. You ever fly a warp ship before? It's harder than you think. You hit the wrong control, you could overload the plasma manifolds or shut down the antimatter containment field. We'd all end up a cloud of ionised gas. A damn good one. I'm a smuggler, remember? My partner's an engineer. I could use his help. Every ship's different. Give me some time. (He takes the right hand seat.) ARCHER: These look like landing thrusters, attitude control, warp stabilizers. Navigation. This one? Which planet? We're not going to get very far in a stolen Because we're innocent. I have friends who wanted to keep doing business with me. They made a few discreet payments and now I'm innocent. I would have been off this ship by now if you hadn't staged your little revolt. I hope you've thought this through. I'm curious. How'd you get out of those restraints? You couldn't have a lock pick, the guards would have found it. How did you know you were going to need them? (changes seats) I don't know what you have in mind, but I'm involved now. I don't want to go to Canamar any more than you do. If we run into trouble, my partner could help. Subspace transceiver. I'm taking it offline. It leaves a subspace signature. Even when it's not transmitting, someone could track us. (Kuroda smashes it with his gun.) We're new to this region. We used to work mostly in the Sol system. That's our sun. Our homeworld is called Earth. (An alarm goes off.) Two vessels approaching from aft. They've found us. You think I sent a distress call? I told you we should have gotten rid of this ship. It's too easy to track. They're charging weapons. Those are heavily armed patrol ships. We're only a transport. We're outgunned. I'd rather take my chances on Canamar. They're targeting our engines. No. We don't have the firepower. If we attack those ships, they'll destroy us. I think I can get us out of this, but I'll need Tucker's help.  [Prison transport] Trip, what's your status? Now.  [Prison transport] They've taken damage. Propulsion is down on both ships. We should get out of here while we can. There's no need. Do you think the Enolians are just going to give up if we destroy two of their ships? All I'm wanted for is smuggling. I don't need to add murder charges to it. Let me get us out of here. I used it once before, outrunning a customs vessel near Coridan. Every ship leaving Keto-Enol was being boarded and searched. To get through the checkpoint, I said I was a starship captain and Tucker was my engineer. I made quite a point about how I was on a peaceful mission of exploration. What do you think? They turned our shuttle inside out, found my cargo, and we wound up here. Doing what? I'm a smuggler. I'm not good at much else. It's not as if I have a lot of options right now. Before we're going to work together, I'd like to know where we're headed. And then? This thruster assembly took a lot of damage. We should have Tucker take a look at it. You're not the one who has to fly this thing. It's better than nothing. Sounds like you started your career early. No? That sounds pretty severe. Welcome to Tamaal. Where are your friends? Do you have landing coordinates? What about the others? Are you going to let them go to prison? It'll be incinerated. Why kill all these people? Just leave them. The docking hatch was damaged by the patrol ships. Kuroda wants Tucker to see if he can repair it. (He holds up a shackle control device and he is let through to the prisoners. Tucker's shackles fall off.) Your guess is as good as mine. (At the docking hatch controls towards the back of the compartment, the pair remove a bulkhead as the Nausicaan stands guard.) He's taking us off on a shuttle. Then he plans to crash the ship. We can't wait for Enterprise. We've got to try to take control. Think you can handle him? Their ship might be big enough to hold everyone here. Why don't we take them along? Trip.  [Prison transport docking port] How's that docking port coming? (Tucker is straining at a wheel.) Do your best.  [Prison transport docking port] Do you know how to repair that docking hatch? It's not easy. We're in a decaying orbit. Shoot me and you'll die with the others. You don't have to kill these people. They've docked. (He goes to the hatch and opens it, and a fire-fight starts between Kuroda and - Reed and his security team. Archer is given a phase pistol. The prisoners try to makes themselves as small as possible. Finally Archer gets Kuroda as he tries to open the door to the Bridge. Travis checks on a fallen crewman.) I see my message got through. This will open the restraints. (The ship rocks again.) ARCHER: Get everyone on that shuttle. (Archer goes to the Bridge as the ship enters the atmosphere. The prisoners virtually stampede for the docking hatch, and the guard carries his companion. We see Kuroda move his head.)  [Prison transport Bridge] Not unless you have a spare thruster assembly. Is everyone off? I'll be right there.  [Prison transport] He won't have to. Let's go. (Reed and Trip haul the Nausicaan out by his feet, and Archer picks up Kuroda, who knocks him over. They fight, then Kuroda closes the docking hatch.) It's too late. We've lost thrusters. We've got to get out! (They fight again, and Archer tries to open the hatch. The docking seal is flexing as the joined ships buck about in the atmosphere. During the fight, Kuroda takes another shackle from the wall, so Archer uses the device to give him a zap. He gets the hatch open, Reed comes in as Kuroda heads for the Bridge.) Kuroda. It's over. We've got some men in there who could use your help. I'll be fine. Trip. (The pair walk away.) I'll give you one right now. Kuroda's dead, the other eleven prisoners are under guard. As you're aware, my Engineer and I were falsely arrested. We almost wound up in Canamar. Makes me wonder how many others don't belong there. You wanted a report? You've got one. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of   CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
For those of you who aren't near a window, you might want to find one. There's something pretty amazing off starboard. (A comet Please report to the Bridge. Take us closer, Ensign. Ever seen anything like that in your astronomy books? I always wanted to chase a comet. Maybe we should spend a few days following this one. Except this one's bigger than any comet humans have ever seen. That's got to be worth a look. Stay with it, Travis. Eisilium? I've never heard of eisilium. This could be your chance. Can we collect a sample with the transporter? How long would you need? You up for a little comet walk? Get started. [Bridge] Hail them. This is Captain Jonathan Archer of the Starship Enterprise. Pleased to meet you. Not at all. Just taking a look at this comet. Really? My science officer tells me that Vulcans that Vulcans aren't very interested in comets. We plan to send a drilling team to the surface to collect core samples. You're welcome to participate. Stay as long as you want. (Vanik cuts transmission.) ARCHER: T'Pol. [Ready room] I'd love to know what they're really doing here. You don't find anything strange about them suddenly showing up? Curious? That doesn't sound very Vulcan to me. This isn't the first time we've caught them lurking around. Remember three weeks ago, the planetary nebula? So why didn't they respond to our hails? Why'd they go to warp when we headed toward them? I'm starting to get the feeling they're looking over our shoulder a little too often. We'll see. Fine. If Vanik is the kind of guy who likes to watch, let him. [Shuttlepod] You're sure this was sent to her quarters. Not a word. We had an agreement. She promised not to speak to the Vulcans without telling me. Tell her it's top priority. [Bridge] Stay put, Commander. This is important. Start the recording. To the students of Miz Malvin's fourth grade class at the Worley Elementary School in Kenmare, County Kerry, Ireland. This is Captain Archer aboard the starship Enterprise. On behalf of the entire crew, I'd like to thank you for your transmission. We all got a real kick out of your drawings and letters. You asked a lot of interesting questions. I wish we had time to answer all of them, but if we did that, we wouldn't get much exploring done. So I've selected a few, and hopefully our answers will give you a better idea of what life is like out here. Liam Brennan asks 'what do you eat?' For the most part, the same things you eat at home. Our Chef can make anything from a peanut butter and jelly sandwich to turkey with all the trimmings. We have a hydroponic greenhouse onboard where we grow fruits and vegetables, and we can also replicate certain foods with our protein resequencer. Here's one from Geoff Miles. 'Is dating allowed on Enterprise?' Well, it's not discouraged, but there isn't a lot of privacy on a starship. Most of our crew share quarters with at least one other person, so it wouldn't exactly be practical. But if two crewmembers decide that they really like each other, there are a lot of places they can go to look at the stars. Chloe O'Shannon wants to know, 'how do we talk to aliens?' I think I'll give that one to my Communications Officer, Ensign Hoshi Sato. Thanks, Hoshi. Here's one from Molly McCook. 'When you flush the toilet, where does it go?' That sounds like an engineering question, so we'll ask Commander Charles Tucker, our Chief Engineer. Trip. It's a perfectly valid question. (Tucker nods at Hoshi to resume recording.) You're doing fine. (The recording is resumed.) Very enlightening, Commander. Gabrielle Witty wants to know if germs can live in space. Thank you, Doctor. Fascinating. I think we've taken up enough of Miz Malvin's classroom time. By the way, we've included some pictures of a comet we're studying. We think it might be the biggest one ever discovered by humans or Vulcans. That's what's so exciting about being on Enterprise. You never know what you're going to find next. We miss Earth, but hearing from you makes us all feel a little closer to home. Archer to Lieutenant Reed. How are you doing, Malcolm? I'm sure I don't need to remind you we're being observed. (The two men and the snowman are on the viewscreen.) We want this to go as smoothly as possible. [Comet surface] Make a good impression. So tell me, [Bridge] Who's the sculptor? [Comet surface] Archer out. [Engineering] Come in. And? What did it say? What do you mean? Why the hell was it encrypted? Let it go, Trip. Come on, it was an honest mistake. How's that going to help? You're a good man. You might want to take a phase pistol with you. Archer to T'Pol. Please report to my Ready room. I thought I'd invite Captain Vanik for a visit. If he's so interested in how we do things, he might as well come see for himself. Once he realises we're not going to blow up the galaxy, maybe he'll leave us alone. Dinner's a good way to break the ice. I was hoping you might give Chef some menu suggestions. A little food, a little wine. You know what I mean. Just help me make him go away. [Sickbay] Go ahead. Stand by. Inform the Vulcans we're about to make a very loud noise. Archer to Reed. Blast away. [Comet surface] If I'm not mistaken, you're flying a Surak class ship. You can get her up to, what, six, six point five? A few years back I was a guest aboard a Maymora class ship, the Yarahla. Captain Tok. Do you know him? Oh. We made a run to a dark matter nebula. I helped set up the graviton telescope. Most fun I've ever had on a space walk. Those Vulcan EV suits are something else, like you're flying around inside your own little starship.  (Vanik is not eating.) Something wrong with your Pok Tar? If it's not to your liking, I'm sure our Chef can prepare you something else. After dinner, I thought you might like to take a look around. Enterprise may not be Surak class, but she's quite a ship. Tea? You know, for people who claim not to be explorers, you sure do get around. On the contrary, it's nice to know no matter how big the universe is, there's always a Vulcan ship nearby. We have this peculiar habit of actually talking during meals. We'd be happy to answer any questions you might have. Well, where did the time go? Seems like you just got here. I'm sure you're eager to get back to your ship so I'll trouble you with just one last question. (stands) How long to you plan on spying on us? Please show Captain Vanik to the launch bay. Archer to Lieutenant Reed. How's it going? You may want to pick up the pace a little bit. The comet's rotational axis shifted when you set off those charges. In about two hours the shuttlepod will be facing the star. [Bridge] The temperature's going to shoot up by a couple of hundred degrees. I want you out of there before then. [Comet surface] Be sure you are. Archer out. [T'Pol's quarters] You two okay? About eighteen metres. We'll get you out of there. [Shuttlepod] Just give us a few minutes. Bring the grappler online. I'll get you in close enough. (Archer takes over the helm and flies Take a message, I'm busy. Tell him we've got everything under control. One'll be fine. Reel them in. Ease them back down. (The grapple gives way and the pod lands again with a thump.) Let's try it again. Then we'd better hurry. I'd rather leave him out of this. Reset the grappler. We can do this on our own. I thought you might want to take a look at the data we collected. You helped us bring it back, it's the least we can do. You've done more than enough. See you around. (transmission ends) Go right ahead. What was that all about?
Sounds promising. And that is? Can't wait to find out. Let's see it. (A rounded, green ship is on the viewscreen.) Tactical Alert. Let's see what they want, Hoshi. And you are? And you're targeting mine. It seems we're at an impasse. Instead of sitting here pointing guns at each other, why don't we deactivate our weapons together? Now, what can we do for you? I'm listening. We've dealt with your people before. The experience wasn't one I care to repeat. If you can give me some idea what this is about? I have a feeling he'd see it as an insult. Any chance to improve relations with the Syndicate, I'm willing to take that risk. Anything to have one less hostile species out there. (Archer and the two MACOs beam over to the Orion ship.) [Engineering] Delicious. Favourable, I hope. With all those people after me, I need to stay quick on my feet. You said you had something important to discuss with us. I'd have to agree with my tactical officer. He claims he's discovered a planet with large deposits of magnesite. Enough to build a thousand warp reactors. And that's just what his scanners could detect. He's offering to give us the coordinates. He doesn't have the infrastructure to get the magnesite out of the ground. And he'll get a ten-percent share. He's also promised to help establish a dialogue between Starfleet and the Orion Syndicate. I already have. Harrad-Sar insisted that I accept a gift to celebrate the transaction. Given the situation, I couldn't refuse. [Corridor] (Malcolm is escorting three green women, and whenever they pass a crewman, another tongue is added to their red carpet.) Concerns? You're telling me. The crew isn't used to having Orions on board. I get the picture. Or lack of it. (his grin fades away at her look) I'll see about assigning them some clothes. I'll speak to them first chance I get. Navaar, you and your sisters don't belong to me, or anyone else. (Navaar nuzzles his neck.) On my world, slavery's been illegal for hundreds of years. I'm saying that you're here as our guests not our property. You're free to start a new life. In the meantime, I've asked my protocol officer, Hoshi Sato, to brief you on ship's operations. There are certain areas that are reserved for Starfleet personnel. There's no reason to apologise. It's a big adjustment for the three of you. I'd be lying if I said no. Not necessarily. Archer here. I'll be right there. [Bridge] (Archer seems drunk or drugged when he finally arrives on the Bridge.) Go ahead. Harrad-Sar was telling the truth? Keep scanning. I want to know how much is down there. I'm fine. A ship? Try hailing them. Get us closer, within ten kilometres. Phase cannons. Which means they won't be shooting at us anymore. And maybe they won't. Target them. Lieutenant. Lock phase cannons! When can we get underway? Kelby. Tell me what happened. Three other people were there. They all saw you. Tell me why you did this. Kelby. Not till I get some answers first. All right. Doesn't seem to be affecting you. (holding up a device) We found this in your quarters. It's a communication device. You've been in contact with Harrad-Sar as recently as two hours ago. You were sent here to disable my ship. That was his plan from Doctor Phlox believes that prolonged exposure to your pheromones makes men delusional, and extremely vulnerable to suggestion. That's how you convinced Kelby to sabotage our engines. Damn it! It's time to start telling me the truth! I'm not the one you should be worried about. I'm a lot better at carrying them out. Tell me. When's he going to attack us? Get down to Engineering. Do what you can to help Trip. I don't need you to look after me. I can handle it. We need to get the engines back online. I don't want to be a sitting duck when Harrad-Sar gets here. You have your orders. [Engineering] Tactical Alert. Distance. Put him up. Then take out his. (Some shots are exchanged, but the Orion gets in more hits than Enterprise.) Protect our aft cannons. Archer to Engineering. [Engineering] Can we get more power [Bridge] To the thrusters? [Engineering] Hard to starboard. Torpedoes. Thrusters. Full astern. We're not going anywhere. Release my ship! They control you? The deflector? And disable his power systems. Do it. Get off my bridge. (Navaar tries to climb inside Archer's uniform.) Lieutenant Reed. (Reed is totally distracted by D'Nesh.) Take T'Pol to the Brig. (getting an injection) Okay. (Then he nearly falls off the biobed.) Glad to hear that. Well done. You'll be glad to know my log won't mention your firing on a fellow officer. Was that my imagination? It almost sounded like you were making a joke. T'Pol, if I didn't know better, I'd think you were picking up some of Trip's bad habits. [Corridor leaving Sickbay]
Even your scientists have confirmed the existence of dark matter. That's the point. If it really is a dark matter nebula, we'd be the first to directly observe one. I've heard of Vulcan experiments where they were able to excite dark matter by bombarding it with metrion particles. (to Tucker) Could you rig some kind of spatial charges? Something that would spread the metrion particles over a wider area? Get to work on these charges.  This is good timing, Admiral. We just picked up some very interesting sensor readings. What are their ranges? Thanks. If this nebula exists, we don't know what effect it could have on the shuttlepod. Not this time, Trip. All the close calls he had flying warp trials, and he gets killed climbing Mount McKinley. (Archer gets into Pod One, and Tucker closes the door.) [Shuttlepod] (Archer starts pre-flight checks, and T'Pol enters the pod with a case.) Thanks. We? I'd prefer to handle this myself. Go ahead and meditate. I'm fine. A Starfleet Captain. A. G. Robinson. I wouldn't be out here if it weren't for him. I'm sure there's a paragraph about him in the Vulcan data base. We were in the NX test programme, trying to break the warp two barrier. There was just a few of us. Gardner, Duvall, AG and me. We all wanted the first flight [Memory - Starfleet Command, Forrest's office] ARCHER (our of uniform) Sorry I'm late, Commodore. I came straight from the test bay. Ninety two. Sir, you didn't call me here to ask about an engine test. We all know the assignment's about to be handed out. I'm guessing this is either really good news or AG's a fine pilot. Sounds good. You know I spent more time in the simulator than anyone. If I can do anything to help AG prepare for The most important thing to me is that we succeed. Is there anything else?  Thanks, Ruby. Sure, why? Sherlock Holmes has nothing on you. Do you remember what Buzz Aldrin said when he stepped on the moon? Nobody does, because Armstrong went first. (He goes over to a group at the bar.) Congratulations. (They shakes hands.) Of course not. I'm waiting for Forrest to realise what a horrible mistake he made. Until then, let me buy you a drink. To Commander A. G. Robinson. We all worked hard to get this flight, but in the end the best pilot won. Just ask him. AG. Take it easy Commander, you're due in the simulator at oh seven hundred. First flight's in two weeks. I bet you're going to tell me. And? That's right. Only one of us was going to get to fly that ship. Nothing wrong with a little healthy competition. I agree. Was that a compliment? Not exactly. He was lucky to come out of it in one piece. [Memory - NX Control room] (There is an audience of Vulcans, and Commodore Forrest.) Maintain your orbit. We're trying to run down a problem with the stabilisation protocols. What can I get you? [NX Alpha]  I'll send Ruby up to take your order. Good news AG. I just got word from the powers that be that you're good to go. [NX Alpha]  Warp field initialisation in twenty seconds. [NX Alpha]  We noticed that here. Do you want to bring her back to the garage? [NX Alpha] NX control to NX Alpha. You have my permission to go to warp. [NX Alpha]  Warp one. One point five. That little bump you just felt was warp two. Congratulations. Now let's see if you can get it up to two point one. [NX Alpha] AG, we're getting some pretty unusual telemetry down here. We need you to go sublight until we get this sorted out. (An alarm sounds.) [NX Alpha] ARCHER Negative. Abort! [NX Control room]  Warp two point one five. Two point two. [NX Alpha] AG, you've got to get out of there. (NX Alpha drops out of warp near Jupiter and explodes.) [NX Control room] NX Control to NX Alpha, come in. AG, can you hear me? [Shuttlepod] We should be entering the nebula. As Doctor Phlox would say, optimism. Time to put Trip's charges to the test. Three seconds. (Two charges explode, making purple patterns.) Anything? (She checks the sensor display in her case, and shakes her head.) We need to move deeper into the nebula, if it exists. The field emissions on the charges could have been too low, or maybe we're just on a wild goose chase. He made the record books for being the first person to deploy an escape pod at warp, but he lost one of two NX prototypes. Nearly derailed the entire programme. [Memory - NX Hanger]  Are you all right? You where ordered to abort. He's right. This is a new engine. It's bound to have a few bugs to work out. We've got a lot of data to analyse before we know what happened. We should be grateful we only lost the ship. [602 club] Who's Cyrus? What's your name, Lieutenant? Trip? Thanks with your help today with our Vulcan friends, Trip. My father would have appreciated it. Commodore. Of course. (all sit) Is there something on your mind, Sir? For how long? What do you mean, indefinitely? We have an engine that works now. If we start over, it'll be decades before we get into deep space. I suppose you heard. Where have you been all day? You should be. The Vulcans have been leaning on Starfleet for years to rein in this programme. You walked in there today, ruled out pilot error, and told them just what they wanted to hear. Our engine doesn't work. I agree. We need a pilot who listens to orders. If you aborted, we'd still have a ship and probably another chance. At the first sign of trouble, you should've throttled down. I guess we'll never find out. There's nothing wrong with that ship! What the hell's that supposed to mean? Not before I got two bruised ribs and a cracked molar. It's all right. Auxiliary's kicking in. We must be getting close. Trip said the dark matter might affect the shuttle's systems. He'll be happy to hear he was right. I don't think so. Our pre-launch checks were all fine. Something else caused that surge. Have a little faith, T'Pol. One thing I learned from AG. You're never going to get anywhere without taking risks. Quite a bit. Humans can have funny ways of forming friendships. He would have loved it out here. Too bad he never got the chance. God knows he earned it. He was also responsible for getting it back on course, with a little help from me and Trip. [Memory - NX Locker room] (AG is clearing out his locker.) I see you're not losing any time. I'm not clearing out just yet. I've been thinking about what you were saying last night about my father's engine. You were right. I wanted to see this thing fly so badly, it kept me from being objective. It may. I got my hands on the telemetry from your flight. It looks like Tucker was right about the intermix, but I think we can compensate for it. We can take this to Starfleet, make a case to get off the ground again. Commodore Forrest will back us up. Even if his two senior pilots insist that this ship can fly? If the three of us go in there together, we might be able to change their minds. You just went faster than any human being ever has and now your going to walk away? Let them put the ship in mothballs when we're so close to breaking warp three? You're always talking about taking risks. What have we got to lose? I'm open to suggestions. They'll never give us clearance.  We should be twenty thousand kilometres inside the nebula. Let's load up two more charges. It wasn't the kind of thing Starfleet Command wanted to advertise. Don't you believe me? Well, you didn't know me then. I was a little more by-the-book. We still have two more charges. Let's keep looking. Promise you won't put this into the Vulcan database? [Memory - NX Hangar, night] ARCHER Thanks. I'll keep an eye on it. We need you down here. Don't worry, you'll get out there someday. If I had my own ship I'd sign you up in a second. Thanks, Trip. [NX Beta]  No response from the auxiliary APU's. How's it coming, Trip? How long?  Acknowledged. (The hangar doors rumble open.) Not on your life. (The ship goes past Tucker and his monitor as it leaves hangar and then hurtles up the launch ramp.) Anyone noticed we're gone yet?  Warp field is stable. (Robinson releases his seat harness.) Something wrong? What? We're about to find out. Just running an engine test, sir. We see it. (AG makes manual adjustments in the NX-B, but it just gets worse.) Warp two point one five. (to AG) You'd better get that intermix locked down because I'm not backing off till I break your record. Got it? With all due respect, its not your's either. You're right, sir. We were reckless. We knew there'd be consequences. We knew we'd probably be thrown out of Starfleet. AG and I may never fly again, but its a small sacrifice to make if it keeps this project going. We didn't build this engine to make test runs around Jupiter. We built it to explore. If my father were alive today, he'd be standing here asking, what the hell are we waiting for? [Shuttlepod] Convincing enough. We managed to avoid a court martial, but they grounded us for three months. Eventually. The Vulcans had us run every simulation they could think of for over a year before they finally admitted the engine would probably work. Eight months after that, Duvall broke warp three in the NX Delta. Five years later we laid the keel for Enterprise. You know the rest. I'd hate to see those last two charges go to waste. (they fire, and detonate) Anything on sensors? T'Pol, come up and look at this a minute. Let the sensors do it. That's why AG and I worked so hard to get out here. He wasn't alone, but by the end AG and I were the only two candidates left. They made the final selection six months before we launched. Maybe I just got lucky. [Memory - 602 Club]  Thanks. Luck had nothing to do with it. To the first skipper of the NX02. Right. [Launch Bay] You should've been there. What would you suggest? The T'Pol - Archer nebula?
The Makers? It becomes a clone. Come in. I had a conversation with Major Hayes this morning. He wants to put your security team and all the senior officers through a series of training drills. These would be different. They'd be conducted by Major Hayes and the MACOs. We're heading into a hostile situation. We don't know what we're going to face when we get there. The MACOs' tactics and technology are two, three years beyond Starfleet's. Why not let them pass on some of that expertise? You don't agree. Hayes and his men have gone up against a few aliens on this mission, including the Xindi. They've handled themselves pretty well. I'd like you to co-ordinate the training sessions with the Major. What's the problem. What do you mean? Maybe it's one of the navigational sensors. Let's go take a look. (They arrive at an orangey brown bubbly gloop anomaly.) Let's see it. (There in the gloop is an escape pod or something similar.) Are there any other ships in the vicinity? Bring the grappler online. (It misses because the gloop slows and deflects it.) Try again. Travis. (The air goes purple and the Bridge fills with sparkly things and gas. Consoles go bang.) Archer to Engineering. The helm's not responding. We need full reverse [Engineering] (The atmosphere here is clean.) Right away. Get us out of here. Do you think you can stop it? (goes to the biobed) I'm Captain Archer. Your vessel has minimal life support. You wouldn't last too long if we took you back. What was that pod designed to do? You're dying. We're doing everything we can for you, but How's it coming? Get us underway as soon as you can. Learn anything? Do you think the Spheres have something to do with creating this thing? Maybe the alien we picked up is the last survivor. I want you and Trip to take a look at the pod. If we can't revive the alien, it may be our best source of information. [Cargo bay] (Hayes is giving a martial arts demonstration.) You remember the Triannon creation myth? And that the Spheres were reshaping the Expanse into a paradise for the faithful. A canary. On Earth, miners used to take canaries into the tunnels with them. If the canary didn't die, the miners knew the air would be safe to breathe, and they could proceed. [Sickbay] I want to talk to him again. Find a way. Until I get the answers I need, we're going to have to bend a few ethics. Notify me when he's conscious. [T'Pol's quarters] We know you were sent here as some kind of test subject. The region of space where we found you. What is it? Hold off a second. Keep going. I find that hard to believe. We found you drifting in a pod, hooked up to banks of monitoring equipment. You're telling me you have no idea why? That's impossible. Tactical alert. Senior officers to their posts. [Bridge] (As the alien continues to walk through bulkheads, startling crew members.) He's on B deck. Malcolm, status. Archer to Engineering. [Engineering] Doctor Phlox says you have a detached retina, a bruised left kidney. We're in a dangerous region of space. We're trying to stop an alien race from destroying Earth. We face attacks from all sides, enemies everywhere we go. The last thing I need is to hear that two of my senior officers have been admitted to Sickbay because they suddenly regressed to the level of five year olds. Don't try to tell me who started it! I don't know what the problem is between you two, and to tell you the truth I don't care, but I want it settled right now. Settle it! That's an order! How are the drills going? Archer. On my way. (Archer leaves.) You weren't sent here against your will. You know exactly what your mission was. What were your people trying to do? You tried to destroy my ship. Why? Answer me! Damn. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Previously on Enterprise ARCHER [Bridge] If we continue, there's a good chance this ship is going to get torn apart. Are you picking up the tracking signal? But you are now. Set a course. Tell Trip I want everything he can give me from the engines. And? How long to go around it? Alert the crew. It's going to get rough. [Engineering] Go ahead. Acknowledged. T'Pol? Do your best. Travis, take us in. One half impulse. Just how accurate is this map of yours? Expanding? Emergency power to hull plating. Brace for impact. (A big green nasty passes all the way through the ship, causing bangs and injuries.) Come about. Get us out of here. Can you identify it? I guess we owe someone a thank-you. You don't seem to be having any trouble. That explains how you got here. It doesn't explain why. Why are you here? Phase cannons? How long to fix them? Commander Shran offered to send his Tactical Officer over to help. The kemocite signal Hoshi picked up could lead us to the Xindi weapon. We're going to need our defences. I don't like the idea of having the Andorians down here any more than you do, but we could use their help. Good. Let's put them to work. You been talking to Lieutenant Reed? They're here to help, T'Pol. I'm not going to ask them to work with guns at their heads just because you don't like them. I appreciate that, but whatever problems exist between Vulcan and Andoria don't involve us. What happened? Is that your assessment or the High Commands? I don't trust them either, T'Pol, but based on my experience I think I can trust Commander Shran. [Mess hall] I appreciate the gesture, but we have a lot of repairs to make. Thanks. So, how did you get picked for this assignment? We keep doing each other favours. Close enough, Travis. We don't want to give ourselves away. Any biosigns? I don't think they attacked anyone. It's Bikini Atoll. When my species was developing primitive nuclear weapons they needed places to test them. One was a remote island called Bikini Atoll. It's possible. If they are getting ready to test their weapon, we're running out of time. I agree. We need to get a closer look. What's the status of our repairs? Weapons? How long? If they are here to test that thing, we may not have two days. I don't intend to destroy it. If we could get our hands on this weapon, Starfleet might be able to figure out a defence. We're going to take it. [Armoury] Report. Can we get a closer look? Gralik. An arboreal Xindi that we met at a facility that manufactured one of the components for the weapon. He promised to help us. Looks like he kept his word. How long until it's safe enough to get close? We've got to get to it before they do. What if we shield the launch bay, evacuate all the adjacent compartments. Could we bring it aboard any sooner? That's a generous offer, but what are we supposed to do, cheer you on? Archer to Lieutenant Reed. [Armoury] What's the status on weapons? We're going to need them. Archer out. I appreciate your offer, Shran. We accept. I'm going with you. I plan to be there when you bring the weapon aboard. That's not good enough. If something goes wrong. What happened to this being a joint venture? They're going to have to. This is my mission. This isn't about pride. The Xindi killed seven million humans, not Andorians. I won't put the fate of my people in the hands of the Imperial Guard. Now, we could use your help, but if you're not happy with me calling the shots then we'll go it alone. [Shran's ready room] Try to keep them busy. Let's go get it. What about Enterprise? Contact T'Pol. Have her meet us at the rendezvous point. Is there a problem? What are you doing? Now I see why you generously offered to let us use your ship, you son of a bitch. I'm starting to think the Vulcans may be right about you. What are you talking about? You're putting Earth at risk because of a border dispute with the Vulcans? I guess I'm not familiar with the Andorian concept of help. My crew won't let you take the weapon without a fight. You'll have to slow down to pass back through the anomaly field. You like to talk about repaying debts. I've owed you that for a long time. What about our sensors? Their ship? You don't think I'd let your people work on my ship without appropriate supervision. Give us the weapon. No, I think you're going to give it to us. Willingly. You tossed me overboard before I had a chance to thank you for letting us access your sensor telemetry. When the Xindi tested the weapon we were able to intercept their activation codes. Give it to us, or we'll detonate it in your cargo bay. I'd rather do that than let you take it back to Andoria. I can't take the chance that you'd use it against the Vulcans. You said you came to help us, Shran. You can still make good on your offer. You're not giving me any choice. T'Pol. (she works at her station, and Archer smirks at Shran) I'd get rid of it while you still can. Shran. [IW Kumari Bridge] Let's get moving. The Andorians? Open a channel to Shran. Ask him if he requires our assistance. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Commander Shran graciously declined our offer of help. The last we saw of them, they were limping away on auxiliary power. [Command centre] You have something? Let's see it. Get it to Starfleet Command right away. (Hoshi leaves.) ARCHER: Why don't you and Trip join me for dinner tonight. I have some Andorian ale you might like to try. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Archer to Shuttlepod one. Looks like you're about to have some company, Trip. Sensors are picking up a small (Fizzle, crackle.) Last known position? Trip's a good pilot. If he was near one of those moons he most likely set down on it. How many are there? Then we'd better start looking. Travis. We'll scan every moon, even if we have to do it with binoculars. Keep hailing him. [Shuttlepod] (Tucker opens the hatch and comes out into a night scene with insects chirping. There's rock and a dead tree. He goes back inside to tend to his scratches and record events to date.) Who are they? You've dealt with them? And you are? I'm Captain Jonathan Archer of the Starship Enterprise. We weren't aware that this system was claimed by anyone. Sub-Commander T-Pol is my Science Officer. A member of my crew is missing. We believe he exchanged weapons fire with a small vessel. Was it one of yours? Then maybe we can look for them together. Once we've recovered our crewman we'll be more than happy to leave. Either way, we're not going anywhere until we know what happened. Now it seems to me we have a similar problem. Two missing people and sixty two moons. It'll go a lot faster if we use both our ships to co-ordinate the search. The sooner we get started, the sooner we'll be out of your territory. [Shuttlepod] (Tucker has gone out scouting for the thief. He locates another crashed pod and campfire, but makes a noise as his foot slips on some gravel. The alien hasn't heard him, so Tucker makes his way Any progress? And the Arkonians? This is their territory. They could have called for more ships to help search. What's the bad blood? Well, maybe we'll have better luck with them. They agreed to work with us. What have you got? I'll need a little help here. Go on. Doesn't sound so bad. We'd better hope that Trip landed on the night side. Trip? It was transmitted on a Starfleet frequency. That's why I asked you here. The message was in a Starfleet frequency, but we think the carrier wave was generated by your technology. We weren't able to respond. If we can't isolate the wave we won't be able to rescue either of them. My science officer believes she can recalibrate your scanners to isolate our frequencies. Then you can pinpoint their location. Then send your science officer over here. T'Pol can show him what to do. It seems my engineer and your pilot have found a way to work together. [Cliff face] (Zho'Kaan looks in a bad way and Trip is stripped to the waist.) We read you, Trip. We're getting a lock on your position now. it's selenium isotopes, but we don't think it will interfere with the transporter. We know. The Arkonians helped us find you. How are you and their pilot getting along? Stand by, Trip. (to Reed) Prepare the transporter. What's the problem? Meaning? Archer to Commander Tucker. Trip, we can bring you aboard but we can't transport the Arkonian. Doctor Phlox says it will kill him. We'll try to find a way to get him back to his ship. [Bridge] But in the meantime, I'm getting you out of there. Let's get you home. [Cliff face] Then we'll worry about your friend. How? We'll talk to them, but I won't let you stay down there much longer. [Cliff face] Archer out. (A little later, and sweat is visibly pouring off Tucker. Why isn't it evaporating?) Come in. (T'Pol and Zshaar enter.) ARCHER: I just got a report from my doctor. Your pilot's responding well. He'll be ready to go home in a few hours. He's tired and a bit sunburned, but he's doing fine. It was a misunderstanding. I hope we can avoid them in the future. I guess we won't be adding the Arkonians to our list of friends. Let's hope it stays that way. [Sickbay]
Be sure they match the colour to the nacelle housings. Maybe. God, she's beautiful. Neptune and back in six minutes. Let's take a look at the lateral sensor array. Slow down. There, those are the ports that buckled during the last test. They need to be reinforced. (Tucker makes a note and the pod bounces against the ship's hull) Great, you scratched the paint. Go ahead. Admiral. Not everyone. Where'd he come from? (They're viewing through window.) Kronos? Well, isn't that a surprise. You'd think they'd have come up with something a little more imaginative this time. Corpse? Is he dead? [Intensive Care Unit] Excuse me, is that man dead? (He speaks to a humanoid with a high forehead and ridges running up from the outside of his eyesockets.) Is he going to die? Let me get this straight. You're going to disconnect this man from life support even though he could live. Now where's the logic in that? So that's your diplomatic solution, to do what they tell you. Pull the plug? We may be crude, but we're not murderers. You're not going to let them do this, are you? Admiral. We've been deferring to their judgement for a hundred years! How much longer? Ready to what? Volatile? You have no idea how much I'm restraining myself from knocking you on your ass. These Klingons, they're anxious to get their man back. Fine. I can have my ship ready to go in three days. We'll take him back home, alive. Three days, that's all I need. When your logic doesn't work, you raise your voice? You've been on Earth too long. (The Vulcans leave) You've got to have someone who can cover for you. Hoshi I could order you. I need someone with your ear. Klingon. Ambassador Soval gave us a sampling of their linguistic database. They are. but we agreed to make a few compromises. Not much. An empire of warriors with eighty poly-guttural dialects constructed on an adaptive syntax. Think about it. You'd be the first human to talk to these people. Do you really want someone else to do it? [Corridor]  Since we needed their star charts to get to Kronos. Admiral Forrest says we should think of her more as a chaperone. Four days there, four days back, then she's gone. In the meantime, we're to extend her every courtesy. Here we go. Come in. Is there a problem? Oh, I forgot. Vulcan females have a heightened sense of smell. I hope Porthos isn't too offensive to you. I'm sorry. This is Commander Charles Tucker the third. Sub-Commander T'Pol. While you may not share our enthusiasm about this mission, I expect you to follow our rules. What's said in this room and out on that Bridge is privileged information. I don't want every word I say being picked apart the next day by the Vulcan High Command. Your superiors don't think we can flush a toilet without one of you to assist us. That'll be all. [Spacedock - view of Enterprise through window] Take her out, Mister Mayweather. Straight and steady. (Umbilicals are released and Enterprise glides out of spacedock) [Engineering] How are we doing, Trip? Prepare for warp.TRAVIS: Course laid in, sir. Request permission to get underway. Thank you. Let's go. [Temporal Communication Chamber] Love what you've done with the place. What'd you think of Earth? I've lived in San Francisco all my life. What's in there? Their droppings? I'm sorry I had to take you away from your programme but, our doctors haven't even heard of a Klingon. Ensign Mayweather tells me we'll be to Kronos in about eighty hours. Any chance he'll be conscious by then? Eighty hours, Doctor. If he doesn't walk off this ship on his own two feet, he doesn't stand much of a chance. The Grand Canyon? Big Sur Aquarium? All work and no play. Everyone should get out for a little fun now and then. Come in. Sit down T'Pol tells me she's been living at the Vulcan Compound in Sausalito. (as T'Pol tries to eat a bread stick with knife and fork) It might be a little easier using your fingers. Don't worry. We know you're a vegetarian. Enlightened may be too strong a word, but if you'd been on Earth fifty years ago, I think you'd be impressed by what we've gotten done. Human instinct is pretty strong. You can't expect us to change overnight. Feel what? Bring us to four four, Ensign. It's easy to get a little jumpy when you're travelling at thirty million kilometres a second. Should be old hat in a week's time. Archer. On my way. Hoshi. [Sickbay] What's wrong? Tell him we're taking him home. Say it was destroyed. Try the translator again. Bridge, report. Auxiliary power should have kicked in by now. Do you know how to tell him to shut up? You may have to sedate him. I need to get to the Bridge. Crewman! (He fires and misses.) We've got state of the art sensors. Why the hell didn't we detect them? I want a complete analysis of that disturbance. Where do we stand on weapons? What're you waiting for? The Klingon seemed to know who they were. See if you can translate what he said. You're the Science Officer. Why don't you help Trip with that analysis? We're not going to San Francisco, so make do with what we've got here. I didn't lose the Klingon. He was taken, and I'm going to find out who took him. Come with me. [Ready room] I'm not interested in what you think about this mission so take your Vulcan cynicism and bury it along with your repressed emotions. I've been listening to you Vulcans tell us what not to do all my entire life. I watched my father work his ass off while your scientists held back just enough information to keep him from succeeding. He deserved to see that launch. You may have life spans of two hundred years, we don't. No, I'm not. And neither are you. Now get the hell out there and make yourself useful. [Sickbay] What have you found, Doctor? Meaning? Are you saying he's some kind of a mutant? It's not in their genome? Any luck? What've you got? Nothing about the Suliban? Does that name ring a bell to you? Well, they have now. Did he say anything about Earth? Jelik, Sarin, Rigel, Tholia. Anything sound familiar? T'Pol? Why the hesitation? Why do I get the feeling you weren't going to share that little piece of information? The next time I learn you're withholding something, you're going to spend the rest of this voyage confined to some very cramped quarters. Understood? Archer to helm. Go into the Vulcan star charts and find a system called Rigel, then set a course for the tenth planet. As soon as we've tied down, we'll be descending into the trade complex. It has thirty-six levels. The Vulcans told us Klaang was a courier. If he was there to get something, then whoever gave it to him might know why he was taken. It was only a few days ago. A seven foot Klingon doesn't go unnoticed. (The shuttlepod launches and descends through a blizzard to the landing platform.) [Rigel Trade Complex] (There are sounds coming from behind a This was a one man Klingon scout ship. Humans. We're called humans. Does it say who he was here to see? You don't seem to be very interested in what people do here. Do you have any records of a Suliban vessel coming in around the same time? Go ahead. Where on level nineteen? I'll meet you there as soon as I can. Archer out. Enclave can mean a lot of things. Hello! Excuse me! Archer to T'Pol. T'Pol, come in. There are plenty of people right here. (He powers up his phase pistol.) Stay behind me. (They get jumped by a group of Suliban and hustled away. Hoshi is put Who the hell are you? I was hoping you could tell me. They looked a lot like your friends outside. How come you don't look like your friends? What I'd prefer is that you give me Klaang back. Home. We were just taking him home. You'd better be careful. I'm a lot bigger than you are. What are you doing? You know, under different circumstances, I might be flattered by this, but.(She kisses him, then her skin changes from human to You're Suliban Evolution? So you know I'm not lying to you. Now what? How do you know that? What kind of message? Why would the Suliban want that? Temporal? You've lost me. What? On the roof. Docking port three. Trip! (accepting T'Pol's direction) Come on! Lieutenant Reed, this is Archer. Come in. We're on the roof. You need to get up here as quickly [Shuttlepod] as you can. Get Hoshi to the ship. Now! (He runs over to I said go! (She obeys but Archer gets shot in the leg. The two men drag him safely aboard.) [Shuttlepod] How long have? Thanks. That depends. What's been going on the last six hours? Are we underway? (Tucker nods) You didn't waste much time, did you? How long before we get back to Earth? You got their plasma decay rate? What happened to this is a foolish mission? As acting Captain, you could've done whatever the hell you wanted to do. Dismissed. (T'Pol leaves.) Enterprise Starlog, Captain Jonathan Archer. April 16th, 2151. We've been tracking the Suliban ship for ten hours, thanks to our Science Officer, who came up with a way to tweak the sensors. Computer, pause. I save her life, and now she's helping us with the mission. One good turn deserves another doesn't sound very Vulcan. Resume log. I have no reason to believe that Klaang is still alive but if what the Suliban woman told me is true, it's crucial that we try to find him. Computer, pause. (to Porthos) Have you ever known a Vulcan to return a favour? No, neither have I. Resume log. I still haven't decided whether to ask Sub-Commander T'Pol about this Temporal Cold War. My instincts tell me not to trust her. Computer, pause. Archer to T'Pol. Report. From the looks of it, a class six or seven. We've lost them. Move us in closer. Anything? You finished helping us? You heard her. Recalibrate the sensor array. Narrow band, short to mid range. Your instincts were right. Those fragments weren't from one Suliban ship How are your targeting scanners? Bring the weapons online and polarise the hull plating. Lay in a sixty degree vector. We're going in. [Temporal communication chamber] Travis? (ship shudders) I wouldn't exactly call this an improvement. It's just a little bad weather. (they move into a clear layer) Level off. Go to long range scans. Put it up. What kind of weapons? (viewscreen shows a spacedock type structure) All sensors. Get whatever you can. Go tighter. Bio-signs? Just a little [Bridge] trouble with the bad guys. Take us up. What've you got? Even if it is Klaang, we'd have a tough time getting him out of there We've risked too much to bring him back inside out. Would the grappler work in a liquid atmosphere? Bring it online. One more time, Mister Mayweather. (Enterprise descends into the clear air, exchanging weapons fire with the small pods) Hold your position. Hold your position. Now, Mister Reed. (a turret comes out from Enterprise's underside and fires two grappling hooks at the pod then quickly reels it in. The pilot ejects with just a parachute) Release the inertial clamps here, here, and here then initialize the coaxial ports. I don't doubt it, but I need you here. You're gonna have to speed this up a little, Travis. We'll be back before you know it. Have Mayweather plot a course for Kronos. I was beginning to think you understood why we have to do this alone. Never put off 'til tomorrow. Am I sensing concern? Last time I checked, that was considered an emotion. Come in. You finished? Ah. Our new weapons. Time to go. The ship is yours. (The Suliban pod is launched) [Suliban pod] What's that? That's reassuring. [Bridge] Bring the docking interface online. The coaxial ports. Let's go. Bank starboard, ninety degrees. That's the upper support radius. Drop down right below it. Start a counter clockwise sweep. A little more. A little more. (they bump another pod) Right there. [Suliban Helix] (They dock, the front hatch opens and they get out with their case of gizmos.) (firing at a passing Suliban) Stun seems to work. [Bridge] Be quiet. (Klaang mutters as they take cover from Suliban weapons.) Give me the box. (Klaang goes hand to hand with a Suliban.)TUCKER: Thanks. Get to the ship. I'll be right behind you. (He sets the magnetic unlocking device, then discovers just how many pieces the structure is really made of. Forcefields activate to stop atmosphere escaping, and thousands of pods fall off a central spacedock shaped structure.) {Suliban pod] It worked, Trip. Still on the central core. Get Klaang back to Enterprise. [Suliban pod] Get him to the ship. You can come back for me. Believe me, I'll try. [Suliban pod] What is this room? What goes on in here? Am I supposed to be impressed that you know my name? Well, I guess you have me at a disadvantage. So why don't you drop this invisible man routine and let me see who I'm talking to? [Bridge] This chameleon thing is pretty fancy. Was it payment for pitting the Klingons against each other, or a trophy from your Temporal Cold War. Really? Then you obviously don't know as much about me as you thought you did. (getting his weapon back) What's the matter? No genetic tricks to keep you from getting knocked on your butt? So to speed things up a little, you struck a deal with the devil. (He gets Silik to fire at the door, then dashes out. They both end up fighting in the strobing room. Meanwhile Enterprise is flying back to the Helix) [Bridge] I'll take that as a thank you. What did he say? Come in. I've just gotten a response to the message I sent to Admiral Forrest. He enjoyed telling the Vulcan High Command about the Suliban we ran into. It isn't every day he gets to be the one dispensing information. I wanted you both to hear Starfleet's orders before I inform the crew. Your people are sending a transport to pick you up. It would be a little out of our way. Admiral Forrest sees no reason why we shouldn't keep going. I have a feeling Doctor Phlox won't mind staying around for a while. He's developing a fondness for the human endocrine system. I think that outer hull's going to need a little patching up. Let's hope that's the last time somebody takes a shot at us. T'Pol, would you stick around for a minute? Ever since I can remember, I've seen Vulcans as an obstacle, always keeping us from standing on our own two feet. No, I don't think you do. If I'm going to pull this off, there are a few things I have to leave behind. Things like preconceptions, holding grudges. This mission would've failed without your help. I was thinking. A Vulcan Science Officer could come in handy, but if I asked you to stay it might look like I wasn't ready to do this on my own. Perhaps I should. Permission granted. [Bridge] I hope nobody is in a big hurry to get home. Starfleet seems to think that we're ready to begin our mission. I understand there's an inhabited planet a few light years from here. That's what we're here to find out. Prepare to break orbit and lay in a course. We can't be afraid of the wind, Ensign. Take us to warp four. (A young boy and his proud father watch as the model spaceship flies straight and true in the coastal breeze.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
 I thought I was the only one who lived here during my off hours. Seems pretty random. A second sphere. If you're right, then we should be able to start predicting where we're going to run into trouble. Assuming there is a second sphere, how far away is it? Set a course. [Bridge] You have to admit it's a possibility. I want you to keep Hoshi under observation until we can sort this out. Post a security detail outside, and assign teams to Engineering and the Armoury until further notice. Around here, you never know. I'll see you both in the morning. (Reed and Archer leave.)  What did he tell you about the Xindi? He could have given you something as a show of good faith. This could be another attempt by the Xindi to infiltrate Enterprise. Archer to Mayweather. We're taking a slight detour. [Tarquin's study] (Enterprise arrives at a planet with turquoise oceans, and the shuttlepod takes Archer, Reed and Hoshi down to a home built into a craggy mountain peak. The front doors open on their own and they go into a corridor like the one Hoshi ran down. She goes straight to another pair of doors and opens them. They enter a room lit by lots of candles in wall sconces, and with a fire burning in the grate.) The Captain's always a part of first contact missions. Star Fleet regulations. I hope that's not a problem. You said you could help us with our mission. I can arrange to have something sent down. How much time would you need with it? We'll be back as soon as we can. I'm afraid that's not appropriate. My instincts tell me otherwise. He's hiding something. We think it was a prototype. From a much larger weapon. Do I have to tell you to stay on your toes? Did you bring a phase pistol? You know how to reach me. [Tarquin's dining room] (A big table is laid with silverware and candles.)  Archer to the Bridge. I assume we're getting close? Take us out of warp. I'm on my way.  Status. All stop! The anomalies are stronger here. Which means if we continue, there's a good chance the ship is going to get torn apart. If it is there, how far? Bridge to Commander Tucker. How are your engines [Engineering] ARCHER  How long would it take you to insulate a shuttlepod with trellium-D. [Engineering] Get started. Hold our position. (to T'Pol) You might want to steer clear of the Launch bay for the next couple of days. (piloting) No anomalies. Archer to Enterprise. We're approaching seventy nine thousand kilometres. Still no sign [Command centre] ARCHER Stand by. [Shuttlepod] (There's a judder.) I think we've found it. Hull integrity? Trip. (There's a sphere in front of them.) ARCHER: Let's get going with the scans. Is there a problem? How much time do you need? Bring the descent thrusters online. Thrusters, Trip, and get the EV suits ready. [Sphere surface] Get to work. I'm going to take a look around. How's it coming, Trip? What happened? I can see that. Can we launch without a port thruster? Whoever gets the first clear shot. (He fires.) It was right where you said it was, T'Pol. We got all the scans you asked for. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. While T'Pol analyses the data from the sphere, we set a course to pick up Ensign Sato and find out if the alien learned anything about the Xindi. [Hoshi's bedroom] (There's a knock on the door, then it opens.) How was your stay? I'm sure. If it's any consolation, your time here was well spent. We've learnt more about the Xindi than I expected, and he's offered to keep supplying us with information for as long as we're in range, thanks to you. There is one condition. He wants you to stay with him while he continues his work. I won't order you to do this, Hoshi, but it may be our best chance of finding the weapon before it's too late. With any luck, it'll only take a few weeks, maybe a month. We'd come back for you as soon as the mission's over. I don't need to tell you what's at stake, Ensign. Thank you, Hoshi. There's no reason for you to leave. Just give me a list of what you need and I'll have it sent down. We'll take care of it. Don't worry. I wish there was time. I'm sure Travis will understand. Travis and the others. They realise how important this is. We've known each other a long time. We'll be back for you as soon as we can. Hoshi. Hoshi. (He reaches for her and she shrugs him off.) [Bridge]  Open a channel to Ensign Sato. What's going on? Malcolm. Tactical alert. Put her through. We are now. What the hell's going on?  What have you got? Nearly? The waves aren't intersecting where they're supposed to. A third sphere? How many? Fifty man-made spheres, each one the size of a small moon. Did it ever occur to you that whoever built these things may have done it to create the Expanse?  I was afraid that might happen. What are they for?
I didn't know you drank wine. To our Science Officer. It's been one year to the day since you officially joined our crew. That's no small accomplishment considering the previous record for a Vulcan serving on a human ship was two weeks. I've been filling out your annual crew evaluation. Just a formality. There's something in your record I've been meaning to ask you about. While you were stationed in Sausalito you took a five-day leave. You went to an old mining town in Pennsylvania, Carbon Creek? Seems like an odd place to take a vacation. Then, if I may ask, why'd you go there? Just curious. Trip, if she doesn't want to tell us. Then you were about three thousand kilometres off. That took place in Montana. Why did the Vulcans keep this a secret? Don't forget how long Vulcans live. Trip, that's classified information. Please, go on. Hold on, hold on. We didn't say we weren't interested. Didn't people wonder how he got them out? How long did this Mestral stay on Earth? And that would be what, another hundred, hundred and fifty years? You did go to Carbon Creek. My pleasure. You've certainly kept us entertained.
T'Pol. Any people? Still, someone may have a claim on it. We don't want to go waltzing into their back yard. Scan for marker buoys, beacons, man-made satellites. Prep a shuttlepod, Mister Tucker. (Tucker starts to leave) I like the looks of the northern continent. See if you can find a good place to set down. Protocols. How long would all that take? I understand that you have a more cautious approach, but we didn't come out here to tip-toe around. (to Tucker) Get the pod ready. Set us down just east of those hills. I almost forgot what fresh air smells like. Put that thing away. Take a minute to enjoy yourself. The sky ever get this blue on Vulcan? We're walking on an alien world light years from Earth or Vulcan. Doesn't that impress you? Smile. Be sure to get a copy of that to the Vulcan High Command. I'm afraid my log entry isn't going to do this justice. Three weeks in deep space, you're ready to jump ship? Archer. No, no problem. [Landing site] Why? Sorry, we lost track of time. We'll be right there. [Landing site] I'm glad to see you're getting into the spirit of things. Pick you up in the morning. Why can't it be a little bit of both? Research isn't the only reason we're out here. Pitch your tent, Commander. Come in. (He throws a ball at Reed.) ARCHER: Nice catch. You'd make a good two metre man. Too bad we don't have a pool on board. Survey team? Archer to T'Pol. What's your status? [Cavern] Mister Reed thinks we should come down and get you. We'll keep an eye on the storm. Let us know if you need anything. Keep the pod on standby, just in case. Can you make it back to the cavern? Archer to Novakovich. Ethan, respond. [Planet surface] This is Captain Archer. We're attempting to land. I want you to get back to the cavern. We're closing in on your position, Trip. There's a clearing a hundred metres from the cave entrance. Get to it. [Shuttlepod] I'm taking us down. There's a lot of wind shear near the surface. Activate the auxiliary landing thrusters. Altitude seventy I see it. (The wing tip grazes a rocky outcrop.) Almost there. Archer to Tucker. We're going to have to wait [Shuttlepod] Until the wind dies down. Try to manage till then. [Clearing] If you run across [Shuttlepod] Any more of these aliens, try to make contact. [Clearing] See what you can find out about them. How's he doing? Try him again. Mister Reed, can you get a lock on him? [Transporter alcove] Looks like our only choice. Can I talk to him? No. If it was down on the planet, why didn't our sensors pick it up? How long will the effects last? Will this tro- Will it affect T'Pol as well? Archer to T'Pol. [Cavern] We have Novakovich. What? What are you talking about? Listen to me. You've all been exposed to a psychotropic compound. It causes heightened anxiety [Cavern] Hallucinations. The compound comes from the pollen of a flower. We think it was blown down from the mountains when the wind started. The doctor's run tests on Novakovich. He thinks he's going to be okay in a few hours. So if you can get [Cavern] As deep as you can into the caves, your symptoms should dissipate around the same times. You dealt with simulations very close to this in Starfleet training. You're familiar with mind-altering agents. We'll be down to get you as soon as the winds let up. Put your weapon down, Trip. That's an order. [Cavern] T'Pol? Have you been affected? Try to hold on. Archer out. (Tucker sits down.) [Sickbay] Get to the Bridge. I want a weather report. (Reed leaves) [Cavern] When's that? Go ahead. I thought you said he was going to be fine. What about the others? I've got four people down on the surface, Doctor. I need to know if they're going to be dead when we get there in the morning. [Cavern] (The stand-off between T'Pol and Tucker continues.) How are you doing? It's the Captain, Trip. Are you all right? Both of you listen to me very carefully. Novakovich may be dying. [Bridge] Turns out the pollen contains some kind of toxin our sensors hadn't detected. He's responding to medication, but his odds of recovery would be a hell of a lot better if we'd treated him sooner. The Doctor and Malcolm are synthesizing ampoules of inoprovalene. We're going to have to use the transporter to get it to you, but it's imperative that you inoculate yourselves as soon as possible. Do you understand what I'm saying? [Cavern] What's going on, Hoshi? Trip, listen to me. [Bridge] The pollen's affecting her too. Think about it. You've heard of people suffering from dementia who revert to their native language. [Cavern] She can't help it. Trip, how long have we known each other? Remember when your EV pack froze up on Titan during the Omega training mission? You got nitrogen narcosis. You started to try to take off your helmet. You remember what I'm talking about? [Cavern] I ordered you to keep your helmet on. [Bridge] You were delirious, thought you were going to die, but you obeyed that order because you trusted me. [Cavern] I'm asking you to trust me now. [Bridge] Take the injection, then we'll deal with these rock people. [Cavern] (Tucker sees two rock people stand up behind T'Pol.) Trip! All right. [Bridge] Forget the medicine. I think it's time I explain what's really going on, but just stand by for a minute. I need Malcolm to target your position. [Cavern] Then I'll give you your orders. [Bridge] Archer to Phlox. The sooner [Transporter alcove] The better. All right, Trip. This is a major breach of security, but I'm going to have to trust you. Starfleet sent us here to make contact with a silicon-based life form. T'Pol was the only person granted clearance [Cavern] To speak with them. Seems they've met Vulcans before. When a mission's classified top secret, I don't ask why. We never thought the storm would drive you into the caves. That's where these rock people live. They didn't want anybody in there except for T'Pol, so they're not too happy right now. I'm sure you can understand that. [Cavern] They've even threatened to destroy Enterprise. Now, T'Pol needs to explain to them why you're all there, but she's not going to have much credibility with you pointing a phase pistol at her. [Bridge] If they agree to listen to her, you'll need to lower your weapon. If they don't, I'm going to have Malcolm destroy the cavern. Sacrificing four more crewmen is a small price to pay to save Enterprise. Now, I'm going to ask Hoshi to tell T'Pol everything I just told you in Vulcan. [Cavern] You got a problem with that? Ensign. And act real friendly. (Tucker begins to lower the phase pistol, and looks around, then T'Pol fires at him and he falls. She goes to the mouth of the cave to collect the hyposprays and injects Tucker and Cutler. Travis resists)
Who are you? I don't understand. What? Who the hell are you? I'm the captain. (Archer sees the women.) ARCHER: What have you done to my crew? What do you want? Vault? I don't know what you're talking about. This is a vessel of exploration not a cargo ship. We don't do any commerce. Whatever it is you're after, you won't find it here. I just told you. Whoever you are, just take what you want and get off of my ship. Slave market? Wait. I'll show you where the vault is, if you let me keep half the gold. Gold bars. Hundreds of them. But I keep half. Forty. Thirty five and not a bar less. You'll never find the vault without my help. No deal. I'd rather you take the women and go. If you're going to make a habit out of this, you might want to get a bigger ship. Really. I was getting the impression you were in charge. How do you like it so far? What do you need all this for, anyway? You seem to already have plenty of technology. Rules of Acquisition? Back on my home world that kind of thinking almost destroyed our civilisation. We? [Corridor] (There are those handy ramps over all the bulkhead door edges.) So what do you do, split the profits equally between the four of you? You must get a bigger percentage than your crewmates. Oh, that doesn't seem fair. You're the one doing all the work. Really. I assume he charges you for his services. Another one of your rules? (coughing) Do you think you could bring me a glass of water? Oh, do you think you could bring me some food while you're at it? Whatever's left in the serving case. That is, if you haven't already taken everything. (Krem heads off and Trip dashes over to try and free him.) Never better. You? I'm not surprised. These aliens are taking everything they can get their hands on. (Tucker fails to undo the handcuffs.) I don't know yet. Can you get a phase pistol? There are fourteen weapons lockers on this ship. They can't have emptied every one of them. I've got an idea, but you're going to need some help to pull it off. They used a hypospray to wake me up. It's in Launch bay two. (Krem returns with a glass of water and half eaten sandwich.) Glad you're enjoying it. Do you mind? (Krem puts the glass and food into Archer's hands while he hunts for the handcuff keys.) [Launch bay] (Tucker finds the hypospray and injects T'Pol, then Hoshi.) She's a Vulcan. They're really not all that interesting once you get to know them. Trust me. She's got no sense of humor. She's always I'm surprised your friend didn't get electrocuted. You can't just yank out an antimatter injector like it was a light bulb. I'll have to take the injector assembly offline. Even if your cousin does find the vault, what makes you think he's going to share the gold with you? If you never see the vault, you'll never know what's in it. He could try to cheat you out of your share. What happened to 'Never allow family to stand in the way of profit'? I've seen the way the others treat you. One of them said you have no talent for business. Why not prove them wrong? I've got a proposition for you. Help me capture your associates and I'll show you where the vault is. We'll split the gold, fifty-fifty. Once they're in the Brig you can fly off a wealthy man. You said you've always dreamed of having your own ship. You're the one holding the gun. Think about it. No more taking orders, getting stuck with the menial work. I'll even throw in the Vulcan female. So, what'll it be? Opportunities like this don't come along every day. It's your loss. [Archer's quarters] What's next? (Krem points at something out Can't you make a simple decision by yourself? If you want to run your own ship someday, maybe you should start showing a little initiative. And you never will be, with that attitude. (Ulis, Muk and Grish enter with Tucker.) My Chief Engineer. Don't ask me. I haven't seen anybody. (to Krem) You? Trip. Not another word, Commander. That's an order. You take them anywhere near that vault, and I'll throw you in the Brig for insubordination. I'm warning you, Trip. What's your wife worth? Five bars of gold, maybe six? Let them take Hoshi, and I'll give you ten. All right, fifteen. (Tucker launches himself at Archer and they wrestle, sort of. Muk and Ulis pull them apart.) You sure told him. My back. I think I pulled a muscle. It's an old water-polo injury. Flares up every now and then. I just need to rest. Then you'd better get working. (Krem handcuffs him to a handrail and gets on with lugging boxes to the ship.) [Turbolift] Did it work? Do you have the key? I'll make it up to you. Five bars of gold? Open these things, Sub-Commander. That's an order. (Trip supervises Muk and Grish putting the torpedoes back in the Armoury where they belong.) [Alien cargo bay] (Archer releases Porthos from the box and gives him a big cuddle.) Yeah, Porthos. You okay? [Alien ship] I'm going to be contacting the Vulcan High Command as well as Starfleet. If you come within a light year of any one of our ships you won't know what hit you. If you want to be unshackled, you might think about showing Krem here a little more respect.
Not the Ambassador. (Shots from the fight, and then a shot of the airlock on the Romulan ship opening.) There's no reason our people can't become allies. Is there any way to interrupt this telepresence? Get started. Vulcans have telepathic powers. Can you identify the species? Come in. And? Could they have built a ship like the marauder? One of them does. We need to find out who's controlling that ship. (into comm.) Travis. Set a course for Andoria, maximum warp. [Sickbay] (The place is almost filled with strange equipment and thick rubber tubing.) We're going alone. That's why we're here. Energise. [Andoria] (Which is not the ringed planet, as that is in the sky. Shran and Archer materialise in a place of deep snow which has been cut into walls and doorways.)  Twenty eight below? Yeah. It's hard to believe anything can survive here. Careful, Shran. You don't have your balance back yet. I'm sure Phlox would love to get his hands on one. Shran, listen to me. We should find another way. Shran! You're losing a lot of blood. Hold still. (We see someone is watching as Archer tends Shran's wound.) Hold still. Bleeding's stopped, but if you move it could start again. Archer to Enterprise. Archer to Enterprise. It doesn't hurt to try. How far are we from the Aenar? (Shran spots the watcher.) Hello. We need your help. My friend's been hurt. You can read minds. I need to speak with someone in authority. I take it you know why we're here. It's a bit more complicated than that. Go ahead. Thank you. Shran. But you're sceptical. Do you have any idea who it could be? You think he was abducted? We're hoping it will disrupt the signal that's controlling the marauder. You said Gareb was abducted. If that's true, don't you want to help him? We're trying to stop violence. We should clear the dampening field soon. Warm. [Sickbay] (Tucker whispers to Phlox, supposedly out of earshot of T'Pol.) We've been here before. How? She's doing what she thinks is right. That's not true. Shouldn't she be allowed to follow her own conscience? LISSAN; She's not following her conscience. How do you know? Have you read her mind? I thought that was against your custom. Anything on long range sensors? What's our ETA? Tell Malcolm to finish his upgrades to the targeting scanners. If we run into that marauder again, I want to make sure every shot counts. Report? Whenever you're ready. Very good. Keep scanning. Try to find the marauder's warp signature. She's going to be okay, but Phlox says it's too dangerous to try again. Looks like we went all the way to Andoria for nothing. [Sickbay] Tactical Alert. Hail them. Target their engines. Anything? (Hoshi shakes her head.) Fire. (The freighter loses its holographic skin and reverts to its proper appearance - a Drone, which attacks.) ARCHER; Aim for their weapons. REED; They're too damned fast. I can't get a target lock. [Sickbay] T'Pol? Target them! Archer to Sickbay. What's going on? [Sickbay] PHLOX; Jhamel's going to make another attempt. [Bridge] Is she up to it? [Sickbay] Let's give them a hand. Photonic torpedoes, full spread. I want to thank you again. Goodbye. Same here. Come in. (Tucker enters.) I've been looking over your report. I think you're being a little hard on yourself. I spoke with Phlox. He doesn't think it had anything to do with Jhamel's seizure. We were all under a lot of pressure. If that were true, we probably wouldn't be standing here now. Where? You turned them down twice before. Why now? I need you here, Trip. What's this really about? I haven't heard one thing that explains this. That's it? I'm supposed to accept that? And if I refuse your transfer? It's your career, Trip. But as a friend, I'm asking you to stay. All right. Dismissed. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
 Previously, on Enterprise. T'POL [Conference According to some theories, everything that exists in our universe should also exist there. You're Vulcan. Never forget that. Commander! Release the docking clamps. What about weapons? Raise them. I'll alternate port and starboard thrusters. That should shake them loose. Firing aft thrusters. How much longer for weapons? Mister Tucker. What was that? It's now or never! Full thrusters. Does this thing have aft torpedoes? Bring them onboard. [Briefing room] We need warp drive. If we don't have warp capability in twelve hours, I'm going to find a new Chief Engineer. Keep them under close surveillance. Once warp drive is restored, we'll set a course to rendezvous with the assault fleet. There's no time! The Empire could lose this war in a matter weeks if we don't get the Defiant and its weapons to the front lines. Dismissed! Commander. (grabs T'Pol's arm) Not you. (The rest of the senior staff leave, and Archer takes Travis' weapon.) I should shoot you for betraying me. You swore your loyalty to me. Why are you telling me this? I never had a problem with your people until they became a part of this rebellion. If I had another officer capable of doing your job, I'd show you to the nearest airlock. I need you to get this ship up and running. But if I hear so much as a rumour that you're working behind my back Get out. [Captain's quarters]  I found it in the Captain's wardrobe. I can't find a mention of it anywhere. The Empire. As far as I can tell, it doesn't exist in the other universe. A lot of the names are the same, but their history has been rewritten. Instead of building an empire, Earth became part of an interspecies alliance. More like a Federation of Fools. Computer, access biographical file, Starfleet Officer Hoshi Sato. (reading) Hoshi Sato. Comm. Officer on Starfleet's first warp five ship. In her late thirties, she created the linguacode translation matrix. I can tell you who she married. It even says how you died. But this isn't you. There's nothing great about that man. He sold out Earth's future to a group of subhuman species. Great men are not peacemakers. Great men are conquerors. I already have a command of my own. [Jefferies tube] Something bit him? Can you find this thing on internal sensors? The slaves we captured, bring one of them to the Briefing Room. What attacked my crewman? I'll kill you now if you don't. Stand aside. (He draws his phaser.) From what I'm told, the maximum setting can actually disintegrate a person. I've been looking forward to trying it. Who's name? Where in the crawlways? What species? (not the real one, his subconscious) They're taking too long. When my ship was in jeopardy, I didn't let Security handle the situation. I took care of it myself. (the real one) I'd have better luck sending a squad of Tellarites to capture this thing. Put an assault team together. I'll lead it myself. Can you pinpoint its location? I want to talk to it. This is Captain Archer. Return our plasma regulators now. Give me what I want, and we'll talk. This is not a negotiation! The regulators, now! If you don't comply, I'll give the order Major, get the team together. Your best men. He has no intention of returning the regulators. If we give him a shuttle, he'll contact his people and come back here with a warship. Without warp drive, we'll be an easy target. [Turbolift] (his subconscious whispers in his ear) Defeat this Gorn and you'll finally earn the respect you deserve. [Access tube] I'll seal off the bulkhead here. That'll leave him with only one escape route. Flush him out, drive him into this junction. I'll be waiting for him. Go ahead. Meet us in Junction Three. Archer to T'Pol. Where is it? We're going to Plan B. Access the environmental controls on that deck. Wait for my signal. [Bridge] Archer to T'Pol. Section four A, on my mark. Now! [Bridge] Give me your weapon. (He fires at Slar six times, to make sure.) Defiant Starlog, January 18, 2155. We've recovered the missing engine components and I've ordered a course to rendezvous with the assault fleet. [Recreation room] (Complete with 3D chess set.) This is the Captain. All hands to battle stations. [ISS Avenger - Bridge] (Rebel ships are firing on an Empire ship. They are taking casualties.) Lock on their reactor. Fire when ready. Pursuit course. Fire when ready. (Four torpedoes dispose of the elegant curved ship.) No. Let them go. I want the other rebels to know what happened here. Get me Admiral Black. Sorry we're late for the party, Admiral. It's going to take some time to explain, sir. Perhaps you'd like to see the Defiant for yourself. [Briefing room] Glad you agree, sir. Respectfully, sir, you have the authority to grant a battlefield promotion. The Defiant. (his subconscious again) They're never going to give you this ship, you know that. They'll tear it apart, try to learn its secrets. If you're lucky, you'll end up commanding a moon shuttle. Don't you see what the Admiral's planning? He's going to present this ship to the Emperor himself. He'll take all the credit, and you'll end up a historical footnote. That's Captain. You're relieved, Admiral. (Travis takes out Black's bodyguard, and Archer phasers the Admiral out of existence.) [ISS Avenger - Shuttlebay] (The two crews are assembled for a speech from their new Captain.) Our entire assault fleet wiped out by a rebel attack. Thousands of your fellow Starfleet officers dead. If the Defiant hadn't arrived when it did, all of you would be among them. And who are we to blame for this? Not the brave men and women who gave their lives for the Empire. The criminals who are losing this war are sitting in their comfortable offices back at Starfleet Command. Their weakness invited our enemies to strike, and their corruption and arrogance have brought the Empire to the brink of defeat! I've been a soldier all my life, and I will not stand by and let these people destroy an empire that has endured for centuries! I ask you, all of you to join me. We cannot put down this rebellion so long as our forces are commanded by dishonourable men. Before we can defeat the rebels, we must defeat them. That ship out there is the key to our victory. With the Defiant on our side, there will be nothing to stop us. [Deleted scene] ARCHER With your help, I will return to Earth and restore the Empire to its former glory. Let us advance where the omens of the gods and the crimes of our enemies summon us! The die is now cast! Long live the Empire! (to Travis before leaving) Shoot the first one who stops applauding. [Soval's quarters] My senior officers don't think I can do this. T'Pol doesn't approve, either. I can see it in her eyes. Not just her. We'll get rid of all the non-Terrans. I'll transfer them off Defiant. The rebels have spies everywhere. I can't afford to have a single alien aboard my flagship. I've got nothing against Phlox. His people aren't rebels. It's not in their nature. He can stay. I think you, I think you've got the basics down. [Bridge] (T'Pol is copying files when Archer comes on deck.) Put me through to Fleet Admiral Gardner. Corporal. Escort Commander T'Pol to Transporter Room Two. Your service aboard this ship is no longer required. (Travis removes her dagger and phaser.) I take it you received my message. You've seen the specs on the Defiant. You know what its weapons can do. He's not available right now. I suggest you order your forces to stand down. Starfleet can't afford to lose any more ships. Who are you working with? I hope you're prepared to die. The Defiant will prevail. It's simply a matter of firepower. You're mistaking our universe for someone else's. (to a MACO) Take a team aboard Avenger. Confine every alien on that ship. You've been looking forward to that for a while, haven't you? (There's a jolt as Phlox removes the flow regulators.) Archer to the Bridge. Report! I need weapons! Raise them! [ISS Avenger - Bridge] Destroy them! [ISS Avenger - Bridge] Photon torpedoes. Lock on to their reactor. (And the ISS Avenger falls apart in a ball of flame.) [Captain's quarters] (Hoshi and Archer are in bed, again.) Before I forget, first thing tomorrow, I want you to erase the historical database. I don't want anyone else getting any ideas about this Federation of Planets. Exactly. They're loyal to the Emperor. They don't really care who it is. By the time the fleet arrives, the reign of Emperor Jonathan Archer will have already begun. (He pours drink into his mouth.) Once we put down the rebellion, I'll expand the Empire throughout, throughout (He falls off the bed.)
You're sure he wants me? What's this planet called again? How do they expect me to help settle a conflict they haven't been able to resolve in a hundred years? We'll get there as fast as we can. [Captain's mess] (Tucker watches his glass vibrating on the table.) I think we'll make it in one piece, Trip. I've been reading about Paan Mokar in the Vulcan database. It doesn't say a lot. Class D, not much bigger than Earth's moon, claimed by the Vulcans in 2097. If it was unclaimed at the time, why would there be a problem? They were setting up a military base? What happened to the Andorian colonists? Until now. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. In the three days it's taken us to reach Paan Mokar, the situation has grown considerably more tense. [Conference room] (Two Vulcan ships are astern of Enterprise in orbit.) Welcome aboard, Ambassador. T'Pol has been filling me in on the situation here, but I still have a lot of questions. I don't understand. I was told you asked for me. If that's how you feel, we'll gladly continue with our mission. Shran. You're asking for my help? I'll see what I can do. Obviously, I'm here at the request of the Andorians. Shran believes he can trust me. I don't intend to prove him wrong by going down there with a Vulcan officer in tow. If you insist I bring a Vulcan along, I'll take the one I know I can trust. [Sickbay] You wanted to see me, Doc? Bombard. What about T'Pol? Warm and friendly as ever. It's crucial to ours, too. Maybe we're not out here to just scan comets and meet new species. Maybe we're out here to prove that humanity is ready to join a much larger community. I intend to do that, whether the Vulcans like it or not. We've lost the navigational sensors, and the comm. Let's hope they're accurate. I glanced at it. It's twelve hundred pages long. I got all of it. V'Lar's treatise, the Revised Intersystem Agreement, the High Command briefing on the Border Incursions of 2112. I was up till two a.m. Are you trying to tell me something? That maybe I'm not prepared for this? Thanks, but I doubt I'm going to impress Shran by quoting Vulcan treaties. The first thing is to convince Shran that he can trust me. We're just going to have to play it by ear. [Colony] (It's still night, there's still weapons fire around, the place looks a mess.) Are you sure these are the coordinates? We're not armed. (More weapons are aimed at them from all angles.) I'm Captain Jonathan Archer. I'm here to see Commander Shran. I wasn't told to come alone. This is my Science Officer. She helped expose the Vulcan listening post at P'Jem. I thought Shran might enjoy seeing her again. (Bags are placed over their head and they are lead away.) [Shran's command post] (The bags are removed as they sit down.) I imagined my first diplomatic mission would involve sitting around a big table, toasting with champagne, signing things with lots of pens. They say the same thing about you. Prove them wrong. I hope I can help again, but the first thing I need is to see the hostages. The Vulcans want to know they're all right. Are you all right? You don't expect them to agree to all that. For the record, the Vulcan High Command doesn't like me very much, and, frankly, the feeling is mutual. If all you need is someone to deliver your list of demands, find somebody else. I've got other things to do. I'll see what I can do. That might be a little difficult. But not impossible. The thing is, he's going to want something in return. I'm talking about a gesture, something to show you're serious. I came down here to see about the hostages. Why don't you let them go? Release two of them, then. Keep the other one until after you've met with Soval. (piloting) You're being awfully quiet. You don't seem too happy with the way I handled things down there. Thank you. You got one of your men back. They want to talk to you, not kidnap you. And if you don't, these negotiations end before they begin. Both sides are responsible for what happens here. With all due respect, Ambassador, why did you agree to let me go down there if you won't listen to my advice? You claim the Andorians are inflexible. At least they're willing to sit down and talk. The ball's in your court now. They're expecting us. We'll be fine. I plan on being back long before then. I'll try to speed things up this time. [Shran's command post] (piloting) They'll send some soldiers to meet us. I'm afraid they'll want to blindfold you. It's just a security precaution. Of course. (The pod jolts.) ARCHER: T'Pol? Archer to Enterprise. For once we're in full agreement. If you don't mind, Ambassador. I'm going to bring us in on thrusters. The ground is going to do that for us. Brace yourselves. (The pod slides to a halt along an old street.) [Colony] (The three climb out of the pod.) Any idea where we are? I appreciate your help, Ambassador but we're looking for the Andorians. I gave my word to Shran. I intend to keep it. We don't know that. Sensors and communications are offline. There's weapons fire flying all over the place. We don't know what happened. This is a man who couldn't sleep because he thought he owed me something. I don't believe he asked me to come a dozen light years just so I could lead you into a trap. And right now it seems like the best thing to do is to get a cease-fire in place. The Andorians won't agree to that until they talk to you in person. I managed to keep us on course most of the way in. We can't be more than a kilometre from Shran's landing coordinates. (He starts walking, T'Pol follows and then Soval, reluctantly.) [Bridge] You've been here before. I don't suppose you'd care to help? I thought Vulcans had exceptional memories. If we keep moving this way, we should be (weapons fire) Down! They're not shooting at us. I don't recommend sticking your neck out right now. I'll take a look. Stay here. That's an order. No offence, but my ears are less likely to draw fire than yours. (He leaves.) No. They're pulling back. Let's keep moving. [Shuttlepod] Get down! Go. (Soval is hit in the shoulder. Archer and T'Pol Hold your fire! (They don't.) How is he? We've brought the Vulcan ambassador to meet with Commander Make sure they don't see me. You don't have to hit anything, just keep them occupied. Really occupied or I'm not going to get very far. (Soval and T'Pol lay down fire as Archer crawls and scuttles to cover behind the uppermost sniper, then climbs a convenient ladder.) Hey. (The sniper turns and gets knocked out for it.) [Bridge] (Three ships are heading for the planet.) Drop your weapon. I've never fired one of these before. (An T'Pol, cease fire! You fired on my shuttle. You're trying to kill Soval, undermine everything that Shran is trying to do here. Why? Do you want a war with the Vulcans? You can take that up with him. Let's go. (Archer trips on an iron ring set in the loose rubble of the ruin, and Tarah takes the opportunity to fight with him for the gun. He falls through a hole but still manages to hang on and beat her. Then Shran and two soldiers turn up) [Bridge] (Enterprise is in position between three Andorian ships and two Vulcan ones.) Are you all right? I suppose I shot the Ambassador to make my story more convincing. She's not the only one who risked their life. I said I'd bring Soval to meet you and we damn near got killed getting him here. I came because you asked me. Because you thought I could be trusted. Check Soval's wound. Check our shuttle. You'll find Andorian weapons signatures. Nice to hear your voice, Trip. T'Pol and I are fine. We're at the Andorian command post. Ambassador Soval's been injured, but Shran's medics are treating him. He's just being a good host. The Andorians are allowing the Vulcan ships to move in and pick up their people. Did you run into any problems up there? We had a pretty rough landing. We'll need a ride back to the ship. Acknowledged. Archer out. I believe someone once defined a compromise as a solution that neither side is happy with. Of course. I wouldn't go that far. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
That's the general idea. Well, for one thing, we've never been to these places. For another, remember that protostar we ran across last week? I'm not seeing it here. Come in. As a matter of fact, Mister Tucker and I were looking at these star charts. There's a planet a few light years off our current heading. Well the data indicates there's a remote outpost right here on the northern hemisphere. I take it this P'Jem is under Vulcan jurisdiction? That sounds interesting. How do you think they'd feel about a visit? It's not every day we get a chance to see an ancient Vulcan monastery. I'd say a stop-over's too good a chance to pass up. Unless you disagree? Good. Archer to helm. Prepare to lay in a course correction. T'Pol will give you the coordinates. I don't like dropping in on people unannounced. Oh, that's too bad. At least we got to see the place. Something wrong? But? You know, I think the oldest monastery I ever visited was in Ngari, Tibet, but it wasn't nearly as big as this place. What's all that mean, anyway? Does it mean I get good luck or something?  I guess you're right. Too bad we didn't bring a camera, huh, Commander? (Tucker joins him near blue-face's hiding place.) Friends of yours? Somehow I didn't think so. (As they are marched away.) It's where we're from. It's our homeworld. This planet was along our course. We only came to visit the sanctuary. We're not bringing them anything. She's my Science officer. I'll admit I have a Vulcan Science officer and that I came here out of curiosity. Now, if you don't mind my asking, what are you doing here? (Shran hits Archer.) Andorians? From what I'm told there isn't one. I don't know. Believe me, she wasn't my first choice. She was assigned to us by the Vulcan High Command. No. For the last time, we just came to see the temple. (communicator chirps) That's my ship, Enterprise. They're trying to contact me. (Tholos knocks him down, and Shran opens the communicator.) Wait! [Bridge] I've already told you the truth. [Large room] Whose idea was it to visit this place? These guys are serious. They're going to start killing you people if they don't find what they're looking for. I don't think they're buying that. Not this time. Loks like there are four of them. I saw some kind of scanning console. They talked a lot about searching rooms. They answered a hail from Enterprise. They threatened to kill us all if anyone attempts a rescue. I didn't recruit my tactical officer to sit on his butt when he's threatened. The Andorians smashed our communicators. The longer we're out of contact the more likely Malcolm will put together a landing party, warning or no warning. It's just a matter of time. So if anyone has a suggestion, I'm all ears. No offence. You said you had no technology. Where is this transmitter? (to T'Pol) You take it. Do the Andorians have a transporter? That gives us the element of surprise. We could bring an assault team right into the atrium. What about this room? By the time the Andorians detected the transport we'd be armed and ready. If you've got any better ideas? (He offers a share of the You're freezing. Come on. (She gets under the blanket with him.) I'd say our lives are already at risk. It seems like you're letting them walk all over you. They come in here, they smash your relics, they beat up your people, then you just sit back and wait for them to walk away? I admire your ethics, but right now a little violence might help. You know, I came here hoping to gain a little insight into the Vulcan mind. It looks like I'm getting it. You people think you're so I just want to know where we stand. What about this reliquary? (to Shran) I need to speak with you alone. I have some information for you. [Atrium] Well, for one thing, I needed some fresh air. You ever been stuck in a room full of Vulcans for twelve hours? I'll bet their robes haven't been washed since the time of Surak. Have you heard of him? Vulcan philosopher. He's the one who got everybody to start purging their emotions. I don't know about you, but I've learned really a lot since I got here. (The fourth Andorian punches him in the kidneys.) Well, that depends. What do you want to know? All right, information. Did you know that over seventy percent of the organisms on my homeworld are bacteria. And here's something I think you'll find interesting. There was a man in Canton, Ohio who once rolled a ball of string over six metres in diameter. There was a famous astronomer on Earth. (He drops a small statuette Please, please, I can't stand another minute with the Vulcans. Please. (Down in the catacombs, Tucker finds the dropped statuette in an alcove. [Large room] (Tucker emerges from secret passage and throws the statuette to Archer.) A light at the end of the tunnel. You know what to do, Commander. No, you don't have to tell me. Just try and stay out of the way and everything will work out fine. [Transporter alcove] Leave her alone. Where are the phase pistols? If he wakes up, stun him again. Let's go. We'll do our best not to look at anything. What would you suggest we do? You ever use one of those? I didn't think so. The Andorians have seen your sacred relics. A couple of humans won't make much of a difference. [Reliquary] (Well lit with large candles and wall tapers. The two sides exchange weapons fire until a stray shot partially brings down a tapestry and reveals a very modern circular vault door.) Hold your fire. You might want to take a look at this. (They all step into a huge hi-tech complex.) I don't believe this. (to T'Pol) Does that thing have imaging sensors? Take all the pictures you can. (The Vulcan puts a gun to Archer's head.) Very disrespectful. Boy, did it feel good. All this time they've been calling these monks liars, and all this time they've been right. Give it to him. Give it to him. (She hands the scanner to Shran.) ARCHER: You've got what you came for. Now get out of here. The Vulcans violated your treaty. Your people ought to know about it. (to T'Pol) You have a problem with that? (to Vulcan) Thanks for the tour. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
The Admiral thinks that they're humanoids enhanced with technology. He believes they abducted the research team. Earth tracking stations spotted the transport leaving orbit at warp three point nine. I think it's safe to assume these aliens reconfigured the engines using technology from their own ship. Not exactly, but their heading puts them within a half dozen light years of our current position. We've been ordered to find the ship. We'll start searching at these coordinates. Go to tactical alert. Lay in a course. Hard to believe anything could survive. Go ahead. How long to reach them? Set a course. (As they arrive on the scene, a nasty green weapon is being used to try and cut open the freighter.) Open a channel. This is Captain Archer of the Starfleet vessel Enterprise. Stand down your attack, or we'll open fire. Any human biosigns? Can you disable their weapons? Is there anyone alive on the Tarkalean ship? Hold our position. Get a shuttlepod ready. (to T'Pol) You have the Bridge. [Sickbay] (The patients have some pale and mottled patches, but are unconscious.) You said the human biosigns were erratic. Can you remove the nanoprobes? Come in. Any sign of the transport? There was something familiar about all this, but I couldn't put my finger on it until I find this speech Zefram Cochrane made eighty nine years ago. When I was a kid, I read everything I could about him. It took me a while, but I finally found it in the database. He was giving a commencement address at Princeton when he started to talk about what really happened during First Contact. He mentioned a group of cybernetic creatures from the future who tried to stop his first warp flight when he was living in Montana. He said they were defeated by a group of humans who were also from the future. No one took him seriously, and he recanted the whole thing a few years later. But you have to admit, there are similarities. If he was right, they might be heading back to their homeworld so they can try again. [Sickbay] (One of the Tarkaleans is starting to regain consciousness.) Doctor? Phlox. (Phlox sits up.) ARCHER: What happened? Seal off the maintenance shafts. Post teams at every access point. When you find them, put them in Decon. Maximum security. Stay here in case there are any more problems. Call the bridge if you need anything. I'll have it brought down. (The Tarkaleans quickly make their way through Jefferies tubes and maintenance walkways, looking for something in particular.) [Engineering] (Looking at a schematic of the Arctic transport.) Doesn't look like they've enhanced the aft plating yet. If we can punch through here, we should be able to knock out this EPS manifold, take down their main power. Go ahead. [Bridge] How far are they?  I need you to coax a little more power out of the engines. Travis, lay in a course, warp four point nine. Let's hope they didn't have time to upgrade their weapons. [Maintenance area] (The Tarkaleans are bust pulling off panels and using their injector tubes to modify things when Reed and his security guards turn up.)  Go ahead.  What's in that junction? Can you stop them? [Maintenance corridor] (Retreating rapidly.) Isn't there an outer hatch in that junction? Malcolm, get out of that section and seal it off. [Maintenance corridor]  Take us out of warp. [Jefferies tube] (The team heads down a ladder as Reed seals another hatch above them.)  Sub-Commander. (A hatch on the top of the port side of the saucer opens, and two bodies fly out.) Close the hatch and re-pressurise. Malcolm, I want you to work with Trip. [Jefferies tube] ARCHER  Resume course and speed.  Coffee with cream. (He looks in the plate display for something to eat.) This'll be fine. (Archer just takes his drink.) ARCHER: Is this seat taken? He thinks we can knock out the power systems without causing too much damage. That's the general idea. I want to take these people home, the humans and the Tarkaleans, no matter what state they're in. Are you saying we shouldn't go after that ship? Go ahead. On my way. I'm not ready to declare them a lost cause. [Sickbay] (Phlox is a lot more mottles, and his hand is shaking.) How are you feeling? Any progress finding a treatment? What is it? Aren't you jumping the gun a little? Increase speed. (Enterprise starts to shake.) Target that EPS manifold. (One phase cannon burst.) Block it! They set us up. This is Captain Trip, we could use weapons. [Maintenance area] Is the transporter still on line? Then you're with me. I'm counting on you to pull us out of there. [Sickbay] (Phlox is hearing voices, and is almost completely pale and mottled.) Put us as close as you can to their EPS manifold. (scanning the female) This was one of the researchers. (It was Rooney.) Look at these biosigns. They're not human anymore. (Three more come around the corner.) Same as the others.(In a corridor on Enterprise, three security guards meet and shoot two alien boarders, but the second two adapt their personal forcefields straight away, and are unaffected. The Starfleet men make a strategic withdrawal.) [Arctic transport] (Reed is attacked by an alien, and is being choked when Archer manages to pull one of its tubes out of it's headpiece. It writhes around on the floor, helpless. Around the corner they find the device they are looking for.) That's it. (Three aliens come out of their alcoves to defend it, but get shot. Reed sees the red dot of an alien eyepiece on Archer's back.)  They've adapted. Hurry, Malcolm! (Two more come.) ARCHER: Archer to Enterprise. Stand by transporter. [Bridge]  Now. (They are beamed out and the aliens start taking the explosives off the device. Reed activates the explosives from the transporter alcove, and there is a satisfying bang.) [Maintenance area] (Tucker takes out a control unit, and the green glow disappears.)  Report. There isn't anyone on that ship we can help anymore. Target their warp core. Hit them with everything we've got. (Five torpedoes and a phase cannon shot blast the transport into pieces.) Get me Admiral Forrest. Captain's Starlog, March 1, 2153. Repairs to the ship are underway, and we've resumed our previous heading at low warp. Doctor Phlox is confident he'll make a complete recovery. [Sickbay]  Aren't you supposed to be in bed? (Phlox is nice and pink again.) They say doctors make the worst patients. Do you think they were trying to communicate with you?  They told their homeworld how to find Earth. Somewhere deep in the Delta Quadrant. Sounds to me like we've only postponed the invasion until what, the twenty fourth century? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
The itching kept me up all night. I tried, but the smell is a little strong. A V'radian chemist we met at the deuterium station claims he knows a way to synthesis it. We're working on it, Doctor. Just dreams. I keep seeing myself back at that alien city. The chemist said his shop was on barge twelve. I'm afraid we'll have to save the souvenir hunting for another time. (An alien with very big pointed ears speaks to them.) Thank you. We're looking for barge twelve, a chemist named B'Rat Ud. That's not necessary. No, thank you. Can you direct us to the chemist? I have an appointment. We met at the deuterium station on Norellus. You said you could sell us the formula to synthesise trellium-D. I hope you didn't bring us all this way for nothing. A little pressed for time. We're on a diplomatic mission. Who? Commander Tucker has the list of supplies and equipment we'd be willing to barter. As a gesture of good faith, why don't you tell me where we can find this merchant, then you and Mister Tucker can work out the details. B'Rat Ud said you might be able to help us. We were told you've recently done business with some Xindi. We're not interested. I want to know where we can find these Xindi. Where were they heading? (communicator chirps) Archer. Understood. We'll meet you back at the shuttlepod.(The pair leave.) Thanks for your time. I don't think so. Looks like she doesn't want to go with you. Let's get out of here! How's our guest? I'm afraid I don't even know your name. Let's get something straight. We don't believe one person can own another person. You're free to go wherever you'd like. How far is your home world? Do you have any family? We have some data on this region of space. I'll see if I can locate Oran'taku. If it's possible, we'll take you there. (to Phlox) Set her up in quarters, get her whatever she needs. How are your accommodations? There are some restricted areas on Enterprise, otherwise feel free to look around. I seriously doubt it. Nearly all. You've met Doctor Phlox, he's from Denobula. My first officer's a Vulcan. We're trying to make contact with a species called Xindi. I don't suppose you know anything about them? We're hoping to resolve a disagreement. Archer. I'll be right there. Excuse me. [Engineering] How unstable? And we're supposed to insulate the entire ship with it? Get started. Is everything all right? Er, I'm not quite, er. Please. I meant to speak with you earlier. We have some good news. T'Pol was able to locate your home planet in a database we acquired. It's only two days away. You don't seem very pleased. You never know. You seem very memorable to me. That isn't necessary. Rajiin, you That really isn't something that I (She kisses him.) No. We'll be leaving orbit soon. Good night. [Trellium lab] (with phase pistol) Leaving so soon? (Two more security arrive,) We jammed your signal. Your friends can't hear you. Who are they? Take her to the Brig. [Sickbay] I want to talk to her. How long? Have Phlox take a look at your head. [Brig] I asked you a question. What did you do to T'Pol? (enters cell) Who are you? That's right. Kidnapped when you were a child, sold into a life of slavery, and it was just a coincidence that you happened to escape when I was at that market. The chemist knew I was looking for information about the Xindi. Is that why you showed up so conveniently? Care to be a little more specific? Who, the Xindi? How do you know I won't do the same? Tell me who you contacted. Who! Go ahead. Hull plating to full power, stand by weapons. The Reptilian species. They're the ones who sent you. I assume they're here for you. Forgive me if I don't take your word on that, but they murdered seven million people on my planet! Go ahead. Seal that airlock and post security teams. I'm on my way. About what? We know that. Go on. Where are they building the weapon? When will it be ready? (to guard) Get a security detail down here. No one's taking her anywhere. [Airlock] (The airlock disappears in an explosion, and there's a fire-fight between reptilian Xindi and MACOs.) They're heading for the Brig. Try to cut them off. (to a MACO) You're with me. (Reed's group meet an insectoid, who shoots Austin and leaves a grenade. The Reptilians make it to the Brig. Phase pistols have no effect on them. They fire a green globule onto a bulkhead which then fires lots of little things at the security guards, taking them out, then they free Rajiin. Archer and his MACO are in their way and get jumped. He sees her leaving before his attacker is taken out.) Archer to the Bridge. Don't let those ships get away. Lay in a pursuit course. [Bridge] I want a complete autopsy, Doctor, and have Malcolm take this weapon apart. I want to find out it's range, power output and how we can defend against it. Are you okay? Good, because I want an analysis of the scans we took of those Xindi ships, and find out what you can about that vortex they went through. I don't want them dropping in unannounced again. Dismissed. [Xindi Council Chamber]
Come here. (The little dog runs over to him.) What's the problem? (He picks up a book from the floor.) [Engineering] Bridge to Engineering. Report. Shut down the reactor. Trip, what's your status? [Engineering] Keep me posted. [Bridge] What's their heading? Hail them. What's our best speed? Set a course. (Enterprise tiptoes slowly toward the alien ship.) Biosigns? Any sign of what happened to them? Have you spent much time in gravity boots, Corporal? This is an alien ship we're boarding. We could run into magnetic variances. Watch your step. We're looking for anything that could tell us what happened to them. Set weapons to stun. Let's find the Bridge. [Alien Bridge] (McKenzie leads the way. There are more corpses floating around here.) (to Reed) Try to access that station. Download what you can. [Locker room]  We counted seventeen bodies. Most of them died when their life support ran out. The others were killed by particle weapons. What's our status? Archer to Mayweather. Resume our previous course, one quarter impulse. Those people have been dead for less than two days. Whoever attacked them could still be nearby. We'll have to make repairs on the move. Mister Reed recovered some data from their Bridge. See what you can make of it. [Engineering] How's it coming? What about tactical systems? Make them your priority. Weapons, Trip. As quickly as you can. (Archer leaves.) Distance? Can you give me hull plating? Hail them. Hold your fire. Are those warheads armed? (to Hawkins) Stun grenade. (Too late, the enemy beam out with Get down there and help Trip. Corporal. How are they? Understood. (Archer pulls back the curtain on a bed with a dead crewman on it.) What about him? (The alien that Trip knocked out.) You can observe him in the Brig. See to it. He's not from the Expanse?  How bad is it? How long will that last, a month?  This is all you've got? Any luck tracking their ship? For a people with no history of piracy, they've gotten pretty good at it. Keep looking. Such as what? Waiting for our antimatter to run dry? Keep looking. [Brig]  (to guard outside) Open it. (He goes in and talks to the prisoner through I have a dead crewman. No, one of your friends did. But I don't have one of your friends, I have you, so get up and look at me. (he does. His face is scarred and twisted) Thank you. You're going to help me find your ship, and after I've taken back what they stole from me, you and your colleagues are free to go. That's a risk you'll have to take, because the alternative is going to be a lot less pleasant. I need what was stolen from me. There's too much at stake to let my morality get in the way. You masked your ion trail. How? So you were forced into piracy. I'm prepared to do whatever it takes to find your ship, and if that ends up causing me remorse, then it's something I'm willing to live with. Think about it. [Command centre] Did they leave a record of the modifications? What's our tactical situation. Torpedoes? I'll be in the Armoury. [Mess hall] (Tucker is at a table pouring over four PADDs when Reed comes in to get a drink.) Any sign of a ship? T'Pol? Let's see it. (Hoshi puts a schematic on the viewscreen) Not yet. Why would there be such a large gap? Bring weapons online. Take us to where the first trail ends. Keep going. (Flashes, bangs, ripple effects, then the ship Ever seen anything like it? Take us in closer. Judging from those ion trails, the Osaarians spent over eight hours here. I want to find out why. Any luck scanning the interior? See if you can find something that looks like a way in. Take us into orbit. Put it up. (A pair of sliding doors come into view.) ARCHER: Can you tell what the door's made of? Can we fit through? Then get a pod ready. [Shuttlepod] (The pod launches with Travis, Reed, Archer and 3 MACOs, and comes to a halt just in front of the doors.) Did you find the locking mechanism? Hold our position. (He fires the phase cannon at it.) ARCHER: Try it now. (The doors slide open to reveal a lit interior.) Archer to Enterprise. We're heading in. Those modules have a breathable atmosphere. Do you see that docking port, Ensign? They've been busy. We've a lot of modules to search. Fan out, keep open comm. links. Archer. Travis? How's your Osaarian? Download what you can. Get it to Hoshi. Tell T'Pol we're going to need another search team. It's probably running through the reactor of that Osaarian ship. How's Trip doing? Have the away teams speed it up. I want to go to warp as soon as they're back. What else? Any idea what they were designed for? Take as many scans as you can. Go ahead. HOSHI [OC] Sir, could you come to the Situation Room? [Situation room]  Your ship attacked a Xindi vessel. I want to know everything you can tell me about them. (Orgoth is lying on the bunk.) You heard me. You're lying. Your manifest said you took their ship less than two weeks ago. Tell me what you know. Where are they now? (Orgoth looks at him and snorts Where did they come from? Which species of Xindi were they? What did they look like? Are you sure? We'll see about that. (Archer marches him out of cell.) As you were. [Corridor]  (passing a woman) Ensign. Shut up. (Archer opens an airlock.) ARCHER: Get in. (He pushes Orgoth in and closes This airlock has a decompression rate of point five atmospheres per minute. (Orgoth folds his arms so Archer goes to the control panel.) You'd better start talking now, because in about forty seconds you won't be able to. The Xindi. (Reed arrives with a security guard.) Everything's under control, Lieutenant. Not for another twenty seconds he won't. The Xindi. Your memory getting any better? (Orgoth nods) Say again? Take him back to the Brig. Eventually. When they attacked the Xindi ship they took more than fuel and supplies. They downloaded their database. How close would we have to get to tap into their main computer? He gave them to me. Here. I want that database. Go to Tactical Alert. Tell Trip we're going to need all the power he can spare for weapons and hull plating. We're going to wait for them to find us, Travis. [Bridge] Move us into position. (to Reed) Stand by. Have they detected us? Open a channel. This is Captain Archer. Remember us? You probably noticed that our weapons are back online. You're outgunned, so stand down. (Enterprise is hit by weapons fire) One kilometre, Travis. (to Hoshi) Get ready. Stay with them. (Both ships disappear into the field.) ARCHER: Hoshi? Travis! (The data display comes back.) How long do you need? Emergency bulkheads. Head back to the sphere. (Enterprise re-emerges.) ARCHER: Where are they? How much did you get? Take us closer to that portal. Let's see if we can lure them back in here. Use our forward phase cannon. Fire a single burst, Again. (Two phase cannons blow the entrance apart.) Stay within a kilometre. Return fire. Can you take out their engines? Ensign. Good enough. Mister Reed. (Two torpedoes hit the stern of the Osaarian ship, and it scrapes the side of the sphere as it tumbles.) Keep our weapons locked on them. [Brig]  Your codes worked. (to guard) Get him out of there. Escort him to the Launch bay. We're taking you back to the sphere.  Computer, load the Xindi database. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
All I can tell you is we're on the same side. One of these people told me they were building a conduit. And now, the conclusion. Twenty six. In a battle with a hostile species. On Earth, between human beings, war has been eliminated. But the galaxy's a big place, with thousands of species. Not all of them have the same values we have. I can send you anywhere in the world. To a place that isn't occupied by the Germans. (Alicia looks down on Earth.) I had a feeling. Two of my men are missing. They could be hiding out, they might've been taken prisoner. They could be dead. I know. We're going to stop them. That's one of the reasons we're here. But we're going to do it another way. Shuttlepods are damaged. The transporter is all we have. I'm going to have to break that promise. Who took his place? Hitler was able to concentrate on the West. Then they couldn't have been responsible for the changes that took place in 1916. Chicken or the egg. Go ahead. This is Captain Archer. [Nazi Weapons Facility] What do you want? Are they all right? [Nazi Weapons Facility] We can bring you aboard. [Nazi Weapons Facility] That's not what I'd consider neutral. A few hours ago, you tried to kill me. Where are my men? (Vosk signals for Tucker and Travis to be let out the back of the jeep.) (interrupting him) Are you all right? Get back to the ship. Trip. (into communicator) Beam them up. (The pair get taken up to safety.) How? Go on. We had a little help. I know that you're trapped here, and that you're trying to get back to the twenty ninth century. I also know you've made a deal with the Germans. They're giving you supplies, helping you build a time machine. If you carry out your mission, if you make it back to the twenty ninth century, you will ignite a war that will devastate the timeline. So do you. Who decides what improvements are needed? And what's that? History's been changed. The century I left will be completely different. How are they doing? He thinks we're considering it. What'd you see down there? Daniels sent us here to stop them from completing it. Problem is, it's protected by some kind of energy shield. (Archer is watching Trip carefully as he stands up. Phlox is by a comm. unit. Suddenly, Tucker attacks Archer and as they struggle, he wriggles like a Suliban to get away. In the corridor, 'Tucker is shot down by MACOs. It's really Silik.) [Alicia's apartment] (Alicia is seeing to Carmine's injured leg.) Where's my Engineer? Silik. This disk you were carrying. It contains schematics of Vosk's facility. This is what you came here for, isn't it?  I'll try answering them myself, then. Your benefactor wants to do more than just project his image into the past. He wants the technology to travel into the past. Somehow, he found out that Daniels was sending Enterprise here, so you were ordered to hitch a ride. Your mission was to break into Vosk's compound and steal this. Maybe that's why you came back aboard. Maybe you need Enterprise. I'm glad you're not disappointed. Of course not.  I think you left him somewhere inside Vosk's compound. And for your sake, he'd better be alive. (releasing him) And not at all for the better. [Nazi Weapons Facility] (Tucker wakes up in a small room with big pipes running down one corner. His hands are tied, and voices can be heard.) He's Suliban. He's aboard my ship. He's a stowaway. I can't allow that. [Nazi Weapons Facility] I reserve that right. [Nazi Weapons Facility] And I have phase-cannons aimed at your facility. [[Nazi Weapons Facility] The answer is no. (At a nod from Vosk, a swastika-ed gun comes out from a rooftop and starts firing. Enterprise shakes and an alarm sounds.) Return fire. Travis. [[Nazi Weapons Facility] Get to work on repairs. (to T'Pol) Keep looking over those schematics. Find a way to disable the shields protecting that compound. [Brig] I'm getting my crewman back. You're going to help me get inside the facility. Yes. We'll work around it. [Corridor to the Transporter alcove] (Archer and Silik are in casual clothes for the mission. T'Pol hands over a PADD.) When the shields are down, give us ten minutes, then destroy the facility. Do what you can. Move in close, and fire point-blank if you have to.  We've come a long way in a short time. Speaking of Vosk, seems to me that you both have a common enemy, Daniels. Why hadn't you decided to work together? He's found some partners here. Sounds like you and Vosk have some history. Then how is it that you're here? Are you saying you owe Daniels' people your lives? I'm looking for Alicia Travers. My name's Archer. They're building weapons there. Extremely powerful weapons. All right. We're in. We're making our way to the console. Understood. [Bridge] Not yet. It's second on my list, believe me. (They find a room full of drums, and a console.) I hadn't noticed. Sorry, only one to go around. (Archer returns some more fire, looks around and he's gone.) Silik. (The Suliban has got the drop on the soldiers and is disposing of them out with their own guns. He turns to Archer, smugly, then gets shot in the back several times by one last German. Archer takes him out.) [Nazi Weapons Facility] Archer to Enterprise. Archer to Enterprise. (Silik now looks Suliban again.) We'll get you out of here. Trip. (Tucker points a gun at him.) It's me. If you do, you'll probably regret it. Good to see you, Commander. As long as you don't pull that trigger. The building's about to blow up. This way. [Bridge] You got to pull your people out. In a few seconds, this entire area is going to be bombed. I can't argue with that. I'll try. Thank you. Photonic torpedoes. [Nazi Weapons Facility] (Finally, a temporal conduit is formed.) Malcolm. Take it out. (Three torpedoes rip into the building, turning it into a ball of flame.) [Nazi Weapons Facility] And you're here to give me a pat on the back. Well, I don't want it. I want you to leave me and my crew alone. We're done with you and your damn Temporal Cold War. I'll take your word for it. Just send us home. (Margaret Thatcher, someone using a laptop, the Clintons, Mandela, Blair and Bush.) Everyone all right? (Nods all round.) We're in the right place. Let's find out if we're in the right time. Hoshi? Do they look friendly?  Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Are we there yet? You'd be the first. I'll let you know in about three hours and seventeen minutes. [Captain's mess] I'm surprised you've never heard of it. It was called the Great Experiment. Could humans colonise deep space? They'd already build New Berlin on the Moon, Utopia Planetia on Mars, even a few asteroid colonies, but all within our solar system. When they found an Earth-like planet less than twenty light-years away, it was hard to resist. Nine years there, nine years back, but they made it. People have been trying to answer that question for a long time. No one's heard from Terra Nova in over seventy years. After the colony was built, relations with Earth became strained. The Space Agency figured nothing succeeds like success, so they decided to send another vessel. The colonists protested. They'd been there five years, this was their home. They didn't want another two hundred people arriving. The folks back on Earth argued that there weren't any other habitable planets within reach, but the colonists dug their heels in. There were a few angry messages sent back and forth, then one day nobody heard from them again. Nine years there, nine years back, it would have been a pretty long trip. Let's see it. (A blue and white planet appears on the viewscreen.) Put us in orbit over the colony. (Hoshi nods that she's opened a channel.) Terra Nova colony, this is Captain Jonathan Archer of the Starship Enterprise. We've come from Earth. Please respond. Any biosigns? From what? Let's take a look. (The viewscreen zooms in.) Closer. Let's hope the ghosts can give us some answers. How bad is the radiation. Trip, take the Bridge. Travis. (Reed goes too.) [Terra Nova Colony] (The shuttlepod lands, and two crescent moons hang in the sky. A bicycle is abandoned, the buildings are tubular framed.) Whatever happened, I've got to believe they tried to let Earth know about it. Good. See if the data buffer's intact. We might be able to access their last transmission logs. (to Reed) Walk the perimeter. See what you can find. If that's what killed them, where are the bodies? That would have been difficult. That's a bulkhead. They designed their ship to be disassembled. That's how they built the colony. It was a one-way trip. (Out in the brush, Reed's scanner beeps) We're on our way. [Cave entrance] (Reed haa chased the figure all the way to a cave entrance.) You get a look at him? Archer to Mayweather. Get back to the shuttle and grab a pair of flashlights. Make it quick. After you. (Further on they find a storeroom with a collection of dead armadillos, metal cooking pots, knives. Reed spots small faces watching them from above.) My name is Archer. We're looking for some people. I was hoping you could help us. (puts down knife) We're not going to hurt you. We're just trying to find out what happened to them. (A man rushes in with a weapon, they stun him and the small faces vanish. A second man come in and fires a percussion weapon. Archer and Reed run, but the Captain is We're under attack, and I think we just took a wrong turn. We could use a little help navigating down here. [Cave entrance] I don't see a tunnel. [Cave entrance] Malcolm? (He looks back through the opening. There's just a flashlight on the ground, then shots drive him back.) Malcolm? [Cave entrance] (A man comes flying out and jumps Travis. T'Pol stuns him. Then Archer comes out to gunfire accompaniment.) Go. (The three leave quickly.) [Shuttlecraft] Take us up. Archer to the Bridge. What have you found? The only one I'm interested in right now is Lieutenant Reed. We've got to get him out of there. [Situation room] Have you found him? Have Doctor Phlox join us in the Situation room. If these are the descendants of the original colonists, they've never seen other humans before. Maybe we look as strange to them as they did to us. [Situation room] Have you figured out what caused it? They also hunt some kind of burrowing animal. Where's Malcolm? I don't want to risk any more casualties. Despite how they look, they're still human. We've got to find some way to talk to them. If I can't make first contact with other humans I don't have any business being out here. Malcolm was shot. Grab your medical kit and meet me at the launch bay. (to T'Pol) Try to find out what irradiated the surface. You and Hoshi get to work on that data buffer. I want to know if they tried to send any messages to Earth. [Planet surface] Hard not to hear a shuttlepod landing on your roof. (He stops walking.) I'm unarmed. I just want to talk. (Both raise their arms.) I'm concerned about my officer. I'd like to see him. (Two men appear with weapons and lead them away.) [Cavern] (They are taken to where Reed is being held prisoner.) How's the leg? That's right. It's called Enterprise. No. We're here to find out what happened to the colony. We came to help you. I told you, we're not here to hurt anybody. All right, but he won't be able to get through these tunnels on one leg. My doctor needs to treat him. (Phlox gets his medical case back and starts scanning Reed's leg.) What makes you think we're here to hurt you? Why do you think that? I don't understand. To the underside. I think I know what you're talking about. The poison rain, it was some kind of radiation. I don't know what caused it but I'm sure it wasn't humans. I know this'll be hard for you to accept, but you're the descendants of human beings. Your ancestors colonised this planet over seventy years ago. They came from Earth, just like I did. I don't know what happened, but maybe we could work together and find out. If that's your way of calling me a liar, give me a chance to prove what I'm saying. My sky ship has tools that can help us find out what happened here. Doctor Phlox can make her well, but she'd have to come back to our ship. She'd be back before the sun rises on the overside. Let us help you. He needs to be treated as well. Probably best if you lead the way. [Shuttlepod] (The old woman is fascinated as they approach Enterprise to dock. Archer is at the controls.) That's Enterprise. It's a lot like the ship that brought the colonists to this planet. It was called the Conestoga. Maybe you were born on board, or were you born after your parents got here? It's all right. (It opens. She comes out and sits up immediately.) Medicine. He's just going to give her some medicine. I've got some other pictures you might like to see. One of my crewmen found these in our database. (Archer calls up the expedition files Travis was looking at.) They might help you remember what it was like living on the overside before the poison rain. I'm just trying to help you see how you got here. Well look again. Because whether you want to believe it or not, we're both human. Doctor, keep me posted. Captain's starlog, supplemental. Sub-Commander T'Pol has discovered the remnants of an impact crater that could explain the radiation. [Situation room] How far away is it? Comet or an asteroid? The poison rain. Come in. So, for some reason, the young kids survive and begin living underground. Their last memories of their parents are hearing them blame humans for destroying the colony. The idea that humans are the enemy has been embedded in them for more than two generations. This isn't going to be easy. Go ahead. Is everything all right? Nice work. Would bringing them to the surface help? How's she doing? Bring them to the Situation room. [Situation room] It's not safe for you anymore. When the asteroid hit, the fallout contained certain poisons. Humans under the age of four or five can usually build up an immunity to them. That's why they survived. I went through about two to three hundred photographs before I found this. (A family group, with a small child.) Look familiar, Nadet? And what about the people? What were humans doing in your colony before it was destroyed? I think I can help answer that. (He zooms in on it.) You're sure none of these people look familiar? From the data we retrieved on this photograph, we're pretty sure this woman's name was Vera Fuller. Ring a bell? Look closely. (Archer zooms in on the girl on the woman's lap.) Vera Fuller. What do you remember? Vera had a daughter named Bernadette. She'd be about seventy five now in Earth years. Is her treatment finished? Fine. As soon as you're done, bring them to the Launch bay. Sub-Commander. (They leave the group.) [Ready room] There are fifty eight human beings in those tunnels and they're all going to die if we don't get them out of it, and what do they think? They think we're a bunch of hostile aliens trying to take their colony over. What? And then what, put them in chains? What the hell do you think this is, a slave shi? We can't relocate them by force. We have to convince them that returning to Earth is the right thing. We can't take them by force. What are you talking about? You're damn straight. They're human beings. It's their birthright. It might take a little while, but they'll adapt. It's a hell of a lot better than dying down in those tunnels. Archer to Tucker. Get up here on the double and bring your maps with you. [Situation room] Southern hemisphere? Go ahead, Doc. I'll be there in a couple of minutes. There's got to be similar underground topography on one of these southern continents. Caves, caverns. Find them. Put that on a PADD for me. And it wouldn't hurt if they were crawling with those, what do they call them, diggers. [Shuttlepod] Your planet has three large islands to the south. We call them continents. The climate is nearly identical to your overside. We don't know how similar the underside is, but my people are working on that now. The important thing is, the poison rain never fell there. You'd be safe. Your children would be safe. You could even spend time on the overside if you wanted to. Was that photograph of Vera Fuller and her daughter shale? Do you really believe we created it to trick you? You're human. So am I. Humans help each other. Would you at least talk to your people, tell them what I proposed? (the shuttlepod lands at the original colony site. There's a sudden jolt) Fire them up again. (But the pod falls through the ground into a crevice.) We're okay, but getting out of here is going to be tricky. Can you give us the coordinates (The pod moves again.) I think we're done dropping. How far have we gone? [Bridge] Hold on. Trip, if I open the port hatch, what am I going to find? You're going to have to build a rig to get this pod back on the surface. What are you talking about? Stay here with the shuttle. Keep your comm. open. (Travis throws him a torch.) Hold on a second. Do you hear that? I'll do what I can, but I doubt I can make it down there. I need you to give me my phase pistol. My gun. So I can free this man. It's your turn to trust me. (Jamin hands it over and Archer uses it to cut the log in half.) Give me a hand. Ready. (They lift, and Akary wriggles free.) [Cavern] (They carry Akary into the cave where Reed is being held.) How are you holding up? Tell you what, Travis. Why don't you put together the report for Starfleet. If I'm not mistaken, it'll be headline news back home.
We appreciate your hospitality, but a minimal number of crewmembers need to stay on board. It's tempting, but we need to keep some dilithium to run our engines. (in casual clothes) If anything happens, you know where to reach me. Well, it's the problems you don't anticipate. This doesn't feel right. I shouldn't be going down to some pleasure planet while half the crew has to stay onboard. All the same the crew should come first. Wouldn't miss it. I'm on vacation. (Rostov takes his bag.) Thanks. Everyone have big plans? Travis? (Wearing a bright checked shirt and huge grin.) Just watch yourself. Malcolm. (In a plain burgundy shirt.) You watch yourselves, too. I've never been much for vacations, but I've got a little villa overlooking the ocean, and Porthos and I are going to relax. [Sickbay] What do you think, Porthos? Not bad. (He finds a note and a package on a table. The note says 'to help you relax - T'Pol. The package is a book, the Teachings of Surak, English translation. He goes onto the balcony overlooking an azure blue bay, and other villa balconies down the cliff face. A Hairless Chinese Crested dog is yipping.) [Keyla's balcony] How'd you get up here? Stop it, you two. Porthos. (doorbell chimes) Come in! (Archer picks up Porthos and goes to open the door.) Please. Porthos. No harm done. She probably just came over to make a friend. I'm Jonathan. So, is this your first time to Risa? First time. My science officer felt I needed to relax so I decided to do some reading, let Porthos run on the beach. She'd be the first to agree with you. I was about to go out for dinner. Can you recommend a restaurant? Sounds great. If you don't have other plans, maybe we could wade out to that little boat together. No. Just a thought. I look forward to it. Just looking at the stars. Never. Come on up. (He's looking through a triangular telescope when she comes in.) I wanted to thank you. The little boat with the seafood? Best I've ever had. No problem. I had a nice chat with a couple from Vega Reticuli. It turns out it's their three hundredth wedding anniversary. You can't imagine. There it is. (He gestures to her to look through the telescope.) See the bright blue star at the top? No, look just below. The yellow one. Do you see it? It's about ninety light years from here. Actually, this is the farthest any of my people have ever gone. Archer Elementary. It has a nice ring to it. Can you show me where you're from? Oh, I'm sure it's not that bad. Well, I can see how that could happen. I mean, it's at least a hundred metres from here. You've just got to notice the subtle differences. Now you're catching on. Give me a couple hours I could have you navigating a starship. Good morning. Come in. Sounds great. I just ordered breakfast. Would you like to join me? Juice? It's a gift from my science officer. Her people think humans are too controlled by their emotions. Seems like you know a lot about me. Where I'm from, what books I read. I don't even know your dog's name. Everything else. What's your planet called? What do you do? Do you have a family? How could you spoil it? I'm sorry. Suliban? Yes. [Phlox's quarters] This was waiting for me when I checked in, compliments of the management. I don't know anything about Risan vintages, but what do you say we throw caution to the wind and give it a try? How's your ankle? You'd think that guide would have warned us. I don't know. That thing was pretty well camouflaged. To Risan sea turtles. Is something wrong? Was there more than one? We've seen them a number of times, but we've been lucky. No one was badly hurt. Is that right? Who told you that? I wish I could tell you, but I don't know. Hopefully, neither of us will ever run into them again. I realise that they murdered your family, and I'm very sorry for that, but I'm not sure what you want me to tell you. If this wine is too sweet, I think there's another bottle here. It might be different. All right. I don't know much, but I'll tell you what I can. I could use some fresh air. Why don't we take a walk on the beach? It's kind of chilly. You might want to go get a sweater or something. Archer to Enterprise. I'm transmitting a bioscan to you. Run it through the computer. I think you'll find a match. [Sickbay] Quickly, please. Not quite. (Keyla comes in.) Your surgeons did a nice job. All the Tandarans I met had a very distinctive feature, right here. (He points to the bridge of his nose.) I took a bioscan. They may be able to change your face but not your DNA. Did Colonel Grat send you? I suppose it's possible you don't know him. He ran the detention camp I was sent to. It was filled with innocent Suliban. Grat asked me the same questions you've been asking, except he was a little more aggressive. On the other hand, he didn't try to win my sympathy with fictitious tragedies. If it wasn't Grat, then who was it? Who sent you here? Who was it? (He takes hold of her arm. She scratches his hand and he starts to pass out.) I'm guessing you two had an interesting couple of days. Went out like a light.
Syrran did something to me before he died. How far to the capital? We have a more important mission. We've to get this to the capital. It's too dangerous. We're staying together. It might be the only thing that can stop the war. Between Vulcan and Andoria. V'Las was just stalling for time. He's been preparing a large-scale attack ever since. Where do you think? Some of Syrran's memories must have been transferred in the meld. You think I've lost my mind? I was chosen for this. If I were in your shoes, I'd be just as sceptical. I'm not possessed, and I'm not delusional. There are forces at work on your world right now, trying to undo everything Surak taught your people. If we fail, Vulcan will be consumed by them. That's why have to get this thing to the capital. And I'm going to need all three of us to try and find Just this. (She throws it towards the gallicite, and it gets zapped by multiple electrical discharges.) Thanks for the warning. [High Command] Thanks, but I'll be fine. If you need a break, T'Pol, you should say so. Not in a couple of hours. Of all the people who could've carried this katra. Ever since the meld, I've felt more centred. It's hard to explain. My whole life, I've never really understood Vulcans. Why they work so hard to suppress their emotions. Now it all seems to make sense. Next thing you know, I'll be taking up meditation. After we get back, maybe you'll want to take a closer look at the Syrrannites' philosophy. It was important to your mother. There might be something to it. I would've thought you'd be more sympathetic to their cause. You never seemed too happy with the status quo around here. You signed up with Starfleet. A lot of Vulcans I've met consider us a radical faction. As a scientist, I just thought you might want to keep an open mind. I'm not leaving her. (But a second Vulcan disarms him so T'Pau pushes him down a rock tunnel or lava tube and then dives after him.) [Cave] What the hell were you doing? To find my science officer. And I don't want to hear any lectures about the needs of the many. I get enough of that crap from, from T'Pol. I'm going to find her. [Sickbay] My First Officer, where is she? What have you done with her? I'm still not clear how the Kir'Shara's gonna stop a war. I don't suppose they'll let us just walk into the High Command. I know someone who might have them. [Bridge] (The Vulcan cruisers have just dropped out of warp.) We need to have a talk. T'Pau didn't bomb our embassy. You did. Evidence your people gave us. The bombing was an excuse to round up the Syrrannites, make certain they'd never find this. (He places the elegant pyramid on the table.) Trip, is everything all right? There've been a few changes here. Get back to Vulcan as soon as you can. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Administrator V'Las has been relieved of his position. His role in the embassy bombing is being investigated. For the moment, the conflict between Vulcan and Andoria appears to have been averted. [T'Pol's quarters] Like a giant weight's been lifted. We're ready. [Vulcan] (Somewhere amongst the ubiquitous rocks, a clandestine meeting is taking place.)
Hoshi. Jonathan Archer. This is Lieutenant Reed. Do you remember what he said? You think this is related? Check with Starfleet Operations. See if their satellites picked up any transporter activity this evening. [Colombia Engineering] (Tucker has a pile of PADDs, and a group of attentive assistant Engineers.) Come in. (T'Pol enters.) ARCHER: We've heard nothing from the kidnappers. Not even a ransom demand. Hoshi thought she overheard one of the kidnappers say something in another language, but she was semi-conscious at the time. Maybe you could help her remember. I know it's dangerous, but I can walk you through it. I had Surak's katra in my head for four days. I picked up a few tricks. [Armoury] T'Pol, try to relax your emotional suppression just a little. This trajectory won't take them anywhere near Proxima Colony. Ensign. Put Admiral Gardner through to my Ready room. Shore leaves are cancelled. Get everyone back on board. [North Maple] (Reed meets Harris as a slight mist drifts in.) How long to intercept? Archer to Engineering. Commander Kelby, respond. [Engineering] We could use a little more speed. Commander Tucker's pushed them higher than that before. Bridge to T'Pol. We're approaching the coordinates. Is one of them Denobulan? Can you tell who did this? (Reed's console says weapons signature confirmed, and Hadron count 147, but he switches it off.) Scan for their data recorder. It might tell us something. [Laboratory] Target their weapons. (In a corridor, a crewman gets shot then four aliens head up a Jefferies tube.) Seal it off. Get the MACOs down there. [Corridor] Disable that ship. I don't want them getting away. [Corridor] (They finish what they came to do.) Pursuit course. Wake him up. (A female medic does so.) Why did you attack us? That sounds like What is it? Any theories? Give our new Chief Engineer a hand. Tell him to dig a little deeper, see if these Klingons damaged any other systems. (Travis leaves.) The Rigelian freighter. Did you get anything out of the black box? Work with Hoshi. See if you can reconstruct any data. [Laboratory] Malcolm said there might've been a safeguard. You're sure. Only someone with security clearance of alpha-four or higher had access to the black box. That's just T'Pol, you and me. You're sure that freighter was destroyed by Orion weapons? I asked T'Pol to double-check your analysis. The freighter was fired on by Klingon disruptors. I've seen the sensor logs. I want to know what the hell is going on. (silence) Answer me, Lieutenant. (into his ear) Malcolm, I never would've believed that you, of all people. (He goes to the door, opens it to reveal a MACO waiting) Corporal. Lieutenant Reed's been relieved of duty. Escort him to the brig and confine him. [Brig] We've set course for Klingon territory. We haven't picked up any warp signatures yet. I may have to take this ship into their space. I don't have to tell you how dangerous that is. If you know where they've taken Phlox. Your word isn't worth a lot at the moment. (Archer opens the door and goes into the cell.) The Malcolm Reed I know would give his life before committing treason. Who, then? You've betrayed everything that uniform stands for. What the hell does that mean? You haven't said much of anything. You've told me a lot about your father, his years in the Royal Navy. Their tradition of honour and service. How do you think he'll react when he learns you're facing court-martial? Did the Klingons damage them? Can we drop to impulse? Go to maximum warp. (to T'Pol) Get down to Engineering. See what you can do. [Brig] You sabotaged us. How do we repair the damage? If our reactor breaches, you're going to die with us. Go ahead. (into communicator) Can you remove it? (getting into turbolift) Do what you can. [Turbolift] Take us to warp five point two. [Bridge] We're out of options, Travis. Five point two.
I'm sorry to keep you from your family, but I'm going to need you on the investigation full-time. Your mother and husband will understand? (They arrive at the airlock and Archer works the console.) Administrator. I wasn't told to expect the head of the High Command. Twelve Vulcans died in the blast, Ambassador. Andorians? Why would they attack our embassy? So far, we've done our best to remain neutral, and the Andorians know that. They have nothing to gain by attacking us. I've never heard of that species. Surak I've heard of. He's the father of Vulcan logic. So why would these Syrrannites want to attack our embassy? It's hardly an act of logic. Is there any evidence connecting Syrrannites to the bombing? I intend to. [United Earth Embassy] Since you had her DNA on record, does that mean she's been arrested before? Do you know anything about her? All right. We've got a solid start. Now we need to find her. Of course. Vulcan sovereignty. Lieutenant Reed and Commander T'Pol will work with you. Chief Investigator. Forty three people died in the bombing. Twelve Vulcans and thirty one humans. We want her as much as you do. If you're lost, Ambassador, I can direct you to your shuttle. He always put the mission first. We have to make that possible, despite the High Command. We have DNA evidence. A Syrrannite? And she never told you? Like T'Pau. Looks old. Eighteen hundred years ago? And you think your mother is somewhere along that path? She didn't want Koss to know about the map. With any luck, we can use this to find your mother, and T'Pau. [Corridor] (in casual clothes) It's a Vulcan desert. I expect it'll be hot. I'll be careful. You've got Enterprise. You and Malcolm keep the investigation going up here, and whatever the Vulcans tell you, believe the opposite. (They arrive at the transporter alcove.) Present company excepted. Ambassador. It already has. Energise. (T'Pol and Archer beam down to Vulcan.) [Vulcan] (The sand glares white and the rocks are pink beneath the orange sky.) You keep saying supposedly. You don't believe Surak did the things they said he did? There must be some record of it. Let me guess. With the originals lost, whatever's left is open to interpretation. I find it familiar. We should get moving. [The Forge - night] (Archer gazes at lights in the sky.) I thought technology didn't work here. No wonder the Syrrannites like it here. What the hell was that? How long before it starts to lose interest in us? You had one of those? How slightly? Porthos doesn't try and eat me when I'm late with his dinner. I can believe that. [Sickbay] Sounds like that Klingon opera Hoshi made us listen to. (There's another sound, and the sehlat leaves. A voice calls up to them.) That's quite a trick. Jonathan Archer. May we ask your name? We could ask you the same thing. I'm on a pilgrimage to study Surak and logic. T'Pol is my teacher. If it's all the same, I'll walk with you, too. I'll stick to the sand-covered parts wherever I can. (He offers his water bottle.) You'd better protect your eyes from the glare. Ever since I met T'Pol. I'm new at this. You tell me. I'm familiar with Newton's First Law of Motion. I imagine they're pretty much the same. Have you? I've dealt with the High Command. Vulcans can lie and cheat with the best of them. That only leaves one option. We have to tell him what he wants to know, the truth. Is that going to be a problem? You seem to know a lot about us. I'm guessing that means you know why we're here. How long do these sand-fire storms usually last? Maybe we should be. They seem to think that it is. That you and your leader believe in a corrupted version of Surak's teachings. What's a katra? Syrrannite's conduct mind-melding? I've been told Vulcans have never been explorers. T'Pol! (He tends to her.) Easy, easy, easy. Arev. Carry what? (Arev puts his hand on Archer's face.) Arev. (sees his body) I'm fine. He said something in Vulcan. Vokau. I think he punched me. The storm's over? He said we weren't far from the T'Kareth Sanctuary. We should keep moving. They're following a grid search pattern. No sensors, but they can still make visual contact. We have to find cover before the sun comes up. That way. That's where the Syrrannites are. (refusing water) I'm good for a few more days. Right. (He drinks.) No. Over here. (A rock face.) Don't resist.
Put him through. Admiral. Good to see you. We're getting ready to deploy the first subspace amplifier. Should clear up reception a bit. Something tells me you didn't call at four in the morning to talk about comets. Sir? What's the problem? We're on our way. I think our day's going to start a little early. (Porthos wags his tail.) [Situation room] Ensign? Any other ships in the region. Open a channel. Fortunate, this is Captain Jonathan Archer of the Starship Enterprise. Fortunate, please respond. Have Doctor Phlox meet us in the Launch bay. [Shuttlepod] Easy does it. There's a lot of debris out here. Permission to come aboard. Jonathan Archer, Captain of the Enterprise. Sorry we couldn't meet under better circumstances. What happened here? Nausicaans? I've got repair teams standing by. What can we do? Where's your Captain? We've come an awfully long way. It would be a shame to turn around without lending a hand. [Fortunate Infirmary] Since we have to stick around, we might as well help you get your ship up and running. I understand you're used to doing things on your own, but we're here. Use us. We might be able to upgrade your hull plating, your weapons. Couldn't hurt the next time you run into these Nausicaans. The sooner you're back at warp, the sooner that cargo you're hauling gets to where it's supposed to go. [Cargo module four] Go ahead. Acknowledged. Those engine parts Mister Tucker gave you working out okay? Good. Doctor Phlox tells me Captain Keene's condition is improving. Anything else we can do? There's one other question I'd like to ask you. Are there only humans on board your ship? T'Pol's scanner picked up a Nausicaan biosign. You know that's not what we're saying. Why don't you tell us what's going on over there. What gives you the right to take prisoners? I want to see him. What do you plan to do with him? You're right, but there is one thing I do have jurisdiction over. Archer to Tucker. I want you to remove all the spare parts and equipment you installed on the Fortunate. You heard me, Trip. Watch me. [Cargo Module 8] Where? Don't do this. (Reed fires the first shot, but misses Ryan.) Ryan! You're making a big mistake. (to Reed, sotto) Go. (Reed fires before they both move to try and flank the pair. Ryan fires at the bulkhead above T'Pol before leaving the module and sealing the door.) Ryan! (There's a jolt.) We're fine. I don't want the Fortunate leaving. [Bridge] Trip, report. How're you doing, Trip? Follow them. Belay that, Trip. Send a shuttlepod over here to pick us up. We've sprung a leak. How long till they're back online? Come in. I think I can squeeze you in. (Archer gestures for him to sit.) ARCHER: What's on your mind, Travis? Any time. Go on. You served on one of those freighters. I want to hear your opinion. So you think we should just let Ryan take on the Nausicaans? So what happens to the Nausicaans? Suppose Ryan finds the ship that attacked him. Maybe it's been damaged and the Fortunate is more than a match for them. What do you think Ryan'll do? I don't know about you, Travis, but that doesn't sit right with me. Human beings have a code of behaviour that applies whether they're Starfleet officers or space boomers, and it isn't driven by revenge. Just because someone isn't born on Earth doesn't make him any less human. Any other orders of mine you'd like to question? Who's doing the shooting? Lay in a course. Polarise the hull plating. Drop us out of warp. Are we in range? Put it up. (Two small ships circling the Fortunate.) Hail the Nausicaans. Lets see who answers. [Cargo Module 4] (The men are holed up with their prisoner as the Nausicaans try to cut through the door.) There's a lot of firing going on for a rescue. Perhaps we have an opportunity here to improve relations between your people and mine. I have a proposal for you. We'll get your man back and then you'll let the Fortunate continue on her way. We've scanned your ships. Mister Reed. You're not sneaking up on an old freighter this time. This is an NX Class Starship. Take a good look, because you'll be seeing more of them. Now, you can reconsider my offer or you can take your chances. Enterprise to Ryan. This is Jonathan Archer. We're ten thousand metres off your starboard bow. I know you can hear me. Why don't you think about what's best for your crew and let us help you? I've spoken [Bridge] To the Nausicaan Captain. He's willing to let the Fortunate go if you turn over his crewman. [Cargo Module 4] I've got an armoury of torpedoes that will make sure they do. You've got a chance to stop this before anyone else gets hurt. This has gone on long enough. Now you're putting my crew in danger. Release that hostage. [Cargo Module 4] Return fire. Starboard tubes three and four. Port tubes one and two, fire. Need a hand? (Keene eases himself off the bed.) I'm on duty. If you think he's going to be a problem, we could take him back to Earth. Understood. His intentions were good, but someone should teach him to accept help when it's offered. They're going to be seeing a lot more ships than they're used to. Maybe that's not so bad. At warp three, help's a lot closer than before. You won't have to go it alone. I think you've already done that. Good luck. Thanks, but my crew's anxious to get underway. Next time. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Why didn't sensors pick it up before now? A trans-dimensional disturbance. How long would it take to go around it? How quickly can we get across it? Can you keep us under that long? How's the rest of the crew doing? Doctor. I'm sure it is, but I I know, Doctor. As Captain of the ship I'm the one who's responsible for everyone aboard. There aren't many people I'd willingly turn that responsibility over to. You're one of them. I just wanted to say that before you put me under. (Archer lies down on his bed, and Phlox does the deed.) Where've you been? I was calling you. T'Pol woke me. She said something was wrong. She said you've been seeing things. Something about Xindi on board the ship. I'm more concerned about you. I obviously expected too much from you. Why don't you go to your quarters. Lie down. I'll take over. You did the best you could. Doctor. Are we through the disturbance? Any problems? Hey. (fondling Porthos) Thanks, Doctor. [Corridor]
Previously on Star Trek Enterprise. Where are they for? We've seen how different Xindi technology is. They could have defences we can't detect. What about these energy readings? They could be coming from a weapons complex. Or a glitch in our sensors. I know. But if there's any chance that something on that planet could lead us to the Xindi weapon, we have to investigate it. After we enter the system we'll stay on the far side of that moon. It should keep us out of view. Tell Major Hayes he'll be joining us on a reconnaissance mission. We launch in two hours.  [Shuttlepod] Archer to Enterprise. I've found a landing site twelve kilometres north of the energy readings. Any sign they've detected us? I've set a steep approach vector and we've ionised the hull. It'll help disburse any scanning beams. How much further? They're Xindi. No, one of the other species we saw on the database.  [Bridge] We've picked up readings across the spectrum. Positron emissions, antiproton bursts. Whatever they're doing in there, it's using a lot of power. Tell him to keep standing by. I'm not ready to send in the troops just yet. We've checked out the perimeter of the complex. I think we can get inside without being detected.  [Forest] We'll maintain communications silence inside the complex. I'll contact you at oh four hundred. Archer out.  [Security fence] What about people? I need an analysis as soon as possible. That might set them back for a while, but we can't lose sight of our main objective. I want to know where they're shipping this kemocite. It could lead us to the weapon.  [Gralik's home] (He's walked home from the lab, with a gentle rolling gait, and poured himself a drink when the three come in.) I have some questions for you. Sit down! Take watch outside. (Reed and Hayes leave.) ARCHER: What's your name? My name's Jonathan Archer. I'm from Earth. Tell me about kemocite. Used for what? You're working with someone named Degra. Who is he? What's he using it for? Maybe you should, because this batch is being used to create a weapon to exterminate my people! I want to know where the weapon is being build and when it's going to be ready. I'm not leaving here until I get the answers I need.  [Science lab] Not yet, but this should help. Go ahead. We'll contact you in a couple of hours. I thought we were here to try and stop a war, not start one. Because they were told we're going to attack them. They think they're acting in self-defence. By destroying this complex we'll be confirming their worst fears about humanity. Have Major Hayes lay down blast suppressors. When this facility goes, I don't want to take the rest of the settlement with it. I'll deal with Gralik when the time comes. I don't intend to let anyone know we were here.  [Transporter alcove] You said you weren't involved in building weapons. Explain this. It's a fragment of a probe that murdered seven million people. The dead pilot was Xindi, the alloy is Xindi, and it's imprinted with the quantum signature of the compound you produce here. We know you're constructing a larger version of the weapon, big enough to destroy a planet. I want to know where it's being built! Did it come from this facility? Is Degra a reptilian? I met one at a mining complex. We've run into a few of them, too. It's hard to imagine five sentient species evolving on the same planet. No, thanks. No, go ahead. (Gralik takes a drink.) Gone? We found some debris. How did it happen? The other five species did survive. From what I can tell, they don't all live on remote colonies like this one. I'll be right back. It's okay.  [Outside Gralik's home] (into communicator) Archer. (closing communicator) Reptilians.  [Ridge overlooking refinery] (Degra greets the Reptilian delegation, then they speak to Gralik's assistant. Archer hands the binoculars to Reed.) Recognise anyone? What makes you say that? That could be dangerous. How do I know you won't expose us, tell them about Enterprise? (into communicator) Archer. What is it? Reptilians? (to Hayes) Stay with him. Take cover. (It's two flying devices, and one spots Archer's body heat behind a tree. He shoots it down. The other one comes up behind Reed and dodges his first shot, but gets winged with the other and it staggers away wounded.) Let's hope they didn't get a very good look at us. Understood. I appreciate your concern.  [Outside Cave] But we still have a few loose ends to tie up down here. Archer out. Anything? Let's hope so.  [Inside Cave] (They've got a fire going.) No sign of the reptilians. I've been considering another option. The people in this colony had nothing to do with the attack on my planet. I'll be damned if I'm going to make them pay for it. You offered to help us. Are you still willing? Then we'll give them their kemocite, but it won't be exactly what they ordered.  [Outside Cave] Make sure he gets home safely. Good luck. Go ahead. Are you speaking freely as well, Major? Noted. He said he'd help us. I believe him.  [Bridge] Tell the Armoury to hold off on those spatial charges. There's been a change of plans. I'll let you know in a couple of hours. Right now, I have an assignment for you and Hoshi.  [Refinery storage room] (Gralik's assistants are putting canisters into boxes.) We've got it. Understood.  [Refinery storage area] (Gralik is doing his tests when the Reptilian bursts in and grabs his arm.) Acknowledged.  [Ridge overlooking refinery] Understood.  [Bridge] Archer to Enterprise. What's the status of that Xindi ship? Are you picking up the tracking signal? Keep an eye on it. We'll be as soon as we can. I promise you, you haven't. Please trust me. Eventually, Degra's going to discover that you sabotaged his kemocite. He'll come back here. Their ship entered an energy portal after it left orbit. We've lost our tracking signal. I'd better get back to Enterprise. I will.   <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
How long's it been, Doc? It's a pleasure to have you aboard. We can hold that off till later. I'm sure the two of you are eager to spend some time together. Well in that case, why don't we have some lunch while the microscope's being unloaded? Have you spoken to Phlox since he got back? You must've not seen him yesterday morning. He was champing at the bit to get down to that conference. Brought back a wish list of medical instruments. He said there was a Vulcan contingent. You might want to go down for a visit. You may know one of them. I would think you'd enjoy spending time with members of your own species. (comm. beep) Archer. Speak of the devil. Looks like you won't have to go anywhere. I'll meet them at Docking port two. Let him know, okay? You have any idea what this is about? You can bet they're not coming up for coffee and doughnuts. [Conference room] (The three Vulcan doctors sit down along one side of a table.) Can I get you something? Thanks to Sub-Commander T'Pol, our chef has learned to make some pretty decent Plomeek soup. Absolutely. If you need anything, just let me know. (He turns to leave.) Sub-Commander. (Phlox and T'Pol sit opposite the Vulcans, as Archer leaves.) Archer to Doctor Phlox. Could you report to my ready room? Come in. (Phlox and T'Pol enter.) I wanted to see both of you. It's been a while since I was embarrassed by a Vulcan dignitary. I just spoke to Doctor Oratt. It seems you requested some medical data regarding a Vulcan illness for a colleague on Denobula. And both of you said that T'Pol had nothing to do with that request. Are you both going to lie to me like you lied to them? And when were you going to tell me that you've contracted a serious illness? They handed you something. A PADD, I think. Does that ring a bell? You left a fingerprint. It was enough for them to run tests. Why did you lie to them? It sure as hell is if they can help you. (to Phlox) How long have you known about this? And you never thought that maybe you should come to me and let me know that one of my officers has a potentially fatal disease? You still haven't explained to me why you lied to the Vulcans. And why would you think they would be more apt to help you if you said it was for a Denobulan colleague? For having a disease? Go on. Intimate? That ship of Vulcans who were experimenting with emotions. You belong to that minority? Then? Why would you take that risk? You were attacked. I remember. I'm sure the High Command will understand. Why not? How serious is it? Well, your request was accompanied by a lie, and whatever your reasons might have been, you're no longer welcome at the conference. The Vulcans have seen to that. My number one priority here is the health of my first officer. If these doctors have data that can help her, I plan to get it. (A shuttlepod launches.) [Vulcan medical area] (Archer is getting impatient in the waiting room when Yuris and Stromm arrive.) Actually, you did. Sub-Commander T'Pol and my doctor have explained the situation to me. Doctor Phlox assures me that he was only trying to protect her privacy. He doesn't make a habit of lying. I'm having a little difficulty understanding why you won't share your research, especially now that you know it could help T'Pol's condition. I can't believe you're withholding it to punish Doctor Phlox. Then what does it have to do with? And because you find them undesirable they're not entitled to medical care? Intimate acts? You're talking about mind-melds. If you're not going to help her the least you could do is show a little discretion. The High Command doesn't need to know about this. You have her genetic profile. You must realise she's not a member of this minority. Come in. (T'Pol enters.) ARCHER: I was just about to call you. Sit down. I'm sorry. I didn't have much luck down there. They seemed pretty pig-headed when it comes to Pa'nar syndrome, and I got the distinct feeling they're not going to keep this to themselves. Which one was he? Help? That seems like the last thing these doctors want to do. (piloting) You know, it never dawned on me that it was contagious. You said it wasn't contagious, that there was nothing I could have done. That doesn't mean you shouldn't have told me. You're damn straight I do. Every last one of them. You find that strange? I guess all Vulcans find worrying strange. (entering) How useful is it? Have you figured out why Doctor Yuris gave it to you? A few minutes ago. They've decided to recall you. Doctor Oratt does. He's a ranking member of the Council of Physicians. They plan on taking you back to Vulcan when the conference is over. Not till you reach Vulcan. You've got to tell them, T'Pol. Tell them what happened. They won't do a thing to you once they know it wasn't voluntary, that he did it against your will. Why the hell not? It makes a lot of difference. You're not a member of this minority. He forced himself on you. You said it yourself. (bursting in) Where's Oratt? Perhaps you can't. (He knocks on the glass partition between him and the trio.) (pointing at Oratt) I need to talk to you! You have no right to take my Science Officer. You can't dismiss someone just because you don't agree with the way they conduct their personal lives. Fit? You're saying a single mind-meld is enough to destroy her career? Or is it that she contracted the disease? That's why you're so hesitant to find a cure, isn't it? Why bother to help people you don't approve of? Not so fast. You know what this is, Doctor? My Communications Officer got it from the Vulcan database. It's the protocols of the Council of Physicians. It says that anyone accused of ethical misconduct is entitled to a hearing before the ranking medical officer in the province or territory where the accusation was first made. If I'm not mistaken, that would be you. Where I come from, everything's open for debate. And if I read these protocols correctly, so is the accusation you made against my Science Officer. It's mine to waste. Tomorrow afternoon. Fine. [Sickbay] (Travis displays a magnificent bruise on his I spoke to Doctor Oratt. I didn't tell you because I didn't want you to try and talk me out of it. Not exactly. Before I left, I got the medical protocols from Hoshi. It seems they owe you a hearing. They already did. If you're not going to defend yourself, the least you can do is speak for this minority you're so eager to protect. You said you didn't want to condone the attitude of these doctors. Your silence would do just that. I'll go along with that. I promise. But you've got to understand, I'm not going to give you up without a fight. [Vulcan medical area] (Yuris, Oratt and Stromm are sitting at a long table, with Archer and T'Pol on chairs opposite.) No. It has to do with how she got infected. A mind meld over a year ago. So what you're saying is that if a Vulcan, even an officer in the Science Directorate, engages in this exchange of thoughts and memories, they're condemned for it? You humans are too volatile, too irrational, too narrow-minded. That's what I heard for years, from every Vulcan I met. But we don't hold a candle to you when it comes to narrow-minded. We got rid of bigotry nearly a century ago. We're not afraid of diversity. We don't persecute it, we embrace it. If you call yourselves enlightened, you have to accept people who are different than you are. Seems my Science Officer doesn't want to discuss it. That's good enough for me. Come in. (T'Pol enters.) ARCHER: Doctor Yuris has been suspended. They offered him a hearing, but he refused. Oratt said he'll lose his standing with the Medical Exchange when they get back to Vulcan. One good thing did come out of this. They believed him when he said you were forced. You're not going to be recalled. Permission granted. I know you must be very disappointed that he broke his promise to you, but on a selfish note, I'm glad he did. I didn't want to lose you. Let's hope so. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Someone attacked a Klingon bird-of-prey. The entire crew was massacred, the ship's missing. They were Augments. Everything you'd need to keep a small colony of humans alive. Looks like this place doubled as a classroom. Trip? I need to know exactly what kind. It's important. I'll be damned. (Malcolm and the MACOs explore some passageways cut into the rock, when a young man tries to avoid them.) We're not going to hurt you. We just want to talk. Malcolm. (Reed lowers his phase pistol.) See? We're friends. I'm Captain Jonathan Archer. We're from Earth. (Smike tries to attack him with a knife, but is easily disarmed and knocked out.) [Klingon ship] For an Augment, he didn't put up much of a fight. How's the jaw? I'm sorry about that, but you didn't give me much choice. I told you my name. That's an unusual nickname. His handicapped friend. Is that why you were left behind? Because you're different? Udar. I need to find out where they went, the others. I'm trying to help them. That's not true. Your brothers and sisters are in danger. They attacked a Klingon ship. If the Klingons find them before we do. Go ahead, Trip. [Trialis] I think Soong is headed to Cold Station Twelve. It's the embryos from the Eugenics Wars that Soong's after. He took nineteen, but there are over eighteen hundred more. At the time, it was too controversial. Earth's governments couldn't decide how to handle the issue, so they put them into cold storage. I just got off with Admiral Forrest. We've been authorised to use whatever force necessary to stop Soong. I need all the speed you can give me. How's the patient? Good. I just reviewed the crew manifest for C-12. One of the names is Doctor Jeremy Lucas. He's Senior Medical Director. I thought you should know. Consider it done. Phlox tells me he's ready to free up this biobed. If you've had enough Sickbay food, I'd like you to join me in the Captain's Mess. No. See you in an hour. [Denobulan ship] (The group arrive at an asteroid. The Denobulan Pilot is out cold on the floor.) Phlox tells me you'd been living on your own for quite a while. You must be pretty resourceful to survive by yourself out there. Didn't look like a very friendly planet. When you get back to Earth, you should consider going to school. You've got a lot of catching up to do. What makes you think you're going to prison? I don't know what you've been told about Earth. You're not going to be punished. Soong is not your father. (fetching a PADD) Your biological father was Miklos Karlovassi. He was a geophysicist. We got the information from Soong's computer. Your mother's name was Irina. She was an athlete, decathlon. Won a silver medal in the Olympics. We've got a lot of historical data on both your parents. You're welcome to look at it. (Smike picks up the PADD and goes through the contents.) [Mess hall] (Phlox is sitting, slouched, in front of a table laden with food.) (to drinks dispenser) Coffee. When does your hibernation begin? You're worried about Doctor Lucas? We're getting there as fast as we can, Phlox. I doubt Soong gave him the whole story. The official number was thirty million. Some historians say it was closer to thirty five. (sitting) What do you know about Clarke's syndrome? My father died of it when I was twelve. He had frequent pain, hallucinations, he talked to people who weren't there. Often couldn't recognise me or my mother. The last two years of his life Maybe Soong has a point. He broke the law. That's why he was in prison. And that's why I'm going to make sure he goes back. Denobula perfected genetic engineering a long time ago, but you never came close to destroying yourselves. Or maybe your instincts had caught up with your intellect. Food's getting cold. [Station Control Hub] Any sign of the bird-of-prey? Put it up. This only ends one way, Doctor. I'm betting you're not a cold-blooded killer. [Station Control Hub] I want proof that the hostages are unharmed. Let me speak to Lucas. (Doctor Lucas is let out of the chamber, and help securely by Malik and Saul.) Doctor. [Station Control Hub] All stop. [Station Control Hub] Bring us about. If I didn't, I wouldn't have asked you to come along. Energise. [Station Control Hub] (Doctor Lucas is tied to a chair while Malik questions him the old-fashioned way, with his fists.) How long before they run out of air in the control hub? Smike? You're going to spend the rest of your life in prison. They lied to you. Why are you so surprised? Whenever a group of people start believing they're better than everyone else the results are always the same. You need it from someone. (An alarm sounds.) T'Pol! Execute your orders! [Bridge] To initiate the station's self-destruct sequence. (Malik starts working controls.) In a few seconds, this place will be dust. It wasn't my idea. The orders came from Starfleet, but after seeing this I can't say I disagree. You've already killed over twenty five people. Your existence has a pretty high price. Leave him alone! Whatever I can do to help. (Malik throws the disrupter to Saul.) Stick around and find out. Smike. [Bridge] Where is it? (Lucas hands him a PADD and the gallant Captain heads off into the core, climbing up a central ladder.) To Be Continued <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
There's been an attack on Earth. A probe. They don't know where it came from. It fired a weapon that cut a swath four thousand kilometres long from Florida to Venezuela. There may have been a million casualties. We've been recalled. I didn't ask. Go ahead. Understood. Set a course, Travis. Warp five. [Ready room] Trip. No, I'm sorry. Older or younger? Maybe she was away. The number of casualties has been revised. It's up to three million. Come in. And? What do they know? Trip's sister lives in Florida. (comm. beep) Archer. Just what we need. Tactical alert. [Bridge]  Hail them. Try again. (The lights go out. Two Suliban are seen on the ceiling, The lights come back on and Archer has gone.) Silik! I knew you'd have something to do with this. Millions of people. You killed millions of people! What the hell am I doing here? Information about what? Who is he? What do you want? I'm aware of that. How would they know what's going to happen in four hundred years? Are they the ones the Suliban are working for? So you're the one who tried to start a civil war in the Klingon Empire, the one who's manipulated my mission from day one. Annihilate us before we can annihilate them. Why are you Why should I believe you? He didn't think we'd believe him. He's probably right. He may be telling the truth. If he is, I need your support, not your damn scepticism. Captain's Starlog, April 24th, 2153.The journey home has been very difficult. We've now learned that over seven million people were lost. [Bridge] (There is a bright, bright sun in the centre of the viewscreen.) Where? Who are they? You still have torpedoes. Duras. [Duras's ship] A Klingon named Duras. He's not very fond of me. Do they have a better idea of who did this? And how about the Vulcans? I suppose you think I'm hallucinating. Are you willing to risk a second attack? All I'm asking is to take Enterprise and find these Xindi. What do we have to lose, a single starship. Seems like a small price to pay if there's one chance in a million that he's right. At warp five, about a three month trip. What's that? Sounds like your talking about the Bermuda Triangle. It's a risk I'm willing to take, and I imagine most of my crew would be with me. I'm not sure the person I spoke to was from the future or not, but he knew this would be the reaction that I'd get, so he did give me proof. [Secure Storage Room] (The three enter, Archer takes out a scanner and starts walking around the bits of metal.) This is quantum dating the debris. Take a look. The principal alloy in this piece was synthesised within the last four years. This one, about a year earlier. Twelve years for this piece. I'm getting to it. (He finds a small component.) ARCHER: You might find this interesting. Why is that, sir? What's wrong with that? (comparing scanners) Then I guess this ones not working either. I haven't the slightest idea. But that doesn't change what's on these scanners. This fragment's from the future, unless you have another explanation. I'd like to take a look in there. (Forrest opens cryo-unit with armed guards standing around to reveal a blackened alien corpse) I sure as hell would like to find out. [Sickbay] I don't have a lot of time. What's up? Why didn't Starfleet catch it? No. I feel fine. I know, Vulcan's don't believe in time travel. How do you know about that? He seemed humanoid, but I couldn't see him that well. A number of times. Does this have anything to do with the radiation? Doesn't help. I told you, it doesn't help. It's kind of strange that a Vulcan would be so interested in my feelings. Why would you imagine that? Soval sure is persistent. What did he want you to do? Come back with proof that I'm out of my mind? Well I'm telling you to get the hell off my ship. If you wouldn't mind, Phlox, I'd like you to escort our guest to the airlock. You're a sight for sore eyes, Tommy. Slow tonight. Is she here? Thanks. Bring me a Scotch. I'm really sorry. I wish it was longer. I was hoping to spend some time with you. We know a little bit, but not enough. I'll probably be gone for a long time, Becky. What are my chances? How'd it go with your folks? I doubt it. We got the new upgrades for the Universal Translator. It'll never replace a linguist with a magical ear. Well, that's a matter of opinion. (He reads the spine of a book.) Languages of the Sub-Sahara. I'm surprised you're leaving that one here. So why not take it with you? And the clothes are going to? I thought you were leaving. I don't know. You're a teacher, an academic. That's not what I meant. I wouldn't have it any other way. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. After days of debate, Starfleet's finally informed me that we're to proceed with our new mission. [Shuttlepod] (They fly past a ship in Spacedock. Archer is piloting.) The NX-02. A long time. Hopefully. What kind of armaments will she have? This morning. Some haven't decided yet, but I don't think more then eight or nine will be leaving. I talked to General Casey a few hours ago. I don't have a problem with non-Starfleet personnel. The General tell me these are the best he has. I'm going to need all the muscle I can get when we cross into the Expanse. Not even a hint. I didn't think he would have warned us if we didn't have a chance of stopping them. [Sickbay]  With all due respects Admiral, what is the point of me watching this. Is it supposed to frighten me, make me change my mind about commanding this mission? Are you suggesting the crew was responsible? (to Forrest) Is there anything else, sir? (Forrest shakes his head, so Archer goes to leave.)  Soval agreed to let us take her back to Vulcan if it's all right with you. Scheduled to be done by oh six hundred. No, sir.  It's bad enough one of us is up in the middle of the night. He must be doing better then we are. He's fast asleep. No. When they first assigned her, I felt like strangling Soval. I would think you'd be the first one to show her to the airlock. (Tucker pours another slug of whiskey into their glasses.) When I got this job, commanding the first warp five ship was about as big as a responsibility as I could imagined. Then, we began running into so many bad guys, and I had to start thinking more about the safety of eighty three people. Weight of the world, Trip. We'll do what we have to do, Trip. Whatever it takes. (The ship judders.) [Bridge] You've been wanting to test those new torpedoes. Start low. We just want to get them off our backs. (Two torpedoes hit their target.) [Duras's ship] Bring the yield up. Fifty percent. [Duras's ship] (Explosions and damage.) (nods) How long will it take them to repair their engines? Give me an educated guess. What's our speed? Go to four five. If we can make it to Vulcan space before they get their engines back, they'll think twice about giving us any more trouble. [Ready room] (Archer is not eating a meal, and not reading a book.) Come in. Why don't you sit down? (she does) Just think, in two days you'll be eating real Vulcan food. Well you never did care for the way we smelled. At least you won't have to put up with that anymore. How about all those emotions we bombard you with every day? You're not making this easy. There's got to be something you're looking forward to back home. What? It's not a question of my allowing you. The High Command would never agree to it. Why? You've worked so hard, T'Pol. We'll be all right. I've been thinking about who to promote.  Keeping away from those Klingons isn't going to be easy as we thought. We're not going to Vulcan. Mister Mayweather, set course for the Delphic Expanse. Distance? Magnify. (Purple swirly stuff fills the viewscreen.) The Vulcans said the Expanse is surrounded by thick layers of thermobaric clouds. When their last ship went in, it took them almost six hours to get through it. Anything on long range sensors? Point two impulse, Travis. Let's head in. (So they do.)ARCHER: Anything? Let's be patient. Keep them apprised of our position. Got something? We're not in the Expanse yet. Hold your course. Go to full impulse. You heard me, Travis. Put it up. Go to hell. That's why Duras wants us to come about. He's afraid of the Expanse. Increase speed, Travis. [Duras's ship] Keep firing. I won't bet on it. Your new torpedoes aren't having the same effect as last time. If he's transferred his shielding forward, what's protecting his stern? What's protecting his stern? Think you can pull off an L4 at this speed? Then look for the densest cloud formation you can find. Captain Archer to all hands, hold on! Looks good to me. (Hidden from the Klingon, Enterprise loops the loop to end up astern of Duras.) [Duras's ship]  Fire. (Two torpedoes blow the Bird of Prey apart and Enterprise sails Did you lose any more of those injectors? Sure you still want to tag along? Straight and steady. Mister Mayweather. Let's see what's in there. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
You know about the alien we found, the test subject? We're hoping that'll include data on the Sphere Builders. I'm sending a crew in a shuttlepod. They'll join up with us later. We're pretty sure we've found a way in. You've mentioned the Xindi have been studying the Spheres for decades. We have the evidence to back it up. It's no wonder you had a hard time accepting this. I've stood before a Klingon tribunal. I can handle a tough room. Go ahead. Anything you can tell me about them. I need to know what I'm up against. They're quick to take sides. We've run into them. From what I've seen that's not hard to believe. Don't worry. Keep my chair warm. How's your Insectoid these days? Is that all? [Degra's shuttle] I'll make sure I project. We're still two kilometres up. Avians. Kind of feels like being called to the Principal's office. I was once. When we're done here. [Council chamber] You killed seven million of my people. I want to be honest with you, I don't much like standing here. I know. You've been told that at some time in the future my world is going to destroy yours. That's a lie. (Insectoid outburst.) The Guardians built the Spheres. They're reconfiguring the Expanse, preparing it for colonisation. I am trying to save my world, but it's not just Earth that's in danger. If you wipe out mankind you'll be destroying yourself. Earth is going to lead a battle that defeats the Sphere Builders. They know this. That's why they manipulated you into attacking us. Then we'll focus on the aquatics. What changed their minds? Your Council just might have the opposite effect. Come in. Degra, when I was on the future Enterprise four hundred years from now, there were Xindi aboard. Humans and Xindi were serving together in the Federation. That's a future worth fighting for. [Council corridor] Passing notes. I got sent to the Principal's office for passing a note in class. It was to Katy Bentley. I was inviting her to a party a friend of mine was throwing. Funny thing. She'd already turned me down, but after I got in trouble. The Sphere Builders, the beings you call the Guardians, are the same species. A few weeks ago we came across an alien. He was adrift in what we believe was a transdimensional disturbance. The alien was inside a pod which was constructed of the same combination of alloys that make up the outer shell of the Spheres. He was a Sphere Builder. Not all of it. Energise. (The alien's pod is beamed into the centre of the council chamber, and appears to have a body inside it.) He did. Tell me, is this one of the Guardians? Dismissed. We'll be in my Ready room. (Archer and the humanoid leave.) Who did this? Keep me appraised. (The communication ends.) Archer to the Bridge. Go to Tactical Alert. [Shuttlepod] That hasn't stopped us in the past. Count on it. A lot can happen in a day. Archer. Report. Pursuit course. We're tracking it. We're right behind you. [Shuttlepod] (Going through the data they got from the Sphere.) Stay with it. Keep firing. Tell them to stay put, and we'll come back for them when we can. (A vigorous space battle takes place around the Xindi weapon.) Open a channel to Degra's ship. We're moving in on the weapon. [Degra's ship] Hoshi! [DOLIM Bridge]
Morning everyone. What have we got today? That's interesting. What else? Anything else? Any life signs? You might have put that on the top of the list. [Bridge] Put us into orbit at five hundred kilometres. Let's hold off a second. We don't know whether they're using high-band frequencies or smoke signals. Let's take a closer look. (An aerial view of a coastal town.) ARCHER: Do you see that, just off the coast. It's almost like travelling back in time. Give me a tighter view of the city, Hoshi. (She zooms in to show Not if we look like them. Starfleet could've sent a probe out here to make maps and take pictures, but they didn't. They sent us so we could explore with our own senses. (Later, Hoshi is listening to something and quietly laughing) You okay? Well, let's hear some of it. (A medley of russian and eastern european sounding words.) A farm? This must be why aliens are always landing in cornfields. So, who do we send first? [Sickbay] If the translator goes down, you'll be able to handle yourself better than any of us. We don't need it to be too perfect. Go ahead. Is there a problem? What's causing it? Or maybe we're not the first visitors. What about non-indigenous biosigns? Trip, T'Pol, let's head down to Sickbay. (to Hoshi) Let the quartermaster know we'll need three more sets of clothing. [Shuttlepod} (The crew are in Italian renaissance era style clothes) What's this? Over here. Looks like some kind of curio shop. (They try the door, but Except we're on the wrong side of this door. Seventy eight light years to get here, our first act is breaking and entering. Trip. Archer to T'Pol. I think we found what we're looking for. Can you disable it? You don't need to point that weapon at us. We're collectors. We're picking up an antique. Deliveries? Was that necessary? Let's try not to shoot anyone else while we're here, okay? The reactor signature's coming from the other side of that door, but it's protected by some kind of energy field. Hoshi. (He hands over ID papers to her to translate.) I'll meet you back at the shuttle. [Riann's attic] Nothing. You just collapsed. Garos? I'm not working for anyone. I just wanted to make sure you got home all right. There's something strange going on in that shop. I don't know what, exactly, but I'm trying to figure it out. I'm an investigator from another city. I can't tell you anymore than that, not right now. My colleague's waiting for me. I've got to go. You said something about a sickness. I wanted to come back tomorrow and talk to you about it. Will you be here? (She nods, he goes to leave.) Jon. What about the shop itself, can you scan underneath it? Keep you sensors locked on that shop. If you notice anything else out of the ordinary, let me know right away. That woman, Riann, said something about people getting sick. We noticed antiques in the window. My friend here is an amateur collector. No, and neither are you. Your DNA doesn't match any other lifeform on this planet. (Garos activates his own scanner.) I'm Captain Jonathan Archer of the Starship Enterprise. We're explorers from the planet Earth. Now that you know who we are, maybe you could tell us what you're doing here. If you enjoy the simple life so much, why do you have an antimatter reactor in your basement? I don't know if you've heard, but there's an illness spreading through this area. Some people seem to think you're the cause of it. You know her? If you wouldn't mind, we'd like to take a look at this reactor of yours. (The shop door opens.) His reactor's got an awful lot of power for a fabrication device. Archer to T'Pol. How soon can you meet us? [Riann's attic] (She's studying a book. There's a knock.) Hello again. Her name's T'Pol. She's helping me investigate Garos's shop. You two have something in common. T'Pol is a scientist as well. (T'Pol looks at bench of glass vials.) Not exactly. I'm sorry, I don't mean to be evasive. I was hoping you could tell us a little bit more about this illness. We were trying to get into the basement. We think there's some kind of machine there, something he's not supposed to have. We're not sure, but it may be indirectly connected to this epidemic. If you can tell us what you know, we might be able to help. I'm sorry. Why do you believe this Garos is involved? You said something about evening deliveries. That's why you were watching his shop. You thought we were there for the crates. (Riann pours some liquid from the vial he put the perforated ball into.) I'd love a cup. (He and T'Pol go over to the doorway.) ARCHER: Did you get what you need? All right, you and the others head back. I'll stay here, see if I can earn more about Garos and these shipments. These people are suffering from something a lot worse than cultural contamination. We've got to find out what it is. Did you say something? I have a similar one. I talk to my dog. What was that? (Riann speaks in Akaali, so Archer kisses her to shut her up while he adjusts the translator. It doesn't work first time, so he kisses her again.) Are you all right? Someone was walking this way, but he turned and went around the corner. I thought if we pretended to be I want you to head back. Move! (They watch from behind a shrub as a small ship comes down and tractors the crates up before heading into space again.) Actually, I have. (A phaser-type beam hits a tree near them. It's all right. He's not dead. (He takes the alien's equipment.) To meet you. Not you personally, but your people. If you take away our technology we're not that different. (He uses They're mining some kind of veridium isotope. I'm not surprised. Their drill bits are saturated with it. We've got to shut this all down. The reactor seems to be powering the entire operation but I can't use my phase-pistol. I'd risk blowing up half the city. [Bridge] I doubt that we have that much time. Our best shot is the transporter. I'll see what I can do about disengaging that dampening field. Give me a few minutes. I don't suppose you read Malurian. It wasn't designed for that. There's an energy field surrounding the shop. It's keeping my ship from seeing what's in here. One of these controls should turn it off. (Riann points to another display.) If the blue line represents the dampening field, this blue button should control it. What about them? The blue one's lit. We could debate this all day. Blue or yellow? I told you. We detected your reactor from orbit. We're trying to help these people. What you're doing here is contaminating their water supply. She belongs here. If anyone walks through either of these doors, aim this and pull the trigger. [Bridge] How's it going up there? [Bridge] And the reactor? Don't worry about me, just get the reactor. What about it? Archer. No. They're about to leave, but first they need to pick up three passengers. Archer out. I don't think you're going to have time to pack up your shop. (He gives Garos his gun back. Garos actives a transporter and the three swirl out of view.) Captain's starlog, July 31st, 2151. We've removed the mining equipment from under the shop. As far as we can tell, none of the Akaali knows what really happened, with one exception. {Riann's attic] That's all they'll need. I've notified T'Pol's people. They're going to look in on you from time to time. You bet. It's probably best if you keep all this to yourself. (She puta the bottle in case with others.) There are lots of inhabited planets to see, but I doubt many will be this memorable. (He kisses her.) I'm sorry? I don't understand a word you're saying. (And kisses her again, with passion.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Admiral Forrest has been killed. I'm here to find the person who bombed the Earth embassy. Her name is T'Pau. And she looks a hell of a lot like you. You murdered my friend, along with forty other people. It tells me that you're lying! You have a lot to learn about humans. We don't sit back and do nothing while our people are attacked. Something like that. No. His name was Arev. He didn't make it. That's what he told us. I'm okay. Right before Arev died, he grabbed me. He put his hand on my forehead. I felt something inside my head. I don't know. But ever since, I haven't been myself. [T'Kareth Sanctuary] Who are you? That was eighteen hundred years ago. This doesn't feel like a dream. Syrran did something to me before he died. You've got the wrong man. He seemed to think I knew who he was. It was Surak. I was near him when he died. I've had my fill of mind-melds. Katric Arks? The Vulcan Science Academy was just as sceptical about time travel. Not when you put it like that. I'm listening. So I'm suffering from a mind-meld hangover? It feels like more than that. Seeing Surak is only a part of it. I could swear I've been here before, in this sanctuary. It's like coming back to the house you grew up in. Let's say you're right, and it was just a mind-meld. He still put something in my head. And I want it taken out. You know, I'm the one with a Vulcan ghost in his head, depending on who you believe. But I don't feel half as bad as you look. At least we know your mother's okay. I don't think these people had anything to do with the embassy. Let's just say it's more than a gut feeling. (a guard opens the door, T'Pau and T'Les enter) I can't argue with that. Let's get started. It's my call. [Corridor] Surak. Radiation sickness? But Syrran How long have I been out? I feel like I just pulled my head out of a plasma relay. The Kir'Shara. It was important to Surak, and it's in there. I can find it. [Bridge] (Explosions are going off nearby.) T'Klaas. He was a student of Surak, one of the first Kolinahr masters. We're getting close. (They hear thuds.) It's here. (They are standing in front of a circular carved door. Archer presses three panels in particular ways, and it opens. Archer enters, takes the slender three-sided pyramid object from it's plinth and hands it to T'Pau.) Let's go. This way. [High Command] (As the bombardment of the sanctuary area knocks out the holographic projector, revealing the torch light and courtyards.)
