I hope I'm not interrupting. Nowadays it's probably wiser not to announce those things. The violence has seriously escalated. It almost seems there are more weapons on the streets now than during the occupation. I try to concentrate on more spiritual matters. I understand your duties here are finished. Do you have any immediate plans? Then perhaps I have the perfect solution. Come and stay at our monastery for a while. It can help when the spirit gets a little bruised. May I make a friendly observation? It's crooked. It's only a row of stones. Is that really how you see yourself? Perhaps you'd rather try your hand at woodcrafts. Of course. I'm a Vedek. It'll be our secret. So? It might be interesting to explore useless for a while. See how it feels. I'm beginning to. It's time, isn't it? Come inside with me. Come. [Orb Shrine] May it be the first of many visits. It is the third orb, the orb of prophecy and change. Be useless, Nerys. Allow the prophets to guide you. (Bareil leaves and Kira gets a vision) [Kira's vision] (Kira, in uniform, is being feted or harangued by Bajoran politicians) Don't listen to him, Nerys. Allow yourself to hear them. They are calling to you. (Kira is naked) Listen to them, Nerys. But you do. (A naked Bareil is behind her.) You do. (Kira leans against Bareil) You do. (Just as they are about to kiss, the vision ends) [Security office] (An update on the situation over the Bajoran Regional Comms Network) Is that where the Prophets led you? You don't want to talk about it. Can I tell you something very personal? The last time I encountered the third orb, you were a part of my vision. It's the reason that I came to the station, to invite you here. It's not important. I was just wondering if I was part of yours. How could there be a storm on a day as lovely as this? Vedek Winn. I do, Vedek Winn. Major Kira is here to explore her pagh. No one has ever been held to that formality.
Whoever deserves the credit, Doctor, I am grateful. My work here is not yet finished. Eminence. (Winn and Sisko leave.) So, are we going to be playing springball next month? You mean playing against a dead man? I suggest that we put off discussion of the Cardassians returning the Orbs until diplomatic relations have been established. But it will give the peace process a chance to grow. Once the Cardassians are invested in the process, it may be easier to discuss these matters. A wise decision, Eminence. I take it you're not here to deliver a good report, Doctor? So what do we do? For how long? Maybe even years? I'm sorry, Doctor, that's not acceptable. I can't allow myself to be put in storage when my people need me. I don't want to wake to a Bajor still haunted by the memory of the occupation. And I have a duty to Bajor. Please, help me heal my people. It's the only thing that matters to me. What sort of risk? But it would allow me to function normally for the next few days? I have no great desire to die, Doctor, but I am determined to carry out the will of the Prophets as long as I am able, and I cannot carry out their will if I am unconscious in some stasis tube. Please, begin the Vasokin treatment. So do I. Station log, stardate 48498.4. Legate Turrel has arrived aboard the station to resume the negotiations. Vedek Bareil suggested that I sit in on the talks as an impartial observer, and Kai Winn has agreed. [Wardroom] Turrel is trying to get a concession from you that I already rejected. Tell him that the question of Cardassian property on Bajor was already dealt with in the Armistice talks four years ago. Don't worry, he'll still pay the reparations. Yes, Eminence. (Winn leaves) Just be here. I'm beginning to dislike seeing that look on your face, Doctor. I'm afraid my mind's made up. Just get me through the negotiations. I must carry out the will of the Prophets. Please. Whatever it takes, just do it. [Wardroom] (Winn is studying PADDs.) Yes, Major. Awake. Everything is different. It's hard to explain, but when you touch me, it doesn't seem real. It's more like the distant memory of a touch. Of course, Eminence. I will do all I can. [Holding area]
I'm sorry for keeping you waiting, Commander. No need to pay tribute to me. Ear? It's unpleasant, isn't it? I was five the first time one of the monks grabbed my ear. He was a stern old crow who could virtually squeeze the pagh out of you with his thumb and forefinger, and as a chronic misbehaver I was his favourite victim. I swore one of my life's goals would be to do away with that archaic ritual. I hope you don't mind if I do a little planting while we talk. All those hours of listening to a hundred and twelve vedeks talking at once made me yearn for the sanctity of my arboretum. I began my service at the monastery as the gardener. I had no other ambition but to grow the most lovely Feloran bromeliads on the planet. Unfortunately, the Prophets did not allow me that peaceful life. I understand my friend Vedek Winn has brought her blessings to your station. Why me? You have been correctly informed. I'm sorry, Commander. The Vedek Assembly will not see you. Some fear you as the symbol of a Federation they view as godless. Some fear you as the Emissary who has walked with the Prophets. And some fear you because Vedek Winn told them to. We're all very good conjuring up enough fear to justify whatever we want to do. Today, I am only a Vedek. If the Prophets will it, someday I may be Kai, and I can be a better friend to you then. The Prophets teach us patience. I'm sorry you made this long trip for nothing, Commander. Please stay and enjoy the gardens as long as you like. [Ops] Commander, I've decided to accept your gracious invitation. You did invite me to tour your facility? Yes. I heard about it. Perhaps I can help you clean it up. It's the least a friend can do. I look forward to seeing you again. [Bajoran shrine] (Neela enters and the resident monk leaves) It seems our paths have grown apart. Perhaps we can bring them together again. Come with me to the school. Let us both show our commitment to a peaceful resolution to this series of events. Looking around at your faces, I believe you feel the shame that I feel at this sight. [Security office] Once our world was a centre of learning. It attracted travellers from many other worlds (Sisko goes inside to take the call, while Bareil gives his speech outside the doorway) To reject violence as a solution, to join hands with all peoples and begin to trust again. (A round of applause and Sisko comes out of the schoolroom. He spots Neela moving through the crowd looking sour. We see Neela take a weapon from her tool case. She raises it and Sisko reacts.)
Kira! Kira, you're safe. You're at the monastery. The entire city saw your ship go down. The searchers who found you were from my order. She's fine. She's changing clothes. I know. Lieutenant Dax told me. (Kira tries to stand and falls into his arms) Careful. Careful, you've just had a broken hip mended. Six hours. Members of religious orders are the only ones who can travel safely in the streets. I'm going to escort you. Of course you can't. But I can be responsible for yours. Please, don't argue. (Bareil leaves)
That's exactly what I wanted to avoid. Prylar Rhit invited me to speak at the station shrine. But, to be honest, I've been looking for an opportunity to see you. Honoured? Actually, I was hoping you'd be happy to see me. So, what did you think? You disagree with my interpretation of the Eighth Prophecy? It's brilliant. Insightful. Maybe we should talk about something else. The Ilvian katterpod crop maybe? Or the new nature preserve in Hedrikspool Province? No? Maybe the standings in the springball championship. Religiously, if you'll pardon the expression. I even used to play a little. Really? Let's go. Why not? Well, unless you have a more pressing engagement? Good. I could use the practice. [Protector's office] (Odo is conducting interviews) Don't apologise. I should have seen it coming. Where did you learn to play like that? Yeah, I was at Relliketh. And now here we are. That was delicious. Here, let me help. Never felt better. You'd better tell him soon. Prylar Rhit is going to be returning to Bajor. It appears he fancies himself something of a dabo player. He's run up a sizable gambling debt. It's caused quite a scandal in the Vedek Assembly. Who? Why?
No, but you'll be unless you do exactly what I say. A fast ship would be nice. Let's go. Follow me and she dies. I promise you that. (At Kira's desk) Hold it. (He picks up her roll and eats it.) Not the turbolift. Someone might cut the power and we'd be trapped inside. Your uniform, I've never seen one like it. You're not with the Alliance, are you? Then I have crossed to the alternate universe. Tell you one thing, the food's better. Now you know the story of my life. Believe me, wherever I end up is going to be a lot better than where I've been. I'll bet you were glad to leave it. Now which way? How many levels before we reach the landing pad? Oh. (Kira leads the way up the ladder.) [Upper pylon] (gasping) Open it. Oh, you've been so cooperative up to now. I'd hate to have to kill you. Oh, you sure of that? How long have you known? Then why did you come with me? And I have to get away. (He raises the weapon to hit her, and she tosses him over her shoulder onto the floor. The airlock door opens.) This is the cleanest interrogation chamber I've ever been in, and believe me, I've been in quite a few. A Terran rebel gave it to me. We were very close. So, when do I get to meet myself? Well, this is the alternate universe, correct? Everything's the same but different. Which means there's another Bareil Antos here. Was? You knew him, didn't you? Then that's why you seemed to recognise me. What was he like? He was someone you cared about. Major, I know I have no right to ask this but you could do me a big favour. Destroy that device. Because then they can't send me back. Please, Major. You've been there. You know what it's like. Put me in prison, in a labour camp, whatever you want. Just let me stay. [Captain's office] Major. I just wanted to say thank you for putting in a good word for me. I'm not sure. I've been reading up on your world, and it's very different from the Bajor I know. Well, I'm thinking about it. Did you see that? People keep staring at me. A Vedek? Imagine me a religious leader Wait. I didn't mean to offend you. It's just the kind of life I've led hasn't been very spiritual. In fact, I don't think I've ever been inside a temple. In there? I don't think so. Besides, if I go in there, people are going to start believing I really am Vedek Bareil. That's something I'd like to avoid. I figured I could use a little spiritual guidance. It wasn't meant to be. I plan on making a new life for myself here. I'm going to need all the help I can get. What's in the box? Orb? Who are the Prophets? Of course we do. That's because I leave them alone, they leave me alone. (They are shushed from across the aisle.) [Promenade] I'm not sure. It was an interesting ceremony, but Everyone seemed to take it so seriously. I suppose it must be nice to have that kind of faith. I've always preferred to believe in nothing. That way I'm never disappointed. Maybe not, but it's all mine. Anyway, I'm glad I had this chance to see you again. It was very enlightening. Thank you, Major. An hour later, the Klingon guard returns to my cell. He puts down what's supposed to be my last meal, I slip his mek'leth out of its scabbard and hide it in my shirt. That night, I used the blade to deactivate the sensor alarm, my earring to open the cell door. By the time they realised I was gone, I was halfway to the Ventar system. Excuse me? Oh, you're sure of that? No, it's all right. Obviously, I was exaggerating. Allow me. (Bareil produces a mek'leth and cuts the cake into four even pieces.) I believe this is yours? Why not. [Corridor] You are a lucky woman. You have good friends. You think so? I can think of one. There's not much to say. She died. It's all right. Happened a long time ago. Her name was Lisea. I first saw her on the street in Ilvia. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. She had the most attractive little money sack hanging from her waist. She should've known better than to carry her money so carelessly in Ilvia. It's a very dangerous place. Turns out she'd just arrived from one of the mining camps in the hills of Dahkur Province. When I met her she was working in an Ilvian pleasure centre. I taught her how to be a thief. The funny thing is, she was so grateful. She felt I saved her life. If anyone was saved it was me. We were having dinner in a bar one night. A fight broke out. A drunken Cardassian pulled out a disruptor and started firing. We were together five years, and in all that time I never told her how much she meant to me. When I activated that transporter device I had no idea where I'd end up. I never thought I'd be sitting here with you. Major. What did you say these are called? Not my Bajor. Ever since I got here I can't stop eating. What is it? This must be very strange for you. You and I here together, me looking like him. You mean he didn't eat in bed? You starve the soul. I did a little research. Enough to know that when he died, Bajor suffered a great loss. Are you tired? Want to get an early breakfast? So where is this Vedek? I just don't want to disappoint anybody. I know that. I meant the Prophets. What do I say to them? I just stare into the Orb. Yes. (Ossan holds Bareil's left ear.) Thank you. Not hungry. When you had your first Orb experience, did you understand it? And then? I thought I would get a glimpse of the future. It was more than that. It changes you. There were so many images I couldn't track of them all. He was there, Vedek Bareil. We were together, talking, but it was all mixed up. I was him, he was me. It's all very confusing. If I can't tell you about it, who can I tell? I feel as if I could sleep for days. I will. Nerys? What are you doing here? Couldn't be better. Right on schedule. Later. I'm too tired. Right now all I want to do is go to bed. I said I was tired. It's been a long day. Don't be stupid. You're crazy. I am not going to discuss this. She's wonderful. (Bareil stops the Intendant from hitting him.) I know what I am. I said I was tired. This has nothing to do with the Major. I looked into the Orb today. The Vedeks are holding a twenty six hour vigil in the Shrine. Now, I cannot get near the place until tomorrow night. The Orb is behind a forcefield keyed to a decryption matrix. That's what thieves do. Just call me Vedek Bareil. You're putting a lot of faith in that Orb. One more. What are you two staring at? Same goes for the rest of you. I am not Vedek Bareil. I just want to be left alone. Believe me, there's a difference. You have a business proposition for me? Spit it out. Like I said, I'm not Vedek Bareil. I wouldn't know what to say. I've known people like you my whole life. Nasty, greedy little minds willing to do whatever it takes to make money. I know just how you think. I suppose I am a lot more like you than I'll ever be like Vedek Bareil. I'm afraid not. Because right now I don't like either one of us. (Bareil leaves.) Even I'd have trouble telling you apart. Let's try to stay focused, all right? We both have jobs to do. Right. What are you doing here? Nerys. How did you know? I wish I could, but I can't. I've come too far. You're suppose to wait for me at the transporter pad. If we're going, let's go. She's right. I'm not worth saving. Believe anything you want. When she wakes up, I'll have a lot of explaining to do. Maybe. That will certainly be her first reaction, but I've talked my way back into her good graces before. I'll be all right. It's for the best. You know what I saw when I looked into that Orb? You and me, together on Bajor. We had a life, a family. Nothing. It might even work, for a while. But eventually I'd find some way to ruin it. I'm a thief. I belong with her.
Nerys? Help me. Please. It's Prylar Bek. I thought you'd sleep till noon. Oh, I'm very relaxed. How are you feeling this morning? All right, I will. I'll stay a few more days. Why not? Oh, that. You know there's no guarantee I'm going to win. Are you going to vote for me? Well, I know you don't agree with many of my views. So I thought a personal appearance might sway your opinion. Good. Because your vote is the only one that matters to me. I could never replace Opaka. Bajor wouldn't have survived the occupation without her. Listen to me. No matter how busy I become, I'll always have time for you. I didn't say it would be. I'm not going to lose you, Nerys. I promise you that. [Promenade] (Outside the Shrine, Winn is talking to a group of children.) As I understand the Sacred Texts, the Prophets' love is unconditional. They ask nothing in return. Nothing pleases me more than providing you with an opposing viewpoint, Vedek Winn. Oh, I wouldn't even try to surprise you. I understand you've been keeping a close eye on my activities these last few weeks. I'm sure Major Kira meant no disrespect. Kai Opaka. Why did you leave us? I don't deserve to walk in your path. Prylar Bek? What exactly is it you're asking me, Nerys? I visited Bek, yes. That hardly makes me a collaborator. Poor Winn. Her desire to become Kai has clouded her judgement. Believe me when I tell you there's no reason to worry. I had nothing to do with the massacre and Winn will never be able to prove otherwise. Bek was a deeply troubled man seeking spiritual guidance. His guilt at betraying the Kendra Valley base was overwhelming. He called me for help. I came as soon as I could. I only wish I could have done more for him. Nerys, you have to understand, he was a monk speaking in confidence to his Vedek. I cannot betray that trust. Nothing that will satisfy Winn. Thank you, Nerys. [Security office] Come in. (enter Kira) Nerys. The truth is not always easy to recognise. Don't make me do this. The Cardassians were determined to eliminate all resistance in the Kendra Valley. If someone hadn't told them the location of that base, they would've wiped out every village in the area. That would have meant the death of twelve hundred innocent Bajorans. I could not allow that. No. I've destroyed myself. [Ops] Nerys? I didn't expect to see you here. I'm not sure I understand what you mean. It's over. Let it rest. The people have chosen Winn. That's enough. Please, Nerys. Don't. She sacrificed her own son to save a thousand people. I had to protect her. It is the will of the Prophets. Down paths she cannot possibly imagine. She's going to need our help along the way, even if she doesn't realise it yet. What do you want to happen? (Kira kisses him.)
Nerys. I am so glad to see you. I've missed you, too. (Kira and Bareil kiss then leave) I wish we both weren't so busy. I never expected Kai Winn to make me one of her principal advisors. I know you don't like Winn, but the office has changed her. The Prophets chose well. So why don't we leave spiritual matters in their capable hands and concentrate on enjoying ourselves? The Festival doesn't start for an hour. Jadzia, of course. I've never understood how the two of you could be such good friends. She's so unpredictable and you're so I didn't mean it like that. It's just that she gets to spend so much more time with you than I do. I was hoping we could start a few traditions of our own. Oh, nothing. Just looking. Sage advice. You have such a wise, generous spirit. I only wish I had a friend like you. You mean that? I'm glad. Because I was hoping that you and I could get to know each other better. A lot better. (Bareil puts him hand on Dax's knee.) Someone might see us. I can't. I have to find Jadzia. No, not at all. Do you know where she is? She wasn't there the last time I looked. I'll explain everything later. Thank you, Nerys. For being such a good friend. Gladly, if you'll stop running away. I have something important to talk to you about. Please step aside, Commander. I need to talk to Jadzia. I only want to give her this. It's been in my family for generations. Oh no you don't. (Bareil punches Sisko.) I'll fight for her if I have to. (Bareil's punches make no impact on Sisko, then Dax intervenes and knocks Bareil down.) Why did she hit me?
