The Klingon Empire makes the following allegations against Lieutenant Commander Worf. That on Stardate 49648, while commanding the Starship Defiant, he knowingly fired upon and destroyed a Klingon civilian transport ship near the Pentath system. That as a result of that action, four hundred forty one Klingon civilians were killed. It is my intention to prove that Mister Worf was grossly negligent in his command of the Defiant. That his lust for combat overrode his good judgement. I ask only that he be returned to us to face the judgment of his own people. Thank you. Captain. (hands over a PADD) The witnesses I intend to call. A remarkable station, Captain. After this case is over, you might be seeing a lot more of us. When Worf is extradited, the Federation will be forced to admit that one of its officers committed a massacre. That will put you on the defensive throughout the quadrant. And while you're busy trying to repair a badly damaged reputation, we'll find ourselves with certain opportunities. Possibly. But in any case, Worf is about to present us with something we never could have won in battle. Sympathy. Any move we make against you will be seen as a legitimate response to an outrageous slaughter. And you are about to remind me that the burden of proof is mine. It's an interesting system of justice you have, Captain. It does have its flaws, however. It emphasises procedure over substance, form over fact. On the contrary. I look forward to fighting on your terms. The truth must be won. I'll see you on the battlefield. [Wardroom] I have studied Commander Worf's report, the Defiant's sensor logs, and the reports of the other officers on the Bridge. And I believe every word of it. It's a point of pride for the Federation that Starfleet officers never lie or commit fraud, so I will accept the facts of the case as they have been submitted. We Klingons are not concerned with matters of fact and circumstance. What matters to us is what was in Worf's heart when he gave the order to fire. Was he just a Starfleet officer doing his duty or was he a Klingon warrior revelling in the battle? That is why I am here. Because if he was a Klingon lost in the bloodlust of combat, only we can judge him, not you. Someone told me this was a search for the truth. Should we not follow that search wherever it takes us? I bow to your judgement. You're something of an expert on Klingon society, aren't you, Commander? In your opinion, as someone with a passing familiarity with our culture, wouldn't you say the Klingons are a violent, warrior race? Would you agree that one of the things that makes a Klingon warrior so formidable is his predatory instinct, his bloodlust, if you will? Now, when Worf was on the Defiant, engaged in combat, don't you think his predatory instinct took over? How do you know so much about how he behaves in battle? You mean you practiced with Mister Worf. You played with him. Have you ever been injured? Admiral, at this time I would like to enter into evidence files I obtained from the defendant's private database this morning. Ah. I see. Well, I obviously have no search order, so I'll ask you, Worf. May I enter this files into evidence? Or do you have something to hide? Commander Dax, are you familiar with a holosuite programme known as The Battle of Tong Vey? Describe it for us. A glorious battle. When Worf recreates it in the holosuite, what role does he play? Of course. The conqueror's role. One of our greatest heroes. Tell me, Commander, what was the final order Sompek gave to his men once they had conquered the city of Tong Vey? (Dax doesn't want to answer.) Commander? Everyone? Not just the soldiers, but the people of the town too? Civilians? Women? Children? Now, Commander, when Mister Worf runs this programme, does he give the final order to destroy the city and kill all of the inhabitants? Answer the question. Admiral, I ask that the witness be instructed to answer the question yes or no. Of course he does. Because he is a Klingon warrior. He doesn't have the same moral code as a Starfleet officer. He is one of us. A killer, a predator among sheep. I only have one more question for this witness, Admiral. Commander Dax, when was the last time Worf used that programme? The day before. The day before. I have nothing further. (Sisko's turn to be questioned) Captain, you ordered Worf to command the Defiant on the mission in question, did you not? How did you describe the mission to Worf? [Captain's office] Weren't you a little worried, Captain, that Worf, a famed Klingon Warrior, might jump at the chance for battle and forget about the plague victims? And you're sure you made your instructions perfectly clear? That Commander Worf knew he was on a humanitarian relief mission. That he was not being sent out to seek combat? Thank you, Captain. I have nothing further for you. Can we return to the matter at hand, please? Let's get back to Mister Worf. Describe what happened next What was his attitude? Did he seem afraid of the mission? Did he seem excited by the mission? Then what, exactly? [Quark's] I hope they do. Well, it would appear Commander Worf's hopes were answered. I have nothing further. [Security office] I'm curious, Chief. You said you stand by Commander Worf's decision. Do you agree with it? That's not my question. Do you agree with his decision? What if you were in command? What would you have done? Chief, how many years have you been in Starfleet? And how many combat situations have you been in? Try. For the record, Chief O'Brien has been in two hundred and thirty five separate engagements and Starfleet has decorated him fifteen times. I would like to have him declared an expert in the area of starship combat. Chief O'Brien, if Mister Worf had been injured could you have taken over command of that ship? Let's say that happened. You're in command. [Bridge] (O'Brien in the chair, a crewman at the helm.) Freeze that moment in time. Everything rides on your next decision. [Bridge] Do you fire? I'm sure they do. [Replimat] Captain Sisko. Mind if I sit down? (sits) I understand you're going to put Worf on the stand this afternoon. May I make a suggestion? Concede. Let me take him back to the Empire and I'll make sure he's not put to death. In fact, I'll defend him myself. What matters to me is the thrill of the fight, not which side I'm on. And I think we both know the extradition fight is over. As humans would say, that would be icing on the cake. I'm not worried, but you should be. [Corridor] Worf, why are you considered an outcast among Klingons? So, you acted out of conscience and you were punished for it. How do you feel about that? Angry? Bitter? Of course you are. Who wouldn't be? What happened affected your entire family. The House of Mogh was brought down. Your brother was ejected from the High Council in disgrace, your lands seized, and now your son Alexander has to bear the stigma of being the son of a traitor. Did I miss anything? In your opinion, what do they think of you in the Empire, Worf? Why? Because of what you did? Are you sure it's not something more basic? Isn't it obvious? You were raised by humans, on Earth. And now you wear their uniform. Haven't you really always been a traitor in your heart? Are you telling us that you live with humans but your heart is Klingon? But if your heart is Klingon, how could you fire upon your own people? Then why aren't you glad you destroyed that transport? It was filled with your enemies and their children. Are you telling me that you would never attack a defenceless opponent? Maybe I've been wrong about you. Maybe you aren't really Klingon in your heart. A true Klingon rejoices at the death of his enemies. Old, young, armed, unarmed. All that matters is the victory. Tell me, Worf, did you weep for those children? Grieve for them? A Klingon doesn't grieve. They died in a glorious battle! They are with the honoured dead in Sto-Vo-Kor! They do not want your grief. You dishonour their memories! I say this. You live with humans because you're afraid to live with Klingons. You'd like that, wouldn't you, Worf? You'd love to prove that you are as strong and courageous as any Klingon warrior. And that is why you told the Ferengi you hoped the Klingons do come for you. You wanted to prove yourself in the eyes of the only people that matter to you. Other Klingons. I apologise, Worf. Actually, I pity you. But the person I pity most is Alexander. Because one day he will come to you and ask, Father who am I? And you will have to tell him that he is the son of a small, frightened man who destroyed a ship full of children just to prove his own courage. (Worf hits Ch'Pok several times, knocking him down.) I thought you said you'd never attack an unarmed man. Perhaps you should have said, not unless I get angry, not unless I have something to prove. I rest my case. Captain's log, stardate 49665.3. The hearing is in recess and Admiral T'Lara has retired to her quarters to begin deliberations. I wish I could be more optimistic about her decision. [Captain's office] There is no formal relationship between our two governments. I would say there is potential for either label, but at the moment neither is entirely accurate. Difficult, but not impossible. There are things that transcend our differences. For example, we trust that this case can be decided fairly. We have faith in Admiral T'Lara's judgement. Well, it is only prudent that we question your motives now that we are no longer allies. I object to the question. It is vague and hypothetical. I have a poor imagination. These are the people who were killed on board the transport. The names and faces of these people are seared into my heart. This is a list of heroes who died at the hands of a coward. It is a list I can never forget. Children. Yes. Fate is a human concept. They simply boarded the wrong ship at the wrong time. I don't think I understand your line of No. I am not an expert on luck. Yes. [Worf's cabin]
