(carrying a tray and sounding embarrassed) Doctor McCoy.  Captain.  Oh.  Well, Mister Spock hasn't been eating, Doctor, and I, I just  happened to notice.  Yes, Mister Spock?  I don't understand.  I came to tell you that we are bound for Vulcan. We'll be there  in just a few days.  My name is Christine.  Oh, I'd be very glad to do that, Mister Spock. [Turbolift] Doctor, what's going on?  (The viewscreen lights up with the image of a very beautiful woman.) 
Doctor. Life function indicators. They've  started a sharp drop again.  Doctor, they seem to be stabilising. 
Shall prepare a mild sedative, Doctor?  What you've been through would've completely broken most of us.    I'm afraid that's against Doctor Coleman's orders.  Perhaps that can be arranged before we reach the Benecia  Colony.  Well, first we have to let you recuperate at Benecia. (offering  a drink) You'll feel better if you have a little.  Well  Well, I'll be right back. I'm glad you're feeling so much  better.  (Chapel leaves, Janice pours the drink on the floor and breaks the  glass against the bed. Then she uses it to cut the strap holding her  down)  [Sickbay - exam ward]
He's coming around, Doctor. 
Yes, Doctor.  [Bridge] Doctor McCoy!  (The two men struggle, while Chapel prepares a hypo and knocks the  attacker out.)  Doctor McCoy,  I have the diagnosis of the crewman who attacked engineer  Scott. It was definitely due to the deteriorative effects of  interspace.  Are we any closer, Doctor?  Results of the last theragen test are ready for you, Doctor. 
Everything appears normal, Doctor.  Recording your responses in this computer.  Lieutenant, please.  With a bedside manner like that, Scotty, you're in the wrong  business.  (Chapel leaves) 
All right, children. Each card is a different flavour. You take  your pick, and the computer will mix your favourite combination. Now,  what would you like? Call out your favourites.  Well, would you like a surprise, Stevie?  There, there now, Stevie. There are unpleasant surprises as  well as pleasant ones. That was your unpleasant surprise. Now, what  would you like for your pleasant surprise?  Well, coming right up.  All right. It's going to be a wonderful surprise.  (This bowl is a lot bigger.)  [Corridor] After this, we can all play games.  How do you like getting ice cream out of a computer?  Oh, of course.  Oh, I don't know about that. Parents like children.  I know. A swarm of bees.  Very good idea, Captain. 
Doctor?  I've checked the blood bank. There isn't enough Vulcan blood  and plasma to even begin such an operation of this type.  We've run a number of blood tests on Mister Spock. It isn't  true Vulcan blood either. It has human blood elements in it.  Already pulled. You're perfectly healthy, Mister Spock.  (monitoring Sarek) Doctor, the K2 factor is dropping.  Doctor McCoy?  The one who hit you?  Mister Spock's blood reproduction rate is up over two hundred  percent. Sarek's heartbeat has risen to three hundred and twenty four.  Blood pressure ninety over forty, dropping.  Mister Spock.  (Spock is starting to get up.)  Doctor, his heart's stopped.  The systems are off. 
(to Sevrin) You're next.  (The techs carry Sevrin into the next room. Chapel leaves and Irina  enters)  I thought all the animals were kept in cages. 
No reaction, Doctor.  Yes, sir.  Sound it out.  That's it, Uhura. That's very good. Now try the next one.  Not Swahili, Uhura. In English. The dog has a ball. See? B, ah,  ll. Ball. Now you go ahead.  That's right! Oh, that's right, Uhura. (they hug, then McCoy  beckons Chapel over) Oh, here. You try another one. I'll be right back.    Well, she's on the first grade reader. She's learning. Seems to  have an aptitude for mathematics. Do you think we can re-educate her,  Doctor? 
Autopsy report, Doctor.  Still unconscious, sir.  Continuing as rapidly as possible. His blood count is still  sixty percent less than normal. (leaves)  Transfusion completed, sir. His pulse and  respiration are still far below normal.  Yes, sir.  What's with the captain? I've never seen him like that before.  Hi. Everyone else is at alert station, so I  brought you some dinner.  Doctor's orders.  Are we still chasing that thing half way across the galaxy?  Yes. Has the captain lost his sense of balance? Maybe. Is the entire  crew about ready to explode? Positively. You're lucky you're out of it.    You know, self-pity's a terrible first course. Why don't you  try the soup instead?  Doctor McCoy thought you might say something like that. This is  his officially logged prescription for you. It has one word on it. Eat.  Now if you don't follow his orders, Doctor McCoy could and possibly  would have you hauled down to Sickbay and fed intravenously.  (She leaves, carrying the record tape.) [McCoy's office] (Chapel puts the record tape in McCoy's in-tray.)  Hmm? (picks up the tape again) This?  Applying psychology.  [Bridge]
Functioning.  I found him on the table. 
Yes, sir.  Metabolic rate is double and rising, Doctor.  Thank you.  Doctor?  I understand.  Yes, sir.  This hypo does not contain the same formula.  Without the same formula, Captain Kirk will die.  (He touches her forehead.)  I. I was. I wanted to say something. I've forgotten what it  was.  Yes, that, that was it. I will inform Doctor McCoy that each is  properly filled for each patient.  You'll find them excellent, Doctor. Well within normal.  Er, yes. I, er, I had something to say. I can't seem to  remember.  Yes. That must be it. I am so pleased the way they are  responding, Doctor. The formula's working perfectly.  Tired? Well, not at all, Doctor. Thank you for asking.  (Leaves a puzzled McCoy.)  [Laboratory] (Mulhall/Thalassa is looking at her reflection in a  metallic surface when Scott comes in with a small doo-dad.)  Doctor.  That is why I was summoned into Sickbay, Doctor. Mister Spock's  consciousness was placed in me. We shared consciousness together.  It was beautiful. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Doctor, the readings have never looked like that before, not  even on Mister Spock.  Doctor, that's not all you're going to do?  Doctor, there is more of it in him, entwined all through his  body.  Mister Spock.  Mister Spock.  (Spock leaves)  Bridge, this is Sickbay. Tell Doctor McCoy Mister Spock just  left here. [Bridge] Ready, Doctor.  Doctor, the results of the first tests on the creature's  remains.  (She leaves.) 
Ambassador, if Elasian women are that vicious, why are men so  overwhelmingly attracted to them? I mean, what magic do they possess?  Test number twenty four. Colladium trioxide  in algobarium solution. 
Yes, sir.  You mean he's conscious?  A good nurse always treats her patients that way. It proves  she's interested.  [Cave] The readings are beginning to fluctuate.  Yes, Doctor.  Do whatever he says?  Yes?  Hit you? No! I can't  Leave me alone!  Mister Spock needs me! Let go!  (M'Benga rushes in and helps Spock to sit up before giving him some  pretty vicious hits across the face. Scott stares, astonished. Finally  Spock grabs M'Benga's arm.)  Here, let me help you, Mister Spock.  Yes, I see you are.  [Tyree's camp] (Just slightly away from the tents, Kirk is giving  a rifle shooting lesson.) 
Doctor, what happened?  Stokaline? But, doctor, that's  But, Doctor 
Are we ever glad to see you.  I thought I was sleepwalking. I couldn't stop myself. Captain,  what is it? What's going on?  I'm so ashamed. Please make them stop.  Please, please make them stop.  For so long I've wanted to be close to you. Now all I want to  crawl away and die.  (Finally they are forced to kiss.) 
I am a nurse first, Doctor McCoy, and a  member of the crew of the Enterprise second.  No, I'm sorry, Doctor. I've called the Captain and I'll wait  until he comes.  (Kirk enters.)  A lot can happen in a year. Please, give  yourself every minute.  Excellent, Doctor. The white corpuscle count is back to normal.    (McCoy groans.) 
Does he recognise us? 
I know he's alive down there, Captain.  Roger's a very determined man. He'd find a way to live.  His last signal told about finding underground caverns.  Have you ever been engaged, Mister Spock? Yes, it's Roger.  Hello, Roger.  Yes, Roger.  Yes, Roger. Everything's all right now.  He said he'd be waiting.    Thank you.  Doctor Brown! It's Roger's assistant. Brownie, where's Roger?  (a man screams, they dash back to the pit. A figure is creeping away,  unseen)  Brownie, what is it?  Don't you recognise me?  I suppose living here for five years.  I don't remember Doctor Korby mentioning an Andrea.  Oh, I knew I'd find you.  Roger.  Roger, that  Where is Captain Kirk?  Yes, I am concerned.  Yes, let's start with Andrea.  How convenient.  Given a mechanical Doctor Brown, a mechanical geisha would be  no more difficult.  Did you?  Roger, what's happened to you? When I sat in your class, you  wouldn't even dream of harming an insect or an animal. Their life was  sacred to you then.  I don't know. They're exact. I honestly don't know.  Are you all right?  Yes, thank you.  Captain.  No, I'm not torn. I'm puzzled. I'm worried.  Nothing he hasn't told you. I know it doesn't make sense. What  he's done may seem wrong, but he is Roger Korby, whatever he seems to  be doing.  No. You're forgetting how well I know him. He's as sane as you  or I.  Please, don't ask me to make that choice. I'd much rather you  push me off the same precipice where Matthews died. Oh, I can't.  (pushes plate away) Please, go ahead and eat.  Roger, I. Ruk, no! (runs after him)  [Tunnels] Ruk, stop! Doctor Korby said you are to  obey me! Ruk! Ruk! Ruk, I order you not to harm him! (Kirk breaks off a stalactite to use as a club. RUk  hears the sound)  Are you, Roger?  But he'll never find us in this maze.  Don't you see, Roger? Everything you've done has proved it  isn't you.  Thank you for letting me make the decision,  Captain. I'm quite certain I'm doing the right thing. (leaves) 
The lab status report, Doctor.  His breathing rate is dropping, Doctor.  Yes, Doctor.  He's dead, Doctor.  Well.  Yes.  I know he was a friend of yours. This must be a terrible shock.  Sir?  The tranquillizer's wearing off.  Of course, Doctor.  [Bridge] He's gone to the lab.  Mister Spock.  Mister Spock, (takes his hand) the men from Vulcan treat their  women strangely. At least, people say that, but you're part human too.  I know you don't, you couldn't, hurt me, would you? I'm in love with  you, Mister Spock. You, the human Mister Spock, the Vulcan Mister Spock.  Christine, please. I see things, how honest you are. I know how  you feel. You hide it, but you do have feeling. Oh, how we must hurt  you, torture you.  The others believe that. I don't. I love you. I don't know why,  but I love you. I do love you just as you are. Oh, I love you.  Christine. 
Something's going on, Captain. Somebody's opened all the  medical supply cabinets.  Just disordered, as though someone had picked up everything and  examined it.  He's gone. 
But he's alive, alive!  But he was dead. Their doctors certified he was dead.  Then Mister Spock isn't a traitor, and you knew that and you  didn't  There's no such thing as a Vulcan death grip.  : Why? 
Come along, Ensign. This won't hurt. Much.  Easy, Captain. 
