The eminent scientist Alfred Russell Wallace has revived the theory that Earth is at the centre of the stellar universe. This distinguished natural philosopher has reaffirmed our planet as the only habitable globe in the heavens. A world, furthermore, constructed for the sole benefit of man. He's got a lot of folks excited about the notion. Your suspicions, Madam Guinan, are undoubtedly based upon your keen observational skills. Now, if you'll permit me, I'll continue my character assassination unimpeded. According to our best geologic estimate, the Earth is approximately one hundred million years of age. Perhaps it is less, perhaps more. Indeed. But regardless, it is ancient in the extreme. Now, geology also tells us that man himself has existed for but a microscopic fraction of those years. Curious, isn't it, that the world got by for such a great long while with no humans around to fill up space? I suppose Mister Wallace and his supporters would say that the Earth needed all that time to prepare itself for our illustrious arrival. Why, the oyster alone probably required fifteen million years to get it to come out just right. Quite my point. Man becomes a trivial creation, does he not? Lost in the vastness of the cosmic prairie, adrift on the deep ocean of time. A single one among countless others. Someone might say that, dear lady, if someone thought that the human race was akin to a precious jewel. But this increasingly hypothetical someone would not be me. [Entrance hall] A starship? What registry would that be? Eavesdropping is by no means a proper activity for a gentleman. Nonetheless, the deed is done. Captain's log, stardate 45965.3. An away team has beamed to the surface with a device which may enable them to phase-shift into the alien world. [Devidia cavern]
Starship? I have long been interested in the notion of time travellers. In fact, I wrote a book about it. It chronicles the tale of a man of our era who fouled the sixth century by introducing newfangled gadgets and weapons all in the name of progress. This idea of time travel is not so far fetched as it might seem. In fact, I have learned that, even now, there are people from the future right here in San Francisco and I have no doubt that their intent is to foul our world just as my Yankee did in King Arthur's time. Well, sir, let me serve notice. As soon as I have the necessary evidence, I intend to expose them and make it absolutely clear that they are not welcome here. The name's Clemens, son. Sam Clemens. That's with an e. Excuse me. (As Clemens follows Data, the Devidians walk the other way) [Morgue] Of course not, Jack. And I assure you that Mister Data would be most upset if you didn't. If I can't find that Letter of Intent that he left me, our major investor is going to pull out and take his business elsewhere. Engine? Oh, yes. Yes, this is exactly what it's all about. Ow! (he gets a shock from it) About what? Young man, I have a maxim that I have always lived by. No one is more qualified to write your story than you are. As long as you write what you know. You got any passions, boy? Any dreams? That's a great idea, son. That's exactly what I would do if I were your age. Alaska, the Klondike, the Aurora Borealis. That's it. Follow your dreams and write about 'em. You do that, son. I'm sure I will. Goodbye now. Bye-bye. (and ushers Jack out of the room and locks the door so he can examine the Contraption closely. There's the sound of a door, and Clemens hides in the wardroom. Data and Guinan enter) Madame Guinan. Mister Data. Shame, madam? I think not. I find no shame in my efforts to uncover your plot. Yes, you do keep telling me that. What an interesting pair you are. Where in Switzerland did you say you were from, Mister Data? Oh yes, that's right, now I remember. A Frenchman with a talent for poker, from what I hear. You know, I was talking to a friend of mine, Ches Whitley. He says to say hello and wonders when you're coming back. No? He works at the County Assayer's office. He says you've been in there a number of times claiming to be a geological engineer and wanting information about mining operations during the 1850's. You remember him now? Yes, I know. And in the Hall of Records, and in the Geological Society, and a little-known mineral shop in Chinatown. You do get around, don't you? I must admit you've got me mystified. This contraption, for instance. It's very unusual. It looks quite futuristic. Tell me, might it have something to do with time shifts? Do not insult me. You have come here to this century and brought your infernal technology with you for God only knows what purpose, but I have no doubt it will be the people of this century who will suffer for it. Pardon me, Madam Guinan, but it is my business too. It is the business of all humanity, I believe, to stop both of you from whatever it is you are doing here. And that is what I intend to do. [Sisters of Hope Infirmary] (Picard is up a ladder working on a gas lamp) Hello, son. Writer's curiosity. I heard that two people vanished into thin air in this Infirmary. I bet they do. Well, what did these outlaws look like? Oh. Mister Data. You bet I do. You say there were others with him? His accomplices. They've come from the future. My God, it's an invasion. (he hails a cab) When's your deadline, boy? I'll meet you at your paper at four thirty with a story that will make your career. Take me to the Presidio, driver, and don't spare the whip. [Cavern] An event I would most certainly enjoy witnessing. However, I will regretfully waive that opportunity for the privilege of taking you all in to the authorities. Mister Data, I have listened to your stories and your excuses and your evasions, and I will listen no longer. It is my moral duty to protect mankind from whatever devious plan you have in mind. Now, move along. I suspect that even time travellers are vulnerable to the Colt forty five. Now, let's go. I made a young fellow a promise and I don't want to be late. (the two aliens appear and the male grabs the cane from Troi. Data tackles him and gets it back. The cane activates, the woman disappears, there's a flash, everyone is thrown to the floor and Data's head comes adrift. The time portal is open. The male runs through it) Where are we? And when? Well it seems to me I have as much right to be in your time as you had to be in mine. I wanted to see how you've conducted my future affairs. The affairs of mankind. Thank you. I only took advantage of an irresistible opportunity, as any good writer would. Where are we now? Security? What for? Are you afraid I'm going to go around stealing things? (Worf enters) A werewolf! Madam, I'd be delighted. So, this is a space ship? You ever run into Halley's comet? [Cavern] (Guinan is just coming round) Any place that doesn't stock a good cigar doesn't rank high in my book. You think one of these imitations can take the place of a hand wrapped Havana? Well, that's the problem I see here. All this technology it only serves to take away life's simple pleasures. You don't even let a man open the door for a lady. Oh? Well, I'm not so impressed with this future. Huge starships, and weapons that can no doubt destroy entire cities, and military conquest as a way of life? Well, I know what you say, that this is a vessel of exploration and that your mission is to discover new worlds. (a Bolian comes out of the turbolift as they get in) [Turbolift] That's what the Spanish said. And the Dutch and the Portuguese. It's what all conquerors say. I'm sure that's what you told that blue-skinned fellow I just saw, before you brought him here to serve you. So there're a privileged few who serve on these ships, living in luxury and wanting for nothing. But what about everyone else? What about the poor? You ignore them. Young lady, I come from a time when men achieve power and wealth by standing on the backs of the poor, where prejudice and intolerance are commonplace and power is an end unto itself. And you're telling me that isn't how it is anymore? Well, maybe it's worth giving up cigars for after all. [Science lab] (the one where Lal was born and Picard de-Borgified) My watch. Mister Data, I fear I sadly misjudged you. As I have misjudged many things. [Cavern] (the female alien is waking up, and flickering between human and alien) Then I have the perfect solution for you. I'm the one who should return to the nineteenth century and remain there so your Captain can return here. There's risk in everything. The point is, it's the right choice. I've got more books to write, and your Captain has a job to do here. I'm glad I have the chance to thank you. Why, for starting me out on the greatest adventure a man's ever had. And for helping a bitter old man to open his eyes and see that the future turned out pretty well after all. [Cavern] This thing put me down in the middle of Market Street. Took forever to get here. [Bridge] No time for chit chat, sir. According to Mister La Forge, who did get your message by the way, a frequency setting of point oh four seven on your phaser will correctly activate this creature. I promise you she will be attended to. I'll settle it. You'll just have to read my books. What I am is pretty much there. Now be careful, boys. Don't jostle her too much. Don't worry, Madam Guinan, you're going to be fine. (as young Guinan is stretchered away, Clemens picks up his broken watch then puts it down again to be found with the other artefacts in 500 years time) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
