We grow visible. Attend the cloaking system.  That Earth outpost called to an Earth vessel. Now it follows  us.  Perhaps so, but my judgment prevails.  It is good we approach the Neutral Zone. Not too soon for me  to see the stars of home. I know they are following.  First study the enemy, seek weakness. If I were their  commander, that is what I would do.  A message was dispatched. You've broken the rule of silence.    Your carelessness might have ended this glorious mission.  You're reduced two steps in rank. Return to post.  Danger and I are old companions.  I think you do. No need to tell you what happens when we  reach home with proof of the Earthmen's weakness. And we will have  proof. The Earth commander will follow. He must. When he attacks, we  will destroy him. Our gift to the homeland, another war.  Must it always be so? How many comrades have we lost in this  way?  Obedience. Duty. Death and more death. Soon even enough for  the Praetor's taste. Centurion, I find myself wishing for destruction  before we can return. Worry not. Like you, I am too well-trained in my  duty to permit it. Continue evasive manoeuvres. Now, back to the first  course. [Bridge] How pleasing to the eye it is. Behold a  marvel in the darkness.  Its many particles will obscure their sensing device,  Centurion.  Once fully obscured, we will turn suddenly back upon our  adversary.  Clear?  Escape manoeuvre one, quickly! [Bridge] Divert all power to weapons. [Bridge] Activate our cloak.  Quickly!  Its commander is not one to repeat a mistake. [Bridge] Evasive action. The Earth ship again.  (They are hit by phaser fire again) [Bridge] No need. The Centurion is dead.  No. No, he's shrewd, this starship commander. He tries to  make us waste energy. He has estimated we have only enough. It is time.  All debris into disposal tubes.  The body of the Centurion, too. Forgive me, my old friend,  but I must use all my experience now to get home. [Bridge] Shh. He is there, somewhere. I feel it. Captain's log, supplemental. Now motionless for  nine hours, forty seven minutes. [Kirk's quarters] (Yeoman Rand walks in without knocking, to find the  Captain lying on his bed.)  We have him. Move toward him. [Bridge] He's a sorcerer, that one. He reads the thoughts in my  brain. Our fuel supply all but gone and he stays out of reach.  Perhaps we can yet save your Praetor's pride for him. More  debris into the tubes. Decius, do we have the old-style nuclear  warheads aboard?  Place one with the debris. Proximity fuse.  Now we go home.  We've damaged ourselves. Our fuel reserve is gone.  I do not trust their Captain.  We will attack, but on my order. [Phaser control] No. No, that is not our way. I regret that  we meet in this way. You and I are of a kind. In a different reality, I  could have called you friend.  We are creatures of duty, Captain. I have  lived my life by it. Just one more duty to perform.  (He goes to the control console, turns a switch, and the whole ship  explodes)  [Sickbay]
Captain Kirk.  I don't think so, but we have an important matter to  discuss. And your superficial courtesies are an overture to that  discussion. You are the first officer?  I speak first with the Captain. You may wait outside.  (Spock and the two guards leave)  The matter of trespass into Romulan space is one of galactic  import, a violation of treaties. Now I ask you simply, what is your  mission here?  A starship? One of the Starfleet's finest vessels? You're  saying instrument failure as radical as you suggest went unnoticed  until you were well past the Neutral Zone?  I see. But you were able to navigate with this malfunction?  But I doubt it'll clear you of espionage.  Your language has always been most difficult for me,  Captain. Perhaps you have another word for it.  Captain, if a Romulan vessel ventured far into Federation  territory without good explanation, what would a starbase commander do?  You see, it works both ways. I hardly believe you are the injured  party. Spock, come in.  (Spock and the guards enter.)  The captain has made his statement.  I must admit some surprise on seeing you, Spock. We were not  aware of Vulcans aboard the Enterprise.  Quite so. Yet there are certain ships, certain officers,  that are known to us. Your situation appears most interesting.  He is a Vulcan. Our forebears had the same roots and  origins. Something you wouldn't understand, Captain. We can appreciate  the Vulcans, our distant brothers. I have heard of Vulcan integrity and  personal honour. There's a well-known saying, or is it a myth, that  Vulcans are incapable of lying?  Then tell me truthfully now, by your honour as a Vulcan,  what was your mission?  It is unworthy of a Vulcan to resort to subterfuge.  Then there is a truth here that remains unspoken.  There is Mister Spock's unspoken truth. You knew of the  cloaking device that we have developed. You deliberately violated  Romulan space with a blatant spy mission, by order of the Federation.  We have not even begun! There's no force that I can use on a  Vulcan that will make him speak. That is a fact. But there are Romulan  methods completely effective against humans and human weaknesses.  Then they will leave him dead, or what might be worse than  dead. But I will know your unspoken truths.  (into comm. system) Attention, Enterprise, I am speaking to  you from the Romulan flagship. [Bridge] It was Captain Kirk who was solely  responsible. Since the crew had no choice but to obey orders, the crew  will not be held responsible. Therefore, I am ordering Engineer Scott,  presently in command of the Enterprise, to follow the Romulan flagship [Bridge] You humans make a brave noise. There are ways to convince  you of your errors.  Take him to the security room.  (Kirk is dragged out, struggling.)  A Vulcan among humans. Living, working with them. I would  think the situation would be intolerable to you.  To whom is your allegiance then? Do you call yourself Terran  or Vulcan?  How long have you been a Starfleet officer, Spock?  And you serve Captain Kirk. Do you like him? Do you like  your shipmates?  Possibly, but you are subordinate to Captain Kirk's orders,  even to his whims.  You are a superior being. Why do you not command?  Or is it that no one has offered you, a Vulcan, that  opportunity?  For someone with your capabilities and accomplishments,  opportunities are made and will be. I will see to that, if you'll stop  looking on the Federation as the whole universe. It is not, you know.  You must have your own ship.  Of course. It would be a great achievement for me to bring  home the Enterprise intact. It would broaden the scope of my powers  greatly. It would be the achievement of a lifetime. And it would open  equal opportunities for you.  (Kirk is finally flung into the Romulan brig, where he tests out the  pain-giving properties of the force-field across the doorway.)  [McCoy's quarters] Yes? I'll come there. Attend me. [Romulan Corridor] (Two guards walk a discreet distance behind them.)  I neglected to mention, I'll expect you for dinner. We have  much to discuss.  Allow me to rephrase. Will you join me for dinner?  Mister Spock. That corridor is forbidden to all but loyal  Romulans.  I hope that one day there will be no need for you to observe  any restrictions.  Are you the doctor?  Captain Kirk's condition?  Then by your own standards of normality, this man is not  fully competent.  Mister Spock has stated that he believes the captain had no  authority or order to cross the Neutral Zone. Could this mental  incapacity have afflicted him earlier?  Mister Spock, the doctor has now confirmed your testimony as  to the mental state of your captain. He was and is unfit to continue in  command of the Enterprise. That duty has fallen on you. Are you ready  to exercise that function?  That's enough, Doctor. As a physician, your duty is to save  lives. Mister Spock's duty is to lead the Enterprise and its crew to a  safe haven.  I've had special Vulcan dishes prepared  for you. I hope they're to your liking.  We have other inducements.  (She offers him a glass of blue liquid. He accepts, they silently toast  each other and drink.) [Transporter room] (Kirk is in Romulan uniform)  You have nothing in Starfleet to which to return. I offer,  we offer you an alternative. We will find a place for you, if you wish  it.  With me. Romulan women are not like Vulcan females. We are  not dedicated to pure logic and the sterility of non-emotion. Our  people are warriors. Often savage. But we are also many other pleasant  things.  As a Vulcan, you would study it. As a human you would find  ways to appreciate it.  I am so glad. Now one final step to make the occasion  complete. You will lead a small party of Romulans aboard the  Enterprise, and there you will take your rightful place as its  commander. And you will lead the ship to a Romulan port, with my  flagship at its side.  Yes. Yes, it will, Mister Spock. You do know I have a first  name.  Well, I do. Would you like to hear it?  (She whispers in his ear.)  If you will give me a moment, the soldier will transform  herself into a woman.  (She leaves the room.)  Is my attire now more appropriate, Mister Spock?  It's hard to believe that I can be so moved by the touch of  an alien hand.  Mister Spock, we mustn't question what we truly feel. Accept  what is happening between us, even as I do.  (The doorbell buzzes)  Not now, Tal.  Enter.  Locate its source.  The cloaking device. Bring him. [Cloaking device room] (Kirk manages to get in and starts looking around.)    Full alert. Search all decks.  (Tal and a guard leave.)  You must be mad.  Why would you do this to me? What are you that you could do  this?  Return to your station, Sub-commander.  The boarding action on the Enterprise will begin with my command. If  they resist, destroy her.  (Tal leaves.)  Execution of state criminals is both painful and unpleasant.  I believe the details are unnecessary. The sentence will be carried out  immediately after the charges have been recorded.  You understand Romulan tradition well. The right is granted.    It should take less time than that to find your ally, who  stole the cloaking device. You will not die alone. Recording the  Romulan Right of Statement. Proceed, Commander Spock.  Everyone carries out his duty. You state the obvious, Spock.    Very well. Your twenty minutes is almost up. [Bridge] I would give you credit, Captain, for getting this far. But  you will be dead in a moment and the credit would be gratuitous.  Destroy this vessel. I gave you a direct command! Tal!  You see, Captain? Your effort is being  wasted.  Of course. It's expected.  You are very generous, Captain. If I may be taken to your  brig, I will take my place as your prisoner.  Captain.  The Federation. And what did you want?  And that's exactly all you came away with.  You realise that very soon we will learn to penetrate the  cloaking device you stole.  It was your choice.  It will be our secret.  [Bridge]
