I'm reading one life form, very weak signs. (they go to the square-shaped wreckage and lift a piece of metal off a body with pale skin and lots of cybernetic implants) Leave him here. He won't survive. I don't. He's not dead. At least not yet. Let me at least stabilise his condition, give him a chance of surviving until they get here. [Bridge] I'm afraid we've turned that corner already. He suffered massive internal injuries. We've been able to control the haemorrhaging, but some of the implants in his brain were damaged. I may have to remove them. Perhaps Geordi can construct some new implants. Infect it? You make it sound like a disease. A question. What exactly is total systems failure? I just think we should be plain about that. We're talking about annihilating an entire race. There's been no formal declaration of war. But even in war there are rules. You don't kill civilians indiscriminately. How convenient. When I look at my patient, I don't see a collective consciousness. I don't see a hive. I see a living, breathing boy who's been hurt and who needs our help. And we're talking about sending him back to his people as an instrument of destruction. What's he doing? He must be hungry. The Borg don't ingest food. Their implants can synthesise any organic molecules the biological tissues require. What they need is energy. If I didn't know better, I'd think he was scared. [Gymnasium] (Picard is fencing and beating an opponent who turns out to be - ) Like a rat in a cage. So he can participate in the destruction of his entire species. I know, I know. We're at war. I'm here to help but I don't have to like it. Hello. A doctor heals the sick and repairs the injured. That isn't what happen to you. When we found you, you were dying. I saved your life. It's my duty to help those who are hurt. I'd like to show you a few diagrams and ask you some questions about them. It's very simple really. You mean our names. We don't have designations. We have names. I'm Beverly. This is Geordi. I'm Beverly, he's Geordi, and you. You Okay. Now, I'm Beverly. Now imagine what this shape would look like if it were turned inside out. Which one is it? That's right. He's gotten every one. Eight out of eight. That blows the top right off the spatial-acuity percentiles. Like some kind of holographic imaging system. Hugh, do you understand we don't want to be assimilated? Because we don't want to live the way you do. I think what you're saying is that you're lonely. But if we erase his memory, who he is or who he has become would be destroyed. Is there any danger that the Borg might destroy him if they find out what's happened? I have a question. What if he doesn't want to go back? [Ready room] Goodbye, Hugh. It was nice getting to know you. But, Captain, they kidnapped you.
Bring the stasis units in here, and have them online. Tell Doctor Selar she can use ward three for the ambulatory cases, and I'll stay here. Acknowledged. Stand clear and be ready. (Worf is carrying Picard, Riker and a security man have their phasers out, and a security woman is supporting an injured colleague) What happened? He's in cardiac arrest. Connect the pulmonary support units. He's got internal haemorrhaging. The bioregulator of his artificial heart's been fused. He's got liver and spleen damage. What kind of weapon caused this? Forty cc's inaprovaline. The activity in the isocortex is falling. Cortical stimulators. Now. (Picard jerks) Again. His respiratory system is shutting down. The levels in the isocortex are still falling. Damn. Prepare a four percent series [Limbo] (A bright white void. There is a figure also in shimmering white nearby). Picard touches it's hand and then sees who it is.) His vital signs are stable. Captain. Jean-Luc. You've been injured, but I think you're going to be all right. [Observation lounge]
It's all right. It's all right. Enterprise, beam Martinez and his patient directly to Sickbay. I've got to get down there. (Oji hides and watches as Crusher runs down to Liko, scans him then makes her decision) Crusher to Enterprise. Medical emergency. Two to beam directly to Sickbay. (to nurse) You increased the levels of tricordrazine? (re Barron) Let me see his chart, please. (dialogue too faint to make out, and Picard enters) Before you start quoting me the Prime Directive, he'd already seen us. The damage was done. It was either bring him aboard or let him die. Because we were responsible for his injuries. By erasing short term recall? I am familiar with Doctor Pulaski's technique. I can't guarantee it will be effective on Mintakan brain chemistry. Their lie-zone levels are much lower. Doctor Barron, you're on the Enterprise. You're safe. Damn. Barron is stable, but Warren is still critical. Captain, if he is still alive, he needs medical attention. We must send an away team to locate him. Crusher to Picard. I think we're going to lose Warren. Prepare two cc's of norep. (but Mary Warren gives up the struggle to breathe) I'm sorry. (Crusher and Barron leave, and Nuria approaches the death bed)
We're picked up life-signs, humanoid, very faint and fading. [Planet surface] (A harsh, rocky place littered with bits of metal) He's not stable enough for transport. There's damage to his brain stem, autonomic functions are failing. His heart needs active neurofeedback. It can't regulate itself. I need a volunteer. I'm going to hook your nervous systems to the tricorder. Your brain will regulate both systems. That should stabilise him long enough to get him up to the ship. Take deep, regular breaths. If anything goes wrong I'll break the connection. Geordi! Transporter room, three to beam directly to Sickbay. [Sickbay - room four] Autonomic responses are still low. Begin cardiostimulation. Sixty cc's of inaprovaline. Massive infection is setting in. Use the protodynoplaser to stabilize his immune system. We need to design a virus that can infiltrate his cell structure and boost his ATP production. I need you to give him a full bioscan. See if there's any residual effect from that energy discharge during the neurolink. Keep his arm in cryogenic stasis until the vital signs are strong enough to begin surgical procedures. [Bridge] (Picard is holding an oversized blue plastic bottle or tube) That's all we can do for now. We won't be able to test neuromuscular function for a few days. (Geordi enters) Ah, Geordi. No need to keep you here. Your bioscan came out negative. I never thought he'd make it this far. There was major trauma to his head and chest cavity, massive plasma loss, and severe damage to most of his organs. I believe he's going to live. I'm afraid I can't take the credit for it, though. His body seems to have amazing recuperative powers. The damaged tissue seems to be repairing itself at a phenomenal rate. There's one thing that troubles me though. Take a look at this. (She pulls up a large wall display of green things running through blood vessels) Yes. The thing is, it has nothing to do with the injuries. These are undamaged cells that seem to be mutating. No. I've never seen anything like it in my life. There is a possibility that it's part of his natural healing process. I hope it is, because there's nothing I can do to stop it. [Ten Forward] You certainly are. Are you experiencing any discomfort? Your neurofibre waves are functioning almost normally again. That puts you about six weeks ahead of my original schedule. You are all we've talked about since your arrival. You are right. It is time you stopped taking up valuable bed space. Now these motor-assist bands will provide you with electrical stimulation for your arms and legs. They will help you re-learn how to control your muscles again. But remember, you've been off your feet for almost a month, so don't be disappointed if at first your mobility is restricted. Your limbs are still weak. Whoops. Let's try again, a little more slowly this time. His neural nets don't conform to any known patterns. Conventional neurotherapy has proven ineffective. Hopefully, in time, his memory pathways will reestablish themselves naturally. (John winces) That same pain? This is nothing to do with his previous wounds. I think this has something to do with the continuing mutation of his cell structure. It doesn't make any sense. What happened to you? You dislocated your shoulder. Sit down, I'll get the osteotractor frame. Seven thirty sharp. I'll be right back. It's completely healed. I don't understand. What did you do? I've run every test and scan on him that I can think of, and yet there's no physiological evidence to indicate that he would possess such powers. But then, there's so much about John that's a mystery. He does have a certain charm doesn't he? The entire medical staff has commented on it. He has a strength and serenity that I find very attractive. And yet he's vulnerable. I guess I find him intriguing. Is this your way of asking me if I'm getting romantically involved with him? My feelings toward him aren't romantic exactly. I mean, I know that the doctor-patient relationship can sometimes create a false sense of intimacy, but this is different. There's an almost spiritual connection. I guess I'm not making any sense, am I? John, your memory, has it returned? There were others with you? Hopefully, by then you will have regained more of your memory. We can see the rest of it some other time. This is your first day out of Sickbay and I don't want you to overexert yourself. My thoughts exactly. What is? That surprises you? You mean the energy pulse? The pain, the energy pulse, must be linked to the cell mutation in the body. I wish I could help you find the truth. But you have. The friendship we've developed has made me very happy. John, tell me. Is it worse than before? No. The readings are fluctuating too wildly. Besides, it wouldn't do any good. His entire cell structure is transforming. John, where do you have to go? That's impossible. Not in your condition. Security. [Shuttlebay] (Two engineers are working on the El-Baz) John! John, listen to me. You must come down. I'll try to help you. His neck is broken. No life signs. Sickbay, form a resuscitation team. I have a code seven in shuttlebay two. Transporter room, stand by. No, don't. (John has come down. He sends a glow through Worf, who comes back to life) Hold still. I can't believe it. There's no trace of injury. [Ready room] (John is stiff and uncomfortable on a chair) And healed him. The rate of metamorphosis is accelerating. It's almost as if your body were generating an electrical field that's warping the tissue. John, I don't believe you're capable of harming any Captain, you can't seriously be considering You're going to tell me it's irrelevant that we'd be sending him to his death. Sunad called John a disruptive influence. That's hardly a capital offence. But we are involved. I saved his life. For what? So that they could chase him down and take away that life away? [Bridge] I can't breathe. (He gives her the golden glow)
You're fine, but your psilosynine levels are a little low. It's been depleted by your work with the Cairn. You're going to have to try to avoid telepathic communication for a while. Why? Lwaxana, I'm sorry, but you're going to have to take some time and rest. She's not responding to cortical stimulation. I'm not sure what else I can do. It's so strange. It's almost as if her brain has shut itself down. I'm running a subneural scan. As far as I can see there's no tissue damage, no neurochemical imbalance, no sign of infection, nothing. The only exception is in the paracortex. Activity there is almost off the scale. It's a possibility. Have you been able to sort any of it out? Metaconscious? Has your mother mentioned anything that happened to her lately, something that might have been traumatic for her? Maques could be wrong about this. There's still a chance that a subneural scan might be able to pinpoint an physiological cause for your mother's condition, something that I might be able to treat. The results won't be in until morning. Maybe we should all try and get some rest. All right. [Sickbay] If we could decipher these images, we might be able to determine whether or not your mother's condition was induced by a traumatic event. I'll be monitoring her throughout the entire procedure. If anything goes wrong, Maques can break the telepathic link. And I haven't found a physiological cause for what's happened to your mother, which makes me feel that Maques was right when he said that your mother's condition was precipitated by a traumatic event. Does your mother keep personal logs or a journal? (to nurse) Thank you. Deanna, you understand that if your paracortical readings go too high again, I'm going to tell Maques to sever the connection.
Is it just Riker? Are you getting any life signs? Clever. Ow! My arm. Oh, it's bad. What's wrong? Why aren't they working? I must keep conscious. [Planet Surface] I'm tired. I must have lost a lot of blood. No, there's another wound. My leg. (He brushes the dirt off her leg and she winces) I've heard that before. The wound needs a clotting agent. Those roots. What are they? Break off a piece and taste it. Don't swallow it. Apply some to your hand. Is there a colour change? Good. Now, spread as much of it as you can onto the wound. The patient's going into shock. Elevate the legs and try to keep her warm. You didn't happen to bring a blanket with you, did you? No exits? If you find one, go. I'm tired. I need to sleep. Woke up too early. My grandmother. No. No. She helped to colonise Arveda Three. Yes. Once the medical supplies had run out, she had to use what was at hand. So she learned all about roots and herbs, and then taught it to me. Quite a few. What is it? Tracking what? Who's that? It doesn't understand anything other than what it's peddling. Why don't you just shut it off? Why not? It's a machine, isn't it?
Sir, it's been brought to my attention one of the crew has been neglecting his health again. It's a classic case of stress-related ailments brought on by overwork. Exhaustion, irritability, muscle spasms. Yet he insists on ignoring them. And I plan to keep it that way. A week's shore leave. Jean-Luc, I could make that an order. You loathe going on vacations. Once you're there you have a marvellous time. You told me your four days on Zytchin Three were wonderful. Watching some technician fill deuterium tanks is not my idea of fun. Forget the holodeck. Isn't there someplace you want to go? The last thing you need is serious thought. Jean-Luc, why don't you go some place beautiful, where you can relax and be pampered. You deserve it. Captain.
Signal from the Captain. They need you at the debriefing. We have our top specialists working on its construction, Mister Data. If we should need to compare this with the way you're put together? (Data nods) [Observation Lounge] And these small projections? I won't mention it to anyone. You have my word. I guess I would. [Sickbay] (Data and his twin are lying on biobeds, as the Argyle and Crusher gaze at Data's magnified innards) Let's close up. (Later, Riker and Picard enter) You're watching everything he does, Data? Is that the act of a brother? Wes, tell me again how Data said he immobilised Lore. Question, Mister Data. Did you or did you not swear me to secrecy about your off switch? My God. (The Enterprise is dwarfed by the Entity) Shut up, Wesley? Shut up, Wesley! You're putting me off the Bridge? I'll look. But I shouldn't have let you talk me into this. This is very serious. You're being very unfair, Wes. (She switches Data on) How badly are you hurt, Data? If you take one step toward my son Move away, Data. Please.
Could the fact that Lieutenant Kwan was partially empathic have anything to do with it? I'm not sure, but certainly the feelings Troi described are consistent with suicide. I don't think I'd recommend that right now. You're showing elevated levels of psilosynine. It's a neurotransmitter involved in telepathy. The experience overwhelmed you the first time. I think you should wait until your levels return to normal. Three, maybe four hours. Maybe you were seeing it through his eyes? What does it all mean? I could give you an inhibitor that would slow the brain's production of psilosynine. That might be able to suppress your empathic abilities and make the experience more manageable. It would take about sixteen hours to synthesise the inhibitor. I've synthesised the inhibitor. Please come to Sickbay whenever you're ready. [Troi's quarters] This should take effect immediately. It's hard to say for sure, but I can always increase the dosage if it's not enough. (Worf enters with Calloway) This dosage should prevent any further empathic flashes. I'd say these fragments had been in the wall about seven or eight years. You said something happened when the panel was opened. I wonder if the fragments themselves could have somehow triggered your experience. I'll run a resonance scan, see if anything turns up. It says she was reported missing from Utopia Planitia on stardate 40987.2. Eight years ago. But how did her body become embedded in a bulkhead? Then whose? But you saw him there. A reflection.
Geordi, hi. What can I do for you? Sit down. Let's take a look. You couldn't sleep at all? Would you take off your visor, please? Is there something on your mind? Well, everybody goes through these occasional bouts of insomnia. There's probably nothing to worry about. Let's just make sure there's nothing physically wrong. There's a minor vascular irregularity in the visual cortex. A slight dilation of the blood vessels. It's nothing serious. What about your visor? Has it been giving you any problems lately? All the same, it might be a good idea to have it examined when we get to Starbase thirty six next month. In the meantime, I will get you a somnetic inducer to put by your bed. It'll help you to sleep.
Jean-Luc, I need to talk to you about Something for Breakfast. The play. That's no problem. Well, you wouldn't be playing one of the leads. It's a very small part. Only two lines. You play the butler. You would be wonderful, Jean-Luc. We're rehearsing today at one thirty. (Crusher leaves) Okay, let's work through Act two from the beginning. Whenever you're ready. (Riker mimes entering through a door, then reads from his PADD) Hold it. Will, what are you reading? That's not the right dialogue. (She takes his PADD) Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses contribute to What? The play's gone. I just keep getting more poetry. [Engineering] (Geordi has the PADDs in pieces) You will let me know if you find the play?
How can you simply deliver her like a courier into a life of virtual prostitution. I'm surprised at you. She has been conditioned since the day she was born to believe it's perfectly acceptable to exist only to please men. And bred by those people to seal a treaty with a seductive coup de grace. That slave trader who calls himself an ambassador, he has confined her to her quarters. She is a virtual prisoner in there. Well, it is your ship. Maybe there are a few things you should find out about. Good. Lovely breakfast. We've been able to stabilise his condition. If we're lucky he'll regain consciousness in a few days. Set up level one cranio-sacral display. Quiet this morning. Penny? For your thoughts. Penny for your thoughts. I'm sure the replicator will have one on file. Captain. Of course. Mine? The metamorph? And you're saying there's nothing you can do about it? I wish I knew how I could help. Oh, it's there for you, Jean-Luc. It always has been. [Kamala's quarters]
Let's increase the flow rate and see if that helps. (she picks up an instrument that fell to the floor as she passed the table) [Torpedo bay]
The society is genetically integrated. Suddenly there would be gaps, missing pieces. There must be something we can do to help.
My God! Survivors? Down there? It must be some kind of illusion. If they're the only survivors of a nuclear holocaust, they can't be in very good shape. What about the colony? Do you know of any other survivors? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm only performing a physical. Could I have your names, please, just for the record. They're in reasonably good health. Both show signs of stress, which is understandable considering what they've been through. What could two botanists in their eighties possess that could possibly aid whoever attacked the planet? Nothing in the tricorder readings indicated they were under that kind of stress. Is there anything I can do? [Corridor] Please. I'm here to help. Move her to the bed. (two assistants get Troi out of the chair) This will help you relax. Take her to Sickbay. I can get you to sleep. I can induce delta sleep. Lock out even your deepest dreams. I don't understand it. I've inhibited almost all the activity of the neocortex and she continues to behave as if she's hearing the music. We're going to have to shield her from all outside stimuli by inducing coma. [Bridge] (Red alert) Sixty-six. None. We've been able to treat everyone. [Troi's quarters] I've done everything I can. I don't understand the nature of this music she says she's hearing, or where it's coming from. Yes. But I'm not the expert at determining that. Who's stopping her? What? You had the power to stop them but you didn't? Why did you try to hide this from all of us? Was it out of guilt for not helping Rishon and the others when they were alive?
It isn't really the train itself that I'm interested in. It's the experience. The Orient Express is romantic, mysterious, an elegant way to see exotic places and meet fascinating people. Do you know that one time, on one trip, both Sigmund Freud and Gertrude Stein just happened to be in the same car? They ended up having dinner together every night. Why don't you take a trip yourself and find out? Don't forget the trip, Jean-Luc. Think about it. You never know who you'll meet on the Orient Express. Captain's log, stardate 47869.2. After weathering an unexpected magnascopic storm in the Mekorda Sector, we are continuing our search for new Federation colony sites. [Bridge] How does that explain what's happening to the Enterprise? In a sense, it almost reproduces with the replicators. The characters you spoke to, do they have any significance? The injuries you suffered on the holodeck weren't severe, but next time they might kill you. There are some species whose sole purpose is to reproduce. Once they finally procreate, they die.
The entire Bridge crew. We're almost finished with the autopsies, Captain. It's complicated. The dead were found all over the ship. Some were found locked in their rooms, barricaded, with weapons piled all around them. Others were found in the corridors where they'd obviously had hand to hand combat. It's going to take some time to analyse and sort through the details. We've identified him as Andrus Hagan, from Betazed, scientific advisor. He's in a profound catatonic state. I've been studying the autopsy reports. The conclusion is appalling. There was no outside source, no alien presence. All thirty four of them appear to have killed each other. Toxicological tests showed no unusual substances in their systems, and they all appear to be in good health. But for whatever reason, they seemed to turn against each other, using phasers and knives and bare hands. I'd like you to see this, Captain. It's from the logs of the Brittain. Captain Zaheva's mental condition deteriorated steadily once they'd became stranded. She began talking of plots and mutinies. This was the last entry log, made after they had been adrift for over three weeks. Captain, do you have a moment? In some cases. In others just erratic behaviour. Yes. Captain, we have to get the Enterprise away from here before it gets any worse. A what? Data, in Tyken's experience did the crew exhibit behavioural changes? Then, what is it? What's happening to us? [Corridor] I'd like to do more cross-sections on the brain tissue of some of these bodies. Set up the positron emission sensor in Sickbay, and I'll decide which ones I want to study. Go away. (and when she opens them again, everything is as it should be) [Ready room] Captain, let me ask you this. Since we located the Brittain, can you remember any of your dreams? Most people don't, but think. Have you even had a dream in the last ten days? I'm willing to bet you haven't. What's more, neither has anyone else on board this ship, except for Troi. I began to realise that when she talked about having nightmares. I've done some additional brain tissue tests on, er, bodies, some of the bodies from the, er, the. Right. And I've also done some scans on a random cross-section from our crew. They both have the same results, a unique chemical imbalance. Dream deprivation. Every night when we enter into sleep. We have to dream in order to survive. If we don't reach REM sleep, we don't dream, we begin to lose our cognitive abilities, we find it hard to concentrate. We forget how to do the most ordinary task. Then we become irritable, paranoid. Some people experience hallucinations. Maybe it's because she's Betazoid. I don't know why. All I know is there's more going on here than being caught in a Tyken's rift, and I don't know how or why it's happening. But I do know this. There is an inevitable conclusion to this pattern, and if I can't find a way to stop it, we will all go insane. [Sickbay] (Troi is sitting by Hagan's bedside, falling asleep) [Nightmare] Deanna, nothing's working. I've tried somatic drugs, I've tried inducing theta waves into the entorhinal cortex. No matter what I do, no one can reach REM sleep. No one can dream, except for you. What? Is there a way we could block their signals? I can help keep you in REM sleep for a while with this cortical scanner. It will maintain electrical activity in your brain at the proper frequency. (Troi lies down on a bed) PGO signals steady. Visual cortex showing increased activity. Rapid eye movements commencing. Crusher to Bridge. [Bridge]
One of the Klingons who died in the explosion was with Duras, the other was with Gowron. I've been examining the bodies, trying to get a clue to where the bomb was hidden. There's always a pattern in the lacerations and tissue damage. It would normally give a clear indication as to the direction, distance, force of impact. In this case, the pattern was virtually impossible to detect. I couldn't understand it until I looked at the dynoscans. This wound is different from all of the others. It was made from the inside out. The bomb was implanted in one of their forearms. Duras' man. [Corridor] Worf, when did you (But he has already left) [Worf's quarters] (Worf removes his baldric, takes the bat'leth from the wall. As an afterthought, he takes off his comm. badge too) [K'Ehleyr's quarters] (K'Ehleyr's body is being removed) Multiple stab wounds to the chest and abdomen. Too much trauma to the internal organs. There wasn't time enough to take her into stasis. I don't know. He disappeared just after I arrived.
Hello, Data. We do appreciate that, Data, but the Ambassador and I have set aside this time to analyse the incidence of the lung disease on the moon's inhabitants. Ambassador, are you still having those awful headaches? I'd better bring you a hypospray to take care of it. Okay. [Corridor] (exiting the turbolift) Put a cold cloth on your forehead, Ambassador. I'll do my best to be with you shortly. (the turbolift door closes) I'll set you up at the medical monitor, Data. It'll take you a while to input the figures, won't it? Data, there are times when every second does count. [Odan's quarters] (something moves in Odan's abdomen. He bathes it with light from a device) (Later, after the opening credits, Beverly is brushing her hair) Well if I don't get back soon and take a look at his projections, he just might come looking for me. Odan. Odan, are we? Is this interfering with your work on the Peliar Zel problems? Odan, I have to go. I promise. (he kisses the inside of her wrist) It's just Beverly. With a patient. Minor emergency. (Odan enters through another door) The impact on the health of the Betan people is clear. There will be profound medical repercussions. Yes. I guess so. Someone just put it on me. I don't. At least, not very often. I guess so. What is that supposed to mean? Sometimes I wish you weren't so empathic It isn't? Oh. Must be the astringent. What? Oh, yes, there is. What is it? What? What do you sense? I feel I know him better than I've known anyone in my life. Am I being foolish? I don't think so. And yet, I've only known him for a couple of weeks. Of course, that could be infatuation, but I am a grown up and I know the difference between love and infatuation. All I know is, I haven't felt this way for a long time. I like it. [Ready room] I know. Have a safe trip. Yes, it is. [Bridge] He's in shock, he's lost a lot of blood, but that still doesn't explain these readings. Eosinophilia in the cerebrospinal fluid at forty six percent. It's as though there's a parasite at work. Odan, Odan. I need to do exploratory surgery. You may have a parasitic infection. But you won't survive. (then she notices the movement in his abdomen) What is that? What? You're dying. What can I do? Odan's host body died of the injuries just over an hour ago. But the symbiont being, Odan, is still alive. Odan is the one who negotiated the last treaty, but the man everyone thought was his father was just another host body. It would have damaged the symbiont. I've placed Odan in stasis. He can survive another hour, maybe two, but not beyond that. No, Data. The relationship requires a biological being. I believe so. From Odan's description of the process it should be possible. But I don't have There's been no precedent for a human host. I couldn't guarantee what might happen. I've given you a local anaesthetic. You must be conscious during the implantation. Drugs might damage the symbiont. Laser scalpel. (She cuts up from his navel, then gets the creature from it's jar and places it on his belly. It finds its own way inside him) How do you feel? Is there pain? Vital signs? I can't close yet, The assimilation's not complete. He's going to start fibrillating. Two hundred milligrams of metrazene. Hang on, Will. I'm closing. The metrazene should have stabilised him. I'll give it ten seconds more before we go in again. That's better. Signs are returning to normal. Will, it's Beverly. Can you hear me? You're going to be all right. How do you feel? White cell count is elevated, six tenths of a degree of temperature. But no sign of rejection. You look awfully pale. Cerebral blood flow looks normal. I'll leave you a metabolic booster. Use it if the symptoms get worse. Beyond that, I don't know what to do. This is all new to me. I don't know what to say. Well maybe you should have thought about that sooner. Maybe you should have told me what you were. It didn't seem to bother you to remain silent yesterday. I don't know who you are. You know, Deanna, the first man I ever loved unconditionally was named Stefan. He was a soccer player, and I would watch him as he would race down the field and I thought my heart would stop because he was so beautiful. We married and had three children. Twin boys, Andrew and Alexander, and then later a little girl, Jennifer. Stefan became an artist, very famous. He created huge, breathtaking, metal sculptures. He came to adore me as much as I worshipped him. In my daydreams at least. Stefan was eleven and I was eight. He never even knew I existed. Oh, Deanna, I loved Odan. I'm sure of it. I had no doubts, no fears, but what it was I loved? His eyes? His hands? His mouth? They're gone. If that was all it was, I should mourn him and go on. But it was more than that. I felt completely free with him. Unguarded. At ease with myself. There were so many things that made him special to me. Where are they? Are they still here, alive in Will Riker? I look at Will and I see someone I've known for years. A kind of brother. But inside, is he really Odan? Help me, please. I feel his pull. It's very powerful. I wish he'd never come on this ship. I don't care. I'd give anything not to feel the way I do now. He's here, isn't he? I don't want to look at him. Talk to me. Just keep talking to me. White count is elevated. It's getting higher and higher every time I read it. Are you in pain? His vital functions are overworked. His immune system is under attack. I can only guess that he's suffering from classic rejection syndrome. I can administer an immunosuppressant. That could help relieve the symptoms but it Can't correct the underlying cause. There is a foreign organism in his body. Medical school didn't exactly prepare me for situations like this. Don't worry about me, Captain. I'm fine. I'm giving you something that should help with the pain. At least for a little while. Please don't. No. Please. [Ready room] Lemon tea. [Odan's quarters] I thought I should see how you were doing. If you needed another hypospray? Oh. Well, that's good. Tomorrow's an important day. Do you feel ready for it? That's good. I'll check your vital signs in the morning before the representatives get here. Maybe you could schedule a series of breaks. Yes. I'm not leaving. Captain's log, stardate 44824.4. Governor Leka and the representatives of the two moons are ready to transport on board. We have learned that they each have troops massed and are ready for combat if this final effort at peace is not successful. [Ready room] White count is back up, temperature is elevated. The effects of the medication are wearing off faster every time. I'll administer one now and hope that it will hold for an hour or two. Are the injections damaging to the host's body, Riker's body? But how can you function, conduct the meeting? But you wouldn't survive. Very well. I'll stand by with the medication, just in case. The pain may become so intense that I'll have to Jean-Luc. [Bridge] They've been in there for almost six hours. Are they here, Worf? Nine hours. (Riker-Odan enters, looking like hell) I must remove him. I gave my word. [Sickbay] Will is going to be all right. His vital signs have stabilised and he's sleeping now. I've placed him in stasis. He's fine for the moment. No. If Odan is to survive, he needs to be implanted in the new host as soon as he arrives. I'll wait here. I know. (Later, Beverly is sleeping by the stasis jar) Is the Trill host here? Good. Bring him in. (but a woman enters) The operation to implant Odan into the new host was completed at nineteen hundred hours and appears to have been successful. There were no difficulties in assimilation. You should be sleeping. You need to rest. I congratulate you. You averted a war that would have cost many lives. I am glad that you're all right. Perhaps it is a human failing, but we are not accustomed to these kinds of changes. I can't keep up. How long will you have this host? What would the next one be? I can't live with that kind of uncertainty. Perhaps, someday, our ability to love won't be so limited. Odan, I do love you. Please remember that. (Kareel takes Beverly's hand and kisses her wrist)
Data, why do you want to look at Doctor Tainer's medical records? Is something wrong with her? Well, probably I could, but ordinarily I don't check somebody's medical status without a good reason. All right, Data. At first glance I see nothing wrong with her. Except for a mild case of hypertension, which is normal for a woman her age. Maybe you should tell me what her symptoms are. Then why do you want to see her medical records? She's got tear ducts, sweat glands, even veins and capillaries underneath her skin. Because she has a feedback processor designed to send out a false bio-signal. What I can't figure out is why she lost consciousness. As far as I can see, everything is fine. She should be awake. Why was Doctor Soong so adamant that she not be told? Wouldn't she be better off knowing the truth? Dealing with the reality of her existence? I can tell you that if I were in her place, I would rather be told by my son than by some stranger.
As far as I can tell. Your physiology is somewhat different than I've ever encountered, but I detect no dangerous virus or bacteria. Enough! I see no reason why not. Escort them to their quarters. (Picard enters) Not right now. Captain. [Doctor's office] The Brekkians show no sign of infection. The Ornarans show all the symptoms of a disease but I can't find a cause. There's no record of it. Then again, the solar flare activity might have caused a malfunction in the biofilters or their monitors. I need to check further, but my instinct says no. Again, I need more time. What's missing is a little compassion. Perhaps. But Captain, I must tell you, I'm developing a very active dislike for these Brekkians. They believe it will help them. That in itself might control their symptoms. What does that device do? What's the dosage? Very potent substance. How long is the dosage effective? And then the symptoms return. An unusual disease. Virulent, extremely persistent, yet I can't isolate it. Excuse me. I'll take that to Sickbay. [Sickbay] (T'Jon and Romas pounce on the device) Can I help? You're feeling better? I may not know felicium's full effect on Ornarian physiology, but I know how to interpret physical reactions. T'Jon and Romas are feeling fine. In fact, too fine. Felicium's a narcotic. Is a drug addict. [Bridge] A nice arrangement for the Brekkians. No they wouldn't. Despite what the Ornarans have been saying, it's not a medicine. It was a medicine, but it cured the plague two hundred years ago. The plague is irrelevant now. It doesn't exist. It's an addiction. The physical and psychological need is very real. What are you going to do? You don't think drug addiction and exploitation is sufficient cause to do something? With one society profiting at the expense of the other. I can synthesise a non-addictive substitute which will ease their withdrawal symptoms. You can't let them have the felicium. Well in this case, Captain, I disagree, one hundred percent. What do they know? How would they have known all that, unless the plague had once infected their world as well. They broke the cycle of addiction and never told the Ornarans. They let them continue to believe that without the felicium they would die. is only to increase the potency of the felicium and tighten your grip! No! Don't do it. Jean-Luc, this is not a symbiotic relationship. This is exploitation, pure and simple! The Brekkians have caused all of this suffering and hardship only to make their pitiful lives easier! And all of it based on a lie. No, deny them this shipment. It is the least we can do. You must trust yourselves. There are other options. When the Felicium runs out, the people of Ornara will suffer horrible withdrawal pains. That seems so cruel. We could have made their burden easier. It's hard to be philosophical when faced with suffering. I just hope it was the right one.
Good morning. Looks like you've been up for a while. Let's hear it. That must be tempting. That you could have been an archaeologist and not a starship Captain? And the exploration of space? Surely that must count for something. Were you two very close? And yet you turned your back on him. He took a disruptor hit point blank. There is nothing I can do. (the life-signs monitor starts to flat-line) Specify. Each from a different lifeform from nineteen different worlds. Wait a minute. These fragments all seem to have similar protein configurations. They may be chemically compatible. I know, but look at the base pair combinations, they're uniform. If I'm right. Computer, connect the DNA fragments according to protein link compatibility. I have no idea. [Engineering] This fragment has been part of every DNA strand on Earth since life began there, and the other fragments are just as old. Someone must have written this programme over four billion years ago. But why would anyone do this in the first place? I'll begin collecting DNA samples now. They all came up negative. Maybe we've been at this too long. Why don't we both get some sleep and start again tomorrow morning. Collecting DNA samples. No. There is no Loren Three sample from the data downloaded from the Professor's shuttle. If he did have one it must have been taken by the Yridians when they attacked. There's still one missing piece. The computer might be able to find that pattern. That's going to take several hours to set up and to process. If you'll excuse me. The computer was able to extrapolate this geometric pattern based on the distribution of the fragments. (it is a zigzag or helix with one line missing, that overlays a star chart) Computer, highlight the section of the missing pattern. The missing DNA fragment should be in this system. There. Over there. Which would still contain the DNA. NU'DAQ: I will not be eliminated now. It's a shame Professor Galen didn't live to see the end result of his search. If it hadn't been for you, his dream to solve that puzzle would never have been realised. You left him a wonderful legacy. You never know. Well, I have to get this day started. See you this afternoon.
I met Holza at a symposium a few years ago. I found him to be a very concerned leader and a good spokesman for his people. And a terrific dancer. No, really, I'm serious. At a reception afterwards.
I'm sorry, but I think he wants to stay. Sit down. I'm picking up some Starfleet fibre traces and human cellular debris. There's something strange here. The cell structures are badly distorted. It's as if they've been exposed to some kind of high-energy field. It could be. I'm picking up some faint traces of microcrystalline damage in the floor material, but I'm not familiar with the pattern I'm getting.
It's candle time, birthday boy. (there are six candles on the blue frosted cake) Will. You remember me. That's good. What else do you remember, Captain? Water, three Celsius. How do you feel? That's understandable, considering what's happened. Sit down, Captain. Sit. Please. What is the last thing that you remember clearly? But all you found there was toxic gas. They barely had time to get the three of you out. Will, that happened sixteen years ago. With an Altarian virus, anything is possible. In fact, we've been expecting this. That day on Onias three, you were infected with a strain of Altarian encephalitis, a retrovirus that incorporates its DNA directly into the cells of its host. It can lie dormant for many years and then suddenly become active again, as it did in your case ten days ago. You have been in a coma, delirious. Your fever finally broke this morning. (really? So why is he in uniform and not sickbay gown?) Let me show you a scan of your brain tissue. When the encephalitis became active it caused widespread synapse degradation, interrupting the consolidation of your memory patterns. Will, this virus inevitably causes memory loss back to the moment of the original infection. In your case, all the way back to Alpha Onias three. Feel my hand. It is flesh and bone. This is not a dream and you are, in fact, Captain William T. Riker in command of the Enterprise. Nine years. Memories are formed by association. Smells, sounds, and images from the present could possibly trigger them. Exactly. In associational therapy, we expose the patient to familiar surroundings. This could stimulate the brain's neural synapses into regenerating. Will, I said your memory could return. In many of these cases the damage is permanent. [Corridor] Thankfully, no. Geordi appears to have been immune and the Klingons don't seem to be affected by the virus. There've been quite a few changes on the Enterprise in the last sixteen years. [Turbolift] Deck eight. We should begin the associational therapy in your quarters. Personal recollections are always the most vivid. Computer's been slow all morning. A processing accelerator's down. Commander La Forge has running a level one diagnostic to isolate the problem. [Bridge] How are you holding up? I think I should leave all the explanations to the Admiral. [Transporter room] Everything since Alpha Onias three. [Observation lounge] It's broken, but it's going to be all right in just a minute. Now, let's go easy on this arm for a little while, okay? Continue the compression attenuator for two more minutes. Can I talk to you for a moment? Will, how old were you when you first started playing parrises squares? He didn't almost kill himself. He just broke a wrist, just like a lot of other boys his age when they fall. Difficult for you? What about for Jean-Luc? Can you imagine how he feels? You've lost sixteen years. Jean-Luc has lost a lot more than that. First his mother and now his father.
His injuries are very critical. Not good. I'll keep you posted. [Guest Quarters] He's convulsing. Get the hypospray. [Guest Quarters] (The guests are finishing their meal) He's dying. (Korris, Konmel and Worf stand over the bed. As the young man breaths his last, Korris holds his eyelids open. Then they all start a deep throaty growl, which becomes a roar as they are sure he is dead. Konmel removes a hook from the boot) Is there any special arrangement you would like for the body?
Will? Carmen? We've been going over the schematics for the hospital. The location seems fine. Watch your step but keep moving. Let's hope there's enough air in here. Just scrapes and bruises, I think. I'll check further. Where's Carmen? I'm sorry. I've got one man unconscious. We can't stay in here much longer. If we all stay in here, we're dead. And when we came out of the cave there was nothing left. Everywhere we looked there was complete devastation. Trees gone, nothing. Not a trace of anything that was ever alive. Not even a seed in their greenery storage.
This morning she was fifteen minutes late. That's the third time this week. Jean-Luc, you don't have the slightest idea what I'm talking about, do you. I've been telling you about Nurse Ogawa and Ensign Markson for the last fifteen minutes. Are you worried about this mission with the Kes? First of all, the Kes are not half the planet, they're nearly three quarters of it. And the Prytt are not being left out. They themselves simply don't want to have contact with anyone from the outside. not the Federation or anyone else. By all indications, the Kes are a very unified, very progressive people. Well, think about Earth. What if one of the old nation states, say Australia, had decided not to join the World Government in twenty one fifty? Would that have disqualified us as a Federation member? Wait until tomorrow. I have something very special planned. It's a Vulcan dish. That's all I'll say. [Transporter room] What happened? The last thing I remember we were beginning to transport. Jean-Luc. Let me see. It looks like an implant. It seems to be connected directly to the brainstem. (She's got one under her hair as well) Whatever it is I doubt it's designed for our health. (the doors open and security in dark one-piece suits with hoods enter) If you tell us why you've taken us hostage, we might be able to What? I was just thinking about how to get out of here. Right. Well, at least this means we won't starve to death. I'm beginning to think negatively, Jean-Luc. (she takes the cover off the plate) My tricorder! Yes. Except something's been added to the main directory. An escape route. That guard must be working for the Kes. If you ask me, I'd like to take my chances out there. Yes, the code's been entered. (the door opens, there's no one around, and off they go) [Observation lounge] It's a lava flow. It's about thirty metres below us. It says we should go this way. I smell gas. (a plume of flame comes up from the floor, then another and another) This whole chamber is filled with pockets of a methanogenic compound. I think so. I didn't say anything. There might be a fairly regular pattern to these eruptions. We should be able to navigate out way through them if we're careful. Now. (they run) (further on) The gas is building up! (a big fireball explodes behind them) [Bridge] (at the science station) Maybe we took a wrong turn. (they retrace their steps) So am I. I'm thirsty too. I heard you. You said, I'm very thirsty. You were thinking it? The implants must be transmitting our thoughts. What am I thinking? I can't hear your thoughts, either. Maybe it was a fluke. Yes, we need to go up. [Cavern] There's a ledge about thirty metres up. That should lead to another tunnel that connects up to the surface. So much for that being a fluke. If you sensed a fear of heights, you sensed pretty accurately. Right. [Kes quarters] (the Kes have brought in some hardware of their own. Riker is scanned by the assistant when he enters) That would be me. What do you want me to think about? My grandmother used to make it, with peas, carrots and I'm sorry. I didn't say that you were. I may have thought it, but there's a difference. Stray day dreams, scattered minutiae. I wonder how true telepaths sift through it all. How can they really get to what someone's thinking if the minds keeps churning all this flotsam to the surface? That is not funny. I think our link is getting stronger. Certainly not. (they separate, then start to stagger) Jean-Luc. I was suddenly overcome with a wave of nausea. There's nothing wrong with either of us. Maybe the air is toxic. (she moves away again, then back quickly) I'm not sure whether we should go over this hill or that one. The topography on this map is a little vague. You don't really know, do you? I mean, you're acting like you know exactly which way to go, but you're only guessing. Do you do this all the time? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I just couldn't resist. Well at least I've trained myself not to say it anymore. When I was a little girl, my mouth was always landing me in trouble with my parents, my teachers. That's right. I had one date with him which I brought to an abrupt halt with the words, is that a beard or Yes. I thought I was being cute but I really hurt him. That was a long time ago. I learned a valuable lesson. Very. We'd better get going. (they slither down a loose rock slope then duck behind cover when they see a Prytt soldier on the next ridge) I don't think so, either. Maybe we can find another way to reach the village. I'm beginning to think there's not a single thing on this planet we can eat. Remember that Vulcan dish I promised you for breakfast? I was just. You hate having breakfast with me. Yes, it is. When I said breakfast, I heard you say, I hate that. Well, then what did you mean? What I've been choosing for breakfast recently. Coffee and croissants, that's all you really want, isn't it? Coffee and croissants. Well why didn't you just say so? No, I usually prefer something simple myself but I thought you might enjoy more variety. Well, I guess it's Coffee and croissants for both of us from now on. I remember when Jack and I took Wesley on his first camping trip to Balfour Lake. Wesley kept throwing manta leaves in the fire, watching them pop. Jack kept telling him. What? Jean-Luc, I heard you. Don't push it away. When I said Jack and I, I felt this sudden wave of something. I didn't know you felt that way. I guess I always knew that there was an attraction between us right from the start, but I never knew how strongly you felt. Why didn't you ever tell me you were in love with me? Then when the months went by and the three of us began spending more time together. And when Jack died you felt guilty. That's why you didn't want me on the Enterprise seven years ago. And now we're friends. Well, we still have a lot of ground to cover tomorrow. We should get some sleep. Let's go. (a soldier fires at them and catches Picard who rolls down the slope) I think I can use the tricorder to set up a multiphase pulse. That should weaken the field enough to let us through. Right. I'm working as fast as I can. (a hole appears and Beverly pushes Picard through, then it closes and the soldiers arrive) That was wonderful. Don't get me wrong, Jean-Luc, but I'm glad we're not joined at the hip anymore. Just tired of bumping into you every thirty seconds. I was beginning to feel as if you were part of my uniform. Freedom. Penny for your thoughts? So do I. It was very intimate. You know, last night I couldn't sleep. I was awake for several hours. And thanks to the implants, I got to hear some very interesting dreams of yours. What do you mean? No, I don't. The implant's been removed, remember? Or perhaps we should be afraid. I think I should be going now. (Picard opens the door for her) Goodnight.
Captain. Arkaria Base does not have the medical storage units I have requested. I have seven living tissue samples that won't survive the baryon sweep anymore than you or I would. I've tried to reason with them, but Thank you, Captain. It's good to see you again. Of course. (the person talking to Riker escapes) There's no permanent damage. I've adjusted the optical transducer in his visor to block some of the pain receptors in his brain. It's only partially effective. I need to get him to a medical facility. A hypersonic pulse would overload the audio receptors of everyone in the room. It would cause immediate unconsciousness. I'll try. I might need Geordi to help me through some of it. He's in a lot of pain, but I think he should be fine. He needs some water. Is that all right? (She goes slowly to the water fountain, where Troi can hear but not Orton or the waiter) (sotto) We're almost ready. When we set the visor to emit the hypersonic pulse, there'll be a short burst of light. We need a distraction. (Troi crosses to Riker) Now. (an ear-splitting noise fills the room, and all the people drop. Data takes the weapons and starts work on the computer) [Corridor] Hold still. You have got a nasty little cut here. Hold still. I can't heal this cleanly if you don't stop fidgeting. There. (Worf enters with a proper English saddle and fleece) Anyone who is an experienced rider naturally has his own saddle.
And then after dinner, then what? The neural scanner still seems to be a bit off. Let's check the sensor calibrations. And? After Paris? No problem. Nurse McClukidge can cover for you. Try to talk him into Tavena Minor. They have a cruise down the Jokri River. The iridescent currents are beautiful. [Arboretum] (the firefly is exploring the orchids) Clara's sleeping. She's going to be fine. Her bioelectrical processes were severely disrupted. It's as if the energy were pulled right out of her body.
And in the end the other became infected as well. Makes one question the sanity of humanoid forms. The Tarellians had reached Earth's late twentieth century level of knowledge. That's all you need if you're a damned fool. A deadly, infectious virus which at that modest level of knowledge is not difficult to grow. In which case I'd very much like to confer with you. I'm pleased to have a medical colleague aboard. It's a very considerate idea. Our Sickbay is at your disposal, Doctor. Wyatt? Are you feeling all right? I'll notify the Captain they're ready. (When her back is turned he gets a hypo and fills it) [Lounge]
For that matter, could she be Q? Like a magician.
Good evening. I thought you were going to be at the concert last night. Captain Picard asked me where you were. I don't like making excuses for you. Listen, young man. You have responsibilities and I want you to live up to them. Don't talk back to me! Where do you think you're going? And then I just slapped him. Really hard. I slapped Wesley. I've never hit my son in his life. I wasn't thinking about anything. I was just angry. No, that's just it. It was a sudden burst of anger. I still can't believe I did it. There's no indication of any bacteria or virus. I've run every test I know. I've checked the water, food replicators, airborne samples. We have determined that the outbreak of violence started at virtually the same time Sarek and his party beamed onto the ship. [Crusher's office] We do have a working theory. We believe that it's possible Ambassador Sarek himself is responsible for these incidents. There's a very rare condition that sometimes affects Vulcans over the age of two hundred. Bendii Syndrome. Its early symptoms include sudden bursts of emotion, mostly irrational anger. Eventually, all emotional control is lost. They could very well be affected too. Can't someone else take his place? We can grow a culture from the tissue of the metathalamus, but the results will take several days. I can't say I approve of this, Jean-Luc. I don't suppose I could talk you out of it? It will pass, all of it. Just another hour or so. You're doing fine. Just hold on. Jean-Luc! I'm here, Jean-Luc. I'm not going anywhere. Don't even try. First Officer's log, Stardate 43920.7. Ambassador Sarek has successfully concluded the negotiations with the Legarans. The USS Merrimac has arrived and will transport the Ambassador and his party back to Vulcan. [Transporter room]
He risked his life to get here. He spent two weeks alone in a scout ship. Well, maybe he finally realised he made a mistake. That about does it. How does it feel to have your own face back?
She's dead. [The Child - Troi's quarters]
Ensign, we need to modify the sensor array to filter out these EM pulses. Can you do that? What's your name? I don't think I've seen you before. Well, Taitt, I'll bet you never thought you'd be serving as Tactical Officer after only six weeks. Good work. Go ahead, Will. [Planet surface] Enterprise to Captain Picard. Crusher to Picard. The last time they checked in they were investigating a structure in section gamma two five. Is it a Borg ship? Red alert. How long before they're in weapons range? Crusher to Transporter room three. Start transporting the away teams off of the surface. [Transporter room] If you have to. I want those teams up here as fast as possible. [Planet surface] I'm not going to leave you down there. [Planet surface] Acknowledged. Prepare to leave orbit. Salazar, how many people do we still have down there? Put the Borg ship onscreen. Not yet. I want to keep bringing people up until the last possible second. Stand by to raise shields and break orbit on my mark. Mark. (an energy bolt hits) Establish a frequency shift firing pattern and return fire. Helm, set course for the conduit, maximum warp. Salazar [Transporter room] Another minute and we would have had them. [Planet surface] Right. Stand by to trigger the conduit. Taitt. I want you to stay on the Bridge. I'll need a Science Officer at the aft station. Helm, set a course to return to the planet. I'm not leaving those people stranded back there. An emergency buoy can transmit a copy of our log entries to Starfleet just as easily as we can. Ensign, prepare a buoy and launch it when ready. Lieutenant, open the conduit. Lieutenant, scan for any Borg ships between here and the planet. How long will we have before they can detect us and intercept? Crusher to Salazar. How long will it take to get the rest of the crew off the surface? We don't have one minute. How much can you shave off that? [Transporter room] We need to buy ourselves fifteen seconds. Lieutenant, is there any way we can use the planet as a barrier to keep the Borg from realising we're in orbit? Let's do it. Helm, hard about. We'll enter orbit here. Let's hope it's enough time. Hold on. (whoomph) Report. Bridge to Transporter rooms. Begin evacuations. Crusher to Salazar. Report. Come on, Chief. It's now or never. Raise shields. Helm, get us out of here. Evasive manoeuvres, full impulse. (they sail past the massive Borg vessel) Fire phasers. What's the status of the warp engines? Helm, set a new course, heading three four four mark six. Full impulse. The databanks should contain information about a process called metaphasic shielding. Right. How far along was he? If we had metaphasic shielding, we could enter the sun's corona but the Borg ship wouldn't be able to follow. Can you bring the programme online? Report. Lieutenant, activate the metaphasic programme. It's our best shot. Maintain course. All stop. The question is, how long can we survive in here? [Holding cell] Can you stabilise it? Do we have warp engines yet? How do you know this will work? Let's do it. Helm, take us back to the planet. Full impulse. Well done, Taitt. [Holding cell] (Data enters)
Worf says he's going to teach us some mok'bara throwing techniques today. What's this? (a three segment column with a rounded stone on top) Maybe Will left it for you. A little present? Then maybe it's a secret admirer. Well, you'll figure it out later. Come on, we're going to be late. (Troi and Crusher leave, and a compass rose appears on the top stone) [Classroom] I've analysed the alien plant forms. They've developed from biological matter we have on the ship. Apparently the archive can reorder and transform molecular structure including DNA into anything it wants.
He's alright. But he's not going to stay alright. Sir, we have to get this ship to a starbase medical facility. Oh, Come on, I can't believe that. Everybody's played a practical joke on somebody at one time or another. Not even a little one? How about April Fools? I can't believe that you're telling me that you've never tried to pull something even on April Fools' Day? Well, I'm sure your brother didn't intend for it too get out this of hand. Certainly not to the degree it has. Take a deep breath. Take a deep breath. Have you been drinking all the water I asked you to? Well, keep it up. There might have a short delay in reaching starbase and I want (Troi and Jake enter. Willie turns his back to them) How are you this morning? You heard the old story about the man who goes to his doctor? He says, Doctor, it hurts when I raise my arm like this. The Doctor says, then don't raise your arm like that. Then don't stand up. Make sure it goes well, Commander. (La Forge and the engineer leave) Your brother tells me that you still won't speak to him. It's very hard on him, too. He feels very guilty about what happened. He's your brother. Hey, nobody is going to die, Willie. Do you hear me? Nobody! [Bridge] And quickly too. Willie Potts has twenty four hours, thirty six tops. If it goes much longer than that, the only thing left for Starbase four one six will be to do a postmortem. He'll remain in quarantine for another week or two, but he's out of the woods. They're brothers, Data. Brothers forgive. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Deanna, you're in Sickbay. It's all right. He's not here. Just try to relax. This vascular pad has healed the wound, but you've lost a lot of blood so I would like you to lie still for a while. (Crusher removes the device from Troi's shoulder, and there's a mark underneath) That's odd. There shouldn't be any discoloration after the treatment. This looks like some sort of rash. I'm picking up cellular degradation. But it doesn't appear to be related to the lacerations. There's also some kind of residual interphasic signature. Nurse, bring me an interphasic scanner. I want to take a closer look at this. [Data's quarters] Captain, we have a problem. Take a look at this. Her tissue is breaking down on a cellular level and it's spreading. At first I thought it was a rash from the coil brace she was stabbed with, but when I used the interphasic scanner, I found this. (a blue light shows a creature eating Troi's skin) The question is, what are they? (there's one on her own arm) I've tested all the medical staff and I've found them on almost everyone so far. The cellular decay is accelerating in all cases. I haven't found a way to stop it or even slow it down. (there's one on Riker's temple) Looks like you're infected too. The organisms appear to be attached to our epidermal layers with osmotic tendrils. They're tapping directly into the bloodstream. (Picard has one on his throat) And from what I can tell, they're spreading. [Observation Lounge] Yes, in a very particular way. They appear to be extracting our cellular peptides. It's roughly analogous to the way terran leeches consume haemoglobin. If they're not removed soon, our bodies are going to lose all their cellular cohesion. We'll collapse into nothing but a few pounds of chemicals. No. I scanned him, but I found nothing. Do you want some? It's delicious. It's working, Captain. [Holodeck] Captain's log, supplemental. The creatures infesting the Enterprise have been completely eliminated. We believe the infestation originated within the warp core we obtained on Starbase eighty four. [Engineering]
What's that noise? Commander? Cellular residue. I believe these are the remains of one of our lieutenants. (Worf is cutting the deck plate out with his phaser) All of the blood traces I found match those of Lieutenant Aquiel Uhnari. I'll assume those are her remains but I'll need to take the deck plate back to Sickbay just to be sure. I'll have a better idea once I've analysed the deck plate. The station's shuttle's gone. Maybe he took it. The cellular residue is completely fused with to metal of the deck plate. We're trying to micro-vaporise the metal in order to get a clear DNA sample. Well this is just a guess, but from the molecular deposition on the plating I'd say it was a high-level phaser blast. Possibly. And there's still the question of what happened to Lieutenant Rocha. We presumed you were dead. Your blood stains were found at the murder scene. I can't confirm that. Until we're able to separate the cellular residue from the deck plate, I won't be able to do a clear DNA scan. All right. Initiate the resonance frequency burst. (Beverly runs a device over some orange gloop in a bowl)  I'm starting to get a stable DNA scan. This is odd. The nucleotide sequences are starting to fluctuate. The DNA is becoming mobile. Let's try another frequency burst, but increase the resonance level by twenty percent. (the orange gloop reaches out and touches Beverly's hand, then turns into a copy of that hand) [Aquiel's quarters] It's an exact reproduction of my hand, right down to the DNA structure. When I infused the matter with a resonance frequency burst, it activated its DNA. Then it touched my hand and it began to mimic my cellular structure. This is going to sound very farfetched, but have you ever heard of a coalescent organism? They're rare microscopic lifeforms which need to absorb other organisms in order to survive. Now, that in itself isn't so unusual, but coalescents become the organisms they've absorbed, right down to the cellular level. There've been reports that these organisms can exist on a larger scale. Certainly, what happened to my hand seems to support that theory. It's possible that something happened to him before he reported for duty on the relay station. I've checked the records. Before he was posted to the relay station, Rocha served on an outpost in the Triona System. That is a remote sector. Maybe he was absorbed by a coalescent during that mission. The microscopic organisms have a cycle of no more than five to ten seconds. We can only assume a larger, more complex coalescent would have a cycle of days, even weeks. Right.
If you're wondering about the evaluations, things couldn't be better. In fact, I'm recommending you for a promotion. How does Lieutenant Alyssa Ogawa sound? I'll talk to Commander Riker and I'm sure it'll be official as soon as the current crew evaluations are over. Oh, Alyssa, how are things going between you and Lieutenant Powell? You think? I see. I know what that's like. Sometimes I get so busy with research I forget to eat. What? Sit down. You do seem very well suited. I'm not sure I know what you mean. Alyssa, I think you're overreacting. If I cared as much about someone as much as you care about Andrew, he'd have to do a lot more than cancel a date before I'd get suspicious. I'm sure that when this research is over, things will be back just the way they were. Stand by. Alyssa, I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave now. Transporter room. go ahead. Alyssa, thank you for coming so quickly. We have to prepare for surgery. We have a comatose patient with a subdural hematoma. I want to make it clear that you are not to discuss what you see here with anyone. We'll need to synthesise at least a litre of Cardassian blood. [Lavelle + Taurik's quarters] (five card stud game in progress) The thing is, I saw Powell in Ten Forward with another woman, and the way they were talking it made me wonder. Ben. What are you doing here? Yes. Alyssa, I think you know how much I've come to depend upon you here. I've recommended your promotion because your performance here has been exemplary. But more than that, I've come to think of you as a friend. Someone I really care about. So, you and Andrew Powell? Told me what? Secret? Alyssa, that's wonderful! I'm so relieved. I mean happy. [Observation lounge]
At Troi's request I examined him. His cell structure has been significantly altered. They used a combination of cryptobiolin, triclenidil, macrospentol and a few things I can't even recognise. One of the new substances in his cellular structure even shields electrical impulses.
How long has this been going on? Well. other than some muscle tension in your neck, I don't see anything physically wrong with you. Have you been having bad dreams? This could be the result of lack of REM sleep. Drink this before going to bed. A recipe for a warm milk toddy. The heat activates amino acids in the lactose, making it a natural sedative. Besides, this is a recipe of the Captain's Aunt Adelle. It's delicious. And listen, if it still bothers you tomorrow, come and see me and I'll run further tests. This is curious. There's a slight bacterial infection around your neural inputs. It was probably interrupting the data stream. It doesn't match any bacterial strains on record. I'm going to have to sterilise the area. But I need to run a resonance tissue scan to search for any signs of additional infection. Come over here. Sit down. Now, come forward. Now, you're going to need to hold very still. [Cargo bay] Here it is again. Something has caused high levels of serotonin to be produced in Geordi's visual cortex. When I examined him earlier today, I thought it was the result of a bacterial infection, but now I'm finding the same thing in all three. They all have elevated levels of serotonin. It's concentrated in the hippocampus, which suggests that they've been exposed to a neuro-sedative. And that's not all. I have detected minute tetryon particle traces in their subdermal tissues. My God. It looks as though your arm has been severed and then reattached. The skeletal structure in your radius and ulna is offset by point zero two microns. Your arm has been amputated then surgically reattached. [Cargo bay] (Data and La Forge enter) Computer, emergency entry, Chief Medical Officer Beverly Crusher. (Hagler falls out into her arms) Crusher to Sickbay. Get a plasma infusion unit to deck seven, section nineteen. (Picard and Riker arrive) His blood is turning into a liquid polymer. [Observation lounge] I could give you a neuro-stimulant, but the dosage would have to be rather high to counteract the effects. It could be risky. This should be enough to ward off their neuro-sedative for about twelve hours. It's going to have to be. I can't risk giving you a higher dosage.
What if they're trying to undermine our history for some reason. The triolic waves end right here. (Riker puts down another enhancer) These strands appear to be biomagnetic. Variable flux. Possibly organic in origin.
Pulse and blood pressure are normal I'm getting hyperactive fibrogenic activity. This is odd. There's no evidence of any injury or trauma. Vital signs are normal, but neurotransmitter production is off the scale. What's going on? I don't think that's wise. Not until we know exactly what it's doing to him. It's connected itself to him, like a tether. [Courtyard] I simply don't know the risk of shutting down the beam. If somebody gets stabbed, you don't necessarily pull the knife out right away. It might do more harm than leaving it there. I'm losing him! Two cc's delactovine. Begin full cardiac induction. Data, you've got to re-establish that beam. Cortical stimulators. Start at ten percent. Isocortical functions are stabilising. Vital signs are approaching normal. [Courtyard] His vital signs are holding. They've been stable ever since the beam was restored. Something's happening. His cerebral functions are stabilising. Please, Captain, don't get up too quickly. Captain, I want you in Sickbay. I'd like to run a full diagnostic on you.
Raise your arm to the side. (it barely gets to waist height) Is that it? Well, it looks like you tucked when you should have flattened out. Turn your head to the left. Some tearing of the ligaments. Nothing we can't take care of. If I remember correctly, the last time you graced my Sickbay, you were diving off the Cliffs of Heaven on Sumiko Four. Holodeck programme 47C. Well, as your Doctor, I would like to recommend the Emerald Wading Pool on Cirrus Four. It's a lot safer. [Turbolift] Report on our status? I wonder if every one else is in the same condition as we are. How's that? I didn't even think. I just picked it up and knew how to use it. At least I have an idea of what I'm doing here. No, it doesn't. Not much. The brain scans I've run are unusual, but there's no damage to the hippocampus. That suggests that we still have our long-term memories but somehow they're being blocked. That's what I'm hoping. What I need now is to see some normal brain scans for comparison. Is there any chance I can get the crew's medical files? Thank you. [Corridor] (a crewman is standing in a doorway) I found several cases resembling our condition in the medical index. The causes are different, but the cure is similar in each case. That's my hope. It involves increasing the activity of the medial temporal region of the brain, using short-term memory synapses to retrieve long-term memory. As soon as our medical files become available. It would be dangerous to attempt treatment without them. As selective as what was done to our own memories. Skills still in place but personal knowledge is unavailable. It would be dangerous to do it without them. That's strange. The diencephalic activity is exactly the same. There should be some increase. Let's try broadening the bandwidth. Go to thirty point one. Raise the frequency as well. Increase by thirty three percent. (MacDuff starts jerking) Something's wrong with the sequencing programme. (She disconnects him and wakes him up) Kieran. Kieran. I don't know. Something went wrong with the sequence initiator. We're lucky we didn't lose you. Did any of this work? Do you remember anything more about yourself? Back to square one. (and a smug grin from MacDuff) [Ready room]
All his vital functions are completely normal. Psychosomatic response. The interface is perfect for Geordi because his visor inputs allow the probe to transmit information directly into his cerebral cortex. The probe is designed to respond to any movement Geordi intends to make. When his brain sends a message to move his leg, the interface should move the probe instead. Geordi, what's wrong? Vital signs normal. Geordi, how do you feel? Your pulse has gone up. Your nervous system probably has to get used to the input levels. I'll be the judge of that. If your heart rate gets too high, we're going to disconnect you. Data, disconnect! What happened? Geordi? They're burned. [Sickbay] (Geordi's hands are in the healing box) There was some kind of energy discharge in the interface suit. Yes, but I have a theory why they didn't. The tolerance levels of the interface were set extremely high. I think Geordi's neural response to the input was so strong that it created a feedback loop. If we operate the interface at lower input levels, I'd say the risk is acceptable. Well, it looks like you'll have time to recuperate. We're receiving the probe's telemetry. I want to start with as wide a margin of safety as possible. We can adjust upward later. Ready? Geordi, who are you speaking to? What are you seeing? [Raman Auxiliary control] Geordi, report. [Raman Auxiliary control] He's in neural shock. [Sickbay] The sensory overload didn't cause any permanent damage, but I wouldn't want to expose his brain to that kind of stimulus again. His brain functions are normal. I'm not sure, I do know that our brains weren't designed to process the kind of sensory information Geordi was getting. When the brain receives something it can't understand, it interprets the input as best it can, sometimes as a smell or a sound, sometimes visually. But Geordi, I'm not saying that your mother was really communicating with you. I'm just trying to give you a reason why you might've thought that she was. I do not recommend that he use the interface again. The sensory overload almost killed you. His neural synapses are overloading. He can't survive this. If we take him off too abruptly, he'll go into neural shock. We could disconnect the interface and still maintain the input levels. Almost. [Raman Auxiliary control] Switching inputs. (Geordi has gone rigid. Beverly gives him a hypo) His vital signs are stabilising. He's going to make it. Captain's log, supplemental. We have succeeded in disengaging Mister La Forge from the interface and are en route to Starbase four nine five. [Ready room]
Sickbay to Captain Picard. Wesley and one of his friends have contracted some form of respiratory ailment. I hope so. I've isolated the twelve students who were on the Quazulu Eight field trip. [Bridge] Still running tests. The key is to figure out how the virus is transmitted. So far I've been able to rule out [Bridge] You're infected with the virus. Captain. In my opinion, you are no longer physically able to effectively command this vessel. You have an appointment in your cabin, Captain. With your bed. Yes. [Bridge] We have more sick than we do beds. So far I've been forced to confine over three hundred to their private quarters. [Bridge] The Romulans are your problem, Lieutenant. Trying to find an inoculants is mine. This virus mutates every twenty minutes. But so far we haven't had any fatalities, yet. [Bridge] If this continues, Lieutenant La Forge, no one will be healthy enough to care. [Bridge] It looks horrible, tastes worse, and it's absolutely guaranteed to make you feel better. (He drinks) I knew you'd like it. Are you wearing cologne? Like something I smelled earlier. Something Klingon. It's that smell. That's how the virus travels. An airborne particle whose sweet scent inspires deep inhalation. And once inside the body, it becomes that damned virus. I have work to do. (Crusher leaves) He's right here, but he's in bad shape. I can't allow it. [Holding area] They might be facing the same thing up here. Until I have a better idea of what I'm dealing with, no one can beam up. I'm sorry, Will, but you must wait. [Holding area] [OC]: Sickbay to Bridge. It's also a reference to success, Data. I've got the inoculants. [Bridge] Welcome home. Slowly, but yes.
The rest of the bridge crew is dead. She has a bad fracture and has serious internal injuries. I'm going to have to get her back to the Enterprise. Crusher to transporter room. Two to beam directly to Sickbay. Run a full electrolyte report. Boost the level of tricordrazine. Try to relax. Please try to be still. Where do you think you're going? Captain, you need at least another twenty four hours. And captains always push themselves too hard. Captain, are you suggesting that we let them return and attempt to complete their mission? Based on Guinan's intuition? If she's right, we may not even be in an alternate time line.
Hello. I'm Doctor Crusher, and this is Lieutenant Worf. We're here to conduct a health and safety inspection of your ship. That's right. You know, radiation leaks, biochemical contamination, other health hazards. Excuse me. (Crusher goes inside the shuttlecraft) Well, no radiation so far. I'm sure you're glad to hear that. Right. [Mercenary Bridge] Well, that's my third scan and I still haven't find anything out of the ordinary. I'd have a hard time defending that as part of a safety inspection. Worf, we're on pretty shaky ground as it is. We can't just (the raiding party beams in. Riker stuns an incoming crewman) You could say that. In the Observation lounge with Data and Troi.
Wesley? (She hands him his case, and hugs him) Take care. Something the matter? Something in the message? Where are you going? [Bridge]
Welcome home. You really do that cadet uniform justice, Wesley. So what kind of game is this? Yes, Data. I need to ask you to do something for me. I'm working on a new experiment with bioactive silicon. Would you reprogram this tricorder to these specifications? I'm sorry to bother you with it, but I need it done quickly. He came in complaining of a servo malfunction but my scans came out negative. Then he just collapsed. His biosystems and positronic functions seem to check out, and his power cells are active. Wesley. I'm embarrassed to say. This was meant for you. But it was so much fun, I couldn't resist. It's a game. Riker brought it back from Risa. Everybody's playing it. Want to try? Geordi's still working on him. He's going to be fine. No. Wesley, you are on vacation. You have done enough already. Are you in a hurry? Really. With who? Why don't you invite her here? We can all play the game together. I can replicate a couple more. Sorry. It's just that I want to spend some time together while you're here. Okay. Just one game. Come on, try it on for size. Have a good time. Wesley? Wesley? It's okay, Wesley. It's okay, Wesley. It won't hurt. You'll like it. That's right, Wesley. just let it go. Yes, just let yourself go. Relax. (the Bridge lights dim and Data enters. He shines a strobing flashlight into everyone's faces and they 'wake up')
That is remarkable. You remembered such vivid detail. Captain, Mister Tarmin gave us a demonstration of his abilities this afternoon. It's fascinating. Perhaps you would like to resurrect some memories. I'm sure you'd be ideal, and you must have some intriguing memories. Any change, Doctor Martin? I've tried standard revival techniques. She doesn't respond. Until I find out what's caused this, I don't want to try anything more extreme. No. She was found in her quarters this morning when she didn't show up for an appointment. She was dressed for bed but the bed hadn't been slept in. I'll check the biofilter readings from the Ullian transporter log. It's possible they could still be carrying a harmful organism. [Ten Forward] Will? Will, I promise I'll let you know the minute that she regains consciousness. There's nothing you can do here. You'll wear yourself out. It's late. Go to bed. That's an order. [Riker's quarters] (Riker is using a PADD when suddenly he is dreaming about being back in - ) [Engineering] (there's an emergency, and the blast doors are being lowered. The sequence keeps going around in a loop) I compared Deanna's brain scan to one that I took during her last physical. There is a difference. This time there's a trace of electropathic activity. I found the same pattern. If I didn't know better, I'd say they both had Iresine syndrome. That's the only medical condition that would produce that pattern. A very rare neurological disorder first diagnosed in the twenty third century. It's characterised by an identical electropathic residue. Iresine is always accompanied by a severely decreased histamine count. Both Will and Deanna showed normal levels. I've asked Commander La Forge to conduct a shipwide diagnostic to determine any other agent that might cause the same electropathic pattern. That's true, but there is something curious. The electropathic residue I discovered is located in the thalamus. That's the area of the cerebral cortex that involves memory function. [Ullian's quarters] In further study of the victims, I detected some abnormal patterns in the area of the brain that involves memory. If I could do further examinations tomorrow. Perhaps monitor you during a memory probe. Thank you. I'll contact you in the morning. [Sickbay] You're the only person on board to undergo a memory probe by the Ullians. I'd like to do a neurological work up and see if I can detect any residual effect. Doctor Martin will monitor your vital signs while I conduct the scan. Have you had any unusual symptoms since the probe? Headaches? Dizziness? Electrical activity is normal. CPK levels are normal. Hippocampus is stable, and the thalamus? The thalamus is normal. There is no indication at all of the electropathic residual. Oh, you're fine, Keiko. But I am no closer to solving this mystery. [Engineering] No, thanks. I was just doing some reading on the Iresine syndrome. If a new strain has developed, that might explain the normal histamine count. Not so far. It's important to me. I have to see him. To see him. To see him. To see him. (on their way to the morgue) It's good of you to come. I have to face the fact that he's gone. It's good of you to come with me. They have been in contact with us already. Thank you.
It's just a mild concussion. You're going to be fine. This will reduce the inflammation. Yes. Well, it's just the way I am. I've never really thought about what it's like. Colour? That's true. Oh, no. Men want to be attractive too, believe me. They just go about it differently. No colour. They like to pretend they're not doing anything to attract a woman, even when it's the most important thing on their minds. Neither. In the past, women were often considered weak and inferior. But that hasn't been true for a long time. (Riker enters) Will, your co-pilot is going to be fine. The injury was minor. I don't see any problem. But if you feel any symptoms, headache, dizziness, come back. Let me get this straight. Are you saying it's a woman's game because women are weak and need more help? And just this afternoon I was insisting to one of the J'naii that those attitudes were but a distant memory. Well one of them seems to be overcoming the differences, at least in regards to one of us. I could be wrong, but I get the definite impression that Soren is attracted to Commander Riker. They've been oxygen deprived. There doesn't seem to be any significant damage. Prepare some dexalin.
About once a week. No. I had one of my assistants do that. No, nothing. In fact, he rarely spoke at all. Well, yes, he gave him his injection. I think so, perhaps in Ten Forward. I don't understand what relevance that has. It was an innocent social gathering.
As far as I can tell, he's real. He's human. His DNA is a little unusual, but all the major systems are there and functioning normally. It's very romantic, but until we know just what it was that walked off the holodeck, I don't think we should be trying it again. A miniature holodeck?
I thought we agreed you'd come to me before checking Starfleet Medical Database. Reg, you don't have Terrelian Death Syndrome. I'm sure. No, no. I don't see anything wrong with you at all. Wait a minute, there is a slight imbalance in your K three cell count. Barclay, I'm sure it's nothing. Look, I'll run a microcellular scan. We'll see. This'll take a couple of minutes. (enter Data carrying something in his arms) How's my smallest patient doing? Oh, she's getting close. You'll have a fresh litter of hungry kittens before the week is over. Let me just run an amniotic scan to make sure everything's fine and then I'll Excuse me. Alyssa, can you take care of Spot for a minute? Start a preliminary amniotic scan. You're right, it is elevated. You've also got heightened electrophoretic activity. Well, based on this, I'd say you've got seventy, maybe eighty years. Yes, Reg. What you've got a mild case of Urodelan Flu. It's nothing serious. Most humans have a natural immunity to it, but the T-cell in your DNA that would normally fight off the infection is dormant. You have one dormant gene out of a hundred thousand, and I can activate that gene with a synthetic T-cell let the body attack the infection naturally. You should feel better in a couple of days. Good. Now, stay away from Medical Database. (to Riker) And you stay out of the Arboretum. Alyssa? Oh, Alyssa, that's wonderful! How did Andrew take the news? Your temperature has dropped almost eight degrees. I want to run a hypothalamic series right away. Call Doctor Selar and Doctor Hacopian. It looks like we've got some sort of viral infection going on around here. I want to check on Lieutenant Worf. (at another bed, Worf is under guard) Worf, have you had any unusual symptoms lately? Headaches, nausea, dizziness? Worf? Worf, do you hear me? I going to run a full bioscan. I want you to lie down. (he doesn't move.) Okay, we can do this sitting up. What is this? (a growth on his jaw line) Worf, how long have you had this on your neck? It looks like it's full of some bioacidic compound, almost like a venom sac. Worf, open your mouth. (Worf opens his mouth and sprays venom into Beverly's face. She collapses, screaming in pain and Worf escapes) No. In a way it's mine. I didn't realise it at the time, but there's an anomaly in your genetic chemistry that caused the synthetic T-cell to mutate. Instead of activating one dormant gene, it started activating all of them, including your introns. You and every other member of the crew. The T-cell became airborne and started to spread like a virus. You know, Reg, this is a completely new disease, and it's traditional to classify a new disease with the name of the first diagnosed patient. That's right. How about Barclay's Protomorphosis Syndrome? He transformed into a spider and now he has a disease named after him.
You sent for me, sir? A what? Of course. But I don't often encounter them. I don't see a thing wrong. With your head. I see nothing physically wrong, but I want to run some additional scans in Sickbay. Is an order to report to Sickbay. From the one person aboard this ship who can give you an order. Only when my way makes sense, Captain. There are still forty minutes before the Ferengi beam over. I'll have these scans done in ten. As simple? You should not have a headache unless there's something wrong, sir. It may be true that headaches were once quite common, but that was in the days before the brain was charted, before we understood the nature of pain. When we were suffering from such things as the common cold. I haven't the slightest idea. (she puts something against his temple) Feel better. Medical fakery. The pain is actually still there. It's just cloaked. I'll want further exams. When the Ferengi matter is settled. [Bridge] (Wesley enters, in his new acting Ensign uniform. It looks awful) Like before? You said you felt something yourself. There's nothing burning, Jean-Luc. I'll do better than that. I'll go along. [Observation lounge] (All the senior staff are seated around the long table) And after I have another look at you, Captain. [Stargazer Bridge] (Tasha and Data are exploring by torchlight) How do you feel, Captain? Captain? Another headache? This really worries me. I want you back on the Enterprise. I'll see they're sent to your Enterprise quarters. [Bridge] Not resting, Captain? Over here. I wish to hell I knew, Captain, but something unusual has definitely been happening to you. Why do captains always act like they're immortal? (she tries another painkiller) You didn't tell me it had been this bad. This should help a little. It's got to be some kind of emotional pressure connected with the Stargazer. Want to talk about it? I'm here. Did you have a choice? Commander Riker's told me about the altered log, if that's what's troubling you. Something to let you sleep. (She helps him to his bed) Number One, I'd like you to take a look at this brain scan graph. What are you doing here? Of course you are, but I Under protest, Captain. (Crusher leaves) Obviously, there's some thought process disorder, but I can't find a physical reason for it. Anything? I'm busy at the moment, Wesley. No, they might be affecting the Captain. To Riker. (Crusher and Troi leave) The captain, Commander? My son. Transmissions which exactly match certain anomalies found in the Captain's brain scans. Something over there is affecting the Captain's thought patterns. So, he may not have even known it was there. And if this is able to pick up or magnify thought-altering transmissions
It's good to see you. He seems fine. We're giving everyone a thorough checkups in Sickbay.
Seven card stud, one-eyed jacks are wild. You know, I have always been a little suspicious of men with beards. I don't know. It's as if they're trying to hide something. I know. But after the razor was invented I think beards became mostly a fashion statement. Sure, and of course, women can't grow beards. I do. But there's nothing wrong with that. I mean, women wear makeup and nail polish. I just think it's time you men admitted it. Oh? Well then you wouldn't mind shaving it off. Okay, then why don't we up the stakes a little? And if I win, all off you shave your beards off. I'm open for suggestions. Oh, I did that once when I was thirteen. I couldn't change back fast enough. Fine. If one of you wins, I become a brunette. Are we on? Looks like you have the hand to beat, Commander. I'm in two hundred. Wait! I almost got in under your guard, Worf. Well, I'll keep that in mind next lesson. (Data enters) Only my pride, Data. (to Worf) Thanks. (Worf leaves) (pause) That is a big question. Why do you ask? Well, the broadest scientific definition might be that life is what enables plants and animals to consume food, derive energy from it, grow, adapt themselves to their surroundings and reproduce. In general, yes. Fire? Fire is a chemical reaction. You could use the same argument for growing crystals, but obviously we don't consider them alive. That's true, but you are unique. Data, if I may ask. Have a seat. What exactly are youe getting at? I remember Wesley asking me a similar question when he was little, and I tried desperately to give him an answer, but everything I said sounded inadequate. Then I realised that scientists and philosophers had been grappling with that question for centuries without coming to any conclusion. No, I think I'm saying that we struggle all our lives to answer it, but it's the struggle that's important. That's what helps us to define our place in the universe. I don't think I've been very much help, Data. Deliberately? If they are intelligent life forms, we have no right to force them to work for us. Tricorders aren't alive. Commander Riker said you'd still be down here. He also said the exocomp failed the test. This was really important to you, wasn't it? Wasn't it's supposed to do that? I distracted you. I'm sorry. What? I thought this was just a simulation. And then replicated the correct tool to eliminate the false overload signal. The exocomp didn't fail the test, it saw right through it. Captain's log, stardate 46317.8. At Doctor Farallon's request, I have agreed to tour the station and assess the situation personally. I must decide soon whether it is in Starfleet's best interest to recommend the particle fountain as a reliable technology. [Particle fountain laboratory]
Your blood chemistry is way off. You had a histamine response, to what I don't know. I'm going to run a complete blood and tissue analysis. Until we have some answers, I don't want you to leave the Enterprise. Look, Commander, you may have just had an anxiety reaction down there, but I've got to know for sure. I gave him a complete bioscan. The results say he's in perfect shape. The parameters are pretty broad, Data. Any match we make is going to be inconclusive at best. You're worried about Geordi, aren't you? for you to feel anxiety. Her blood pressure's still falling. Apply the T-cell stimulator. We have got to stabilise her immune system. (Alyssa goes off, Picard and Geordi enter) She has developed an extreme sensitivity to light. We're trying to make her as comfortable as we can. (Picard and Crusher leave Geordi to approach Susanna, who is covered in protruding blue veins on purple skin. Her eyes are green vertical slits on yellow) This is one of Susanna's altered skin cells, and this is one of the alien cells Data found. Jean-Luc, I think the people from Tarchannen Three who disappeared weren't abducted. I think they were transformed into another species. The T-cell stimulator will slow the rate of change, but until I find the cause. No. I checked the cell wall integrity. It's viability is extremely low. I don't think it's possible for Susanna to transmit it. I wish I knew. The only thing I do know, Geordi, is that it's very possible that you'll be next. I gave Susanna a bioscan, too. I didn't find anything wrong with her, either. Brevelle was sick for days before he left. Mendez was normal an hour before she disappeared. You may have weeks or very few hours. Geordi, until I know what we're dealing with, I think you should stay here, in Sickbay. And Geordi, if you have symptoms of any kind, I want to know immediately. That's all right. What's happened? Her skin is simulating light. A radiant reaction. Some sort of mimetic ability? It's as if she's generating a disruptive field. I can barely get any readings off her now. What's her rate of transformation? That's not possible. It should have been inhibited by the T-cell stimulator. Unless. If there's a foreign body inside her that's producing these changes, something like a viral crche. I want a full genetic analysis. We're going to examine any abnormality we find no matter how insignificant it seems. [Engineering] There, in the thymus. Some sort of parasite. It's using Susanna's immune system to spread genetic instructions. She could have become infected during the original mission. It's small enough to have entered through any of the mucous membranes. But it certainly isn't behaving like a typical parasite. It isn't feeding off of her. It's transforming her DNA to match its own. And we're going to need unaltered genes or we'll never get her back. We've got to get that thing out of her now. [Bridge] But it's going to be a few more hours before we know how her regenerative systems are responding. In the meantime, we'd better get Commander La Forge down here. Crusher to La Forge. Computer, locate Commander La Forge. Bridge, the Computer says Commander La Forge is no longer on board. Is that correct? [Bridge] The skin develops mimetic capabilities. He may still be on board, but undetectable to our sensors. [Holodeck - Tarchannen] (Worf, Riker and two security guards enter) He's going to need a sedative. Give me ten cc's of kayolane. Say, you look a lot better than you did an hour ago. We've removed some kind of parasite from your thymus. Yes. Try to stay calm. An away team is preparing to search for him. Geordi? Crusher to Enterprise. Lock on to Commander Leitjen's signal. Prepare to beam two directly to Sickbay. Here's your visor, Geordi. Geordi, this species, can you communicate with it?
Easy, Deanna. Back on the Enterprise. You're going to be okay. You're experiencing the afterimages of the electromagnetic discharge. The sensation will pass. They're all fine, too. Now, I want you to take your time, Counsellor. Doctor's orders. (Picard enters) Mostly minor abrasions. Commander Riker took the worst of it with a broken arm. Captain, I've compared the away team's last transporter trace patterns to their earlier records. They're exactly the same, except in Troi, Data and O'Brien there's an unusual synaptic activity. Some kind of anionic energy. It may be another lifeform superimposing its neural patterns on our people. I don't know. The only difference between you and the others was that you were injured. The fracture caused pain receptors to fire, which may have made you immune to this energy. It might force whatever it is out of our people. If this is going to work, we have to have some way to contain or neutralise this anionic energy once it's out of our people. This anionic energy seems to be vulnerable to the same magnetic flux density we monitored in the storms. If we can duplicate it, we can trap it [Jefferies tube] I can have the containment field ready by then. They have the same anionic signature we saw on the biofilter scans. How do you feel? That's a good sign. Go home.
Get him to Sickbay. He's not going anywhere, Lieutenant. We thought it would be like working on Vulcans, but there are subtle differences. Too many of them. He has cell damage to vital areas. He's going to need a transfusion of compatible ribosomes in order to recover. I'm setting up a schedule to test every member of the crew. The molecules are too complex. I can't answer that yet. I can bring him around for a few minutes. But there is one serious complication. His brainwaves indicate early neural-pathway degeneration. There's no obvious cranial trauma. I'm guessing his exposure to the magnetic fields on the surface was slowly breaking down his synaptic connections. He'll be conscious for a minute or two. I want him off all the drugs. They're not doing anything. Doctor Crusher to Picard. My patient is not responding [Bridge] The lab is still processing the tests. Early results indicate humans have far [Sickbay] Too many bio-rejection factors. I've also ruled out the Vulcans we've tested. [Bridge] Lieutenant, good. Come in. Please sit down. We have finally found a compatible ribosome match for the Romulan. But only one. You. Different species, yes. But many humanoids have comparable cell structures. And you have what this Romulan needs. There's absolutely no risk to you. You did understand that was the purpose of all the testing? You have an objection to being a donor? Lieutenant, I understand your feelings about the Romulans, but this is not the time or place. This Romulan didn't murder your parents. And you are the only one who can save his life. Lieutenant, his life is coming to an end. I thought it important for you to see him again. It's not too late to change your mind. (Crusher leaves)
I'll help. Easy. Easy. (She and a male nurse get Paul onto a bed) I've got his legs. How long has he been like this? I need to do some tests. (Picard, Riker and Data enter) Excuse me. He's resting. But I'd like you to undergo some tests as well. My nurse will start them. I gathered that. It's her husband I'm more concerned with at the moment. I believe he's dying. His neurochemistry's been affected, but I don't know how or why. I've never encountered anything like it before. Maybe a couple of days. It's hard to predict. All I can do is maintain him or attempt to maintain him until I find out what's causing the damage. Not now. Not yet. [Turbolift] (Picard, Data and Riker are about to enter) Bridge, this is Doctor Crusher. Professor Manheim is conscious. What is? What do you see? With what? Are you in pain? Try to stay calm, Doctor Manheim. I don't think it's going to help you struggling against it. I wish I could talk to you, Professor Manheim. I bet you were really something. (Troi enters) Deanna. The same. Nothing I do seems to make any difference. That's not why you're here. Why wouldn't I be? I've got one of the medical wonders of the galaxy dying in my sickbay. I don't think I want to talk about what I think you mean. I can't compete with a ghost from his past. No one could. She may be in the here and now, but it's the ghost he sees. Excuse me, I have to get back to my patient. [Bridge] Doctor Manheim is awake and asking to speak with you, Captain. Alone. [Bridge] This is amazing. All your readings are completely normal. (Picard enters) She's right here. He needs rest. There might be some residual effects, but other than that, he'll be all right.
The contamination's been neutralised. The water's clean. With tricyanate? That's hard to believe. It's slow to assimilate, difficult to replicate, and hard to transport. There are a lot easier ways to poison a water supply. More effective ways too. It might pass for a natural disaster. And since there's only one way to treat it, with hytritium, maybe somebody figured we couldn't locate it. It is hard to find. It doesn't add up. The cost of producing tricyanate is very expensive. He wouldn't make a profit on it. Quite the contrary.
You make it sound so real. Incredible. (She wipes the lipstick off his face) Yes, I'd like that. Who? Whalen? Exciting? You know I had some trouble getting through. Where's Captain Picard? Pardon? What is he, a fish? Why aren't we all being interrogated? Maybe I should go and help him. Well, why should he have all the fun? (She sits down and copies the woman next to here by crossing her legs and pulling up her skirt slightly) Something on your mind? Is that good? Have a good time? Why, thank you, Mister Hill. We are on the Enterprise. Do we have time to see your office? There's massive internal bleeding. We have to get him to Sickbay. If we don't get him to sickbay, he will die! I'm losing his pulse! It's no use. It's just not there. I could use some light. (Data carries a standard lamp over, and is baffled when it goes out because the plug has come out of the wall. Picard plugs it in nearer the patient) (Leech returns with a gunman and a fat man) I wish you'd quit asking, since it's obvious you're going to do it anyway. It's just a waste of time. He's not dead. You've already done that. This man is dying. This whole thing is senseless. Captain, the exit.
Forty cc's inaprovaline. Yes, Captain. I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a little concerned. I haven't been able to determine the cause of death. She was elderly. and Alkar said she had been ill, but I found no evidence of any disease. I did find abnormally high levels of neurotransmitter residue in her cerebral cortex. I'd like to do an autopsy. I've already spoken to Alkar, and he informs me that Lumerian custom forbids it. Could you speak with him? Well, no. Geordi, could this log have been damaged in any way? There's a discrepancy between the log and the tricorder readings I took just three days later. The tricorder shows massive physiological deterioration compared with her condition when she beamed aboard. I find it hard to believe that so much damage could have occurred in such a short period of time. Thanks. Of course, the best way to get the information I need would be to do an autopsy. [Ten Forward] And you don't know of anything that might have caused her to behave like that? Computer, location of Counsellor Troi. Let's go. [Transporter room] All of the systems in her body have elevated readings. Take her to Sickbay. I want to see you in Sickbay too. We'll have to sedate her. Twenty cc's of melorazine. How's it feeling? It'll disappear in a day or two. If you remember, I found extremely high levels of neurotransmitter residue in Alkar's mother. I don't know. I need to do that autopsy. I don't care about the customs of Alkar's people. I need to find out if there's a connection between what killed Maylor and what's happening to Troi. I don't have any explanation for this. When I examined Maylor's body, I found her heart, her lungs, her skeletal structure, most of the systems in her body were those of a thirty year old. That's not all. I compared Maylor and Alkar's DNA. I don't know who that woman was, but she was definitely not his mother. Deanna's condition is deteriorating rapidly. She could die. There are questions that only Alkar can answer. If Alkar is flooding her with this psychic waste, that would explain the high level of neurotransmitters. All these negative emotions pouring into her have caused an abnormal chemical response in her brain. Enzymic decontaminants will be able to reduce the level of the neurotransmitters, but I can't make any headway unless Alkar stops what he's doing. Then Deanna has to die. In order to save Deanna, Alkar has to break his link with her. And the only he'll do that is if she's no longer an adequate receptacle. When Maylor died, Alkar turned immediately to Deanna. I'll be able to resuscitate her, Will, as long as it's not more than thirty minutes. The big question is, will that be enough time? Alkar has to establish a link with someone else before we revive Deanna, or else he might turn back to her. I'll give her a hypospray of dylamadon. It's the gentlest way. Computer, make a note. Death occurred at fourteen thirty hours from respiratory and renal failure. Three minutes and forty seconds. We have a minute and a half left. Prepare a hypospray of cordrazine. We'll use that in conjunction with the cortical stimulator. We can't wait any longer. Release the stasis field. Ten cc's of cordrazine. Ten cc's cordrazine. Cortical stimulators. Now. [Alkar's quarters] Again. Let's neutralise the neurotransmitters. Initiate decontamination sequence. Not yet. We won't know if it's working till the levels are below three hundred percent. (Alkar's stone begins to glow as Troi wakes up) [Alkar's quarters] (Alkar drops his stone and grabs his head) Now.
The vaccine, sir. The vaccine. I'm a physician, I've seen death, but not on the scale this could mean. And we can't. The sample works fine when used as an injection, but it becomes unstable when we try to replicate it. You must get the vaccine from the planet, Captain. As much as you can. Immediately. You've never had to watch a patient die from this disease. Damn. Where are the calluses we doctors are supposed to grow over our feelings? May I speak about my son, Wesley? He seems quite interested in starship operations. And speaking as a mother, of course, he seems quite knowledgeable. He's on the turbolift. You'll remember you ordered him to stay off of the Bridge. [Bridge] Why Tasha? It's showing the infection rates, percentage illness increases. The plague on Styris Four has flared up out of control. Captain's orders too. Sorry, that clashes with my instructions. (She injects Yareena) I am a physician and saw her die. If you doubt this poison, why don't you test it on yourself?
No. Why don't we take a break for tonight? I think we've made a lot of progress. There's such a thing as over-rehearsing, Will. You're going to be fine. Thank you, Data. Your character feels at odds with everyone, as if the world's against him. Yes, that's what your character is going through. But I want you, Will Riker, to relax. It'll be wonderful. You're going to knock 'em dead. Boy, you will do anything to get out of doing this play, but you're going to have to do something better than this. Don't get any ideas. I will see you on stage at eighteen hundred hours. There was no damage to the nerves so you shouldn't be feeling any pain. Hypospray. Get me twenty cc's of opporozine. Treat the surface burns with the anabolic stabiliser. Have one standing by just in case. Get me an epidermal sample. Begin dermal regeneration. Have tissue regrowth standing by. I want him sedated. [Ten Forward] Deanna mentioned that you went to bed early because you were feeling a little anxious about the play, but I had no idea. You said that in your dream, we performed the play. How'd it go? Let's hope it goes that well tonight. Well, we have got one hour before curtain. How are you feeling? Well, you're certainly beginning to look the part. [Theatre - Asylum cell] (prompt) And when I show a glimmer of independent thought Will, are you all right? Why don't we get him to Sickbay. [Sickbay] There's nothing wrong with you neurologically, and I can't find anything that could cause the hallucinations. But your heart rate is way up and your blood pressure's way above normal. And you're physically exhausted. Will, you know that when you're under conditions of extreme stress the mind can manufacture all kinds of things. Nothing. No, nobody. Get some rest, Will. The play is over. Don't give it another thought. Commander, do you know who I am? Do you know where you are? If you can't answer, just listen. You were on an undercover mission to Tilonus Four. Something happened. We were told that you killed somebody, but we do not believe it's true. We're being blocked at every turn. The hospital Administrator denies you're here at all. We're beginning to think that there's some kind of a conspiracy going on. I had to come in here posing as a health official. Sit tight, Commander. We're going to get you out of here. (she leaves) There's damage to the parietal lobe. It's as if someone's trying to access his long-term memory. He's in a severe state of neural shock. It's going to take him a while to recover. It's minor. Don't worry about it. Will, try to calm down. Will, don't do it! (Riker fires, and the Sickbay shatters. Picard, Worf and Crusher are replaced by) [Asylum cell] Are you sure you want to do this by yourself? The stage crew and I were going to do it tomorrow morning.
Excuse me, gentlemen, the test results are ready if you'd like to hear them. Your genetic code is a cross between the DNA of your mother, Miranda Vigo, and your father Jean-Luc Picard. [Picard's quarters] Jean-Luc, come in. So, what's he like? Keep in mind he's had twenty years to be angry that his father wasn't there. It's going to take some time to get over those feelings. But I do think it's possible. Maybe you're right. But I think you should consider this. Are you doing the best thing for Jason or what's easiest for you? [Jason's quarters] (doorbell) That should do it. Let's run a level three bioscan just to be sure. Let's go. [Jason's quarters] (Jason appears to be having a fit. Crusher gives him a hypo) [Sickbay] Have you had any other seizures like this before? When did it first start to happen? You have a condition called the Forrester Trent syndrome. It's a degenerative neurological disorder. Very rare. If it goes untreated, it could result in paralysis, even death. I'm going to start you on a neuro-stabilisation regimen. If we're lucky, it will halt the degeneration, and maybe reverse its effects. The disease is hereditary. I know your father doesn't have it. Was your mother prone to these seizures? There have been some cases reported where the disease was instigated by a random mutation. I'll run a microcellular scan and see if that's what happened. In the meantime, I want you to try to take it easy and get some rest. (Jason leaves) I wish I could say for certain, but I'm not sure how he'll respond to treatments. You know, I don't think anyone is born knowing how to be a parent. You just sort of figure it out as you go. But the one quality that tends to be a requirement for parenthood is patience. Maybe, but why waste time blaming yourself for not having been there? Just be here for him now. And be patient. [Ready room] Yes. It's about Jason. I've finished the microcellular scan I was running. There's something you need to know, [Bridge]
Telurian plague. The telurian plague. Was it cured? I mean, did they find the cure by your century? Oh, it can't do any harm to ask that. Of course he is. All the things he could tell us. All the things he would like to tell us. He's human, all right. Professor, come and join us. Not at all. I'm sure you're the topic of conversation at every table in this room. They hadn't perfected quarantine fields. You probably saw some surgical masks and gloves. What is it? What are you getting from him? Professor, is everything alright? Are you well? I don't see why not. Give me a minute. (Beverly leaves) Well, it's nice to see you two are finally getting along. (reading a PADD from a nurse) Why don't you try a berylite scan? I'd be interested to see where his micro-levels are. (the nurse leaves them) So, what else can I show you? Well, curiosity is why all of us are out here, isn't it? More vibrant. That's nice, I like that. You're not supposed to be influencing the past, remember? And I am beginning to feel a little influenced. Anyway, I could be your great, great, great, great, grandmother. [Bridge] A very nice performance.
Let's go. No! There are five more of them heading this way from another tunnel. There was no chance to go back for the Captain. We barely made it back to the Ferengi cargo ship ourselves. I don't feel so smart. You're still gambling hundreds of lives. Have Sickbay ready for the casualties you're about to send me.
It's all right. We're finished. Waiter? (Big explosion in the plaza. Screams, injured passers by, alarms going off. Beverly rushes to help) Put that away. I'm a doctor. (to an injured woman) Just lie still. Try not to move. Lieutenant Worf, I need some bandages, disinfectant, something with alcohol in it. That's an order, Lieutenant. (She goes to the next casualty)  Don't be afraid. There's a lot of bleeding, but it's not as bad as it looks. Who are not here. I am. Thank you. (The waiter puts a bottle down too) Thank you. Go ahead. I already know what you're going to say. The longer we argue, the longer [Bridge] Captain, I am trying to put life back into a wounded body with sleight of hand. I'm not going anywhere. Data and Worf [Bridge] You don't understand. I'm a (Then Beverly and the man vanish again) [Observation lounge] Why have you brought me here? There are doctors on Rutia. Who told you that? What are you talking about? We don't. All we did was bring People were hurt. I have a son. I need some instruments from my ship in order to diagnose this. When I inform the Captain how serious the situation is, I'm sure he'll agree. I've told you, Finn, the Federation is not allied with Rutians. We're here on an errand of mercy. Absolutely. These are Federation supplies. The ones we had delivered to the medical dispensary. Thank you. You're very helpful. You could learn to do this when you grow up. If you grow up. (She goes over to Finn) They're dying. I'm seeing a complicated set of conditions. Their DNA is warped somehow, and it's distorting their entire cellular chemistry. I can make them more comfortable. That's all. The damage is too extensive. [Cavern] If I could detect their condition earlier Perhaps. I don't know. What happened to them? What does it do? Dimensional shifting? You can't do that with humanoid tissue. You're showing the same distorted readings. Not as severe as the others, but It does if it kills you. It's okay. Over there. (She sees what he's drawing - her hand holding another hand) You should be drawing, not killing people. How can you have such a casual attitude toward killing? I live in an ideal culture. There's no need for your kind of violence. We've proven that. North America. Washington was a military general, not a terrorist. You are killing innocent people! Can't you see the immorality of what you're doing or have you killed so much you've become blind to it? I'm sure you've misunderstood. All they want is to get me back safely. To find a way to reverse the effects of the dimensional shift? I can do that right now. Stop using it! I have a life, Finn. I have a son who needs me. Yes. No. We are not your enemy. Please. Please, Finn, don't do this. I will do anything you ask. Was Wes on the Bridge? Yes, they needed a doctor. Yes. He's had good role models. I'm sorry. If I'd only gone back to the ship. You wouldn't dare. Without my permission? If you'd give reasonable orders, I'd obey. There aren't any exits to the surface. A mode of travel I'd encourage you to avoid. It's killing them. I don't know any more. The difference between a madman and a committed man willing to die for a cause. It's all become blurred over the last few days. I know. I understand that. But their leader, Finn, he's not what you'd expect. But he did have reasons. The medical supplies, the arrests. Jean-Luc, if we really examined our role in all this I'm afraid I can't. Yes. He can help you, Finn. He is very influential. If you could just convince him that your cause is I've talked to him. I'll try. Your places would never be reversed. He would never forcibly abduct you or play games with your life. He would treat you with respect. You've scared the hell out of me, Finn. You've controlled me through fear just like you've tried to control this whole continent. Is that the best you can do? Is fear the only weapon you have? You know what scares me the most, Finn? It scares me to think that you might win this fight and gain real power. I don't know. But I don't want you to start thinking about He's prepared to kill you. Jean-Luc, there are some things I want to tell you in case we don't get out of this. (Then the lights go out) Finn! (Alexana shoots Finn in the back. Worf frees Picard) He's dead. No more killing. (The boy lowers the gun and is taken away) I hear I owe my rescue to you.
What happened? I got it. Lieutenant Worf, can you hear what I'm saying? Let's get him up. (to medic) Are you okay? [Ready room] Yes. Normal. Yes, perfectly. Both of us. Quite normal now. (Worf wakes suddenly) Yes. (She looks at the computer monitor he's studying) Tell me about it. Would that affect navigation? Oh yes, the helm's located on the Bridge. (Beverly leaves) This is the helm. You will wish to know Lieutenant Worf is much improved. Ready to return to duty. A temporary mental aberration. Then I will first have to run some crosschecks on the library computer. Klingons are so unusual in their reactions, aren't they? Why am I? Yes. Yes. I'll do my work in my office. That's where I should be. Hi. Solve any new problems today? Wes, you're only an acting ensign. You've got to let the commissioned officers do some of the work. When were you telling me about that? Honestly, I don't remember. [Engineering] (Singh taps at a console, then the blue energy zaps into his body and throws him onto the floor. Worf finds him) Yes, concerning your memory blackout. The same thing happened to me. Yes. He's lying on the hospital bed sedated. I'm walking up to him. I. I feel someone else. There's someone else who's there. Not alone. Get out. Get out of my mind. It seems the only possible conclusion. Exactly what do you believe you're sensing from him? I'd need a medical log citing clear evidence of incapacity. You could do it without that problem. As second in command, it's still in your corner. I'll order medical and psychiatric exams. You'll have to back me up somehow. First Officer's log, supplemental. After meeting with the senior officers, Doctor Crusher and I decided to approach the Captain regarding his recent behaviour. [Ready room] I'd like you to come to Sickbay for some examinations, Captain. I'd like to conduct them now, sir. I'm concerned that you've suddenly turned the ship away from it's course. No, sir. [Corridor] (Someone uses a florescent green lasso on Riker) Here are the results from the exams you ordered, sir. You don't care to inspect them? Please, are you Jean-Luc? The Jean-Luc I know? The more frightens me. You and? Captain Picard, you are now relieved from duty. I judge you to be disabled and mentally incapacitated. (Picard sends blue energy into the ship's systems and through all the Bridge crew)
What kind of resistance should we expect? Look at this. This is extraordinary. (An upside down pyramid on the ceiling, throbbing with power) What if we look at this from a mosquito's point of view. If we sting them in a tender spot, they might stop for a minute to scratch. (Further on, at an intersection with control panels) Crusher to Picard. Can you hear me? Jean-Luc! (He turns to face us, and a red laser attachment stares us in the eye) Will, he's alive. If we could get him back to the ship, I might be able to restore
You're worried about Nikolai, aren't you? Are the two of you close? You never talk much about him. What's he like? That's not unusual. Sounds intriguing. I look forward to meeting him. [Passageway] (Worf beams into an underground cavern complex and starts scanning) But aren't we interfering either way? If we take no action, it's a conscious decision to let the Boraalans die. There are countless M class planets in Federation space which can support the Boraalans. We need to narrow the parameters. There are constant border disputes in that sector. That's pretty isolated. No, Data, you're right. It's just that the enormity of what we're doing is overwhelming. We are deciding the future of a species. There are so many questions we don't have answers to. What if the climate is so different that it affects them in a way that we can't anticipate? How do we even know they'll be able to survive? And if they do, how will their society evolve and what impact will it have on the Vaccan system? We have no idea what this decision will mean to their future. All right, Data. Vacca Six it is. I'm sorry, there is nothing I can do. His neural physiology is unusual. I can't wipe his memory. As well as can be expected. I've given him a mild sedative and Troi's been speaking with him. And he seems much calmer. I think so. I think it was some form of ritual suicide. He would have died even if we hadn't interfered. Are you saying you're sorry we saved the Boraalans?
I understand the Horatio was in orbit around Dytallix. Did you see Walker? Oh. I would have loved to have seen him. Let's find out. [Sickbay] Retinal scans are an exact match It really is Quinn. I'm going to have to do a complete internal scan. What is that? (A pointed something sticking out, wiggling) [Ante room] May I speak freely? [Ante room] A parasitic being has invaded Quinn's body. It has complete control over all brain functions. It seems to breath through a small gill protruding from the back of Quinn's neck. [Ante room] I've never seen anything like it before. It's okay. He won't be waking up for a long time. [Ante room] The parasite appears to stimulate the victim's adrenal glands, generate great strength [Ante room] Not without killing the patient. Captain. [Ante room]
I'm ready. Commander Riker? Could you come here, please. Lieutenant Joshua Kelly. He was the ship's engineer. He has second and third degree burns over most of his body, but I don't think they were the cause of his death. I'm like to take him back to do an autopsy. [Transporter room] I'd like to take a closer look at those burns. Take a tissue sample, please. Damage to the epidermis only. Initiate a circulatory probe. His heart's beating! Cardio-stimulator. Now. It's gone. Now the respiratory system's active. What the hell is going on? [Ten Forward] (Barclay goes to a table with a glass of water, then clutches his arm. He pulls up the sleeve to reveal that his skin is glowing purple, then it returns to normal.) [Barclay's quarters] The autopsy showed residual ionisation in every one of Lieutenant Kelly's systems. I think that's what caused the muscular and systemic contractions. There's evidence of electrical burns on the victim's body, as if he was exposed to ionised gas or high energy plasma. I don't see anything wrong with his arm. I'll run a micro-cellular scan of Mister Barclay's arm. It might take some time, but if there's a problem, I'll find it. I'm reading minute levels of residual ionisation in the subdermal tissue of his left arm. The patterns correspond exactly to those we measured in Lieutenant Kelly's body and in the sample container from the science ship. There's no question. You have been exposed to the same high energy plasma they were. You might've been exposed to something from the science ship. You did say something touched your left arm during transport, and that's exactly where the ionisation is focused. It might. I'll have to run a base pair correlation to see if there's any sign of DNA breakdown. I'd like you to wear this monitoring device. It will tell me if there's the slightest sign of increased ionisation. (she fastens a band around his left arm) Some of these microbes are also in your body, Reg. They were in Lieutenant Kelly's body as well. That's what caused the contractions during the autopsy. The imaging scanners still haven't isolated the microbes. The imaging scanners are actuating. Drop the force field. (Worf and two security personnel enter)
Regardless of what she believes, Sela can't be her daughter. I've reviewed all of Tasha's medical records, and there is no indication that she was ever pregnant. Or had her appearance surgically altered.
What's wrong? (to patient) Excuse me. What were you doing? It's broken all right. Give him ten cc's of terakine for the pain. You both must have got a little carried away, that's all. It can happen to anyone. There, all better. Will, it's all right. You made a mistake. No harm done. You'll be better next time.
If you could just hold still? With your metabolism, this will heal in a few moments. Yes. I had a chance to gain some experience recently. And yet they fired at the scout ship. They could have killed him. They're very bad burns. I hardly think He ingested a Felodesine chip. He must have brought it with him. I'm sorry, Captain. There was no antidote.
It's the people from the capsule. The people Data beamed over. Well he did, and they were frozen. I thawed them. I didn't know what else to do. The crypts in which they were frozen were literally falling apart. Right now, they are all sleeping. Each of them needed minor medical attention. Minor now, but then their conditions were obviously terminal. One had a heart problem, another had an advanced case of emphysema with extensive liver damage. You know the most surprising thing of all, is that each of them had been frozen after they died. Cryonics. It was a kind of fad in the late twentieth century. People feared dying. It terrified them. At the moment of death, they would be frozen, so that later, some time in the future, when presumably medical science had a cure for whatever killed them, they could be thawed back to life, healed, and sent on about their business. Alive and well and ready to be awakened. I have them sedated now, but they should be up and about as soon as possible. None that I can see. (Worf enters, and Beverly puts a hypo to the woman's neck. She wakes, sees Picard, then Beverly, and smiles. Then she starts to sit up, sees Worf, and faints) She died of an embolism. It probably happened very suddenly, otherwise her physical condition was excellent. (A nurse wakes Clare up, again) Advanced cardiomyopathy. Inoperable at the time, but easily correctable now. He must have known his condition was terminal for quite some time. (Ralph is woken) There was marked deterioration of every system in his body. Probably from massive chemical abuse. Unbelievable. Too afraid to live, too scared to die. It's perfectly fine. In fact, you are all now in excellent health. She means Worf. Perfectly sound. About three hundred and seventy years ago, you died of a massive embolism. You and the others were frozen. You have no medical need. Sorry. I beg your pardon? You mean Lieutenant Commander Data? I'll let him know you're looking for him. Much obliged. [Clare's quarters] (Family trees are whizzing across the screen)
Have your people begun to suffer from radiation sickness? They left here at oh eight hundred hours. We're projecting that the bulk of the radiation will affect three small island groups. Fortunately, they're very sparsely populated. We'll begin replicating hyronalin now and be ready to transport it to them if it becomes necessary. Please coordinate with all the medical personnel on the planet. I see. Thank you. Deanna, thank you, but I'm all right. And for now, I have work to do. [Bridge] Crusher to Medical unit one, evacuate and seal off all non-operational areas. Group the crew and their families in the interior corridors of decks nine and ten. Radiation exposure protocol. There's going to be a lot of casualties if we can't get there any faster. Then they're gone. Wesley? Wesley. Wesley! Yes. Wesley, thank God! You're okay. Come on. We found the wreckage, and the arrow which indicated your direction. We'll take Wesley by stretcher as well. We're taking you back to the Enterprise. We've stabilised your vital signs. All right, let's go now.
You have a hairline fracture of the humorous. It will ache for a few days, but it should be fine. Other than a couple of bumps and bruises, I'd say you feel fine for a man of a hundred and forty seven. Captain, the first thing you need to get is some rest. Now this has been a shock to your system, and I want you to not push yourself. I'll have someone show you your quarters. (with a hug) Bye. Be well. (just a wary look at Worf, then Scott and Geordi go to the shuttle's rear door)
It's dangerous to generalise about new life forms, but based on my experience with other beings who bear their young in this manner, I'd say that the offspring is still premature. Otherwise, it would be able to break through the outer body shell of the parent. There's no way to tell. We don't have enough information about the bio-functions of the adult, much less the child. If we were in Sickbay, I'd try a Caesarean section. The first priority is to free it from the body of the parent. Yes, that might work. Set phaser power to three percent, narrow beam. All right, here we go. (the phaser cuts across the pulsating belly) Ideally the offspring should now be able to push through the outer shell of the parent by itself. We've done all we can. I don't want to risk hitting the offspring by accident. Captain, I'd like to announce the birth of a large baby something. Perhaps it was its way to a safe and supportive environment for its newborn.
Come on, Geordi. Just try it once. It is not as hard as you think. I'm telling you, you will be terrific. Yes you can! You were terrific! You were a little off pitch, but I think I can take care of that. Okay, La Forge as a modern major general. [Bridge] The shunt is cleared. Can we force them open? Geordi? This wall is hot. It's putting out a lot of radiation. We can't stay in here very long. We can withstand this level of radiation for another three or four hours without any permanent damage. We'll need a few days of hyronalin treatments. They're at eighty three rads and rising at a rate of about four rads per minute. The radiation levels is about twenty percent lower at this end of the bay. Let's move the containers over to here. The levels are still rising. There must be some way to put that fire out. Let's hear it. What about us? What about this? (a ladder up to the second level) Once the air is vented, the first thing you'll feel is extreme pressure in your lungs. You have to resist the temptation to exhale. Next, our hands and feet will get cold, then numb, and some of the capillaries on exposed sections of the skin may burst. We will have about fifteen seconds of useful consciousness, then about ten seconds of extreme disorientation, then we pass out.
I'm sorry I'm late. Oh. Excuse me. I didn't realise you had company. I didn't mean to interrupt. The Captain and I often share morning tea together. Really? When was that? I see. That must have been during your vacation last year. Well, I'm surprised he never mentioned you. Not at the moment. I would be delighted to show it to you. That is, if it's all right with you, Jean-Luc. And this is Ten Forward, where the Council's welcoming reception will be held today. Not often. The Captain is a very private man. Would you like something to drink? I see you two have met. This is Vash, a member of the Archaeology Council. And a friend of the Captain's. They met during his visit to Risa. I'm afraid I won't be able to finish our tour. But perhaps Commander Riker could take over for me. Well, if he's Little John, that makes you I've managed to stop the bleeding. (a horse is heard approaching, then pops in out of thin air)
Let's go. The life signs are weak. (Their way is blocked by what seems to be an oil slick) It's narrower over here. We can get over it. She's dead. [Bridge] I need her in Sickbay now. [Bridge] Unchanged. We'll see. Neural stimulator. Interlock current feeds. Set sensitivity factor to four point four. No. I've got her on full support. There is no independent brain function. Inject norep. Let's go for direct reticular stimulation. Do it! (Tasha jerks from the shock) Increase to seventy microvolts. (Tasha moves less this time) Eighty five microvolts. (nothing) Again. (still nothing) Ninety. Again. Again. She's gone. There was too much synaptic damage. That thing just sucked the life right out of her. There's nothing I can do. [Shuttlecraft] (Armus has slithered over the shuttlecraft, and Troi has found her communicator doesn't work) She didn't do anything. Her phaser was lowered. She was killed in a brutal, senseless act. We're still receiving faint life signs, but the sensor readings are fluctuating. They may not be accurate. I am a doctor. I need to treat our injured friends. Please. How? Troi, can you hear me? [Shuttlecraft] Are you all right? [Shuttlecraft] We've encountered some difficulty. [Shuttlecraft] Our friends are suffering only a few metres away, yet you block our path. Why? What is he made of? I am afraid. No. Then I choose myself. He's alive. Don't move. All signs show normal.
We shouldn't make any hasty decisions, Jean-Luc. The transporter could've beamed them somewhere else. The Romulan ship, another deck of the Enterprise. We should check again. There might be something that we've overlooked and You're right. I just hate making out death certificates. Does Ensign Ro have any family? I'll have the official reports ready within the hour. Look around you, Data. Everybody is sharing their memories of Geordi and Ro, laughing and talking. What could be more appropriate than that?
Commander, take a look at this. (There's red stuff on a sharp piece of metal) Yes, but not human. I'm going to have to do some analysis on it. The two scientists are suffering from phaser stuns. I'd guess several hits each. It'll take us a while to bring them around, but they will recover. We found a sample of blood. It's a rare iron-copper composite, unique to one humanoid species. The Acamarians. He's been dead too long. Cardiac arrest? No, he died of a heart attack, all right, but I can't find the cause. His cardiac muscle is strong and there's no sign of arterial occlusion. [Bridge] I'm thinking. The old Gatherer on the planet? I know what caused his heart attack. The medical tricorder almost missed it, but there was a microvirus in his body, blocking his autonomic nerve impulses. But here's the really interesting part. This microvirus will only attach itself to cells which contain a very specific DNA sequence. Without knowing more about their genetic makeup, I can't be sure. But my guess is, this virus would only kill one Acamarian in a million. Too single-minded. I can't believe it's a naturally occurring virus. Meaning Volnoth was murdered. [Riker's quarters] Commander? I've been digging through the medical database from Acamar Three for hours, and I have found another victim of the same microvirus that killed Volnoth. But only one. Fifty three years ago, a Gatherer named Penthor-Mul. Lornak. The same clan. If these microbes were engineered for murder, I'd say somebody could be going after a whole family. More ways than I can count. And it's perfectly safe to the carrier as long as he doesn't have the same DNA patterns. Something tells me they weren't all been wiped out. Computer, any members of the Acamarian delegation from the Tralesta clan? But that photograph was taken over fifty years ago.
Have they completed the regeneration series? Wesley's allergic to metorapan treatments. I think they'll have to use a bicaridine substitute. I should send his complete records to the Academy infirmary. Of course, they probably have them already, but you can't be too sure. I know he's fine. I know he's fine. How did it happen? Do you know who it was? Wesley spoke of him. They were friends. Wesley was so excited to make the flight team. Of course, I was a little nervous, but I was proud of him. I always knew there was a chance that something like this might Wes. I was so worried about you. We were very sorry to hear about Joshua. Hello. And how are you feeling, Nicholas? Of course. Let me know if you need anything. What's wrong? Everything's going to be okay, Wesley. There must be an explanation for all this. Data and Geordi are already analysing the flight recorder and the satellite transmission. There must be something wrong with the satellite data. It might have been tampered with. Well, there must be some explanation for this. I know you're telling the truth but the satellite data made it look as if you were lying. I've spoken with the other parents. I am going to talk to Admiral Brand and ask her to delay the inquiry I'm not going to let them ruin your career, Wesley. You haven't done anything wrong.
What's he saying?
Most people on this colony will remember my grandmother as a healer, but her abilities went beyond that. She didn't just relieve pain and fight illness. She knew that wellbeing is more than a healthy body. Her remedies often included words of advice as well as medicinal teas, and often they were just as bitter tasting. I will miss Felisa Howard very much. Her healing, her advice, and most of all, the inspiration she has provided me throughout the years. Rest in peace, Nana. Oh, thank you. Deanna, did you notice a strange man at the service? He was in his mid-thirties with longish hair? He threw a flower on Nana's grave. A camellia. It was her favourite flower. She used to keep them all over the house. It was a very personal gesture, and he gave me a remarkable look. Well, I guess I should be going back to the house. There are some things I need to do. It's only a few minutes from here. Would you mind coming along? Thanks. Every woman in the Howard family has had green eyes, except for my mother and me. Very well. I loved her very much. I can remember her face smiling down at me, and I can remember the sound of her voice and her scent. But mostly I remember Nana, who raised me after my mother died. (she picks up a pierced metal lamp with a flickering candle in it) It's a family heirloom. It's been in the Howard clan for generations. It's supposed to symbolise the enduring Howard spirit. Wherever they may go, the shining light to guide them through their fortune. Nana always kept it lit. I remember sitting here listening to ghost stories with only the candle burning. I think I will. You don't have to leave. Thanks. (Troi leaves. Beverly wraps herself in a blanked and goes upstairs reading Felicia's journal) (a middle aged man comes in and blows out the candle) What the hell are you doing? Get out of my house. How do you know who I am? Nana never mentioned you. Why? Look, Mister Quint, I don't know what your relationship was with my grandmother, but this is my house now and these are my things. This is a family heirloom and I intend to keep it. Now would you please get out of my house. Now! Get out. [Engineering] You wouldn't believe what I've been reading about in my grandmother's journals. You know she had a lover? Can you believe that? Nana was a hundred years old. I certainly hope so. After all, I hope I can find a handsome young man in his thirties when I pass the century mark. Yes. According to these journals, his name is Ronin and he's thirty four years old. They met just after my great-grandmother's death. And I think I saw him at the funeral. A handsome young man tossed a camellia onto her grave. But the strange thing is, she never mentioned him in her letters. Never once. And yet it appears they spent almost all their time together. It's as if she led an entire life that I knew nothing about. Thank you. (Beverly enters her quarters) Not exactly. I was in bed but there wasn't another person in my dream. It was more like a presence. A pair of hands. They were moving across my skin. Yes. And there was a voice, a man. He whispered my name. It was as if I knew him, or more like he knew me. He knew exactly how I liked to be touched. It was the most physical dream I've ever had. The sensations were very real and extremely arousing. I did fall asleep reading a particularly erotic chapter in my grandmother's journal. She wrote very detailed descriptions of her experiences with Ronin. You know, I think he had a ring on one of his hands when he touched my shoulder, my neck. I wonder if I'll have another dream tonight. No, Ned, it's okay. Look, I'm sorry we got off to a bad start yesterday. I've been reading my grandmother's journals and I know how much you meant to her. Ned, you're welcome to stay at the house after I've gone. I need someone to take care of the place. Why? Haunted? Why not? Ned, the weather systems control is malfunctioning. The Enterprise is trying to repair it. I think your imagination is Who's there? Ned? Is that you? Hello? I know somebody's here, so I suggest you (a mirror bounced against the wall. She removes it and is about to put it back when she sees the reflection of a man behind her. She drops the mirror, but there is no one there) All right now, that's it. If you don't show yourself right now I am calling the Enterprise and there will be ten security guards here within thirty seconds. Who are you? No, that was a dream. I'm calling the Enterprise. (she goes weak at the knees) Yes. What's, what's happening to me? Right now I feel so strange. Are you Ronin? Who are you? I don't believe in You're telling me that you're an eight hundred year old ghost? And now you're here on Caldos, two hundred light years away? I don't believe you. What's, what's happening to me? I don't understand. Stop it! [Crusher's quarters] (Beverly is arranging flowers) Come in. No, I think I'll skip it today. I'm exhausted. Not exactly. Not at all. Deanna. I'm not seeing anybody. I met someone, that's all. All right. I met Ronin. He's unlike anyone I've ever met before. I know this sounds crazy, but I have never known anyone who was so Exactly. I can see why Nana fell in love with him. This sounds very strange, doesn't it? Thank you for your concern, but I think I know what I'm doing. Besides, I didn't say I was in love with him. I'm just intrigued. [Turbolift] I think you'd better take a look at this. (Beverly is by Ned's body) Data, you said there was a plasma discharge from the console when Quint was killed. Well, that wasn't what killed him. I'm detecting an anomalous energy residual throughout his body, right down to the cellular level. Whatever it is, it wasn't the result of a plasma discharge. (Data scans the corpse) Governor, with your permission, I'd like to take the body back to the ship to run further tests. Ensign, ask Doctor Selar run a biospectral analysis. No. I have some things I need to attend to. [Howard home] Ronin, I've got to talk to you. Are you here? Yes. But I must talk to you. There's been an accident. Why did it happen? What was he doing? Ronin, I've got to know. Quint's dead. (a hand reaches round and cups her face. His touch sends her all unnecessary, and he maintains the contact all the time) Ronin? Help you? Quint said you lived in the candle. Is that true? The candle's on the ship. I'll go get it. How? And when the candle's lit, then what happens? Computer, secure door. (Beverly is agitated as if she's withdrawing from a drug) I lit the candle. Where are you? Oh, yes. More than anything. I thought it was pretty self-explanatory. I'm leaving Starfleet. Energize. I can, and I have. I've decided to stay on Caldos and become a healer like my grandmother. It's a proud Howard tradition and I've decided to uphold it. Energise. I've resigned my commission, so unless you plan on kidnapping me? (Picard nods and she is beamed away) [Ready room] I'm so glad you're here. I can't imagine what life was like before I met you. Oh, Ronin. I had no idea I could feel this way. I love you. (another knock, then Picard enters) Jean-Luc. What do you want? He's not here. (carrying the candle) Jealousy doesn't suit you, Jean-Luc. I just grew tired of the other colour. Don't you think it suits me? Well, this is the way I am now. And this is my life. I've made my decision and I'm not going to change my mind, so please leave me alone. Jean-Luc, leave him alone. Jean-Luc. (Beverly grabs her medical kit) We can't just leave him. He might die. I can't just let him die. No. No! Come on, come on. No! Ronin, stop this. Stop this, please. You're not Nana. Nana's dead. Leave her alone! (green comes out of Felisa and the corpse falls back. Ronin appears.) No, it won't. You've been infusing me with the same sort of anaphasic energy that killed Quint. No, you're not. There's no such thing as a ghost. You are some sort of anaphasic lifeform. Anaphasic energy is extremely unstable. It needs an organic host in order to maintain molecular cohesion or else you'll die. Isn't that right? I also scanned the candle. The flame is plasma based. You were using it as a receptacle for yourself in order to get to me, in order to merge with me. You have been using me, Nana, my entire family for centuries. No. No. (Ronin gives Geordi another zap) (into Geordi's comm. badge) Crusher to Riker. Will, close off all the plasma conduits in the weather control system. I'll explain later. You've nowhere left to go. Keep away from me. (Crusher shoots him) Somehow, he realised that one of my ancestors had a biochemistry that was compatible with his energy matrix. I imagine that he took human form and seduced her like he did me. I was about to be initiated into a very unusual relationship. You might call it a family tradition. But there's a part of me that's a little sad. I re-read the entries in my grandmother's journals. Whatever else he might have done, he made her very happy. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I'm a physician, don't be frightened. I need to know what happened. Are you doctors? Crusher to Picard. Commander Riker is near death. [Durken's office] They're both going to be okay. We were able to stabilise Will. If we had been any later He was never in any real danger. The phaser was on stun. Based on the angle of impact, it suggests that Krola's left hand was on the phaser when it went off, Commander Riker was in no position to offer any kind of struggle, Chancellor.
I've finished the neurographic scan. I don't see anything that might cause hallucinations or a psychogenic reaction. No. Usually a temporal shift would leave some kind of triptamine residue in the cerebral cortex, but the scan didn't show any. Personally, I think you just enjoy waking everybody up in the middle of the night. Your blood gas analysis is consistent with someone who's been breathing the ship's air for weeks. If you'd been somewhere else, there would be an indication of change in the oxygen isotope ratios. Thanks. Deanna, would you excuse us please? Jean-Luc, I scanned for evidence of Irumodic Syndrome, as you suggested. There wasn't any. But I did find a small structural defect in the parietal lobe. It's the kind of defect that would only show up on a level four neurographic scan. It could cause you to be susceptible to several kinds of neurological disorders including Irumodic Syndrome. Now, it's possible for you to live with this defect for the rest of your life without developing a problem. Or even if you do, many people continue to live normal lives for a long time after the onset of Irumodic Syndrome. I'm sorry. I guess it caught me off guard. Well, it won't be easy, but I'll manage. (Riker enters) A time shift? I just scanned his temporal lobe and compared it to the scan I performed just a few minutes before. There's a thirteen percent increase in the acetylcholine of the hippocampus. Within a matter of minutes, you have accumulated over two days worth of memories. [Observation lounge] How is all this related to your time shifting? Milk, warm, a dash of nutmeg. A prescription. A glass of warm milk and eight hours uninterrupted sleep. Doctor's orders. You're exhausted. Look, I don't know whether you've slept in the past or in the future, but I'm sure you haven't slept in the present. Now get some rest, or I'll have you relieved and sedated. As a physician, it's often my job to give people unpleasant news. To tell them that they need surgery or that they can't have children or that they might be facing a difficult illness. But you've been to the future. You know it's going to happen. A lot of things can happen. (to Data and Geordi) Well, this is a page from the past. I never thought I'd see either of you on a starship again. Geordi. Data. (then she goes to Picard and they can't decide whether to shake or hug) All right. (they hug) Yes. Jean-Luc, crossing into Klingon territory. It's absurd. But then I never could say no to you. Well now, the first order of business is to get clearance to cross the Klingon border. Tell McKinley we've been called away on a priority mission. I've prepared quarters for you on deck five. You might want to get some rest. Nell, please escort the Ambassador to his quarters. You're right. I'm sorry. How long since his last neurological scan? Do you really think he's moving through time? (silence) I'm not sure I do either. But he's Jean-Luc Picard and if he wants to go on one more mission, that's what we're going to do. [Future - Pasteur turbolift] But didn't Q say you already had caused it? Hello, Worf. It's been a long time. Have you had a chance to read our request? Inform transporter room two to beam the Governor aboard. I must make one thing very clear, Jean-Luc. If we run into any serious opposition, I'm taking us back into Federation territory. We aren't well armed and wouldn't last long in a fight. All right. Set course for the Devron system, warp thirteen. (pause) Once more, for old time's sake? (Picard sits in the Captain's chair and raises his hand) There's nothing here, Jean-Luc. We should head back to Federation territory. Wait a minute. Data, how long would this take? All right. Data, begin to modify the tachyon pulse. Ensign Chilton, lay in a course back to the Federation. We'll stay here for six more hours, and if we haven't found anything we're heading back, maximum warp. Carry out my orders. May I see you a moment? [Future - USS Pasteur Ready room] Don't you ever question my orders on the Bridge of my ship again! I understand that you would never have tolerated that kind of behaviour back on the Enterprise and I won't here. I don't care if you're my ex-Captain or my ex-husband. I know. That's why I've allowed us to stay here longer and keep looking. But I also want you to allow for the possibility that none of what you're saying is real. Jean-Luc, I care for you too much not to tell you the truth. You have advanced Irumodic Syndrome. It's possible that all of this is in your mind. I'll stay here six hours longer and then we're heading home. I want you to remember, if it were anyone but you, we wouldn't even be here. (Crusher leaves, Q appears as a ancient man with an ear trumpet) This is amazing. The DNA in his optic nerves is regenerating. Geordi, it's as if you're growing new eyes. It shouldn't be possible at all. There's no medical explanation for spontaneous regeneration of an organ. In English, Data. We're under attack. Warp speed. Get us out of here. Heading one four eight, mark two one five. Full impulse. Geordi, we need more warp power, now. Open a channel. This is Captain Beverly Picard. We are a medical ship on a mission of mercy. Please break off all (Bang) Worf, signal our surrender. On screen. Damage report. Your visual acuity's improving by the hour, Geordi. (she goes over to another bed) I'm sorry, Alyssa. May I take another look? You'll have a little tenderness for a few days. That's to be expected. (Picard enters) Jean-Luc. I'll be right back, Alyssa. (she moves away from Alyssa and her husband) Alyssa lost the baby. I think it's the same phenomenon that affected Geordi. Somehow, the temporal energy from the anomaly caused the foetal tissue to revert to an earlier stage of development. It's as if the unborn child began to grow younger, until finally the DNA itself began to break down. Physically, she's fine for now. But if this temporal reversion continues, I don't think any of us are going to be fine for much longer. Our cellular structures appear to be coalescing, reverting to earlier forms. In some cases, this has caused old injuries to be healed, but the effect is only temporary. Eventually, may kill all of us. [Observation lounge] Will, how long is this thing between you and Worf going to go on? I agree. I think it's time to put it behind you. I know, but I think in his mind you were the reason that he and Deanna never got together. Didn't you, Will? Oh, my god. I think you'd better come with me. He may be right. What do we do? Take it. You know, I was thinking about what the Captain told us about the future. About how we all changed and drifted apart. Why would he want to tell us what's to come?
Your transcript is very impressive. She's done honours work in neurobiology, plasma dynamics, and eco-regeneration. I'd say that's pretty well rounded. I've arranged to have you work in all the major departments while you're here, and I'm willing to bet that by the time it's over you'll have a pretty good idea what field you're interested in. See all these readouts? That's your heart rate, your blood pressure all your vital signs. You're in good shape. You might just live to be my age. Now, all these tricorders need to be tested before they get put in the supply containers that we're taking to Tagra. Any unit that doesn't, put it aside and we'll do a diagnostic on it later. I hear you've been accepted to the Academy. I have a son there. No, not as often as I'd like. My husband died a number of years ago. Wes was our only child. Jack died when he was five. Your adoptive parents are in Starfleet, aren't they? On my way. When you've finished with the tricorders, Nurse Ogawa can help you take them down to shuttlebay for loading. She's a little shaken up, but she's going to be. She's human. There's nothing more unusual about her, not that my instruments can detect. How is that possible? Her parents, her biological parents, were human. I'm sure that's beyond your comprehension, Q. And now that you know, what do you intend to do? And once you've taught her, then you'll go away? Wait a minute. You can't just come in here and take her away from everything she's ever known. She has plans for herself. She wants to have a career and a family. That miserable existence is all she's known for the last eighteen years. You have no right to take it away from her. I can understand that. This person I mentioned, from the Q Continuum, would like to meet you. If it's all right with you. Good. (Beverly goes to open the door, but Q walks straight through) You can still do those things. Well, you're going to have to. Listen, I can only imagine how you feel. And it would be easier if this had never happened or if it would just go away. But it's not going to go away. And you need someone to help you. And the person who can help you is Q. He is the only one who can help you to understand who you are. Amanda, you are going to have to make some hard choices about your future, and you can't make them if you're going to ignore the truth. You've got a deal. The first free hour you have, I want to see you in the medical lab. I have an experiment I need help with. That's right. Just be sure and record the rate of mitosis from each of the dishes. You seem distracted. No, I don't think I can. Amanda, you are stronger than you think. I have no idea. Well, I would probably want to heal people. People who are hopelessly ill. Amanda, I don't know. And I don't think I could make a decision like that until I was actually faced with it. Try to do the work. I'll come back and check on you later. (Crusher leaves) Thank you. Have you finished already? How did you do it so quickly? That explains this data. I needed to know the rates of mitosis. By artificially inflating them you made the experiment useless. Now I have to do it all over again. Why did you interfere with what she was doing? She has asked not to be treated differently. I don't interfere with what you're teaching her. I don't think it's too much to ask for you to do the same. (Beverly is suddenly turned into a red setter dog. Amanda restores her to human) And you stay out of mine. Hello, Amanda. Are you ready? So, how are your lessons going? Is Q being patient with you? Amanda? (Amanda and Riker vanish) [Gazebo] (Both are in Regency clothing) I don't know if we should. It almost seems cruel. So did her parents. It didn't save them. You're a Q. You can do anything you want. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Did you take any other tricorder readings? An anatomical profile or a neurophysiology scan? It's going to be very difficult to eliminate any possibilities at this point. He may be a coalescent being taking Klingon form, or a bioreplicant or even a Klingon who has been surgically altered to look like Kahless. There, that should do it. Computer, run a genetic comparison on this blood sample and the tissue belonging to Kahless.
Try some caviar. Don't you like it, Commander? What kind of a weapon makes a vicious wound like that? Fortunately his metabolic recovery is phenomenal. He will be all right You sound like you've already lost, Worf. [Bridge] I've got something. Worf was not the only survivor of the Khitomer massacre. No. A Klingon woman was found with Worf. (She calls up the record on a monitor) I don't know, but the report said she was severely injured, was transferred to Starbase twenty four for treatment. That was when she was separated from Worf. And after her recovery, she returned home.
They will be doing everything they can to avoid it. I think we should get out of their way now.
Ah ha. Well, if I didn't see it with my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it. According to this, he has classic back trauma. Muscle spasms. Well. don't expect too much sympathy from me. You've been a pain in our backside often enough. Now what? It hurts? Maybe you're hungry. [Ten Forward] There's overpressure in his fluidic systems. Thermal shock. If he was mortal, he'd be dead. It would be helpful if everybody just got out of here now. He's going to be all right.
Which is where exactly? Sorry. I was concentrating on getting away from the last Cardassian. Or maybe it was the falling rocks. All right, let's do it again. Sore doesn't begin to describe it. I know. I wish I could talk about it. Oh my God. They're genetically engineered viruses that are designed to destroy entire ecosystems. When metagenic toxins are released into a planet's atmosphere, they immediately begin to mutate. They seek out and destroy all forms of DNA they encounter. In a few days, everything is dead. That's why metagenics and other biological weapons were outlawed years ago. Even the Romulans have abided with those agreements. So they could activate the toxins after the launch, thereby preventing any accidental exposure. And if they are? You know, I heard that Solok was quite a man. That's why we came here, because only Solok could help us. I guess there's some things even Solok can't do. It's too bad. (stroking Solok's lob) Because if he could, I would be very, very Grateful. Right. I'm picking up some subspace signals, but I can't seem to get a lock on them. You're not afraid of bats, are you, Worf? The floor is over five hundred metres down from here. We could try to find another way down. Of course not. (They get into their harnesses and secure the lines) I'll remember. I don't suppose we'll be able to find another way to get back up there. That's what I thought. [Caverns] (the wonderfully flat passageway leads them to a dead end) I think so. Next time, you try bring up the rear. I can't get a scan from the other side of the hatch. It's been shielded. There's no one here. There's no lab. PICARD: It's a trap. Come on. (there is weapons fire, then the door starts to close. Worf blocks it with his body. Beverly squeezes through but Picard is in hand-to-hand combat) Let's go. WORF: The Captain. No. There are five more of them heading this way from another tunnel. Come on. Now! [Chamber] (Picard drops his phaser. One of the Cardassians switches off the device and they take their prisoner away)
Send a message to Commander Data and inform him of our delay. Deanna, welcome back. Data's away on assignment. A Federation deep space probe went off course and crashed on Barkon Four. Some of the material in the casing was radioactive, so Data was sent to recover it before it could contaminate the biosphere. Yes, it's a pre-industrial society, but the probe crashed over a hundred kilometres from the nearest settlement so Data shouldn't have any contact with the Barkonians. So, how was the reunion? I volunteered tonight. I like to put in a little Bridge time now and then, stay on top of operations, tactical procedures. The truth is, I like it. It's not every doctor who gets to command a starship, even if it is the night shift. Oh, I don't know. I never even thought about my rank for a long time. It seemed pretty trivial compared to being a doctor. But then, about eight years ago, I started to feel like I wanted to stretch myself a little. Continue sending him updates on our schedule. No. I wanted to let Data know there'd be a delay in picking him up for a few of days. We have orders to rendezvous with the Lexington and take some medical supplies to the Taranko Colony. Geordi said that the radiation from the probe might interfere with communications. I just thought I'd try anyway. [Town square] (early morning in the Renaissance) Excuse me. We're looking for a friend of ours. He might have wandered into your village a few days ago. Yes. Do you know him? I don't understand. The sickness? It's Data all right. He's buried about two metres down. He's been deactivated so I can't tell how bad the damage is. Positronic net online. Subprocessor relays in place and neuroelectrical systems enabled. (she switches him on and he instantly sits up) Data, are you all right? And you were a very special friend to a little girl.
I should be through with the water contaminant analysis in a few hours. Then I'm going to check out one of the holosuites. They have got a relaxation programme here, Jean-Luc, from Alture Seven. Listen to this. First they bath you in a protein bath. Then a cloud of chromal vapour carries you into a meditation chamber. You should try it.
This is healing beautifully. I think you can work on strengthening these muscles again. If they're right, we should be able to predict the next event.
The containers you were checking fell on you. You're lucky to  be alive.  (Worf tries to sit up, but cannot)  Worf, there is no restraining field.  I know. You can't move because one of the containers shattered  seven of your vertebrae and crushed your spinal cord. I'm afraid  there's no way we can repair this kind of injury.  Captain's log, stardate 45587.3. Lieutenant Worf  has been removed from active duty following a severe injury. Although a  neuro-specialist has arrived, Doctor Crusher believes his paralysis may  be permanent. [Transporter room] (a woman about the same age as Beverly beams in.  Think Hillary Clinton)  Welcome to the Enterprise, Doctor Russell. I'm Beverly  Crusher.  Of course. Send it to medlab four.  Really? You're the first person to mention it.  Thank you. Have you had a chance to review Worf's case history  yet?  It's a cultural bias. When I contacted the Klingon Medical  Division, they informed me that they usually let the patient die in a  case like this. As a result they've done almost no research on  neurological trauma.  Worf is having a hard time dealing with his injuries. He's  always been a difficult patient, but now. He's a little tough at first,  but I'm sure you'll get to like him after you get to  Yes. You're probably right.  Right. This way.  [Worf's private room] (lots of flashing lights on a bank of monitors)  The cortical spinal tract has continued to  deteriorate over the last seventy two hours despite CPK enzymatic  therapy.  Ineffective.  Unnecessary? The Klingons refer to it as the brak'lul. Almost  every vital function in their bodies has a built-in redundancy in case  any primary organ or system fails.  I've read of some of the preliminary work you've done.  Replace his entire spinal column?  I had no idea you were already using this on humanoids.  First time?  Even a holographic patient would balk at those odds.  You're talking about a spinal column. Even before we could  replace it, we have to remove the existing one, and we don't know  enough about Klingon neurological medicine to re-attach it. If  something goes wrong, he'll die. I agree it has remarkable potential,  but you're still in the most preliminary stages of research. No, I'm  afraid I can't justify the risk to Worf. We'll have to do with more  conventional approaches.  On my way.  [Bridge] How many people were aboard?  I'll need to convert all three shuttlebays to emergency triage  centres. I also want all civilians with medical training to report for  duty.  Would you like us to come back later?  This is Doctor Toby Russell. She's from the Adelman  Neurological Institute. She specialises in spinal injuries like yours.  We've discussed a variety of surgical procedures. I'm afraid none of  them will repair the spinal cord, but we have found a way for you to  regain much of your mobility. We can implant a series of neural  transducers in your lower torso and legs. They're designed to pick up  the electrical impulses from your brain and stimulate the corresponding  muscles. With a little work, you can eventually regain sixty to seventy  percent of your motor control.  No, no, that's good for a first try. It will take some time  before you get used to manipulating the  These are very sophisticated devices. With enough time, they  will give you  Perhaps this all seems a bit frightening to you know. I want  you to take some time before making a decision. Think about it.  I thought we had discussed genetronics.  I also thought we'd decided against recommending it.  He's grasping for straws and you're giving him one. Now  instead of dealing with his paralysis, he's going to be thinking about  this miracle cure of yours.  You're using the desperation of an injured man as an excuse to  try a procedure that you couldn't do under normal circumstances. I  checked with Starfleet Medical. They have turned down your request to  test genetronics on humanoids three times already.  Look, before you do any of this  Go ahead, Captain.  [Bridge] We're ready down here. We have triage  teams standing by. [Bridge] Absolutely.  [Worf's private room] (Troi brings Worf a little visitor)  Use this to cauterise the tissue.  What happened here?  From leporazine? That's unusual.  A morathial series?  You used this man to test one of your theories?  Morathial would have saved his life.  The point is, you didn't even try standard treatments.  I think you used this situation in order to test one of your  theories just like you're trying to do with Worf.  What this is about is the kind of medicine you seem to  practice.  I doubt if that will be any comfort his family.  I will not be drawn into a hypothetical argument, Doctor. Your  research on this ship is over. You're relieved of all medical duties  until further notice. Is that clear?  Be my guest. Just don't expect a lot of conversation. He's in  full Klingon mode. Honourable, strong and closed minded.  That's right. She's irresponsible. I won't have her practicing  medicine on this ship.  How can you say that? She has a theory, based on a little  empirical knowledge and a lot of supposition.  Not in my Sickbay, he won't. I'll put him in a restraining  field and post security around his door before I let him commit  suicide.  If I have to. Suicide is not an option. Putting aside for a  moment the fact that a paraplegic can live a very full life, there is  also a conventional therapy that could restore much of his mobility.  No, not all of it! There are some things I can't fix. Klingon  or no, he is going to have to accept his condition.  The first tenet of good medicine is never make the patient any  worse. Right now, Worf is alive and functioning. If he goes into that  operation, he could come out a corpse.  Focused.  All neural connections below the first cervical vertebrae have  been separated.  Exoscalpel.  [Ready room] Preliminary genetronic scans are complete.  Reading the initial sequences at ten to the ninth base pairs  per second.  What's happened?  Did this show up in your simulations?  Got it. Watch the proximal nerve endings.  Twenty cc's inoprovaline.  Ready.  Looking good so far.  Forty cc's inoprovaline.  Increase oxygen mixture to ninety five percent.  Seventy five cc's inoprovaline.  All right, let's go to chloromydride. Fifteen cc's.  All right twenty five cc's cordrazine.  Looks like we've done a pretty good job of that already,  Doctor.  Cortical stimulator. Now. Again. Again. Again. Again.  All right, make a note in the log. Death occurred at twelve  hundred forty hours.  Alexander, I am so sorry.  Activate biomonitors. Twenty five cc's polyadrenaline.  I'm not sure, but if I'm right, one of those unnecessary  redundancies  I don't believe it. Begin cardio-aid and ventilation. That's  amazing. There must be a back-up for his synaptic functions as well.  Begin rybo-synetic therapy. Increase oxygen mixture to ninety  percent. Let's prepare a thalamic booster series.  [Crusher's office] I am delighted that Worf is going to recover. You gambled, he  won. Not all of your patients are so lucky. You scare me, Doctor. You  risk your patient's lives and justify it in the name of research.  Genuine research takes time. Sometimes a lifetime of painstaking,  detailed work in order to get any results. Not for you. You take short  cuts, right through living tissue. You put your research ahead of your  patient's lives, and as far as I'm concerned that's a violation of our  most sacred trust. I'm sure your work will be hailed as a stunning  breakthrough. Enjoy your laurels, Doctor. I'm not sure I could.  [Worf's private room] (Worf is practising walking with parallel bars)  This is going to take time, Worf. Your muscles are still  sorting out their new signals. Don't rush it.  (Worf slips, but Troi holds Alexander back) 
Captain? Sorry, Troi. Establishing that colony has been exhausting for the entire crew, Captain. We're not a supply vessel. Settling all those people has been a strain on everyone. I'm tired myself. (Riker, Data and Yar enter) It sounds wonderful for the children. The holodecks are marvellous, of course, but there's nothing like open spaces and fresh air. No sign of consciousness, but the balance of the readings are quite normal for him. Any communication from the away team? Not yet. Could be minutes or hours. It's unclear what's happened to him. Commander Data has just regained consciousness. Captain, I've just seen the away team report about Wesley. In a moment? Return? It's still coming toward us. It seems the Edo's god is very protective of its children. What do you intend to do about my son? When he faces execution! Although he's committed no crime, certainly none that any sane and reasonable person would I apologise, sir, but this is very difficult for me. If he were your son, you'd be as frightened Data is in Sickbay here. You'll find him able to talk to you. [Sickbay] Thank you. Finish it later, please. That's not a fair question. The Edo want to execute my son. I will not allow that to happen, Jean-Luc. Shut up! (Beverly storms out) Having fulfilled my professional obligations regarding Commander Data Thank you, sir. I know. Then your god is unfair. My son had no warning that his act was criminal.
Ambassador It's the custom usually in a situation like this, for us to serve ourselves. It's called a buffet, and Ambassador
Why, Data? Data, telling us why you're going to fail before you make the attempt is never wise. And you may begin to believe in those limitations yourself. (The quartet begin Mozart's Eine Kleine Nachtmusik) They must have found a way to adapt. Milan's work with radiation sensitivity suggests it is possible. Perhaps with extensive viral therapy. How forcefully?
According to the bioscans, their DNA structure is now consistent with those of preadolescence. But as far as we can tell, only their bodies were changed. What about the energy field the shuttle passed through? Captain, I need to run some additional tests. Captain, may I see you privately for a few moments? Not yet. I'm still waiting for some test results. We'll be ready. Jean-Luc. We need to talk. I'd rather not have to take that step. That's true, for now. But this could be the first stage of a condition that may begin to affect your mind as well. Not yet. What I do know is that the Captain of this ship has undergone an extreme physical transformation, the ultimate effects of which I can't even begin to guess. You are still Jean-Luc Picard. What do you think you should do? [Bridge] This is Captain Picard's rybo-viroxic-nucleic structure from a tissue sample I took this morning. It's the same as a sample I took before the accident, except it's missing several of the key viroxic sequences. RVN is one of the key factors in our development during puberty. Unlike DNA, which never changes, RVN takes on some additional viroxic sequences during adolescence. Those sequences determine how we develop physically. Exactly. Somehow, those sequences were eliminated in the Captain and the others during transport. Well, we have a couple of options. These are the plants Keiko was carrying on the shuttle. Whatever turned the crew into children turned these plants into seedlings. I accelerated the growth on one of them, and it developed into a perfectly normal adult plant. No, but at least we know that if we do nothing at all, they will probably grow up just as they did before. However, I do have the adult RVN patterns of all four of them. I might be able to send them back through the transporter pattern buffer and replace the missing sequences. But we can't even attempt that until we know why this happened in the first place. If somehow they were to lose more viroxic sequences. If the transporter only registered part of the RVN patterns, that would explain why the key sequences are missing. I think so. As long as there's no reversion field to mask their patterns, we should be able to do it. Chief, can you adjust the molecular imaging scanners to accept I'm loading the adult patterns into the buffer. How do you feel?
Sickbay here, Captain. Yes, sir. [Bridge] Don't be afraid. (a little while later) You're safe now, Timothy. I'm sorry for what happened. It's going to be all right. I bet you're hungry. Would you like me to get you something to eat? (Timothy nods and Crusher leaves) He'll sleep for a few hours at least. I don't need to keep him here but I will need to see him again tomorrow. You've got some work cut out for you. Transfer circuits are functioning properly. Absolutely. Input processing, pattern recognition, all within established parameters.
We've just received a priority one distress call from the colony on Dulisian Four. A massive failure of the environmental support systems. They're going to require evacuation. I'm sure it's not equipped to handle something of this scale, Will.
Oh, that's wonderful. Thank you, Jean-Luc. This is delicious. What is it? In fact, I have a new nurse, Beck. He's an obstetrics specialist. Yes. Nella Daren. She came into Sickbay for her physical last week. I like her. Very forthright. Really? No, I didn't. I see. I'm sure it's really quite fascinating. You are very talented. I'll go with you. You have a mild strain. The Captain? Yes, but I didn't know he played duets. I see. Yes, a very long time. I'd say he's a very private person, but not isolated. There, that should help. Good. Another duet? [Jefferies tube] (Picard and Nella are both in casual clothes, going up the ladders) Incredible. What causes them? Wasn't the outpost built to withstand the conditions? We just brought aboard the last of the infirmary patients and they're on their way to Sickbay. But we still have over [Bridge]
You're a very lucky little boy. Just some minor smoke inhalation and a hairline fracture of the tibia. That's a bone in your leg. I'd like to keep him overnight, but he should be fine by tomorrow.
Away Team is aboard, Captain. [Bridge] Hi. Troi stopped by a little while ago. She was wondering if you might be willing to talk to Jeremy Aster at some point. About your Dad. It would help him to talk with someone who's been through this. We had each other, Wes. He doesn't have anyone to lean on right now. And he might be more comfortable talking to someone who's not much older than he is. Okay. Your father? Sure I do. It happens to all of us, Wes. Sometimes I can't get his face out of my mind. What would you choose? If somebody came along and offered to give you back your mother, father or husband, would any of us say no so easily?
Jean-Luc! Will, he's alive. If we could get him back to the ship, I might be able to restore Then we have abandoned all hope of recovering him. With our recent experience in nanotechnology, we might be able to introduce a destructive breed of nanites into the Borg. That's the problem. Two to three weeks. There is extensive infiltration of microcircuit fibers into the surrounding tissue. His DNA is being rewritten. I'd like more time to study the structural changes in the motor pathways. Jean Luc? It's Beverly. can you hear me? Yes. Don't try to move. That's how they're controlling him? Cutting the link to Locutus might be fatal to the Captain. Without these interactive signals, it would only be a matter of microsurgery. I could do it. But as long as those Borg implants are functioning, there's no way I can separate the man from the machine. The Captain's vital signs are stable. Significant increase in premotor area and hypothalamus activity. His heartbeat is accelerating rapidly. Data, I'm picking up increased neural activity in Captain Picard, localised in the prefrontal and parietal lobes. That may be their Achilles heel, Captain. Their interdependency. [Bridge] Part of their collective consciousness now. Cutting him off would like asking one of us to disconnect an arm or a foot [Bridge] He's regaining consciousness. He's exhausted. There's no way to know what the destruction of the Borg ship will do to him. Life signs are stable. The DNA around the microcircuit fibre implants is returning to normal. We'll get you to Sickbay. We won't have any trouble getting these implants out now.
I'm not certain yet. He's dying. Realistically, it does not seem possible. Captain's log, supplemental. Our position is unknown, and our only chance of returning to the known universe is a dying alien who is generally humanoid but with a physiology sufficiently different from our own to create medical problems in caring for him. [Sickbay] (Crusher is tending the Traveller) I don't know. My equipment doesn't register his kind of life signs. I would have to guess exhaustion, fatigue. I'm not sure. I recommend we let him come around in his own time. He could die, and with him any chance we have. He's unconscious again. Whatever you need from him, you'd better get it soon.
Here you are, your very own quarters. They're as far away from mine as possible, so you don't even have to see me if you don't want to. You don't have to explain. There comes a time in a young man's life when he doesn't want to stay with his poor senile mother. I understand. Well, I think we'd better let you settle in. It's good to have you home, son. Really. (Beverly leaves, Wesley sighs and sits on his bed, obviously unhappy about something) [Observation lounge] (tea and nibbles is being laid on) Ever since you've come on board you've been moody, sullen and rude. What's going on? That incident in Engineering was inexcusable. I shouldn't have to. You're a fourth year Starfleet cadet. You should have a certain level of maturity. We'll talk about it later. (Wesley goes and sits at an empty table) I just don't know what to do, Jean-Luc. It's as if somebody took my son away and left this stranger in his place. It's gone beyond just the two of us. Have you heard what happened at the Academy? I called Admiral Brand today. She said his grades are dropping, that he's becoming remote and defensive. If he's not careful, he's going to wash out next term. Maybe you should talk to him, Jean-Luc. Maybe it's the kind of thing a boy, a man needs to discuss with another man. But he needs out help. Why are you doing this? Look, I may not be able to stop you from throwing away your entire life, but you are going to stand here and explain it to me first. You owe me that much. You what? Is that what this is all about? A vision told you to leave the Academy and now you're packing your bags? But you always said that being at the Academy was the best thing that ever happened to you. Why didn't you ever say anything? I'd be proud of you no matter what you were doing, Wesley. I love you. Maybe it is partly my fault. We didn't realised the kind of pressure we were putting on you to be exactly what we expected you to be You know that alien from Tau Ceti, the one who could control warp fields with his mind? He told Captain Picard a long time ago that you were very special, like Mozart, and that you were destined for something quite different from the rest of us. Maybe this is the first step. I love you. Somehow I think you'll manage. Now you be sure and dress warmly on those other planes of existence. Goodbye.
I recommend we evacuate and seal off all non-operational areas, and group the families and crew on the odd-numbered decks. I'd also like to set up an assembly area for treating radiation symptoms in case it's needed. Thirty minutes. After that, there is nothing that can be done. Down to twenty six minutes.
What was that all about? Looks like you fractured your arm a few years ago. Genetically, he's indistinguishable from Commander Riker. I don't think so. There's no genetic drift. That's why I compared their brain scans. Brain organisation patterns are as unique as fingerprints. Except for minor, minor differences, theirs are identical. No. They're determined by experience, mostly from early childhood. What happened to the second beam? Up until that moment, you were the same person. Then what happened? Then what happened? I'm just asking. He's not Will. He is Will but, you know what I mean. Deanna, just because things turned out the way they did between you and Commander Riker, doesn't mean you shouldn't let things between you and Lieutenant Riker take their own course. I thought that's that why you brought it up. (they resume the forms, as Lt. Riker enters) Well, I think I'll call it a day. Bye.
You were like a brother to me. Do you remember? We used played in the park near the lake. You used to make swords out of the reeds, and when you cut your hand you would come running to me, and I would say, Let me see. Oh! How did you do that? And how many did you plat against? Tell me! (sotto, prompting) Let it go. (sotto) Let it go. I do dare. I love someone. He does not know. Not yet. But he is proud, noble, brave and beautiful. What's the matter? Since this morning. Baron Christien de Neuvillette. In your own regiment. Promise me. Promise me to be his friend. Oh, I love you. I must go now. Oh, and tell him to write me. A hundred men! What courage! Good job, period. Ah, Worf, I have an opening in my workshop. (Crusher, Riker, Work and La Forge leave) There was enough energy in that flash to overload your optic nerves. It knocked you unconscious. Exactly. But there was no apparent retinal damage and the cornea looks fine. But I'm still waiting for a full sero-amino readout. I'll call you when it comes in. (to a medtech) I'd like this done as quickly as possible, Ensign. What do you mean? That's not possible. We're talking about human cells here, not isolinear circuits. I think you'd better stick to engineering, Lieutenant. That was a real improvement. Same time. [Ten Forward] Incredible! The production of neurotransmitters in your brain has jumped by over five hundred percent. Pre and postsynaptic membranes have increased permeability to match it. I couldn't even guess at your IQ level now. But that isn't all. The corpus callosum, the connecting bridge between both sides of the brain, it is so active now that the hemispheres are essentially behaving as one. No. Creativity, resourcefulness, inspiration, imagination, they've all been enhanced. Lieutenant, you could very well be the most advanced human being who has ever lived. [Ready room] Not necessarily. It might be something as simple as an allergic reaction to a bee sting. There's something else, Captain. He taught violin technique at the music school last night. He didn't, not until last night.
They're not removable, are they, Data? Your ears. We'll have to do some moulds of his ears as well. We'll have to do some tests on his skin pigmentation. Changing it to appear Romulan shouldn't be too difficult. We just have to make sure we can change it back again afterwards. Your right eye is point zero zero four higher than your left. (Riker enters) If you want a proper fit to your prosthetic, trust your tailor. These two still have an appointment with Mister Mott to have their hairpieces designed.
Welcome home. Did you see the buffet? We wanted you to know how glad we are to have you back. (Picard leaves in the background) What are do you planning to do Yes. Do you mind?
We're Starfleet officers who've known each other for many years. About what? My personal feelings about Captain Picard are irrelevant to this investigation, and none of your business.
Well, all your tests indicate the same results. You are in great shape. I see. Then why did you come in? Your annual physical isn't due for another month. Jean-Luc, be honest with your doctor. Are there any warning signs or symptoms that you haven't told me about? Well, then, return to your post. In Ten Forward? Jean-Luc, you are full of surprises today. Out with it, Jean-Luc. Whatever has been on your mind all evening long. After all this time, I ought to. We've both made choices. Our positions necessitate a degree of professional detachment. Is that what you want, Jean-Luc? To get closer? And you're a very attractive man. But we both know it's not as simple as that. Simpler, perhaps, but that's not the only issue. I guess, right now, I'm comfortable with our relationship just the way it is. I thought you didn't dance. I did too. (The dance become more of a vertical embrace, and then they kiss) Jean-Luc, if I didn't know you better, I would think you were playing games with me. I didn't say that. He came in for a physical with no word from me. Every test result identical to his last physical, which is kind of unusual in itself, actually. There was one other thing. He asked me to dinner in his cabin, and it was a very unusual evening. Captain. (Her steady gaze and smile unnerves him)
Well, according to his medical records and psych profile, he's very high on the ESP scale. A sort of prodigy. Born with his telepathic abilities switched on. The noise of other people's thoughts and feelings must be overwhelming, incomprehensible, especially to a child. I always wonder what holds one person together through that kind of struggle, while another goes under? The more unusual a life form is, the better he likes it. His personnel file shows that he's gravitated toward assignments that isolate him from other humanoids. [Bridge] Your brain activity suggests that you're coming out of a sort of fugue, or seizure. Your blood pressure and glucose are indicative of general systemic stress. No doubt about it.
I appreciate your concern. I think it's exaggerated. Mister Worf, I can handle myself. Maybe things have changed here. (Then an alarm goes off, and an armed group appears) You keep using the word peace. We've heard a different version of life on Turkana Four. All Hayne had to do was search through their database had on Starfleet to come up with Tasha's name. Yes, I will. Ask them if we can at least send some medical (transmission ends) The ship's computer does. There's always some differentiation between sonomic chromosomes, but not enough to affect results. It should take me a few hours to run the sonomic comparison. (Crusher leaves) I've fused the bone tissue along both fractures. The muscles around the area will be weak for a day or two, but you shouldn't feel any pain. Cardiovascular functions normal. Metabolism, immunity, all other vital signs excellent. How do you feel? You might want to keep this. It's been with you a long time. (Beverly hands her the implant, and leaves.)
Of course, Data. What? Why me? Okay, okay. It's just that, that was a long time ago, and I don't want to be known as the dancing doctor. Again. All right. But let's keep this between you and me. Hi, Data. Well what do you think? It is a recreation of the studio I had my first dance lesson in. Let's start with something simple. Stomp. Hop. Try it. (he does) Again. Good! Good. Not quite. Stop, Data. Now try this. Okay. (so she goes into a tap routine and he copies her exactly) That's great. Watch. Good. Triples. Watch. Stop, Data. And you say you've never done this before? Try this. (she does advanced steps and he copies her perfectly) Stop, Data. Not bad. (out of breath) Yeah, not bad. I'd say you've picked up the basics. Wedding? Data, you never told me this was for the wedding. Well yes. They don't do a lot of tap dancing at weddings. Well, Data, because, I don't really know why, Look, why don't I just teach you a style of dancing that they will do at the wedding? Computer, run 'Isn't It Romantic'. (The slow music starts, and Beverly gets Data into a close ballroom hold) Compared to what we've just doing, this will be simple. Just look up and follow me. One, two, ready, and (he is useless, no rhythm, and he treads on her toes) No, Data, wait a minute. Ow! No, no, you're just. Ow! Move slowly. Ow! Ow! Stop music. I don't understand, Data. You picked up the tap dancing so quickly. All right, let's try it again. And this time, watch my feet. Computer, start music. And. (This is far better, and less painful) Now, don't just imitate me. You've got to lead. Indicate to your partner where you want her to step. I'll show you. I'll lead. Now, you'll notice that I don't just repeat the same pattern over and over. I improvise. Now you lead. That's good. Now, look up, Data. Look into my eyes. You're holding me too tight. You are doing fine. Now, smile. Act like you're enjoying yourself Is it Lieutenant Juarez? I'm on my way. Why don't you programme up an artificial dance partner. And don't be afraid to experiment. Her molecular structure dissipated instantly once the pattern was lost. There were some organic compounds left on the pad, but there wasn't enough material to do an autopsy. I'm sorry, I don't have time to give you another lesson right now, Data. I'm working on the report right now. No, that's not standard procedure. Why? A wild-goose chase? All right. Computer, access the transporter ID trace for Ambassador T'Pel. All right, there's the genetic record of the Ambassador when she beamed aboard the Enterprise. Now, the breakdown of the organic material found on the transporter pad should be identical. Mitochondrial structure fits the general parameters, no change in the nucleotide bases. There's a slight discrepancy in the base pair sequence. Chemically, these are identical. However, the organic sample from the transporter is showing numerous single-bit errors, like replicated material. I'd say the DNA was either mutated by the transporter during the rematerialisation process Or these aren't the remains of the Ambassador. [Ready room]
You're limping. Captain, they haven't been through decontamination. And your medical community can do nothing? Perhaps we can help. Our children are not for sale at any price. Wesley! They've taken my son. (all over the ship, children are disappearing. Alexandra while playing at her mother's feet, Katie while playing a musical instrument) Toya, sit down. Don't give in to fear. Now, we all knew what the risks were when we signed on, and that's the choice we made. Now, Captain Picard will do everything possible to bring our children back. But how can you be so sure that they can have children? You can't. Wes. (She activates her tricorder) Not yet, Wes. (She gives him the hand scanner) Are you okay? And the others? Don't let it go to your head. Wes seems fine. He says the other children are too. Captain. Here's what I've learned so far. Duana is dying. I have no reason to believe the rest of the Aldeans are any healthier. They're suffering from some kind of chromosomal damage. It could be genetic or environmental. Yes. It also explains their lack of appetite, extreme pallor and sensitivity to light. I won't know until I find the cause. And you don't need to tell me time is running out. No. That doesn't fit the pattern. Give me a list of the appropriate medical literature from the twenty-second century. There's not enough time! You just did, Jean-Luc. Now I have to get back to work. [Wesley's room] (That night, Wesley sneaks out of bed) I've got it, Captain. The Aldeans are suffering from a form of radiation poisoning. Yes. With the proper treatment, yes. Sir. The radiation levels on Aldea have been building up over a long period of time. It is similar to what was experienced on Earth in the twenty-first century. When the ozone layer had deteriorated and the surface of the planet was flooded with ultraviolet radiation. Please, listen. You're all suffering from radiation poisoning. Sterility is only the latest symptom. If the children remain, they will be affected as well. How could they? Your scientists have forgotten how everything works. Yes, Captain, and they're responding very well to the treatment.
Well, thank you, Data. I'd like to think I was. Well, please sit down. How's Lal? Is it lonely for her? When Wesley was growing up, he was an extraordinarily bright boy, but he had a hard time making friends. I think the other children were a little intimidated by him. Well, first I went back to my own childhood and remembered how painful it was for me. Because I remember a time when I wasn't very popular either. And when I told that to Wesley, it made him feel a little better. He knew I understood what he was going through. You didn't have any one experienced to help you through sentience. She at least has you. Just help her realise that she's not alone, and be there to nurture her when she needs love and attention. Now why do I find that so hard to believe? [Picard's quarters] (Picard is in bed, resting)
So, you'll have a chance to visit the surface? Oh, Venezuela's beautiful. (doorbell) Come in. (A crewman enters with a box. Beverly takes it) Great. Thank you. (When she opens it we see the label - Lt Cmdr Jack R Crusher, USS Stargazer NCC 2893) I left it here in storage a long time ago after Jack died. Odds and ends, mostly. It was a joke. Jack sent it to me while I was still in medical school. It was his way of proposing to me. It's for Wesley, from Jack. I'd forgotten it. Maybe I was just trying to forget it. Jack recorded a holographic message to Wesley just after he was born. It was a gift for when he grew up. Jack was going to make many more of them. He never had the chance. No, I just don't know if it'll do more harm than good. Wesley's finally come to terms with his father's death. I don't know exactly. Your father made it a few weeks after you were born. He felt it was important to say certain things. And to make sure that he didn't forget to tell you later. No. But he wanted you to have this when you turned eighteen. And I want you to have it, too. [Worf's quarters]
Maybe Hugh has something to do with this change in their behaviour. I've stabilised his condition. He's still pretty weak, but he should make a full recovery. Yes, but it's very risky. His heart rate and blood pressure are up All right. Any last orders? Got it. Good luck, Jean-Luc.
Oh, you really did it this time, Will. This is not just a scrape, this is a very deep cut. Well, I can heal it, of course, but you've got to stop playing Parrises Squares as if you're twenty one years old. One of these days you're going to fall and break your neck, and I'm not going to be able to heal that as easily. Worf's callisthenic programme? I give up. What was it? Data's cat? I love cats. You know, you've just got to know how to handle them. I would be honoured, if I could It's all right, Deanna. He wasn't firing at me. Where did she go? [Engineering]
Captain Picard's bioscan readings are stable. The Tamarian's are not. An image of romance. If I didn't know who Juliet was or what she was doing on that balcony, the image alone wouldn't have any meaning.
Casualty reports coming in from all over the ship. Thank you, Data. I bet ten. Worf? Twenty. I'm in. Twenty. Two hundred. We'll soon find out, won't we. Let's see your cards. I just had a feeling. It's the way your left eyebrow raises when your bluffing. Just kidding, Commander. Go ahead. On my way. [Sickbay] You have all the symptoms of an inner ear infection. That would explain the dizziness and the headaches. But there's no physical evidence. My guess is you've been working too hard. I'll give you twenty cc's of vertazine. That should clear up the dizziness. But finding time to relax is up to you. Geordi, have you had these symptoms before? You're sure? It's funny. I feel like we've discussed this before, and I remember giving you a hypospray for dizziness. No. I'm sure it was you. Well, try to get some rest, and try to stay away from high places for a few days, just in case. Goodnight. Captain, I have something I'd like to report. I heard voices in my room last night. I was alone, so at first I thought I was imagining things. But this morning, ten other people reported hearing them at the same time I did. I couldn't make them out. Casualty reports coming in from all over the ship. No. I bet ten. Twenty. How did you know I was going to call your bluff? Me too. Go ahead. On my way. [Sickbay] You have all the symptoms of an inner ear infection. That would explain your the headaches and the dizziness. But there's no physical Geordi, have you ever had these symptoms before? Do you recall when? We've had this discussion before and I know I've given you this examination. Let's check the medical logs. You've been treated several times for headaches related to your visor, but I read no mention of dizziness. Both of us? About the same thing? [Crusher's quarters] (Beverly is about to dead-head a plant, when she stops. She sips her night-cap, sits on the bed and gives the glass a quizzical look. Then she sets it down, turns out the lights and lies down. The voices start up. Reaching for the lights, she knocks over the glass, and the voices stop) Crusher to Captain Picard. Do you have a minute, Jean-Luc? [Ready room] Thank you. Mmm, nutmeg. It was the eeriest feeling. When the glass broke, it triggered the sensation even more intensely that I'd done it all before. I've had this feeling for hours. And then the voices. Thank you. For everything. Ten other people reported hearing voices at the same time I did. Casualty reports coming in from all over the ship. I've been having the same feeling. Keep dealing, Data. A Queen. You're going to give me a Queen. And you're going to get a four. Deal, Data. Forget the bet. Just deal. Ten, seven, queen. Wait. Crusher to Sickbay. [Sickbay] Yes. Captain, have you been getting the feeling that you've experienced certain things before? A sense of repetition? There have been similar incidents reported all over the ship. Feelings of dj vu. I had a premonition Geordi was going to come in to Sickbay. A few seconds later he did, with the symptoms of an ear infection. I was going to run the standard tests, but somehow I had a feeling they would turn out negative. So I ran an optical diagnostic which traced the problem to Geordi's visor. His dizziness is being caused by a phase shift in his visual receptors. It's causing him to see images that aren't there. I ran a scan to see if I could detect what he was seeing. I picked up miniscule distortions in the surrounding dekyon field. Somehow, his visor is translating those distortions into visual impulses. Crusher to Commander La Forge. Geordi, I just heard what sounded like voices in my room, but no one else is here. I'm on my way. (She grabs her lab coat and it knocks the glass of the table. Some things just have to happen.) [Engineering] Then I wasn't just hearing things? Then where did the sound come from? Can we isolate the voices? Find out what they're saying? I'm sorry to call you here so early, but we couldn't wait until oh seven hundred hours. We think we may have an explanation for the odd occurrences around here. Commander. Yes, but it's more than that. In dj vu, you only think you're repeating events. We actually are. If what we're saying is true, those voices I heard might have been echoes from previous loops. Do you have a feeling that you've done this before? Neither do I. Maybe that's a good sign. All we need now is a message. On our way. [Bridge] Casualty reports are coming in from all over the ship. I've been having the same feeling. Wait. An eight, an Ace, a Queen and a four. Deal the cards, Data. (Data deals everyone a three) I was positive I knew what cards were going to be dealt. First we get a three, and then three of a kind. Go ahead. I'm on my way. [Sickbay] You have all the symptoms of an inner ear infection. That would explain the headaches, dizziness. But I don't see any physical Geordi, have you ever had these symptoms before? Do you recall when? I know we've had this discussion before, and I remember giving you this examination. Let's check the medical logs. You've been treated several times for headaches related to your visor but there's no mention of dizziness. Both of us? About the same thing? I'd like to run an optical diagnostic. I have a hunch. Hold still. This pulse may be a little bright. Have you made any changes to your visor lately? I'm detecting a small phase shift in your visual receptors. [Ready room] (Picard is discovering familiar passages in his book) His dizziness is being caused by a phase shift in his visual receptors. It's causing him to see things that aren't there. I ran a scan to see if I could detect what he was seeing. I picked up miniscule distortions in the surrounding dekyon field. His visor seems to be translating those distortions into visual impulses. Maybe somebody's trying to tell us something.
It's traditional for the birthday boy to cut the cake. Some cake? Any nausea or blurred vision? Sounds like you're having some of the side effects from the concussion. I can give you some vertazine for the dizziness but I'd like you to rest. Worf, you came in here this morning complaining of ringing in your ears. I scanned you. You had a concussion. You don't remember any of this? Temporary memory loss is common for this kind of injury. Do you remember telling me about the Bat'leth tournament? You said that one of the competitors hit you over the head. That's why you lost the match. What's wrong? Worf, try to stay calm. Memory loss can be very disorienting. Worf, I'm sure this is very disturbing for you, but don't worry, your memories will return. The best thing you could do right now is to settle back into your normal routine, but slowly. Let me know if you have any more problems with dizziness. I'll give you a hypospray. [Bridge] Worf, are you alright? Doctor Ogawa? And Geordi's visor somehow triggered that effect?
All the medical information the Admiral provided is satisfactory, sir. Except for one thing. The test results he gave me aren't two days old, they're two months old. The medical file coder always includes the date as part of the file number. He lied to me, sir, and I don't know why. He suffers from Iverson's Disease, sir. It affects the body, not the mind. No, I have a gut feeling he's hiding something. Yes, quite. Captain, no one recovers from Iverson's Disease. There is no known cure, and there are no cases where it has gone into remission. I have never heard of any therapy that would produce results like that. I can't. All I can tell you is that the Admiral has been confined to his support chair for the last four years by the effects of Iverson's. By all the medical facts we know, he should never have walked again. Yes, sir. [Jameson's quarters] I found traces of chemical substances in his blood and tissue samples, but none of them are in our pharmacopoeia. I'm still working on alien references to substances like these. All I can tell you is that he's ingested something that's strongly affecting his body. Captain, there are so many things going on, I can't give you specifics until I do a lot more tests. His red cell count is running riot. The cellular structure of his body is radically changing, but we can't make any decisions on that until we know what it's changing to. His DNA is skewed. Don't ask me how, but he even looks younger. And Captain, there are absolutely no traces of Iverson's Disease. None that we know of. But whatever these substances are doing to his body, at least they've done that for him. But how or why? It's too early to say. Yes, sir. [Jameson's quarters] In his heart, he's still the same man you married, Anne. Anne, your husband. He's not stabilising. He may not have that life to live over. [Observation lounge] (It's dark, so we can assume that Jameson is even younger than last time. Picard enters) I think you'd better see for yourself, Captain. (Jameson is on a bed, very ill) I can't allow him out of my care, Captain. Captain, I think Mrs. Jameson should beam down now. The compound he took is forcing his cells and organs to go further, younger, and they can't take the stress. It's like they're imploding. And I can't give him anything to stop it.
I couldn't save him. The injuries were too severe, the damage too extensive. A test for inorganic life. There are basic definitions for organic life. Must have the ability to assimilate, respirate, reproduce, grow and develop, move, secrete and excrete. Perhaps growth and development. Yes. Those two may be basic for any definition of life, organic or inorganic. As we're dealing with a fundamental question, let's use the basic scientific method. Observe, theorise and attempt to prove it. Activate. Let's be sure of what we're dealing with. Is the sample organic? Magnify to screen. Factor five. Hold surface. Factor ten. (Something microscopic within the structure is pulsing) Computer, de-magnify. Resume normal scan. (The hum continues) Step back again) (And quieter) It's us. Computer, magnify. What is the magnification? Analyse the pattern of the flashes. What is the source of the flashes? Disregard incongruity and theorise as to source. Geordi observed movement. The hum is back. Two of them! Activate quarantine field. (but something is pushing against it) Quarantine field full. Full shield backup! (The shield fails) Evacuating lab. Evacuate. [Corridor] I wouldn't. Life force, do you understand us? Or maybe that's not the end of it. With single-celled life forms, at least organic ones, cell division is preceded by a resting state. Perhaps somehow that saline water sustained them. The microbrains may be like our own brain cells. Individually, a cell has life but not intelligence. Yet when interconnected, their combined intelligence is formidable.
Include a burn unit with each kit. Upon arrival, identify the most critically injured and beam them up to cargo bay six. Doctor Crusher here. [Bridge] It's too late. She's dead. If only we'd gotten here a little sooner. I don't understand. Certainly you can't bring her back to life. Leave now, Wesley. No, please!
Mister Mendoza. I need some help here [Ready room] Whatever he's got is obviously not life threatening. It's some kind of system-wide histaminic reaction. He certainly can't go back to negotiations for several days. You're unusually limber this morning. Who needs rational when your toes curl up? I did. No, it was another fellow. I fell in love in a day, it lasted a week. But what a week. Then I met Jack. It took months to figure it out with him.
All right, come in. (Guinan enters, holding her left arm) Guinan? What's wrong? Well, you'd better go to Sickbay. I think Doctor Selar's on duty. Well, you'd better get a new one, because I'm not a doctor on this ship anymore. (after the titles, Beverly has changed into civilian clothes) Three days on a shuttle to Starbase twenty three, transport back to Earth. I can hear Admiral Brooks now, telling me how I've disgraced Starfleet Medical. Then a leisurely day and a half before the formal inquiry begins and my career ends. Your elbow. Let me see it. Does this hurt? That's tennis elbow, all right. Here, hold your arm like this. Well I'll see if I can arrange one for you. All you have to do is disobey orders, violate medical ethics, and cause an interstellar incident. Make a fist. It all started when those scientists came on board. No. It started when I got curious. That's why I went to the Altine Conference. I'd heard about a new subspace technology developed by a Ferengi, a Doctor Reyga. His invention was based on metaphasic fields, but his methodology was completely unorthodox. Too bad you weren't there. Nobody else would listen to him. They all but jeered him off the stage. But I had read his paper and his work was extraordinary. Yes. I hoped I could be a facilitator. I thought if I invited scientists from various cultures to board the Enterprise, I could sit them and down help them understand the value of his ideas. Exactly. So, after persuading the Captain, I had to round up as many scientists as I could from the field of subspace technology. [Science lab] (and back we go into the story) That's why I've invited you all here. You have the vision to see the potential of Doctor Reyga's metaphasic shield. I think you all realise what this shielding process could mean. The possibilities of exploration and research are endless. Doctor Reyga has offered to demonstrate his invention. He's outfitted one of our shuttles with his metaphasic shield. We'll need to be sure that you're familiar with the shuttle's controls and Doctor Reyga's modifications. Well, what do you think? Well, then. We'll proceed with the demonstration at fifteen hundred hours. We'll meet on the Bridge. I thought that went well, didn't you? I didn't do anything. [Corridor] Some of the scientists still seem a little doubtful, but after the demonstration I'm sure they'll come around. I still expect the scientific community to be a little more open than they seem to be. You mean jealousy. I know. I wondered if that might account for Doctor T'Pan's attitude. She's been working on subspace shielding technology for years and you've beaten her to the punch. That's right. Temperature in the cabin is twenty one degrees Celsius and the radiation levels are normal. Temperature is still twenty one degrees and the shield is holding. Temperature inside the cabin is still normal. Something's wrong. We're losing him. Beam him directly to Sickbay. Twenty cc's inaprovaline. It's not working. Cortical stimulators. Now. Again. So that was my first experience as a scientific diplomat. A complete failure. I don't understand. I mean, I've lost patients before. Mmm. That's what I felt. Helpless. You know, what you say reminds me of something Jean-Luc said to me when I was doing the autopsy on Jo'Bril. [Sickbay] I've never run into a humanoid species like this before. His internal physiology's baffling. He doesn't seem to have any discrete organs, at least not in the traditional sense. Practically every system is equally distributed throughout the body. That kind of physiology should make him incredibly resistant to injury, so whatever killed him must have occurred at the cellular level. No. Something caused a massive system-wide failure, but I don't know what. His exposure to the star's radiation was minimal. It's all very strange. There's no apparent cause of death. That's odd. The rate of cellular decay is extremely low. Maybe even minimal exposure to the radiation altered the cellular physiology. I can't sleep. I want to find out what killed him. I owe that to Doctor Reyga. What do you mean? Did you find anything wrong? Were the levels high enough to cause damage to organic tissue? I'm sure you all understand that in light of what happened, I think it would be inappropriate to continue further testing. Perhaps if Doctor Reyga has perfected his metaphasic technology, we can try again. I'm sorry. As Chief Medical Officer I'm responsible for the health and safety of all the people aboard. I will not authorise any further tests. Look at this. A plasma infuser. It's completely discharged. The blast must have killed him instantly. Or perhaps someone just wanted it to look that way. Isn't it odd that he could hold on so tightly to the infuser when it was discharged. The normal reflex would have been to drop it. I'll know for certain when I do the autopsy. For now. Please have his body taken to the morgue. Jean-Luc, I was with him right before he died. He was not suicidal. I don't think so. He was disappointed at the failure of his device and certainly he was upset at Jo'Bril's death, but I never got the sense that he was ready to end his own life. And if that's true, then someone else killed him. Not yet. But when I finished the autopsy, I hope I'll have it. But there's a question as to the circumstances of his death. Let me speak with them. Jean-Luc, I cannot just drop this. Don't you see? There may have been a murder. It's won't be clear until after an autopsy. As far as I know, he could have been poisoned and someone put the plasma infuser in his hand after he died. I'm not discounting that possibility. The point is, without a complete autopsy, there's no way of knowing for certain. It has to do with their death rituals. The body can't be violated before it's buried. Apparently the family is more concerned about ritual than finding out the truth about how he died. I just can't get the information I need from a tricorder scan. Suspects. If Reyga didn't kill himself. someone else did. So who are the possible suspects? And the only ones to fit that category are the other scientists. [Christopher's quarters] No, but I can't believe he took his own life and I would like to explore any possibilities a bit further. I was wondering if you might have any thoughts along that line. If Reyga's technology had been successful, you might have been displaced as the preeminent scientist in subspace technology. I'm just trying to uncover the truth, and I need your help to do it. Have you seen or heard anything that might suggest that someone else had a motive? Forgive me, I don't mean to upset you, but have you noticed anything unusual? Is there something you're not telling me? About what? Thank you. That looks like one of Doctor Reyga's shield configurations. Even though this technology failed? Which you're now free to develop. No, but I want to know why you threatened Doctor Reyga. What was his accusation? Were they lies? Did Reyga make that mistake? (Kurak pushes Crusher and she hits the wall) Well, you're going to have to throw me a lot harder than that if you want to get it. Now, what did he accuse you of? Sabotage of the metaphasic shield? Was that why it failed? Did you sabotage the project? Jean-Luc, I want to tell you something that you need to know, but you're not going to like it. I did an autopsy on Doctor Reyga. Nothing. I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't have done it. You don't have to, Jean-Luc. I knew what I was doing and I'm prepared to accept the consequences. So that's the story. That's how I ended my career. What? Guinan, two people died on this ship. Two lives that ended horribly and you're worried about your tennis game? I don't know. You tell me. You're supposed to be wise. I've done everything I could think of. It got me fired. No. Yes. Don't you get it? If I start digging around again. What are you doing, Data? You've studied Doctor Reyga's shield system. Do you think it could have been sabotaged? Just consider the possibility. The only time the shield was active was during Jo'Bril's test flight. I agree. Would it be possible to sabotage the shuttle by remote, during the flight? Where on the Enterprise could you generate a phased ionic pulse? Let's assume for the moment that someone did send out a phased ionic pulse. What would have happened inside the shuttle? A tetryon field? If Jo'Bril was exposed to a tetryon field, it might have left residual traces in his tissue. Thanks, Data. [Corridor] Yes? Thank you. Yes, of course. I'm sure that'll help. I don't know what you mean. Thank you, Commander. Your concern is noted. Yes, Will, I know. But, as a friend, please try to understand. I can't quit now and I don't want you to become involved in this. [Crusher's office] Computer, access ship's medical logs and download current autopsy files. Damn. Don't worry. I know I'm not supposed to be here. I'll go. Alyssa. I don't want you to get involved in this. Yes. Thank you. First of all, I want to review Jo'Bril's physiology records. Then I want to take another look at the body. I want to see if there's any tetryon traces. We need to run a tissue scan at the molecular level. Calibrate the scanner to pick up tetryon particles. Activate the scan. Let's do it again. Use the enhanced resolution mode to boost the sensitivity. Narrow the scan field. Tetryon traces. Someone did sabotage the shield. There's only one way to know for certain. [Bridge] Testing a theory, Captain. I think Doctor Reyga's shield does work. I'm sorry. Computer, begin monitoring external temperature. I think Doctor Reyga was right about his shield. The only reason it failed is because it was sabotaged, and I'm going to prove it. I'm not wrong. I'm all right. Computer, shield status? Congratulations, Doctor Reyga. You did it. Captain, I want you to post security guards around the three visiting scientists. One of them has to be responsible for sabotaging the first test. I think if we Crusher to Enterprise. I've lost you. Come in. Justman to Enterprise. Come in. (a storage locker opens) Enterprise, do you hear me? Come in. JO'BRIL: They cannot hear you. I have severed communications. How can you be alive? The slow rate of cellular decay. In the morgue, you were conscious the whole time. You heard everything we said. You knew everything we were going to do. What are you doing? For what? Crusher to Enterprise. I'm all right. Returning to the ship. And I finally have the answers I've been looking for. Chief Medical Officer's log, stardate 46831.2. I have been reinstated and I will be resuming my duties shortly. In the meantime, I have a personal matter to attend to. [Ten Forward] Hi, Guinan. (Beverly puts a case on the bar) Not unless it's yours. It's for you. It's a thank you. For giving me a good kick in the butt. I did some research. This is the latest design, state of the art. It's specially designed to cushion all vibration so you will never have tennis elbow again.
We won't have to worry much past minus seventy or so. He's in our quarters. I was tempted to give him a sedative. I know, but he's my son. I love him. Is that a male perspective? Not a moment too soon, Jean. I mean, Captain. [Planet surface]
(taking tricorder scans) It doesn't make sense that so many people are dying of cholera. It just isn't that virulent. Will, this is strange. The cerebellum, the cerebral cortex, the brain stem, the entire nervous system has been depleted of electrochemical energy. Here's another one. Same neural depletion. These people did not die of cholera. They died because their neural energy was drained somehow. I would travel back to a time when there were plagues and epidemics, so I could murder and use disease as a cover. [Rented room] (all the away team are in period costume) Over half the victims whose neural energy had been drained came from the Sisters of Hope Infirmary. I'll try to manage. (The doctor leaves) That's the bed where the man died last night. (gives a drink) Here. This'll make you more comfortable. (Picard's gas lamp detector starts flashing and Crusher's tricorder beeps. She keys her comm. badge then goes over to the slim man and woman.) Do you need any help, Doctor? Doctor Apollinaire felt he had entered the algid stage. He was cyanotic, pulse unobservable. That's an interesting cane. (The 'nurse' points her bag at Crusher as Riker, La Forge and Picard rush in) Maybe they have something, a mechanism that focuses it. Over hill, over dale, thorough bush, thorough brier, My mistress would that he be gone. I think so. Geordi, that head is over five hundred years old. I've just started running some tests. If I can have a few hours. Will, I haven't been able to determine if our phaser energy can generate a stable field. The risk would be Then how do we destroy their habitat? My analysis of the phasers suggests you'd be able to open the rift, but it won't be stable enough to transport more than one person. That's right.
Oh, Commander Riker. No, I'm just gathering my notes. Professor Terence Epstein is at this starbase. He's the leading mind in cybernetics. He lectured at my medical school. You know the disaster at Micromius? [Corridor] Well, since then I've been working on an approach that combines cybernetics and regeneration. It sounds impossible, I know, but I have found an approach which will work. I mean, what an opportunity. To have a chance to talk with Doctor Epstein. Sorry, Will, I'd love to chat, but I have to go. [Outside holodeck] (Bynars with a different style of clothes are working) The Enterprise is being evacuated. Some problem in Engineering. Is everything all right?
Yes, Deanna? Lie down, breathe deeply and stay calm. I'm getting calls from all over the ship. I'll be there as quickly as I can. [Bridge] I got here as quickly as I could. I've got a Sickbay filled with headaches. How are you? I'd like to take you to Sickbay and run an inner nuncial series. Can you walk? Are you up to that? What is it? No indication of a concussion or a blow to the head. Just a pattern of unresponsive neural cells throughout the cerebellum and cerebral cortex. There's brain damage. How serious, I can't tell yet. I'm not sure. I have to review the database on Betazoid neurophysiology. It might. But you are half human. That changes the map a little. I don't want to offer you any false hopes. There may be a connection. I don't know. If you were anyone else, you know the first thing I'd do? I'd send you to Counsellor Troi. Deanna, it's no different than one of us suddenly going blind. You may understand it but you've never had to live with it. And you may not. Now, I'll do my homework. I'll see what I can do to regenerate those cells. In the meantime, I want you to talk to someone. There are several people on board who have degrees in psychology, who are qualified therapists. No medical objections. How are you feeling? I cross-referenced your scan results with the baseline files in the computer. Nothing helpful has turned up. And so far the lab work is inconclusive. It means there is nothing I can do now. I am still trying. We get by pretty well, actually. And so will you, in time. I don't claim to. If our positions were reversed, what would you tell me? Apology accepted. Therapists are always the worst patients. Except for doctors, of course. Come by and see me in my office later, okay? (Beverly leaves and Guinan arrives at the table)
Well, it's nice to be together again. I was at Starfleet Medical for a year. I missed about two inches of him. Sure he does. Computer, fix the food slot. Well, check again. Computer, deactivate food slot. [Engineering] Which seem to be working again, for the moment anyway. Jean-Luc, how would you feel if you were a seventeen year old and the only Starfleet Officer whose mother was on board? I know, but, in a funny kind of way, that's exactly my point. We talk. We smile. It's almost too polite. Tell me about him. No. Tell me about him. Does he have many friends? Has he ever been in love? Jean-Luc, I'm worried. He's come so far, so fast, And since I've been back, I don't feel What were you doing when you were seventeen? So was I. Isn't that what seventeen's supposed to be? [Shuttlebay] We have to talk. You really look like you could use some rest, Wesley. No, it's not okay. Really. On someone's orders? You can't put everything on your shoulders, Wesley. Even when you're off duty, you're on duty. You are a seventeen year old boy. I'm beginning to think maybe you've taken on too many responsibilities. I'm here now, Wesley. Come on, I'll help you. What are you looking for? Wesley? Nanites. Tiny machines built from the atom up. Designed to have exposure only to the inside of nucleii during cellular surgeries. Until then, they are kept tightly confined in a non-functioning state. No, they have evolved. As you can see, they're able to mechanically replicate themselves. Doctor Stubbs, these nanites are now working with a new collective intelligence. Operating together. Teaching each other skills. Then how do you explain what we've seen here? He's coming around. Has Data made any progress in contacting them? That's what they were designed for. Do you have any children, Guinan? Ever have any trouble relating to them? One? Well, they all go through that. Did he grow out of it? How? See? Now that is healthy for a boy his age. I mean that as a doctor, not as just a mother. It is so good to see him having fun for a change, with an attractive young woman who obviously looks at him with extraordinary affection. What do you know about this girl? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
The Fleming was carrying a supply of rare biomimetic gel, which is very valuable. Is it possible that the Ferengi might have hijacked it? Putting limits on warp speed is only going to prevent other rifts from forming. What are we going to do about this one?
Dalen! You look wonderful. It's on our way. Thanks, O'Brien. Dalen, I'm sorry to hear about Patricia. Is her death the reason you're giving up your post here? Jack and I didn't have a lifetime together, only a few short years, but I understand. When you realise someone you love is lost forever Don't let me interrupt. Dalen? Dalen, it's Beverly. (The suite is empty) Computer, current location of Doctor Dalen Quaice. Come. (Worf enters) Lieutenant Worf, yesterday, before we left starbase, an old friend of mine came onboard. Doctor Dalen Quaice. I requested quarters for him. He was assigned here. I'm sorry. I thought it was standard procedure for you to be notified after Captain Picard approved passage. We were to meet for breakfast, but I can't seem to find him or his belongings. Lieutenant, Doctor Quaice is very old and rather frail. If he fell somewhere, if his communicator were damaged. Thank you. Your sensors wouldn't detect him if he were dead. There were a lot of people going back and forth between the ship and the starbase yesterday. Of course. I don't know why Lieutenant Worf wasn't told about Doctor Quaice. But I sent in a request weeks ago. And someone else sent the approval? Why? Six years. Data, I interned with him on Delos Four. I've known him for fifteen years. His name is Dalen Quaice. Q U A I C E. Whatever your records say, they're wrong. He was on board. I met him myself in Transporter room three. Yesterday at sixteen hundred hours. Yes. I was here to greet him. An elderly man, not in the best of health. Was he invisible? Did I carry on a conversation with thin air? I can't believe that Chief O'Brien might be lying. Will, I didn't conjure up one of my best friends from a test tube. And with everybody coming and going yesterday, maybe O'Brien just doesn't remember, or It might be a good idea to run a diagnostic on him. What do you think? Chief, this examination should only take a few minutes. Sit down. I'll be a little more comprehensive than that, Chief. Doctor Crusher to Doctor Hill. Respond, please. Doctor Selar, your present location? Computer, current whereabouts of Doctors Hill and Selar. Doctors Hill and Selar, and four other members of my medical staff have all vanished. All record of their ever having been on the Enterprise has been excised from the computer's memory. No. They've been on board for months. But my two duty nurses don't remember them. Their families don't even remember them. I checked O'Brien thoroughly. I found no physiological abnormalities. I remember that. Where would he go? Yes, and they weren't anywhere near Engineering. Sickbay is totally empty. Apparently I no longer have any staff. Surprises me? I'll say it surprises me. There should be at least four members of my staff on duty at all times. What are you talking about? You're telling me I'm the sole medical officer on a ship with over a thousand people on board? What? I know how it sounds. Captain, the Enterprise is in serious danger. You must believe me. That I haven't lost my mind? I just examined myself. And being the only doctor on board, I had to do it myself. There were no signs of dysfunction. Yes, there was an increased elevation of adrenalin, but I think is understandable. No. I'll talk to Troi. Captain, please. Return this ship to Starbase one three three for a full diagnostic. I realise you have my word only to convince you. I didn't just see it. I felt it. I barely escaped from it. Are all members of the crew accounted for? How many are there? What? There are now over nine hundred missing. Deck after deck of this ship is deserted now. How do you account for all the empty rooms? If there are supposed to be only a hundred and fourteen people on board, why all the extra space? I'd like Lieutenant Worf to programme onboard sensors to monitor all personnel. If we can catch the exact moment someone disappears Worf. Chief of Security. The big guy who never smiles? The Klingon! [Corridor] Deanna. I need you to tell me if I've gone completely mad. Don't evade the question. Deanna, I've delivered babies that no longer exist. No one else remembers them. Yet I can close my eyes, and see their faces as clearly as I see yours now. What if it's not some huge conspiracy? What if it is just me? Then I've delayed a mission, frightened a lot of people including myself. It's not a mistake. I wish it were. If we reach Starbase. Wesley. Where's Wesley? [Engineering] Wesley? No. We may have very little time left. You don't believe me. I don't have time to convince you. Hundreds of people are missing and your experiment is the only possible explanation we have that we can work on right now. Then find someone who does, someone who knows something about warp bubbles. Who? Yes, I remember. Wesley, do you think it's possible that you've accidentally recreated something that he did? Something that could alter reality? Maybe the Captain can help us. We've got to find him. Come on. Well, we can't stand around here doing nothing. (They walk out of Engineering) [Corridor] It's a chance. We have to try to... (She looks around, She's alone) Wesley. [Engineering] Wesley? [Bridge] (There's only Picard on the Bridge. All the stations are empty. Beverly even checks the Observation lounge - door labeled Conference - and looks stunned) They're all gone? Riker, Troi, Data? Wait a minute, let me guess. You never heard of any of them. Will Riker! Your First Officer. He's very good at playing poker, loves to cook, he listens to jazz music, plays the trombone. Commander Data, the android who sits at Ops, dreams of being human, never gets the punch line of a joke. Deanna Troi, you ship's counsellor, half Betazoid, loves chocolate. The arrival of her mother makes you shudder. O'Brien, Geordi, Worf, Wesley, my son. They all have been the living, breathing heart of this crew for over three years. They deserve more than to be shrugged off, brushed aside, just pinched out of existence like that. They all do. They deserve so much more. It's all perfectly logical to you, isn't it? The two of us roaming about the galaxy in the flagship of the Federation. No crew at all. I don't suppose you remember an alien from Tau Alpha C who was on board once? He called himself a Traveller. Jean-Luc, I don't know how, but you and I have got to find this Traveller, or another from his race. If anyone can help us It's not a delusion. It is not a dream. There is a physical, measurable phenomenon at work here. Perhaps you could help me to identify it. I'd like to use the ship's computer to monitor your life functions. It will happen. I promise you I will continue to do whatever I can to find out what's happening, and to bring you all back. I'm sorry I lost my temper. You do remember that? For quite some time I've been meaning to say something to you. I might not have another chance. (she looks away for a moment) Jean Luc, you and I (The computer has gone silent. He is not there) I won't forget. I won't forget any of you. (A vortex forms by the viewscreen and she is dragged towards it. She grabs hold of Data's chair as the force of the vacuum has her hanging parallel to the floor for a few moments until the intensity drops) Computer, we are going to apply precise diagnostic methodology. Once we've cataloged the symptoms, we will proceed to determine the illness, and find the cure. We will start with the assumption that I am not crazy. If I am, it won't matter one way or the other. Computer, read the entire crew roster for the Enterprise. Have I always been the only member of the crew of the Starship Enterprise? If this was a bad dream, would you tell me? Like hell it's not. [Corridor] (checking all the rooms she passes) What date did I report on board? That sounds about right. Computer, is there more than one USS Enterprise? What is the primary mission of the Starship Enterprise? Do I have the necessary skills to complete that mission alone? Then why am I the only crew member? Aha, got you there. Computer, are you familiar with the inhabitants of Tau Alpha C? Are any presently located on any starbase or vessel within communication distance? Estimated time to Tau Alpha C at warp nine point five. Lay in a new course for Tau Alpha C. And send a subspace message advising them of our arrival. Engage. (nothing happens) Computer, did you change course? I stated it, damn it. Tau Alpha C. Starbase one three three, this is the Enterprise. Starbase one three three, this is the Enterprise. Please acknowledge. Viewscreen on. (no stars, just blue) It's not just people. Everything is disappearing! Computer, what is that mist I'm seeing? It surrounds the ship? If there's nothing wrong with me, maybe there's something wrong with the universe. Computer, what is beyond the mass energy field? Here's a question you shouldn't be able to answer. What is the nature of the universe? Computer, give me a graphic representation of the universe. (at a rear science station) I've seen this before. Wesley's experiment! The bubble. Of course. But that would mean that I'm the one trapped in the bubble. (The ship shakes) Computer, what's happening? Cause? Show me. Analysis. Superimpose previous image over this one, same scale, and continue to monitor. (The ship shakes again) It's collapsing! Computer, how long can life support be maintained? The Traveller used his thoughts to alter warp fields. Thoughts became reality. Now I'm in a warp field. Could my thoughts have changed this reality? Come on, Beverly! What's the next step? What was I thinking at the moment Wesley's bubble formed? Dalen Quaice. He said all the people he'd known were gone. I thought of Jack, I went to see Wesley, the flash in Engineering. That's when it started. That's when I started losing everybody. My thoughts created this universe. Can they get me out of it again? I'm not talking to you. Click my heels together three times and I'm back in Kansas. Can it be that simple? (Picard arrives in Engineering to watch the Traveller do his phasing thing) Computer, hypothetical situation. A person is trapped inside of a static warp bubble. Determine a means of escape. Describe this threshold. Extrapolate from theoretical database. How would it manifest itself? Disturbance? The vortex. They must have been trying to reach me! But how do I find it? Wesley, where do I go? Help me. Stable threshold. They've been trying to create a stable threshold. Where are they trying to do it? Where did they do it the first time? Engineering! Engineering. Just take me anywhere on deck thirty six! [Engineering] (Now Wesley begins to phase in and out too) (Beverly gets out of the turbolift just as it starts to disappear and runs along the corridor with her universe shrinking behind her) Jean-Luc. (they embrace, then she sees the Traveller) You. Do I have you to thank for getting me back? Jean-Luc, if I might ask, how many people are there on board? No. That's the exact number there should be. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Of minor injuries. What's happened? Acknowledged. Crusher out. [Bridge] Nothing broken, Chief, but the ligaments around the elbow have been twisted pretty severely. What on earth were you doing when you fell? How's it working? Alyssa, would you get me? Oh, never mind, I'll get it. You, don't go away. [Sickbay lab] (during the opening log, Beverly had been doing something scientific with modules. Now she sees them again, full of fuzzy pink stuff) This isn't possible. [Sickbay] Alyssa? Did you see anybody near the lab today? You didn't by chance adjust the environments on the incubation containers? Of course not. I'm sorry, Alyssa. Thank you. [Bridge] I have something of a minor mystery on my hands. It's a hobby. That's just it. I started these spores right before we were all knocked unconscious by the wormhole. You said we were unconscious for thirty seconds? Then why do these show a full day's growth? Each of these incubators was set with spores from completely different sources in the Diomedian system. I have a dozen more in the lab. Perhaps something extraordinary happened to one of them, but not to all of them. Jean-Luc, I'm telling you this is over twenty four hours of growth. Captain's log, supplemental. Commander Data continues to maintain that we were unconscious for only thirty seconds, despite Doctor Crusher's evidence to the contrary. [Observation lounge] Captain. If we never went through that wormhole, then what happened to us during that day? A transporter trace analysis might give us another indication of how much time has actually passed. Hello, Chief. How's the elbow? No, it's not. Tell me, do you remember the last person to use the transporter before we went through the wormhole? Tell her to report to Sickbay immediately. [Sickbay] Electrolyte concentration? Interesting. Check the cellular membranes. I'm willing to bet the internal turgid pressure is off by almost the same amount. Terrific. That's what I wanted to hear. Thank you, Ensign Locklin. That'll be all for now. (the Ensign leaves) Crusher to Captain Picard. I need to see you immediately. Physiologically, each of us is on a daily cycle. Our cells have developed rhythms based on a twenty-four hour period. Exactly, and I can measure that effect at the molecular level. I took a trace from the last person to use the transporter before the incident, and compared her cell function levels at that time to what they are right now. If we were unconscious for only thirty seconds, those cycles should be nearly synchronous. No. We were out for longer than thirty seconds, Captain. A lot longer. [Engineering] Signs of stress, adrenaline by-products higher than baseline. But that's a normal reaction after sudden fright. All brain functions check out okay. Lieutenant Worf. Can I help you? Worf, you came in here for something. Are you in pain? (she scans it) How did this happen? [Data's quarters] This wrist has been broken. Broken and reset and treated with one of our subcutaneous bone fusion units. That's the only possibility. I'm suggesting that maybe we all were. I certainly didn't repair a broken wrist while I was unconscious. Blocked, possibly erased. The fact that we're still alive suggests we might have won. I'll start checking the other decks. Crusher out.
I can't find anything unusual in any of the tricorder readings they've sent over, Captain. If you were any more perfect, Data, I'd write you up in a Starfleet medical textbook. Yes of course. You're next, Lieutenant. (Geordi lays on the bed) Normal all across. Except, why are you perspiring, Lieutenant? Of course, but I would like to run one or two more tests on you, Lieutenant. [Bridge] [OC]: Sickbay to Bridge, [OC]: I'm confining Lieutenant La Forge to Sickbay until further notice. I don't know yet. [Bridge] Geordi! [Crusher's office] Security. Lieutenant La Forge just left Sickbay while I was in my office. [Bridge] According to our medical readouts, there's still nothing wrong with him. He looks like he's running a temperature but every instrument we have says he's not. If you mean a disease, sir, I'd say there's no chance of it. We used full decontamination, we examined every team member very carefully, The obvious alternatives would be in areas of insanity and severe emotional upset. Troi, do you feel anything unusual in the lieutenant? Our tests would have shown that. Also any other signs of drugs, hallucinogens or other contaminants. [Bridge] (Data is going through library records with Riker hanging over his shoulder) This is Crusher. Go ahead Captain. Are you certain, Captain? [Bridge] Do me a favour, Wes. There's something happening on this ship. Just to be safe, I'd like you to stay in our quarters until it's solved. Now, Wes. Crusher here. No test yet, Captain, but very soon. [Corridor] (Tasha is sashaying down the corridor, eyeing up men, as other crew canoodle. She grabs a guy in blue and gives him a long hard kiss) [Bridge] (injecting Geordi) The medical records we found say this works almost instantly. The formula from the old Enterprise didn't work. This water-carbon complex may induce the same symptoms, but somehow it's different. Maybe it's mutated. But I've got to isolate it in order to analyse it, You brought Deanna in. Then you touched her! Oh, God. And you touched me. Wait! I've got to quarantine you. Oh no! I must find the answer. I've got to find the answer. [Bridge] Captain, can I see you in your Ready Room? It's a private matter. No, actually it's an urgent one. I believe I'm infected myself, Captain. Sorry. It is definitely like alcohol intoxication. The same lack of good judgment, For example, right now I find you extremely, extremely, Of course we haven't time for that sort of thing, Oh God, would I love to show you. Damn it, damn it, Captain. My dear Captain. (She tries to kiss him, but he dodges) You owe me something. You do realise that, don't you? I'm a woman. I haven't the comfort of a husband. A man. Yes, Jean-Luc? Captain? Well then, my dear Captain, you will address me as Chief Medical Officer or Doctor. Likewise. Where the hell was I headed? Yes, on Geordi. Come here. [Engineering] I made this a broader based remedy. I hope. But it's still close to the formula from the old Enterprise records. But almost exactly the same conditions as here. Come here. (injects Picard, then herself) Here, take this to Engineering. I'll make up more hypos for the others. He said Wesley. [Engineering]
Good morning, my lord. Manners, my son. Manners. You embarrass me before our guest. Master Barclay will spank you if you misbehave. The boys got into another little scrap, I'm afraid. But boys will be boys. (A swordfight enters, with much clashing of swords. three musketeers versus Barclay) Shh! [Corridor]
They're nothing more than children. Enterprise, prepping five Talarian males for transport directly to Sickbay. Trauma team, stand by to receive injured. We have radiation burns and possible respiratory distress. Stand by for my orders. Commander, quickly. This boy. He's human. Captain's log, supplemental. We have completed emergency evacuation of four Talarians and one human. How this young man found himself in the company of these aliens remains a mystery. [Sickbay] (The boy is sitting up, staring straight ahead, not responding) It's Jono, right? Is that what I heard them call you? I'm Doctor Crusher. I'm just examining you for radiation injuries. It won't hurt. I have a son not much older than you. Perhaps you'd like to meet him. Well, Jono, you seem to have escaped radiation damage. Pretty lucky. Now how did this happen? (All the boys suddenly start making a keening noise and rocking back and forth) What is it? They all just started up. He managed to escape radiation trauma but the scan shows something else. Two previously fractured ribs, a broken arm, and a low grade concussion. There might be neurological impairment. I'd like to examine him further. Jean-Luc, the Talarians have been known to be ruthless to their enemies. I think there's a real possibility they may have brutalised the child. Not likely. He's been with them a long time. Long enough to assimilate their cultural traits, and calcium trace patterns indicate the injuries took place during the past seven years. It's not uncommon. It was identified centuries ago as the Stockholm syndrome. (There's a commotion) [Sickbay] (Jono is writhing on a bed as people try to hold him down. He escapes from them and runs around) Security, we need some assistance down here in Sickbay. Lieutenant Worf, escort this young man to quarters. He is to be confined there until further notice. And now she'll have something to celebrate. Troi's right. It's very clear that the boy does not respond well to women. I think it's dangerous. Abusers can have subtle but powerful influence over their victims. All I ask is that the visit be supervised. Don't let them be alone together. You might not ask that, Lieutenant, if it was your child. Two bleeders, single plane penetration. I need the autosuture here. Looks like the blade hit the sternum and was deflected. It could have been a lot worse. I'm afraid not. No vital organs pierced, no major arteries. Worf has him in security. Hold still. He'll wait until I'm finished. [Bridge]
