Visual. (An image of Enterprise.) D'JAMAT: I want to know what kind of armaments they're carrying. We may have found what we're looking for. [Command centre] Enterprise, we've suffered heavy damage. Our engines are inoperative, our life support system is failing. Please assist us. (shaking his hand) My name is D'Jamat. I can't express how grateful we are. You saved our lives. Yes, we're on a pilgrimage to the twelfth Sphere. It's taken us a year to make the journey. It's an old vessel, but sturdy. Unfortunately we are better at prayer than we are at space travel. I'd be honoured to accept your hospitality, Captain. [Captain's mess] Our home world is called Triannon. It's six point three light years from here in the Maradas star cluster. Have you heard of it? The Expanse? You mean the Chosen Realm. I'm not familiar with them. We place very little emphasis on meeting other lifeforms. Space travel for us is merely a means to bring us closer to the Spheres. We're not here to study the Spheres, we're here to venerate them. We believe that it is through prayer and meditation that the Makers become manifest. The creators of the Spheres. I've felt their presence here. (He shows a scar on his arm.) The Maker's Breath. It reshapes reality, allows ordinary men a glimpse of the divine. Well, we became careless. It's easy to do when you're in the presence of a Sphere. You're fortunate to have such a fast ship. I regret that I'll die having seen only one of the many thousands of Spheres. I think your estimates are a bit low. With the Makers there is no doubt. Scientific progress has led many people astray. I agree, Captain. That is good news. I certainly hope that we'll have the opportunity to repay your kindness. [Sickbay] Is everyone in place? You sound hesitant. Do you think this ship just came to us by coincidence? This encounter was clearly ordained by the Makers. They desecrated a Sphere. What we are about to do is not just for our salvation, but for theirs as well. I know it can be difficult. We've been away from home for a long time, but we have been given the means to end the bloodshed for once and for all. Don't lose your faith now, Yarrick. Am I disturbing you? I said before that I hoped to be able to repay your kindness. It's already underway. Captain Archer, you, your crew, this vessel, are all about to embark on a glorious mission. At this moment a number of my people have taken positions around your vessel. Their bodies have been equipped with powerful organic explosives. With a single command I can order any one of them to sacrifice their lives. (He speaks Triannon into his communicator) [Corridor] Stop. Two of my men are positioned next to your warp reactor. Unless you turn this ship over to me, I'll destroy it. [Sickbay] (The Triannons have raided the Armoury and put non-essential personnel under guard. Some have evidently fought back.) You made the right decision. I promise you your people won't be harmed. I had to erase any doubts you might have had about our resolve. When I'm satisfied the situation is secure, I'll answer your questions. I also lost a crewman in that explosion, Captain. I'll say a prayer for them both. (leaves) (to Travis) Were you given the coordinates for Triannon? Set a course. Your highest warp factor. (to T'Pol) Prepare to fire two of your torpedoes. Target my ship's reactor. You heard me. Release the docking clamps. (The Triannon ship is destroyed) [Deleted scene - Situation room] No, I don't want a victory by attrition. We're going to assault their positions directly. We also plan to embrace non-violence. As soon as the heretics are eliminated. With the help of the Makers, all things are possible. [Command centre] I promised you an explanation. I owe you that. To my homeworld. We'll be there in three days. For the last century, a violent group of heretics have tried to undermine our way of life. With your ship I can deliver a final, decisive attack. I can end this conflict forever. I'm trying to save my people. They might very well, but it doesn't change what they are. Enemies of the truth. There's only one. Your species is obsessed with numbers. A characteristic of your misguided belief that the secrets of the universe can be revealed through science. This may sound barbaric to you, but it doesn't matter how many heretics die. When the Makers return, only the faithful will survive. Non-believers will be swept away. Not only Triannons, but every race within the Chosen Realm. You're wrong. It's not easy. If it were, I wouldn't be dreading what I have to do next. I've been reviewing your records. You've committed terrible acts of desecration. Not only have you flown within the cloaking barrier of three Spheres, you've landed on one and entered another. For crimes of this magnitude my faith obligates me to destroy your ship and put your crew to death. However, I cannot ignore the fact that you put yourselves at risk to save us, and that I like you, Captain. I believe you're an honourable man, so I am going against what my faith dictates. I'm going to temper the punishment. As Commander of this ship you may choose one member of your crew to give up their life. If you won't choose, I'll choose for you. I take no pleasure in this, Captain, believe me. You have six hours. I urge you to use this time to search within yourself, and put these lies out of your mind. All of this data that you've collected must be erased from existence. (He starts deleting Enter. Ah, I'm glad you've come. I was just looking at your Captain's Logs. I had no idea we were such kindred spirits. I know why you're here, in the Expanse. It turns out we're both fighting to save our people. Our situations aren't as different as you think. And not torture? In your log there is an incident with a prisoner. An interrogation that made use of an airlock. I sympathise with you, Captain. I've had to make hard choices as well. When I was young, I fought with the Holy Regiments. I was commanding a mission. We'd infiltrated a village known to be a heretic stronghold. We were instructed to stay concealed and relay intelligence about enemy movements, but one of the villagers discovered us. It was a small boy, no more than six years old. We knew if we let him go he would alert the village, and if we tried to hold him he might give us away. There was only one action to take, so I took it. In the service of the Makers, all actions are blessed ones. I was once like you, but then I felt the Breath. I prayed for you, Captain. I had hoped that the Makers would open your eyes to the truth, but it seems that they've turned away. You had a choice to make. And which crew member have you selected? I urge you to reconsider. But what about your mission? When I'm through with your ship, your crew will need their Captain. We are more alike than you think, Captain. I would make the same choice. I respect your decision. What is it. Where is this device? [Transporter alcove] (T'Pol dematerialises a box as a demonstration for D'Jamat and Yarrick.) I can't chance your mind? Very well. Proceed. You have my sympathies. You should inform your crew. They deserve to know. [Command centre] You've been quiet. I know you too well. Tell me what's wrong. And that bothers you. They are non-believers. That makes them our enemy. Do you believe the Makers speak through me? Then when you question me, you question the Makers, and there's a word for that. Heresy. Yarrick, when you begin to sympathise with the enemy you risk becoming the enemy. [Sickbay] (Phlox gets a text message on a monitor.) Enter. (into communicator) Lyaal. Lyaal. We'll use the ship's internal sensors to find him. [Bridge] I need to locate one of my men. (The lights flicker.) From where? This did not happen by accident. Yarrick, go with him. [Corridor] Have you located Lyaal? What is it? Let me see them. (Four Triannon design ships appear on the viewscreen.) [Jefferies tube] Surrender now.(The Triannon on the viewscreen has a blue mark on the left side of his face.) If you had ten ships you wouldn't survive against this vessel. Run your scans. You'll see that I'm telling the truth. Surrender and you'll be treated fairly. Target the lead vessel. Do what I say. Prepare to fire torpedoes. (Two hit their target.) Target their main reactor. (T'Pol tries to stop him but fails. The ship is destroyed and a shooting match begins, shaking Enterprise.) [Sickbay] (Phlox's bat 'gets' loose in the attack.) It's begun. What's the status of the engines? Stay with them. (He puts a gun to Travis's head.) D'JAMAT: Do what I say! (T'Pol nods) Bring us within firing distance. Prepare to lock weapons. (Meanwhile, Yarrick accesses the environmental controls.) [Sickbay] Good. We'll eliminate them one by one. (Phlox sees the antidote enter the ship's systems.) [Armoury] (After a shooting match) Lock weapons. (Another torpedo hit, and a piece of the Triannon ship falls off. There's another gun fight, this time in Engineering. Again, a Triannon discovers the explosive doesn't work anymore.  There's fisticuffs in a corridor for Reed and Cole. When his phase rifle runs out of charge. Indava saves Reed's life.) Continue firing. Find him. [Engineering] You're lying. You know I won't do that. They're firing again, Captain. I suggest you bring your weapons back online. Are you willing to sacrifice the lives of your crew? (Reed and the MACOs enter the Bridge. Naturally, there's a gun battle. T'Pol takes a weapon from the fallen Jareb and finally takes out D'Jamat.) You've done a terrible thing, Captain. You've interfered with something that was ordained. After centuries of fighting, I was going to bring an end to the war. We would have had peace. None of that is important. All that matters is the sacred truth.
The creators of the Spheres.
