The Cardinal is a thief. I delivered two portraits of his mindless nephew more than three months ago, to be depicted in the heroic mode of an Hercules or an Achilles, so specified our contract. I complied, making that young fool of a nephew look far more heroic than nature ever intended. An act on my part far greater than anything accomplished by Hercules or Achilles! And what have I, the divine Leonardo Da Vinci received in payment? Essatto! In other words, Signorina, less than nothing. Money is beside the point, Signorina. Catarina, is it? Flattery, Catarina, is also beside the point. Besides, I prefer my solitude. Scusi. (He activates a clockwork arm.) Meraviglioso. The Arm of Hephaestos. Every blacksmith who has ever swung a hammer will thank me for this creation. Do not think that just because I have enjoyed your visit today, that I am prepared to turn my workshop into a traveller's inn. (The clockwork arm stops.) Che catzo. You will get your hands covered with goose grease. Let us see if we can find his big brother. Hopefully he will be stronger. (Janeway picks up one of his sketches, not the preliminary for the portrait of Lisa Gherardini.) I though that because my imagination took flight so easily, my body could do the same. I was wrong. Yes, yes. So? The hawk. A creature that glides through the air. We will design a new machine, and you, Catarina, will help me fly it. A corner? One workbench? Ten scudi per week and you provide your own materials. Then we have an agreement. Catarina. Buona sera. What do you see? A flock of starlings, the leaves of an oak, a horse's tail, a thief with a noose around his neck. And a wall with the candlelight reflecting on it. There are times, Catarina, when I find myself transfixed by a shadow on the wall, or the splashing of water against a stone. I stare at it, the hours pass, the world around me drops away, replaced by worlds being created and destroyed by my imagination. A way to focus the mind. Sit, and tell me why you have come. When one's imagination cannot provide an answer, one must seek a greater imagination. There are times when even I find myself kneeling in prayer. I must deliver a bronzetto to the Monks at Santa Croce. Come with me, Catarina, hey? We will awake the Abbot, visit the chapel, and appeal to God.
Better than a man who cannot think! Stupido! Foolish Florentines! A bird is a mechanical instrument that works according to mathematical laws. An instrument that surely I can recreate. How did it fail? Had not the river Arno taken us to its arms we would both have died. Against death, yes. Against humiliation, no. The great bird will take flight and bring glory to its nest. So I have bragged for months. Instead, we almost drown with half of Florence watching. Bah! Finito! No more. Catarina, have you been to France? The King of France is a great admirer of mine. The Divine Leonardo is all I hear when I walk through his streets. And what music do I find in the streets of Florence, eh? The cooing of pigeons and the babbling of fools. Catarina, we are leaving! There is a tavern just outside Paris, Catarina. A charming bistro Earthquakes and idiots. Florence be damned.  [Bridge] Catarina! Che meraviglia! Out of my way, out of my way! Scusi, scusi. Catarina. A question I have asked myself many times. One moment I was packing for my journey to France, the next I was in this land of marvels. Possibly, upon leaving my workshop I was accosted by Spanish sailors, rendered unconscious, delivered to a galleon in the port of Genoa, and carried like a sack of grain across the vast Atlantic. Curious ears. Ah, what the old philosophers say is true. Monstrous and wonderful are the peoples of undiscovered lands. But tell me, Catarina, how did you come to the Americas? Excuse me. There is the man I have been looking for. He has an apparatus that I need for my next invention. My patron is a demanding taskmaster. The prince of this city. Buon giorno, signore. Marvellous, no? Call it what you will. With this machine I can make mercury flow in three directions at once. You must see my new workshop. The Prince has been very supportive. Andiamo! So, Catarina, what do you think of this place? My workshop in Florence was but a cave of ignorance in comparison. He is the perfect prince. Intelligent, but not overly so. In awe of my talent, but not threatened by it. And above all, and most importantly, his purse is inexhaustible. I give him my ideas. I have even resurrected my Great Bird, like the Phoenix of legend. They have materials here, Catarina, that are so strong and And so you shall, this very evening, but I caution you. He is as ruthless as a Borgia.  First Officer's log, stardate 51392.7. Though we've yet to hear from the Captain and Tuvok, Paris and Neelix have returned from their mission to the southern continent with some disturbing evidence.  [Briefing room] Catarina! Here are some friends I want you to meet. Catarina, wait a minute. Benissimo. Now if you'll pardon me. What about? Ah, grazie. And you, signore Tuvok, are equally provocative. Where exactly are you from? So, what do the Scandinavians think of this New World? Beyond words. Yes. Italy is already a fading memory. The city is full of mechanical marvels, the countryside alive with creatures strange and wonderful. I work on my inventions and my art, and I accompany the Prince when he goes to visit his great fortresses. Well, this er, fascinating conversation has left me as dry as Vulcan. An island off Sicily. Have you been there? Pity.(da Vinci leaves. Elsewhere in the market -) TAU: We'll talk later.(Another man leaves.)JANEWAY: Good evening. Buongiorno, amici. Too well, I'm afraid. My apologies, Catarina. The morning is half gone. Nevertheless, the images that come before the eyes upon awakening can be inspiring. (da Vinci has drawn a curious dragon with a Vulcan ear on its rump.) Catarina, where did I leave my silver tipped pen? I could swear it was here on the (Tuvok taps the mobile emitter to pause da Vinci.) Table. Where did he go? The ship? You mean the Portuguese are still in the harbour? Ah. Mad sea dogs, the Portuguese.  [Sickbay] I'm not going. I have already gone too far. He was threatening you, I had no alternative, but I must be here when he recovers his senses. I will try to explain. Maybe if I am lucky, he will not have me executed. I will not leave this New World. When are we not in prison? Hmm? When are our lives free from the influence of those who have more power than us? If this New World is a cage, then it is a cage of gold, of marvels, of opportunities. If this Prince is violent, violence can be tempered. Europe is despicable! Here I am free to do what I wish. Free from judgment, free to fail, but without a sense of shame, without, without the taunts of the ignorant. I will not go for Florence or Milan or Avignon. But for you, Catarina, for you I will go.  [Bridge] I can't recall. These fortresses, I've been to half a dozen of them. All are similar That is not the way an apprentice should address her master. Escape? We will be trapped inside. Computer. This invention, how does it work? Shadow and sunlight. Shadow and sunlight. The Prince, like any other thief, will fear theft above all else. So this stronghold will have but one entryway, on the side facing away from the sun. Esato.(Janeway unlocks the door.)  [Bridge] Even Theseus could not negotiate this labyrinth. Your compass is speaking to you. A trove of invention. Your computer? Che bella! There's a mechanical woman inside. And now? I don't understand. Catarina, what just happened to me? I was shot, yet I live. Such things are not possible. How? I must have an explanation. Madonna mia.  [Bridge] I cannot believe it. I will not believe it. My mind cannot accept the evidence of my eyes. Is this sorcery? Are we in Purgatory? Marvels, yes, but this is magic. Enchantment, not science. And I refuse to believe in enchantment. No! I must understand. Catarina, to see objects disappear into thin air. To see lightning pass through my body. Are we spirits? Catarina, am I dead? I should make my home in a tree, in the branch of an elm. I should hunt insects for food, straw for my nest, and in the springtime I should sing for a companion. Of course not. My mind would be too small. If Aristotle himself were to perch on my branch and lecture till he fell off from exhaustion, still the limits of my mind would prevent me from understanding. I could not accept that. And I would be a fool. Catarina, this way. Up the hill. I know just the escape.  [Engineering] Help me to the summit.  [Bridge] When Petrarch climbed Mount Verdoun, and saw all Europe below him, he knew he was witnessing the birth of a new age. He was witnessing the Renaissance. The rebirth of our world. So, Catarina, at this summit here, you and I will be reborn. Reborn, with wings.(The Great Bird is here, a massive hang-glider.) Hurry. There's not much time.  [Bridge] I took your advice after the last attempt, and increased the reach of the wings. Yes, yes, that too. Unfortunately, the river Arno is quite absent. This time, if we fail, only the stones will break our fall. Catarina, this time it will work. (Their pursuers fire at them.) Together, up. (They push the Great Bird forward on its wheels.) Catarina, we're flying! Like the birds!  [Bridge] France. These Florentines do not deserve my genius. I have written to the King of France telling him of my adventures in the New World, and invited him to soar with me from the towers of his castle. Why not? We ourselves have tested the design. No? Then others will suffice. Machines that fly through the air. Lightning flung from one's hands. Mechanical women who live in boxes. These things I have seen. And these things I must recreate. And who knows, possibly improve upon. And my heart. My oldest memory, Catarina, is of a great bird perched on my bed, its feathers open towards me as if summoning me. You yourself have accused me of giving up, of failing to complete my projects. No, you we're right. All my life I have wanted to fly. Perhaps my failure to do so has caused my heart to remain in flight, leaping from one thing to another, never satisfied, never complete. Now who knows what I cannot accomplish. Catarina, will you walk with me to my carriage?
