(Archers apartment) History never recorded the disaster. Someone violated the Temporal Accord. Someone who doesn't want your mission to succeed. (Devastated building) You're in the thirty first century, Captain. You don't understand. The time portals have been destroyed. Everything's been destroyed. There's no way to send you back. You're thinking of time travel like we're in some H.G. Wells novel. We're not. It's far more complicated. There's no way for you to understand. I don't have any answers. And you're right, I shouldn't be here. Which means you shouldn't be here either, but you are. We are. We brought you here to protect the time line. We did quite a job. It's gone. The monument. It was right here on the same street as the library. It was obviously never built. Not who. An organisation. The Federation. It doesn't exist for you, not yet. It should be right down there, if it was ever built, and even it was, it will be of no help. All the data's stored electronically. (They head to an impressive neo-classical building with a low central dome, triangular portico, tall windows, which looks very intac.t) [Library] (Massive bookshelves, librarians ladders, light streaming through the broken dome skylight.) Books made with paper. There aren't supposed to be books here. I doubt you will. Because you weren't there. I've looked through the twenty first and twenty second centuries. Everything looks right up until the Warp Five programme. After that, nothing looks right. We didn't bring a lot of people here this morning. We just brought you. Maybe you shouldn't be reading that. It wasn't just you, it was events you helped set in motion. It would have led to others. Silik wanted you, not the data disks. The people he answered to were more interested in capturing Jonathan Archer than in blaming Enterprise for the destruction of the colony. They obviously knew what role you were going to play in the months or years to come. By taking you away from the twenty second century I caused exactly what I was trying to prevent. The only chance I have of restoring my century is by getting you back to yours. Maybe we don't need a time machine. Do you have your communicator? May I? The people the Suliban were working for came from about three hundred years ago. They couldn't travel through time, but they did develop a way to send back images of themselves, to communicate through time. No, it's a little bit more complicated, but not much. We learned how to do it in high school, but we're going to need a few things that might not be too easy to find. Well done. I need you to unwrap it and pound it into small strips no more than a millimetre thick. [Reed's quarters] (Malcolm is pacing up and down when weird sounds I still have the spatial coordinates of Enterprise, but without a quantum discriminator it's going to be very tricky to contact the ship on the same day you left. Where quantum discriminators were on every desk. I made the biggest mistake in the history of time travel this morning. I don't intend to make it any worse. [T'Pol's quarters] (Two Suliban dump her back on her bed then leave. Trembling she bathes her face, then lies down again, cuddling a cushion.)
You're not dreaming, Captain. This must be very disorienting. I apologise, but I had no choice. He did, in a manner of speaking. We have to talk, Captain, and it's essential that none of the other factions know about it. I doubt any of them would think I'd bring you here. He's you. That hasn't happened yet. I've had this same conversation with half a dozen people. It always ends up the same way. It depends on the question. It's already been screwed with, Captain. That explosion at the Paraagan colony, it wasn't supposed to happen. That's not what I mean. History never recorded the disaster. Someone violated the Temporal Accord. Someone who doesn't want your mission to succeed. Do you remember the Temporal Cold War I spoke of? Then listen to me carefully. We don't have much time. (Back on board Enterprise) Ten minutes ago, that vista was more beautiful than anything you could imagine. I had breakfast in that room less than half an hour ago. Then I was instructed to bring you here. They told me that the timeline wouldn't be safe if you boarded that Suliban ship. Someone was very mistaken. You're in the thirty first century, Captain, or what's left of it. As far as I was told that was exactly what was supposed to occur. No. It looks like it happened a long time ago. You don't understand. All our equipment, the time portals, have been destroyed. Everything's been destroyed. There's no way to send you back. To Be Continued <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Welcome aboard, Captain. You're on Enterprise. Enterprise J to be exact, a distant relative of your ship. We're four hundred years in the future. (There's a battle going on outside in a murky purple haze.) Look out there. It extends fifty thousand light years in all directions, and it is growing. I know, in the Expanse. He belongs to the same race that built the Spheres. They're altering this space to make it habitable for their species. It's a prelude to invasion. It's getting harder and harder to surprise you, Captain. (the ship shakes from an impact) I've brought you to a monumental moment in history, the battle of Procyon Five, where the Federation engaged the Sphere Builders. Vulcans, Andorians, Ithenites, Klingons. Dozens of species, including humans, all unified in a powerful alliance. Sphere Builders. Without humanity, the Federation will never exist. You have to make the Xindi understand that humanity isn't the enemy. In fact, it's humanity that will protect them from the Sphere Builders when this battle is won. Contact them. Make peace. I know. If you destroy their weapon they will only build another. You are the only one who can convince them of what I have told you. It is crucial to history that you do not sacrifice yourself. Send someone else. Captain, you have to believe me. You are making a catastrophic mistake. This isn't one of them. Take this. (A coin-sized disc.) DANIELS: It's Xindi. A family medal that belongs to one of the crewmen on this ship. There are Xindi serving aboard Enterprise J. In case you change your mind.
Good morning, sir. I switched with him, if that's all right with you. Sir, I noticed we changed course. May I ask why? Very good, sir. More orange juice? Sir, I need to speak with you. It's important. It's about the Suliban. I've reason to believe that one of the pilgrims who came aboard today is a Suliban soldier. His name is Silik. He's the man you fought with on the Helix. It might be best if we discussed this in private. I think it'd be better if we went to my quarters. You'll understand when we get there, sir. [Daniel's quarters] (A very small room with two bunk beds) Oh, please, have a seat. I'm sorry about the mess. Sometimes I think my bunk-mate majored in Chaos Theory. (He takes a case out of a locker.) That's because I'm not a member of Starfleet. Not that I wouldn't be honoured to be one, sir, especially after spending time Did Silik tell you who he was working for? Did he mention the Temporal Cold War? A great deal more than you do, sir. I work for a different kind of organization. We make sure that people like Silik don't interfere with historical events. That's because it doesn't exist yet. That's one way of putting it. Maybe this'll help clear things up. (He activates device from the case and the room is filled with holographic data representations.) This is how we keep an eye on what's going on. You might call it a Temporal Observatory. I know this must seem a little overwhelming. I come from right about, right about here. Approximately nine hundred years from now. More or less. They're from an earlier century. From about here. They can't manifest themselves physically in the past. They can only partially materialise to deliver information. In the years that followed we eventually perfected the process. When time travel was first developed, it wasn't long before people realised that laws had to be made. All the species who had the technology agreed that it would only be used for research. Look at this. This is a group of anthropologists from 2769 observing the construction of the Great Pyramid at Giza. They're doing it using the proper procedures set forth in the Temporal Accord. But there are factions that ignore those procedures. (switches off images) Silik is the one who prevented the reactor breach. I am not implying anything. All I'm saying is that I was assigned here to capture Silik when he came aboard. He is a threat and I need you to help me capture him. The Suliban have been given genetic enhancements that allow them to evade most sensors. They're nearly impossible to detect. I have special equipment that can help track Silik but it'll be far more effective if I can tie it into your internal sensor grid. I'll need access to Main Engineering and your command codes. But we have reason to believe that the twenty second century is a front in this cold war. What happens here could affect millennia to come. It's imperative that we find out who Silik is working for and what they're trying to do. The fewer the better. You're asking me to capture someone who just saved my ship. Why should I trust you? You like your scrambled eggs soft. Have I ever brought them to you any other way? [Ready room] (Archer pours out the Voo-Sinteel.) My equipment draws a lot of power. I'll need another twenty megawatts routed to your sensor grid. Actually, I don't have a brother. Oh, I'm from a place called Illinois, sir. Just not the one you're familiar with. That depends on how you define Earth. You might want to initialise the grid. I'm ready to download the biometric parameters. It's very delicate. Please don't. (A holographic screen is being projected from it.) Please don't touch it. I'm afraid we don't monitor events quite that closely. I'll take care of it. (He goes to the bulkhead.) J-37? (Daniels activates device and walks through the wall, a few moments and back he comes.) Try it now. [Archer's quarters] (Porthos is barking.) It's working. (His device chirps.) Suliban biosigns. He's somewhere on this deck. I can't isolate him, but he's close. Call Lieutenant Reed. Tell him to seal off C Deck. And it wouldn't hurt if he could get down here with a security team. (Tucker sees a ripple against a bulkhead.) You two should go. Go! Bring help. Go. (The outline of a figure is on the upper gantry.)
It's okay. How've you been, Jon? I am. We don't know any more than you do. History doesn't mention anything about a conflict between humans and Xindi. The events that are taking place are the result of temporal incursions. They are not supposed to be happening. Yes, they are, but the outcome hasn't reached us yet. It takes a while for changes to ripple through the time line. What about him? You have no reason not to. I wish I could say that it does, but I don't know. I told you, none of this was supposed to happen. We've detected three Xindi where they're not supposed to be. I'm not talking about the Expanse. I'm talking about Detroit, Michigan, a hundred and fifty years ago. [T'Pol's quarters] (The doorbell wakes her.)
This is a very important day, Jonathan. It'll only take a minute. You see the fellow in the blue jacket, near the left hand of the dais? That's you, a little more than seven years from now. You and the others are about to make history. Do you remember I told you about a Federation? I work with some people who are going to be pretty angry with me for telling you this, but you're going to be an integral part of forming that Federation. You're down there, right now, with Vulcans, Andorians and Tellarites, getting ready to sign the Charter. The membership is going to grow. Dozen, eventually hundreds of species. A United Federation of Planets. Let Reed or one of the others go to the control platform. It's too great a risk. If you're killed, none of this will happen. At least, not the way it's supposed to happen. It's essential you be a part of this. Earth. Lieutenant Reed can work with Sato. (applause in background) They are not crucial to the future of mankind. You are. You can't ignore your place in history.
Where's Captain Archer? The Temporal Cold War has become an all-out conflict. Temporal agents, dozens of them stationed throughout the timeline. They've been given orders to change history. Each faction is trying to wipe the others out. It's a fight for dominance. Different incursions are causing paradoxes. Turbulence in the time stream. I almost didn't make it back. (He has a spasm of pain.) You can't. It doesn't exist. Not the way you know it. Neither does mine. It's all gone. You have to stop him Jonathan. The most dangerous faction of the Cold War. They're led by Vosk, a fanatic violently opposed to the Temporal Accords. We almost captured him, but he developed a form of stealth time travel. He escaped into the past. We eventually located him, but it was too late. He returned to my century. He and his people defeated us and launched this war that's destroying all of time. I've sent you to this point because it's here that Vosk can be stopped. If you succeed, the war will never happen. The timeline will be restored. Vosk's time travel device had a drawback. It was a one-way trip. He needed to construct the conduit to get home, but he was forced to use technology from this time period. The machine would have to be enormous. Find it. Destroy it. He must not succeed. Stop him. (Daniels dies.) [Nazi Weapons Facility] (Tucker and Travis are hustled into Vosk's laboratory.)
Find it. Destroy it. He must not succeed. Stop him. It's quite a sight. The timeline's resetting itself. You did it. Vosk is dead. He didn't make it back. All of the damage he caused, it never happened. In a way. It's coming to an end because of what you did. You have no idea how many lives you've saved. It's almost ready. Good-bye, Jonathan. Captain. It's been a privilege. (And with an image of Archer running down the gantry before the Xindi weapon exploded, the Bridge shimmers back into view.) [Bridge]
He belongs to the same race that built the Spheres. They're altering this space to make it habitable for their species. You have to make the Xindi understand that humanity isn't the enemy.
