SS Tsiolkovsky, repeat your message. Captain, what we just heard is impossible. I believe that last sound we heard was an emergency hatch being blown. Indications of what humans would call a wild party? (They find a monitor, with a static laden image) Correction, sir, that's blown out. A common mistake, sir, I am already listed in several bio-mechanical texts, Doctor. Specifics, sir? Ah. The body Geordi discovered. To someone, somewhere. About that, sir. Did the Doctor believe I was boasting? At least several hours. But what I said was a statement of fact. Perhaps she will look it up. Can you provide more information, sir? Seeking an instance of someone showering in his or her clothing is Why should anyone wish to expend his time in such a search? Ah, a human proverb! As in folklore, or an historical allusion, or tribal memories Enterprise history. Aberrant behavior. Medical cross reference, (Picard enters) Aye, sir. Downloading. Inquiry, sir. Snootful? Captain, another forty-one minutes will see the information from the Tsiolkovsky downloaded to us. Slow, sir? The Tsiolkovsky has been eight months in accumulating it. Like a full collapse, sir? Any stellar material it threw this way we could still outrun on half impulse power. [Engineering] Confirmed, sir. And there was a rather peculiar limerick being delivered by someone in the Shuttlecraft bay. I am not sure I understand it. There was a young lady from Venus whose body was shaped like Did I say something wrong? Yes, sir. (Data leaves) Lieutenant Yar? Captain Picard ordered me to escort you to Sickbay, Lieutenant. I am sure he meant now. So, you need time to get into uniform. Chronological age? No, I am afraid I am not familiar with I am sorry. I did not know, Of course, but In every way, of course. I am programmed in multiple techniques, a broad variety of pleasuring, Fully, Captain. We are more alike than unlike, my dear Captain. I have pores. Humans have pores. I have fingerprints. Humans have fingerprints. My chemical nutrients are like your blood. If you prick me, do I not leak? (Crusher enters) Nice to see you, Wesley. Ah, a game! (So, with Red Alert screaming, Data sits down at the panel and starts slotting chips in, very quickly) No, this will take slightly more time than we have, sir. (Riker starts sweating) If we just had one minute more, sir,
Thirteenth Century, sir. With their orbital control station, sir. It reads similar to early Starfleet efforts but uses the Heglenian shift to convert matter and energy in different. (turns) Which is actually not important at this time. If I may, sir. One of the things about them in the briefing studies was their respect for patience. It is a highly structured society in which people live by strict codes of honour. For example, what Lutan did is similar to what certain American Indians once did called counting coup. That's from an obscure language called French. Counting coup Indeed? But surely, sir Yes, sir. Counting coup could be as simple as touching an enemy with a stick in battle, or taking something from him and escaping. It was considered extremely heroic. Transmission from the planet surface, sir, Main viewer on. Politely, Captain. Agreed, sir. Their customs concerning guests make it much preferable. Except that Ligonian custom makes it clear that a visiting leader becomes an honoured guest. Not us, not second in command, him. Why that razor, my friend? Why not the one I adjusted to perfect efficiency? Puzzling. How can anything be too efficient? We always come back to the human equation. Constantly, my friend. Particularly the humour. A man goes to a store to buy some kidneys. He says to the shopkeeper, I'd like a pound of kiddillies, please. The shopkeeper says to him, You mean kidneys, don't you? The man says, I said kiddillies, diddle I? How do you know when something is funny? Perhaps it is you, Geordi. Includling the kiddillies, I've learned six hundred sixty two jokes, and you have not It was not meant as a joke. The tongue slipped. From any particular point of view, sir? Most interesting. Could this be human joke number six hundred sixty three? Which makes it important to know which of these weapons are to be used. I may not understand human humour, sir, but I am a Starfleet Academy graduate. understanding the Prime Directive, sir. And light, as if they were made for women to use. Uncertain, sir. However, joined together they would make a rectangle or square enclosing one hundred twenty one square metres. If put end to end vertically, they would make a pole forty four metres high, or two of twenty two. You're welcome, sir. (Tasha enters) Most interesting. Do you? Was I seen leaving? Captain Picard wanted no risk of our communications being overheard. You are to proceed now as he indicated. I'm here to brief you on what he plans. [Centreplace] (The Starfleet group enter, Tasha is wearing the weapon glove)
Legends which are totally unsupported by fact, Captain. A message from planet Haven, Counsellor. They wish to beam the Miller wedding party aboard. [Transporter room] (Mr. Steven Miller, Mrs. Victoria Miller and their son Wyatt beam aboard) On the viewer, Captain. Unidentified vessel travelling sub-warp speed, bearing two three five point seven. If you mean a Tarellian vessel, sir, it is. Tarella was class M, much like your Earth, with similar humanoid life forms. Unfortunately they faced the old story of hatred out powering intelligence. Between the inhabitants of their two land masses, resulting in one group unleashing a deadly biological weapon on the other. Exactly thirteen hours, nine minutes, twenty two seconds, three hundred fifty Considering the rate at which you imbibe, sir, is your lineage at all mixed with human? (Homn exaggeratedly sticks his nose in the air. Such an insult, young android) Sir? Perhaps being human yourself, sir, you do not find them as intriguing as I. Mrs. Troi, I'm very interested in the Betazed ceremony you mentioned. Could you tell us more? Could you please continue the petty bickering? I find it most intriguing. [Holodeck] (Riker is brooding in an evening desert landscape) Because our sensors are showing a responder echo, sir, on the frequency they once used. They're within transporter range, sir. Unless they have all died. Their ship could have been brought in by automation.
Sir, we put Mister Kosinski's specs into the computer and ran a controlled test on them. There was no improvement in engine performance. It's off the scale, sir. Captain, no one has ever reversed engines at this velocity. Malfunction, I trust. Two million seven hundred thousand light years. You must, sir. Our comparisons show it to be completely accurate. Which, traveling subspace, they should receive in fifty-one years, ten months nine weeks, sixteen days Sir? (Kosinski, Riker and Argyle enter) Captain, we're here. Why not avail ourselves of this opportunity for study? There is a giant protostar here in the process of forming. No other vessel has been out this far. According to the instruments, sir, our speed never exceeded warp one point five. Where none have gone before. Captain's log, stardate 41263.3. Instead of returning to our own galaxy, the Enterprise has gone forward to a place in the universe which is uncharted and unknown. Our present position puts us at over a billion light years from our galaxy. [Bridge] Warp one point five, sir, which is what my instruments have read all along. Sleigh ride? Warp five, sir.
Listed as Delphi Ardu, sir. Eleven planets, unexplored. Possibility, a malfunction in their engines, sir. Nothing specific, sir. As you know, Ferengi technology is estimated to be generally equal to our own. Correct, sir. We are no doubt advanced in some areas, they in others. Mostly electromagnetic, sir. Fusion generator and batteries down by thirty percent. They are slowing too, sir. Sir, something is dragging us forward. Captain, this shouldn't be. Our ship's power systems are failing. None, sir. Only hearsay and third hand reports, most of which conflict. That the Ferengi are, well, the best description may be traders. A comparison modern scholars have drawn from Earth history likens the Ferengi to the ocean-going Yankee traders of eighteenth and nineteenth century America, sir. Who in this case sail the galaxy in search of mercantile and territorial opportunity. Hardly, sir. I believe this analogy refers to the worst quality of capitalists. The Ferengi are believed to conduct their affairs of commerce on the ancient principle caveat emptor. Let the buyer beware. Well, sir, I doubt they wear red, white and blue, or look anything like Uncle Sam. And the German nation red, black and gold. The Italians green, white and red. The British It was you who Given what is now happening to our ship, sir, their weapons could be vastly superior to ours. Captain, I think you had better see this. Someone is reading every file, every bit of information stored in the Enterprise memory banks. And more, perhaps. Open, sir. Hailing frequencies open, sir. (sotto voce to Geordi) Fortunately, Starfleet has no such rules involving our second officers. As requested, Captain, library computer information on this planet. It has been charted only from long range scans. It is Class M, but shows no indications of life forms, sentient or otherwise. However, you may find this of interest. Resolving it into our language. (a holographic display over the table of the Tkon Empire data entry) The centre of a huge space federation, a population of trillions. Understandable. It has been extinct six hundred thousand of our (his forefingers are stuck in the puzzle) of our years. These planets were once outposts of that empire. Apologies, Captain. I seem to have reached an odd functional impasse. I am stuck. Yes, sir. That is what I am trying to do, sir, but the solution eludes me. Intriguing. It describes the Empire as being highly advanced and powerful, and capable of actually moving stars. Correct, sir. Outposts. The planet below was possibly one of them. Their sun went supernova, sir. This planet may have been the most distant outpost, sir, but it shows no life form readings. Yankee trader. Especially in view of the fact the image he transmitted, sir, was somehow distorted. With this power drain, we may have trouble communicating with the Enterprise, sir. Due to this forcefield, there is presently no way to beam us back, sir. Most intriguing, sir. I assume a problem of inaccurately transmitted programme coordinates due to the force field around the ship, sir. Are we alone, sir? Crystalline. Mostly inert. Nothing to write home about. Slang, sir. I did use it correctly, did I not? What? Tricorder's useless, sir. Communication's gone too. Fortunately you did not break any (holding one aloft) Careful, Commander, they're much stronger than (Riker gets thumped, hard) I believe we can deduce that these crystalline tree shapes are actually energy collectors. It is a matter of record, Portal. In the Age of Makto, the central star of the Tkon Empire destabilised and In fact, there have been many ages which have come and passed since Makto. I'm afraid not. According to the Tkon use of galactic motionary startime charts, after Bastu came Cimi, Xora, Makto They should add that Starfleet has permitted several civilisations to fall. We have at times allowed the strong and violent to overcome the weak. Something to write home about.
Sir, my sensors are picking up an unusual energy object ahead. Also travelling at warp speed, sir. Intriguing. I can find no match with anything in our records, sir. Aye, sir. [Sensor Maintenance] (Geordi and Worf are checking the screens in the small room) No life form reading, sir. Sir, it is changing shape. Negative, Captain. Energy only. (The Enterprise enters the cloud) [Sensor Maintenance] (Worf goes over to a wall panel, and puts his pen device on it. Blue energy goes up his arm and he cries out. Then he is flung back to the floor) A mystery is only a mystery as long as it remains uninvestigated, sir. Intriguing, Doctor. What does helm control have to do with medical crosschecks? (Unseen by him, the blue energy leaves Beverly and enters the computer. She is disoriented) Is something wrong, Doctor? Captain? There is a malfunction in this station. I cannot bring any information up on it. Science two does not function either, sir. It is a virtual impossibility, sir. Sir, subspace radio is out. [Ready room] If the Enterprise were really this fragile, sir, she never would have left Spacedock. Therefore, her systems' failures are not endemic to the ship, but are the result of the actions of an unknown adversary. I believe I said that. Ferengi contacts have been detected on both Selay and Antica, sir. Inquiry. Private eye? A most interesting occupation. (smoking a meerschaum pipe) Imprecise, Lieutenant. They omitted certain truths, which in itself tells us something. Indubitably, my good woman. Has studied, sir. Every case. As Holmes would've pointed out, during the time in question, something was afoot. While both sets of delegates say they were in their quarters, our crew locator sensed them passing here and here. On the contrary, dear colleague. On their return, they drew medical supplies appropriate to the treatment of minor wounds and abrasions on these life forms. Exactly. That they were too engaged in their own affairs to have disabled our ship and murdered the Engineer. Given a choice, they'd rather kill each other than any of us. It's elementary, my dear Riker. Sir. [Sickbay] (Crusher is staring at a moving light on a device in Troi's hand) Yes, sir. If you wish, sir. But I ask if you'd take it as incontrovertible that it cannot be a family member or one of our crew? Then our investigation was worthwhile, sir. We have eliminated both the delegates and the ship's regular complement. I am referring to the great detective's credo, sir. I quote, we must fall back on the old axiom that when other contingencies fail, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. [Bridge] Yes, since we obtained only minimal information on our sensor pass of it. A mere change of direction hardly justifies mutiny. And at the moment it is all pure speculation. He has done nothing to subject the Enterprise to danger. I understand. As an energy pattern, free of the limitations of matter, he might travel anywhere, at any velocity. Sir, I see no way for you to journey with an energy form. Still no readings, no sign of anything. Sir, the entity was caught in the ship's circuitry. The Captain might try to get in the same way if he's in trouble. Just as before, going to Worf first. He's in the ship's circuitry. Come to the Transporter room, please. There might be a way, sir. Hurry! [Transporter room] I knew we had to have the Captain's physical pattern here, sir. He was the last one to beam out. Unknown at this time, sir. I hope the Captain remembers his physical pattern is here. If he has, his energy has moved into the transporter relays by now. Energising, sir. (Slowly, Picard materialises on the platform) I believe the Captain is now his separate self, sir. Much of what happened is naturally missing. Indubitably, sir, Indubitably.
But there is a problem here, sir. I'm reading something off the starboard bow, but there is nothing there. I've traced it through our sensor channel, sir It is not a glitch or any other form of error or malfunction. Exactly. As if it were neither in or out of our dimension. Whatever is sitting out there without triggering our alarm relays, sir. Enterprise to object off our starboard bow. Request that you identify yourself. (And something appears) It was something unintelligible, Captain. Now running it through language and logic circuits. I've got some information on its first transmission, sir. It translates as stand by. Verified, sir. Something very small. (A little globe of light passes through the shields, and the hull, and the bulkheads) The away team signal's been cut off, Captain. We've lost contact with our people. The colony we just planted, sir. Captain, I do not understand how, but it is asking me if I was constructed for information exchange. I was an excellent choice for them, Captain. They were able to communicate with me quite. I was about to say quite easily, but there was nothing easy about it. Fortunately, they stopped short of overloading my circuitry. Definitely not a single entity if that's what you mean, sir, although they know the Edo worship them as a god thing. They recognise that this is quite expected and harmless at the present Edo stage of evolution. It is perhaps not what we would understand as a vessel, sir. The dimensions this one occupies allows them to be, well, to be in several places at once. But they consider this entire star cluster to be theirs. It was probably unwise of us to attempt to place a human colony in this area. Of course, there are three thousand four other planets in this star cluster in which we could have colonised. The largest and closest Babble, sir? I'm not aware that I ever babble, sir. It may be that from time to time I have considerable information to communicate, and you may question the way I organise it. Undecided, sir. I volunteer that they are now observing us, sir. No, it is more curiosity, sir. I doubt that they expect us to abide by their value systems. They know everything I know, sir. It would be a case of judging us by our own rules, sir. If we violate our own Prime Directive, they might consider us to be deceitful and untrustworthy. You do recall they cautioned us not to interfere with their children below. What has happened? Most interesting, sir. The emotion of motherhood, compared to all others felt by You were right, sir. I do tend to babble. Captain's log, stardate 41255.9. Whatever the object or vessel in orbit with us, it hangs there like a nemesis. It is one thing to communicate with something mysterious, but it is quite another to be silently observed by it. I am concerned whether it understands the same concept of reason that we do? [Lounge] You sent for me, sir? Yes, sir. What level of communication, sir? But I do, sir. The problem, sir, is there. (the Edo vessel) Although they've learned of the Prime Directive from my mind, how will they evaluate it? How do they reason? What are their values? Remember their warning to us, sir. Would you choose one life over one thousand, sir? Any sufficiently advanced life form would appear to others to be that, sir. But when they were probing my thoughts, Captain, I could feel that whatever they are now, they once existed in this dimension, just as we do. Perhaps in the same kind of flesh and blood form. Since then, however, they have evolved considerably. Their present existence in multi-dimensions no doubt has advantages we do not understand. We know the Edo share them, sir. Perhaps the Edo are a child race by comparison. Possibly a race which those life forms have planted here. Much as we plant human colonies on Class-M planets. (Crusher enters) Aye, sir. [Council chambers] Captain. (The Edo ship vanishes)
Boosting it? How? (catches Picard's eye) We will discuss this later. Time, sir. Second-hand, sir? Oh, of course. A human joke. Captain, he may refer to an incident which occurred nine years ago in the Maxia Zeta star system, in which an unidentified starship Which you destroyed, sir. Hardly a mistake, sir. Your report shows that it deliberately attacked. You performed what Starfleet textbooks now refer to as the Picard Manoeuvre. Sir, the Ferengi are standing by for us to take possession of the Stargazer. (reading the plaque) USS Stargazer. Constellation Class. Starfleet Registry NCC 2893. (lights come on and Geordi enters) You'll find this most intriguing, sir. The last entry dated nine years ago, sir. By you. (reading screen) We are forced to abandon our starship. May she find her way without us. Apparently she did, sir. Starfleet has responded to our request, sir. A tug will rendezvous with us and tow the Stargazer back to Xendi Starbase Nine. The records of the Stargazer, sir. What the Ferengi call the Battle of Maxia. It seems the Captain's personal log contains a much different version of that conflict than the official historic account. It would appear that the starship which Captain Picard attacked, had in fact, been under a flag of truce. And apparently, the Captain destroyed the ship without notice or provocation. An accident in Engineering. It is logged in his own voice, sir. Would you care to hear it, sir? Sir? [Picard's quarters] By comparing the Stargazer's main computer log with Captain Picard's personal log, I have found checksum discrepancies, sir. All information is time-coded by entry, and the bits when totaled produce an aggregate amount which One of these two logs is a forgery, sir. As I said, that is one of them, is it not? (Picard enters) Yes, sir. Whoever tampered with your personal log was clever. Sir. (Data and Geordi leave) I have a fix on it, sir. Inside Captain Picard's quarters. Considerable fire damage to interior surface reported, sir. But none of her main systems were crippled. There is no defence, sir. I have computed a possibility, Commander. Since even deep space contains trace gases, sir, a vessel in the Picard manoeuvre might seem to disappear, but our sensors could locate any sudden compression of those gases. This class starship has enough power to use our tractor beam on it. Seize it, limit it's field of fire. No question of it, sir.
Which will bring us to the colony in three point two hours, sir. The Q entity, sir. It is identical to the grid we encountered when Obviously a class M world. Gravity and oxygen within our limits. Considering the power demonstrated by Q the last time, anywhere. Assuming this place even exists. Sir, what he has in mind might provide us with vital information. (Riker joins Q at a table in front of a tent. He picks up a glass to drink) That is what humans call a truism. This is from Europe's Napoleonic era, sir. Late eighteenth, early nineteenth centuries. This is a campaign headquarters tent, his uniform is that of a French Army marshal. The third ridge? Muskets are appropriate to the 1790 to 1800 French army uniform, sir. But it is hardly a weapon by our standards. A lead ball propelled by gunpowder. One hundred metres at best with any accuracy. You may find it aesthetically displeasing, sir. I could just file a computer report on that. And the reason for that, sir? This way sir. (Data forces open a jammed door and they enter a room with some water on the floor and people groaning. Crusher and her medics start tending to them) Sir, if indeed you have the power of Q. Are you certain, sir? No. No, sir. Yes, sir, that is true. But I never wanted to compound one illusion with another. It might be real to Q, perhaps even you, sir. But it would not be so to me. Was it not one of the Captain's favourite authors who wrote, This above all, to thine own self be true? Sorry, Commander, I must decline. Sir, how is it that the Q can handle time and space so well, and us so badly?
Mordan has had peace for five years. They have finally come to a state of productivity which satisfies their planetary needs, but no more than that. Perhaps the dissidents feel the Federation could provide them with more. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. Frequency open and secured. [Observation lounge] Aye, sir. I have it, sir. I am sorry, sir. That does not correspond with the information in my tricorder, sir. Captain, the Admiral is definitely incorrect. The tunnel schematics we have show this to be a dead end. It was sealed off two years ago. Their phasers, sir, set on kill. No sign of a wound.
An ancient Earth device used primarily for transportation. Also seen as a source of status and virility. Often a prime ingredient in teenage mating rituals. City block. Shall I tell him, sir? Yes. If, on the other hand, the Captain makes even the slightest error We are all aware of the tape of the last Federation starship to come in contact with the Jaradan. It graphically demonstrates what happened when that Captain offended them. Should we not rerun it? Why would the Captain not want to review all available information on the subject? This Dixon Hill is a most puzzling character. Ah, but was his modus operandi not dissimilar? Worth investigating. Computer: request all biographical information on fictional character Dixon Hill. Request complete text of all stories involving said character. Increase speed. (The ultimate speed reading course whizzes before Data's optics) Captain's log, supplemental. The Jaradan rendezvous still is eleven hours away. I am about to reenter the world of Dixon Hill, this time properly dressed. An experience like this is more enjoyable when shared, so I've invited our fiction expert, Whalen, to accompany me. Doctor Crusher will join us shortly. [Outside Holodeck] (In trench coat and fedora, Picard looks the part) Request permission to accompany you, sir. I am totally versed in the genre of the period. DiMaggio, sir. Jolting Joe, the Yankee clipper. The streak they refer to will eventually reach fifty six games. And be snapped by a pair of journeyman hurlers for the Cleveland Indians. The record will stand until the year 2026, when a shortstop for the London Kings Cat? (Bogart) Hiya Doc. What's cooking? He's on ice. He's being grilled. Yeah, me too, boss. I'd love to take a gander. (rolled eyes all round) [Hill's Waiting room] Computer, identify exit. [Hill's office] There is a programming malfunction. The computer refuses to identify the exits. I am at a loss, sir. We are in a holodeck-created building of 1941. The computer refuses to accept voice commands. The controls for the environment are, therefore, not accessible. Your devotion to etiquette is highly admirable, sir. However, your methods leave much to be desired. I was created on a planet South America. He speaks the truth, sir. From your point of view, he is only a facsimile, a knock-off, a cheap imitation. Sorry sir, that did not come out quite the way I intended. It is you who are not real, sir. It is you who are imaginary characters derived from a work of fiction. I am afraid you are not real either, Lieutenant. An electronic or mechanical apparatus capable of carrying out repetitious or complex mathematical operations at high speed. Computers are used to control, process, perform, or store If you were going to go through yourself, sir, that is not possible. With your permission, sir? And you, sir? It was raining in the city by the bay. A hard rain. Hard enough to wash the slime Sorry, sir.
Aah, ahh, ahh (Wesley enters) Choo! Sneezing. A cold what? Ah. But humans still sneeze for other reasons and I cannot seem to do it right. More than interested. Fascinated. One might say agog. But I also find sneezing interesting. No, thank you, sir. I could say home sweet home, sir, if I understood how the word sweet applies. Affirmative, sir. But the colony's principal interest was science. It does not, unfortunately. It means only the knowledge they had accumulated. Actually, I am quite deficient in some basic human information. Sneezing, for example. The land contours are familiar, sir. Topographically, this is the correct area. I was discovered twenty six years ago. I was found twenty metres in that direction, sir. (They walk down steps cut into the rock, to a cave) I have always felt that it was done hurriedly, but I know little more. Here, sir. This is where the cruiser's landing party found the signal device that had led them here. And they found me lying there, sir. (He indicates a platform, obviously man-made, on a rock shelf) Only a layer of dust. Opening my eyes. Looking into the eyes of the Tripoli landing party. They believed that the signal device sensed their presence and activated me. Yes, that was it, Geordi. This wakens a memory remnant of how the colonists hoped to remain hidden, but their fear of being discovered led to their storing information in me. Only a vague impression of some of my functions being tested here. (There are crude pictures on a notice board of a spiky object in the sky) It depicts something that feels familiar, sir. And dangerous. But I have no idea what it represents. And that is all. Except for an impression of this being a Doctor Soong's work area. He was called that here, but his memories indicate he travelled here under a different name. Commander, can this be another me? Or possibly my brother? He needs assembling. It is very important for me to know that, sir. I never dreamed it was possible I might find some link with some form like my own. I've been most anxious to hear the Chief Engineer's opinion, Mister Argyle. Do you believe he can be made to function? Completely, sir. Well, sir, a good starting point may be, why was I given human form? Better in some ways, sir. Press your fingers there, Doctor. (the small of his back) There. It operates almost as a switch. An android alarm clock. Is that amusing? They time how long I remain unconscious. I will feel nothing at all. If you had an off switch Doctor, would you not keep it secret? Human language gives me difficulty too, sir. Imperfect could mean I lack certain abilities he possesses. We do, sir, and your referring to him as an it suggests that I, too, fit into the category of a thing. Gladly accepted, sir. As for Lore's abilities, his use of syntax and grammar suggests he was given human memories similar to my own. I believe so, sir. The answer, sir, is that my loyalty is to you and Starfleet. Completely. All of which you will learn more about when the Captain has approved your being on the Bridge. Never. I judge Lore to be superior in that desire. You consider it important to please humans? There are many things of importance. Some more than others. [Corridor] Do you realise that Commander Riker's hypotenuse question tricked you into showing your knowledge was greater than you were indicating? You tend to underestimate humans, my brother. Praising young Wesley on the helm, for example He has a child's body, but we have found him to be much more. Everything available on a Doctor Noonien Soong. But he had destroyed his own reputation by making what seemed wild promises about his positronic brain design, almost all of which failed. If you get one the way I did, Lore, it will mean four years at the Academy, another three as ensign, ten or twelve on varied space duty in the lieutenant grades. How? And will we also discuss, Lore, which of us was constructed first? You lived with the colonists? Quite true. I keep trying to be more human, and keep failing. And do you realise, Lore, that I am obligated to report all of this to our ship's Captain? Use it also to describe for the Captain the time you spent among the colonists. Including everything you know about what happened to them. Thank you, Lore. I now have duties to perform. Unless of course, you need something more. To go? Which is used in our construction. That particular compound is no more suspicious, sir, than a human looking for an antiseptic or an ointment. Nevertheless, I should check it out. Champagne? I have some doubts about the value of human customs (feels an effect) in this. My brother! I will function sufficiently to stop Lore, Doctor [Cargo bay] (Lore is at the cargo transporter console) How sad, dear brother. You make me wish I were an only child. I will stay with Wesley, Doctor. Wes! The transporter. (Data throws Lore onto the pad, and just as Lore aims the phaser) Wesley, now! (Wesley beams Lore out, somewhere. Tasha and Riker arrive, armed, followed by Picard and Crusher) Yes, sir. I'm fine. (twitch) Yes, Captain.
Angel One is a class M planet, sir, supporting carbon based flora and fauna, sparsely populated with intelligent life forms. It is similar in technological development to mid-twentieth century Earth. Five months, fourteen days, eleven hours, two minutes And fifty seven seconds. Angel One has evolved into a constitutional oligarchy. It is governed by a parliamentary body consisting of six elected Mistresses, and headed by a female they refer to as The Elected One. A Federation vessel last visited this planet sixty two years ago, Captain. What do we do if they deny the existence of survivors? Interesting. An alcohol-based synthetic, artificially reproducing a floral scent. The purpose of which is? I am unfamiliar with that term. How does stimulation of the olfactory nerves affect the enjoyment of sex? (Trent enters) If we can isolate something unique to the Odin survivors, perhaps an element not otherwise found on Angel One, we can utilise the Enterprise scanners. I am an android, Mistress, although anatomically I am a male. A justified precaution, Counsellor. Mistress Beata observed that Mister Ramsey and his men are dangerous. Actually, it was quite simple. Angel One has no platinum. Enterprise scanners did the rest. Mister Ramsey is correct, Counsellor. The Odin was not a starship, which means her crew is not bound by the Prime Directive. If he and the others wish to stay here, there is absolutely nothing we can do about it. [Sickbay] Doctor Crusher feels the virus will undoubtedly run unchecked through the entire ship. Attempts to develop an inoculants have so far ended in failure. Lieutenant La Forge still has Bridge command pending your return, sir. The border outpost reports a contingent of seven Romulan battlecruisers within sensor range. The USS Berlin has answered the distress call. However, should hostilities erupt, both the outpost and the starship will be out-gunned. It is felt that the Enterprise's presence in the area will be a vital show of force. Excuse me, Commander, but removing any of these people against their will would be a violation of several Starfleet regulations, not the least of which would be the Prime Directive. This is Data, standing by to beam up. (He beams away) [OC]: Enterprise to Commander Riker. To be precise, Commander, you ordered me to reach the Neutral Zone before it is too late. [Guest quarters] After relieving Lieutenant La Forge, I computed the length of time the border outpost [Bridge] And the USS Berlin can safely withstand a Romulan attack, and deducted our time to destination at maximum warp speed. That leaves Doctor Crusher forty eight minutes to develop an inoculants to the virus. [Guest quarters] Forty seven, sir. [Guest quarters] Go ahead, Doctor. Bingo? I fail to see the relevance, Doctor. Is that not a reference to an ancient Earth game? [Sickbay] Excellent, Doctor. We still have seventeen minutes left. I will inform the away team immediately. Enterprise to Riker. [Great hall] Understood, Commander. [Great hall] (Beata and the council enter) Sir? (Picard glares at Riker)
Ready to dock, sir. It is an attempt at pure creativity. And this is my attempt, with guidance from Geordi. I am awaiting inspiration. This is Commander Data. Go ahead, please. [Bridge] Can you be more specific? [Bridge] The field is deteriorating. Contact the captain immediately. I am initiating Red Alert. Engineering to Captain. (no reply) If the antimatter is released, the ship will be destroyed. Computer, situation analysis. Engineering to Bridge. [Bridge] Alert starbase. Inform them we are abandoning the ship. Tell them why. Initiate automated sequence for departure. Set course and speed course and speed to put maximum distance between the Enterprise and any inhabited planets. [Bridge] Based on all information presently available, the decision is correct. This is Lieutenant Commander Data speaking for the Captain. Abandon ship. This is not a drill. All personnel. This is not a drill. (around the ship) I say again, abandon ship. All personnel, this is not a drill. [Bridge] Computer, where are the Captain and Commander Riker? Curious. The Captain is usually the last to leave. I hope we are. [Starbase Command Centre] (Data and Geordi beam in) No. Are they not here on Starbase? We have to beam back and get them. Which is the nearest Starfleet vessel? I know the Trieste. Too small, too slow. Where are the Bynars? They are obviously still aboard. Another Starfleet vessel must be sent to intercept the Enterprise at Bynaus. They might be taking the ship to their home planet. It is the best place for us to start. [Corridor] Do you think I am responsible? My station is on the Bridge. You are wrong, Geordi. I can. I do not need rest or diversion. I should not have been painting. I was negligent. The access would be available by code or password. [Bridge] File names can be anything, sir. [Bridge] Then a name, or a place. It could be something personal. In this case, in binary language, which is ones and zeros in groups of eight or sixteen characters. [Bridge]
We are sensing life-forms, sir. Both matters are subjects of protracted discussion. Theories, reports, but nothing first-hand. The efficiency of your hydraulic landscaping is quite elegant. Geordi, this appears to be the master subsurface pump. This is interesting. The water table is a thin ribbon between the sandy surface layer and the rocks below. Which would require extreme precision from the probe controls. Go ahead, Geordi. [Control room] I will go with you. But this is almost as if the laser drill seemed to operate itself with a will [Control room] The laser blasts seemed to end when the yelling stopped. [Control room] Not possible. [Control room] Uncertain. Geordi, please return power to the control console in this room. I wish to reactivate the programme. [Control room] I am running the base drilling programme. (The little red light focuses on the back of Data's neck and the doors slam shut. Data turns and dodges the deadly beams) [Control room] Bridge, this is Lieutenant Commander Data. No need to beam me up, sir. The situation is under control. Yes. No, but the firing programme was dynamic. It adjusted to my tactics. It tracked with me, anticipating. A fixed programme could not have done that. That is exactly how it appeared. There was a mind working against me. I had no choice. [Ready room] We were attempting to trace the source of the malfunction when it attacked me. It would appear the laser's drilling system was reprogrammed, sir. As soon as its memory bank received power, it turned itself on and went after me. Fortunately, I was able to cope with it. I believe it was programmed to destroy any person moving in that room, sir. Certainty. But it was done. What are we to look for, sir? Geordi, I need some visual assistance. Speculation. Could it be alive? Whatever it is, it could be what they are covering up, and the reason someone killed Malencon. Captain's log, supplemental. On my order, Data's startling discovery of a possible life form has been beamed aboard so that its true nature might be uncovered. But unlike life on Earth and elsewhere, it appears to be completely inorganic. [Medical lab] (The stuff from the tunnel walls is in a bell jar) It's never been done, Doctor. Reproduction? Recheck analysis, please. It started after Doctor Crusher ordered the scanner to magnify. Unknown. But it is definitely reacting to our presence. Perhaps it is picking up the electrical impulse of our systems. Without external influence. Unknown, sir. Perhaps it is scanning us. Unknown at this time, sir. It is projecting an energy field. Only life can replicate itself, Doctor. Inorganic or not, it is alive. Please show me the spectral analysis magnification twelve K. Transistor material. Emits charge when lit. The Universal Translator is coming on line, sir. An accurate description of humans, sir. You are over ninety per cent water surrounded by a flexible container. The translator is now offline, sir. Sir, that chaos when we were studying it in the lab must have been the energy surge of a reproductive cycle. It is now a colony of single cells which organize as a computer. And like any computer That seems to be it's method of reprogramming, Captain. Each bolt of light consists of negatively and positively charged ions. A series of programme instructions, as it were. It seems to have a quicker rapport with our computers than we have. It does seem dormant, Captain. Environmental systems fail to respond to command, Captain. It appears the microbrain has successfully interfaced with our computers. [Observation Lounge] It connected them. The saline fluid is their circuitry, and to prevent its loss, they killed Malencon. Captain, our sensors indicate that the microbrain expends a tremendous amount of energy during its reproductive cycle. Yet there is no discernible power drain on our own systems. Meaning the microbrains might be photoelectric. I wish we were able to learn more about them, sir.
Scanners still show nothing, sir. Sensors indicate that the shield is electromagnetic, a complicated light refracting mechanism. Aye, sir. The theory is simple. The shield bends light rays around the planet's contour, similar to the Romulan cloaking device. But the implementation is quite difficult. (A golden beam starts to sweep the Bridge) Some sort of scanning device, sir. (It holds on Wesley) All decks being probed in a methodical pattern, sir. Aye, sir. We may be more successful in deciphering the code they use to transport through the magnetic shield. Eventually, sir. I am working on it now but the number of permutations is almost endless. I am not aware of Regulation six point five seven. I see, sir. Oh, I see, sir. I believe it was a repulsor beam. That may be impossible, sir. Yes, sir. (Crusher enters.) Captain. These permutations are going to take a very long time. Weeks. This is it, Commander. It is programmed to accept only authorised voice command. No, but I can scramble the input so that nobody else can. [First Unit] It is reading incredible amounts of energy, sir. Even more since we have taken down the shield. It worked well, sir. We have successfully reseeded the ozone layer. But for their atmosphere to maintain it's integrity, they can never use the shield.
May I help you, Mister Remmick? Atmospheric entry seventy eight seconds. Irrelevant, sir. Even if he restarts his engine now, he will not have enough thrust to escape impact. Twenty eight seconds to impact. Six seconds to impact. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. All of the ship's records are available to you, sir. Loyalty is not the issue, Commander. There is nothing wrong with Captain Picard or the ship's logs. Therefore there must be something wrong with your original assumption. Acceptable or not, sir, it is the truth.
I have no reports of any Federation ships in that area, sir. Sir, I have analysed the residue from the explosions. This is of no known Ferengi design. It is possibly Romulan. I have located a vessel, sir. It is drifting. The life support systems on the ship are failing, sir. Propulsion, navigation, and all communication, inoperative. No, sir. Yes, sir. I have identified the vessel, Captain. It is the Batris, a general cargo vessel. It has restrictions. The information from Geordi's visor is so complex it is difficult to encode. Therefore the signal breaks down easily. I am detecting high levels of deuterium gas, probably from the leakage in the drive system. Not as yet, sir. The life signs are emanating from the far side of Engineering. All routes are equally dangerous, sir. There is no significant difference. The life signs are very strong now, sir. They are coming from over there. Negative. This is the only way. The safest way to proceed is for me to cross alone. The heat and toxic gases have less effect on me. I've found them, sir. The door to their compartment is jammed. (They follow him around the warp core to a big door that is very slightly open) The control mechanism's not operative, sir. I advise against the use of phasers, sir. The gas buildup is too great. Shall I, sir? I believe I have found a quicker way out of here, sir. He is alive, sir, but just barely. As you wish. Captain, long range sensors indicate another vessel approaching this area. No, sir, not yet. I believe, sir, that was the first time outsiders have witnessed the Klingon death ritual. It was a warning. They are warning the dead, sir. Beware, a Klingon warrior is about to arrive. The Klingon vessel is within range, sir. They are requesting visual contact. Hailing frequencies open, sir. Visual on, sir.
The citizens of Minos gained fame during the Ersalrope wars as arms merchants. They manufactured sophisticated and highly advanced weaponry. Both. Captain, readings correspond with the findings of the probe. No signs of intelligent life forms. Vegetation and animal life only. Disease? Captain, we are being hailed. Correct, sir. Something has scanned our language banks and is hailing us. It is a recorded message, sir. Commander, our communications are being monitored. Since there is no intelligent life, the question is by what? [Bridge] Over here. Sir, other than ourselves, I am picking up no life signs here. Commander Riker just has been encased in some kind of energy field. [Bridge] Unknown. Captain's log, supplemental. Some kind of weapon, which for a time took the form of Captain Paul Rice, has enveloped Commander Riker. [Bridge] Typically, the purpose of such an enclosure is for storage. He is alive. What appeared in the form of Captain Rice is an intelligence gathering device used during the Ersalrope Wars. It projects an image of someone the subject will trust, gets as much information as possible. Possibly, but I will need to know the exact frequency and I cannot determine the risk to Commander Riker. (adjusting his phaser) This will take some time, sir. [Bridge] Captain Picard? (the communicator does not beep) I have a malfunction. The close pass by the weapons must have disrupted our communicators. Step back, please. I believe I have found it. All vital signs returning to normal. I am getting energy readings. Look out! (They're under attack again) The product continues to upgrade and improve. The weapons are appearing at intervals of precisely twelve minutes. They are down there, sir. I can do it, Commander. Jump. Eleven point seven five, sir. I believe I can safely traverse the distance. At your service, Captain. [Planet Surface] Another weapon has been launched, sir. I would need to see the programme schematic. The target must be specific, sir. The force of that explosion would destroy this cavern and everyone on the surface.
The planet is Vagra Two, sir, in the Zed Lapis sector. Uninhabited. Strange, sir. There's no emergency signal from the shuttle as yet. There is little information in the library computer other than the fact of its existence. Our sensor show no signs of life forms, virtually no vegetation. Minimum for our needs, sir. No, sir. Our sensors are not fully penetrating whatever the debris is. Yes, sir. I cannot explain. Inconclusive, sir. I cannot tell you what it is, but I can tell you what it is not. There is no evidence of neural or circulatory systems. No internal organs. Cellular structure unknown. It does not have any proteins which are known to us. I do not know, sir. It does not appear to have a skeletal framework or musculature. It appears to be following us, sir. Insufficient information, sir. [Bridge] It is possible. (The oil slick ripples, and speaks) It seems to feed on our phaser energy. She only wanted to get to Troi and Lieutenant Prieto. Armus is capable of creating undefined forcefields. In effect, we are powerless to communicate or use the transporter unless it allows it. It did not register on the tricorder. No. Clearly you are some kind of intelligent form. Half metre to the right, Geordi. (Armus moves it again) No. You will just move it again, and I will not help you hurt him. Enterprise? [Bridge] I would guess that death is no longer sufficient entertainment to alleviate its boredom. Therefore, Commander Riker is alive. I have no control over what you do with the phaser. Therefore, I would not be the instrument of his death. No, the control is still yours. Curious. (the phaser drops) You are capable of great sadism and cruelty. Interesting. No redeeming qualities. I think you should be destroyed. Sir, the purpose of this gathering confuses me. My thoughts are not for Tasha, but for myself. I keep thinking how empty it will feel without her presence. Did I miss the point?
All sections secure, sir. Captain, I'm reading an unusual number of sunspots and eruptive prominences, sir. The magnetic field is extremely irregular. If we are to investigate, sir, we must get closer. The transmission is coming from a freighter in orbit around the fourth planet in the system. However, the receiving station is on the third planet. Captain, our sensors are being severely affected by the sun flares. There are six life forms aboard the freighter, sir. I will attempt it, sir. Sir, I have determined what is malfunctioning on the freighter. Your ship's design uses an electromagnetic coil to constrict the exhaust flow. That coil is misaligned. Not very much, sir. The only recorded contact with the Delos system was over two hundred years ago. A scout ship reported two inhabited planets, one of which was on the verge of acquiring space travel. Our computer has downloaded the specifications for the magnetic coils the freighters depend on. Assuming the malfunction is similar, suitable replacements can be fabricated. Aye, sir. I would estimate four billion, three hundred seventy five million No doubt you have applied your technology from other industries to the refinement of this product. Fascinating. Your society is dedicated exclusively to the production of a single product. Beginning several thousand years ago, the two worlds took different paths. Ornara became technologically sophisticated, Brekka did not. Then two hundred years ago, Ornara was stricken by a devastating plague. Somehow, and there is limited information on this point, the cure was found in a plant indigenous to only Brekka, and which resisted all attempts at cultivation on Ornara. Voluntary addiction to drugs is a recurrent theme in many cultures.
Sensors show nothing, sir, but it appears a moment in time repeated itself exactly for everyone. Computers were also affected, which would indicate the phenomenon was not an illusion but occurred in real time. A highly respected scientist, considered a visionary, he advanced several time-related theories. One regarding the relationships between time and gravity was quite intriguing. But neither that theory nor any other received wide acceptance. Actually sir, that may be an incorrect analogy. A hiccup is a spasmodic inhalation with closure of the glottis. accompanied by a peculiar sound. If we were to continue this analogy to a body function, what occurred would be best represented by a All I have found sir, is what you already know. Manheim was concentrating on time gravity experiments when he left. Sensors indicate it is Vandor Four, a planetoid in elliptical orbit around the binary system. No, sir. Do you know the nature of Doctor Manheim's work? Because of the dense gravity of the pulsar. Incidentally, Captain, the effects of the time distortions are now being felt in the Ilecom system. (They enter) Incidentally, Captain, the effects of the time distortions are now being felt in the Ilecom system. Nor do I. (The doors close) [Corridor] I believe what could be termed the Manheim Effect is becoming more pronounced. Oh, we are us, sir, but they are also us. So indeed, we are both us at different points along the same time continuum. (A turbolift arrives, they look inside and enter) We have completed a scan of the planet surface. Our sensors show an immense volume of energy emanating deep within the planet, and concentrated near Manheim's remaining laboratory. I cannot be sure, sir, but I believe Manheim has developed a method for harnessing energy from the pulsar. I would need to study Manheim's records. I am fully versed, sir, on all your theories regarding time and gravity. I am an android. I am the only one, sir. Then you have harnessed a dynamic energy source. The range is at least several thousand light years. If what the Professor has given me is accurate, it is possible to repair the damage. But it must be perfectly timed to coincide with another time distortion episode. I believe so, sir. If Doctor Manheim's information is correct, by my calculations, the next time distortion should occur between twenty eight to forty seven minutes. In both cases, the time distortions occurred along the same continuum as a preview or a reprise of a specific point in time. It is reasonable, sir. After all, I am a machine and dispensable. Oh, I see, sir. That is quite true, sir. I see time as a constant, whereas humans perceive time as flexible. Hence the expression, times flies when you're having fun, which until now has always confused me. Sir? I will go immediately, sir. Enterprise. I am proceeding to the lab, sir. Aye, sir. (Then he has to dodge a laser beam and take out the emitters) [Bridge] Doctor Manheim forgot to mention one of his security precautions, sir. I am proceeding into the laboratory. [Laboratory] (The code works, but the fluorescent tubes only open part way. Data enters cautiously. In the centre is a distortion) This appears to be the instrument Doctor Manheim described. It should confirm when the next time effect will occur. I will know in a moment, sir. According to calculations, the next time effect will occur in one minute thirty seconds. [Bridge] I will need to add a specific amount of antimatter to rebalance and align the system. Theoretically, yes. In reality I do not know. (He opens a container and gets the antimatter, putting it on the end of a long rod) When the effect hits, the forcefields will align, opening a clean straight path to the other dimension. Whatever the time distortion, I must add the antimatter at the appropriate moment. Geordi, if the Professor was right, I will need a twenty seven second countdown. Captain, I now have the antimatter and am moving towards the opening at the end of the lab. The next time distortion should occur within seconds. Geordi, begin countdown on my mark. Now. (There's a big sparkle. Data looks back to see himself midway across the lab - no 2 - and getting the antimatter - no 3. Meanwhile, Geordi's voice is counting down, very echoy) Yes, sir. It is well patched, sir. Closed indicates a permanent condition, which I cannot guarantee. [Bridge] With pleasure, sir. [Sickbay]
I see. So the difficulty in attaining such complex positioning in zero gravity environment, coupled with the adverse effect it would have on the psychological well being of the average human male, is what makes this anecdote so amusing. Yes. Very humorous indeed. Hysterical, in fact. (Data attempts to imitate a laugh. It is very forced) You are aware, Counsellor, that the holodeck can be programmed to recreate an oceanic environment. One can swim in moonlight? Commander Riker. I am receiving a Code Forty Seven. It is a Code Forty Seven, sir. Starfleet emergency frequency. Dytallix B is one of seven uninhabited planets mined for the Federation by the Dytallix Mining Company. It is in the nearby Mira system. I have the readout on Dytallix B, Commander. Dytallix B is the fifth of six planets circling the red giant known as Mira. One side always faces the sun, where temperatures reach up to one hundred and eighty degrees. The mines line the temperate zone between the day and night sides, but they are long deserted. I believe the answer to both questions is no, sir. In a manner of speaking, it is nothing but a lifeless hunk of rock, a useless ball of mud, a worthless chunk The third is just coming into range now, sir. It is Ambassador Class heavy cruiser, USS Horatio. Three, sir. All gathered inside what appears to be the entrance to a mining tunnel. At that speed sir, we should arrive nine point six three hours behind the original schedule, sir. Computer, this is Lieutenant Commander Data. Please access all Starfleet Command orders to starships, starbases and colonies for the past six months. Startling. Quite extraordinary, in fact. That was not a request. I was simply talking to myself. A human idiosyncrasy, triggered by fascination with a particular set of facts. Or sometimes brought about by senility. Or used as a means of weighing information before reaching a conclusion. Or, as a Please continue with record scan. Intriguing. [Observation lounge] Perhaps we can. My orders were to search for abnormal patterns in Starfleet's directives. I believe I have found just that. (He puts a data disc into a desk monitor) These are various outposts and starbases where I have detected unusual activity over the past few months. An uncustomary reshuffling of personnel, usually in the command areas. The new officers have had frequent contact with the highest levels of Starfleet Command. The orders were given with great subtlety. To use an aphorism, Starfleet's left hand did not know what its right hand was doing. I believe it is a clandestine attempt to control vital sectors of Federation territory. There is insufficient data to make such an assessment, sir. Why not? Nothing so far, sir. Captain. I am now receiving a message from Starfleet Command. Aye, sir. [Starfleet Transporter room] (Quinn has a case with him, that contains a living creature similar to the Tau Ceti thing from Wrath of Khan) Captain, I have attempted to trace the message Remmick was sending. I believe it was aimed at an unexplored sector of our galaxy. I believe it was a beacon. Yes, sir. A homing beacon, sent from Earth. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Commander, request permission to investigate this vehicle. It is a piece of history. The opportunity to examine such an ancient vehicle does not come around very often, and as you pointed out, we do have the time. Thank you, sir. Minimal oxygen atmosphere. An ancient solar generator, still operating. The on-board computers have ceased functioning. I may be able to download this old style disk drive back to the Enterprise. (Worf tries to walk through the next hatch, but it does not automatically open for him) Not necessary. (Data pulls the lever and the doorway opens) [Cryo chamber] (This module of the ship contains frost-covered capsules in groups of three, both sides of the passageway. Data scrapes the frost off the first to view a skull) The seal was broken and the environment has been corrupted. This one is empty. If that were the purpose, there would be evidence of a more sophisticated monitoring system. These containers were designed solely for refrigeration. [Bridge] [OC]: We have run into an unusual situation, sir. There are people on board. Frozen. Three. The vehicle has suffered severe damage. Most of her systems have failed. [Bridge] I do not believe we should leave them here, sir. With your permission, we will be returning with three containers. I could not leave them there, Captain. The condition of their vehicle was deteriorating. I see your point, Captain, but at the time it seemed the proper thing to do. I was able to retrieve some information from the ancient disk I removed from the module's computer. Her name is Clare Raymond, age thirty five, occupation homemaker. Must be some kind of construction work. His name is Ralph Offenhouse, age fifty five, occupation financier. Much of his file we could not retrieved. His name is L Q Sonny Clemonds. Apparently his occupation had something to do with music. By your calendar two thousand three hundred sixty four. Actually there is a distinct difference between an android and a robot. You were in a space module. Hooey? Ah, as in hogwash, malarky, jive. An intentional fabrication. Actually, the process of cryonics was never more than a fad, and did not continue much beyond the mid-twenty first century. Talk. Is there something wrong? I believe he means television, sir. That particular form of entertainment did not last much beyond the year two thousand forty. What is to be done with them, sir? Commander, a low mileage pit woofie? These are the most unusual humans I have ever encountered. Since we have no contact with the Romulans for fifty three years, seven months, eighteen days, we must consider that the information we do have, is out of date. The strategy is built on a single premise. The hostile intent of the Romulans. If the premise is sound, so is the proposal. It was a passenger liner which mostly travelled Earth's Atlantic Ocean during the late twentieth and early twenty first centuries. You asked to see me. A celebration? I will speak to the Captain. Inquiry. You do not seem to be having as much difficulty adjusting to your current circumstances as the others. No, but the computer can replicate such an instrument. I must leave now. It is a buffer between the Romulan Empire and the Federation. I do not know. No, that would not be appropriate. Captain's log, supplemental. We have arrived at the edge of the Neutral Zone, where we will now have an opportunity to learn firsthand what happened to our distant outpost. [Bridge] Captain, there is nothing left of Outpost Delta Zero Five. Sensors indicate no evidence of conventional attack. The condition is identical, Captain. Negative, sir. Sensors indicate all of their systems are armed, sir. That offer does present a certain fascination. [Bridge]
Engineering, this is Science One. I have just observed what appeared to be a random energy transference. [La Forge's office] Possibility, sir. An unexplained power fluctuation. Aye, sir. [Corridor] (The light pops up through the floor, hides from them follow a couple of crew, and goes up into crew quarters. It seems to examine one man asleep, then passes through a bulkhead, goes underneath the sheets and into Deanna Troi, who wakes up panting) Captain's log, Stardate 42073.1. There has been an outbreak of an unclassified plasma plague in the Rachelis system. We are on an emergency run to collect specimens of the deadly plague and transport them to Science Station Tango Sierra, where hopefully an antidote can be produced. [Cargo deck five] Pulaski, sir. Aye, sir. Captain, this is a life form. Not to allow it to develop naturally would deny us the opportunity to study it. Captain, the final manifest has been received. Aye, sir. [Corridor] Worf, assemble your security team in Sickbay. Yes, Doctor. Captain's orders. Perhaps I could serve in that capacity. Nervous? I find this very interesting. Although I understand, in technical terms, how life is formed, there is still a part of the process which eludes me. The child inside you, are you able to access his thought process? Does he have thoughts? You are aware of him. Is he aware of you? And when does that awareness begin? How does it feel? Yes? Now? Now! Doctor! Doctor! Doctor! Thank you for allowing me to participate. It was remarkable. Two hours nineteen minutes, sir. Data. My name. It is pronounced Data. You called me Da(h)ta. One is my name. The other is not. It indicates a genetically engineered biological life form. Query. Eager beaver? Aye, sir. Excuse me, Doctor. Computer, run diagnostic on module L seven three. Perhaps it is a sensor malfunction. Computer, inquiry. Is growth actually occurring in module L seven three? A subspace phase inverter. Certain cyanoacrylates. Commander, the child is the source of the unusual radiation. That analysis is correct. Aye, sir. [Bridge]
There it is again. An area of blackness. Nothing, sir. Sir, our sensors are showing that to be an absence of everything. It is a void without matter or energy of any kind. Perhaps. Perhaps not, sir. Captain, the most elementary and valuable statement in science, the beginning of wisdom, is I do not know. I do not know what that is, sir. Accessing. Negative, sir. There is no record of any Federation vessel encountering anything remotely like this. All the probe's systems are functioning perfectly. Unknown, sir. Still no readings of any kind, sir. Whatever it is, sir, we seem to be inside it. No response, Captain. Captain's log, supplemental. While exploring a strange void in space without any form of matter or energy, we have apparently moved past its outer boundary and entered it. After a brief disruption, our ship's communications have returned to normal. [Bridge] Difficult to make a judgment, sir, based on the absence of information. This void has a total lack of dimension. Therefore, by any accepted standard, it does not exist, yet being within it denies that conclusion. Could a lack of dimension be another dimension in itself? Inertial guidance shows one point four parsecs travelled, Captain. Except that we are still in it, sir. Captain, if we dropped a stationary beacon and travelled straight away from it, we would have a fixed point of reference to confirm speed and distance. The beacon is in place, Captain. (a regular sound like the bell of a buoy is heard) The beacon is falling astern, Captain. Captain, we are receiving a signal from dead ahead. (and the bell returns, getting louder) Closing on the new signal, sir. Captain, it is the stationary beacon we just released. Captain, sensors can locate no debris from the Romulan ship. USS Enterprise to USS Yamato. Respond, please. USS Enterprise calling USS Yamato. Respond, please, on this frequency. No response, Captain. Life support system, engineering and propulsion all appear functional. But there are no life signs, sir. Since we know nothing of these circumstances, it is at least conceivable, sir. We've regained ship's communication, sir. Confirm, sir. Navigation is possible. I cannot make the lock, sir. Captain. (The Yamato fades and comes back) [USS Yamato - Bridge] Add to it an attack by a nonexistent Romulan vessel. It does suggest an interesting question. Was our away team actually over there? I have lost contact, sir. Captain, it is not in the same sector, but another opening has appeared. I've lost the signal, sir. Captain. Captain, sensors show nothing out there. Absolutely nothing. Nagilum? Perhaps referring to your gender, Doctor? Sensors still show nothing out there. All evidence indicates it is willing and able to do what it proposes. Sir. I do not believe there is anything you can do to prevent it. I have a question, sir. What is death? Which do you believe, sir? I agree with her, Jean-Luc. Yes. It is wrong of you to force us. We are out of the void, sir. You may stop auto-destruct. All navigational systems confirm we are at warp six on course, sir.
Is there a problem? Chief Engineer La Forge called for me, urgent. Geordi, I just had a strange conversation with your assistant. Although it is three days until we rendezvous with starship Victory, she Most unusual. But, Geordi, your Starfleet specialty is antimatter power, dilithium regulators This is not a computer simulation? Geordi, your message said urgent. My Watson? Ah, yes. That does seem only fair. He can be reached at 221B Baker Street. Computer, select at random a mystery by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, where I will play Sherlock Holmes and Lieutenant La Forge will be Doctor John Watson. Excellent. Holmes collected nothing, neither trinkets nor thoughts, which were not specifically significant to him. The emerald tie pin. Presented to Holmes by Queen Victoria after he solved the theft of the Bruce-Partington Plans. (a book) A copy of Whitaker's Almanac, which provided Holmes the key to the secret code in The Valley of Fear. The snuff box of Wilhelm Gottsleig Siegesmann Van der Romstein. Primarily as Doctor Watson, you will keep a written record of everything I say and do. For later publication. And the famous Holmes violin. He purchased this in a pawn shop in Tottenham Court Road for fifty five shillings, which he considered to be a very good investment. (And with his back to us, he plays beautifully) Merely throwing myself into the part, Watson. Watson, we are about to have guests. Be a good fellow and answer that. Let's not keep the Inspector waiting. Lestrade of course. Then may I say your perturbation becomes you, Inspector Lestrade, whilst simultaneously affording me yet again the opportunity to serve Queen and country. Absolutely. Watson. Pray continue, Inspector. I believe you will find, Inspector, that this emissary here works not for but against the King of Bohemia, and that photograph of the king and his mistress is to be used as blackmail. Further, upon deeper reflection, you will deduce, as did I, that Geordi, where are you going? Geordi? (hurrying after him) But, but, Geordi, I was just about to reveal that the sir is in fact a madam [Ten Forward] (still in costume) To solve a Sherlock Holmes mystery. Then I should have extended the sequence of events. Is that not exactly what we were doing. Am I so different from you, Doctor? Are you able to cease thinking on command? Are you suggesting that there is some value in losing? I have read them all. I accept your challenge, Doctor. We will return to the holodeck, where I will dare it to defeat me. And you, Madam, are invited to be a witness. Come, Watson. [Outside Holodeck] There. I have instructed the computer to give us a Sherlock Holmes-type problem, but not one written specifically by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Exactly. Will that be sufficient, Doctor? This is no larger than the holodeck, of course, so the computer adjusts by placing images of more distant perspectives on the holodeck walls No. It is a ruse. This way. (Outside the headquarters of the Red-Headed League) The running youth was a ploy. The real crime is here. And the intended victim is that man. Mister Jabez Wilson, employee of the Red Headed League, dupe of a gang of criminals. I saw the plaque 'The Home of the Red Headed League' and this rope dangling from the bell, which enabled me to deduce that Mister Jabez Wilson was headed here to meet a most distasteful and untimely demise. From this. (He pulls the rope to ring the bell and a snake falls to the ground) Reasoning. From the general to the specific. Is that not the very definition of deduction? Is that not the way Sherlock Holmes worked? For whatever finds us, my dear Watson. (A scream. They run back to discover a shoe on the pavement.) She has been abducted. The good Doctor. Watson, the doctor has been carried off by two men. One is tall. The other is shorter, left handed, and is employed in a laboratory. One set of footfalls are widely spaced. The other is evenly spaced, closer together. Further, on the ground you can see the swirling scrapes made by his left shoe as he twists behind, presumably to see if he is being followed. Left footed means left handed. The dark colouring of the scrapes are the leavings of natural rubber, a type of non-conductive soles used by researchers experimenting with electricity. Finally, there can be no argument, the game is afoot! Come, Watson! [Alleyway] Hear that? What do those footfalls tell you, Watson? More particularly, that our opposition does indeed consist of two men, and that one of them is carrying the bound and gagged Doctor Pulaski. Not at all. Because we do not hear the doctor's footfalls, we must assume that she is being carried. And since we do not hear her cries for help, we know that she is gagged. Further both sets of footfalls are heavy and masculine. One man seems to shuffle and stumble in an irregular pattern. Since the ground is level, we must conclude that Doctor Pulaski is struggling against one of her captor, sporadically knocking him off stride. Deduction, pure and simple. well, not that simple. There they are again, Watson. I dare say we have caught up rather nicely with our quarry. (But it is a dead end) There should be a doorway. There is nothing here of relevance. I do not see how this connects with the disappearance of the Doctor. Doctor Kate Pulaski. But do not concern yourself, Inspector. You have enough on your mind. No. Look at his shoes. He's more a convict, released today from Dartmoor prison. (Pentonville more like, my dear Holmes) He spent the day in a tavern consuming large quantities of gin with his killer, who followed him to this spot and waited over there until the victim slipped into a drunken stupor. Then, out of fear, motivated only by self-protection, strangled him. There is your killer, Inspector. (Data points at an old woman) And when you check, I believe you will find that this poor soul is the victim's common-law wife, who has been dreading the release of this a vile and abusive man. Not with her hands, no. But with this. (a beaded shawl) When used as a garrote, these beads will leave marks quite similar to fingerprints. And, my dear Watson, you will note from the victim's throat, the marks are too evenly spaced to be have been made by human hands. Not really, Inspector. And now, for strictly personal reasons, I must leave. Come, Watson. This murder does not connect with our case. Yes. I do not know, and that is what puzzles me. No. We will find Doctor Pulaski in here. It is the only obvious choice. (And where he saw Moriarty go in) Not any more. He wants us to find him. The master criminal. The man Holmes could only defeat at the cost of his own life at Reichenbach Falls. Our adversary, my dear Watson, is none other than Professor Moriarty himself. And a trail, which is so well marked, that obviously we are meant to follow it. No, Watson. Not a dead end at all. Hello, what's this? Can you see the scratches? (Geordi opens the secret door, which has a bookcase on it's other side) [Moriarty's room] (It contains an assortment of bubbling flasks of chemicals, works of art, gas lights, carpet and comfortable chairs) Professor Moriarty, I presume. He is the one worthy opponent created by the author, Conan Doyle. Where is Doctor Pulaski? She would not have told you anything. Have you injured her? Say nothing. Computer, exit! [Corridor] Computer, execute complete shutdown of the Holodeck. Explain. We must see the Captain. [Corridor] This. He does. Moriarty. Nor do I. No. She is in grave danger. [Observation Lounge] Captain, this character, Moriarty, he called for the arch. And perhaps our library files as well, sir. That level of information would be necessary in order to create a true adversary for me. He is still a fictional character, sir, originally programmed with nineteenth century knowledge. Only time, sir. Captain, I believe that would place the Doctor at risk. It is probable our mortality failsafe has been overridden. There can be only one explanation. In programming Moriarty to defeat me, not Holmes, he had to be able to acquire something which I possess. Consciousness, sir. Without it he could not defeat me. (The ship jerks suddenly from side to side) I will change into my uniform, sir. Captain? Captain, this holographic image differs from any I have ever seen. Could he have actually injured you? We will find Moriarty this way, sir. The warehouse. [Moriarty's room] Congratulations, Professor, I capitulate to the better man. Your victory, sir, is well earned.
Sensor readings show it to be a small class-nine vessel, probably an interplanetary cargo ship. I have its call sign now, sir. Its cargo holds are empty. The readout shows its guidance system is malfunctioning. The pilot is attempting to hold course manually. Rogue? Ah. Cad, knave, rake, rascal, villain, wild element. Sexual attraction in this context is not a part of my programming. I am an android. Ah. Of course it is. [Engineering] (Geordi is working on the module in his private alcove) No. No. From alcohol? That is not possible for me, sir. The act or the emotion? I believe that statement to be inaccurate, sir. I doubt that statement is entirely accurate either, sir. I do not understand. Of course I do. It is a witticism, a gag, a bon mot, a fluctuation of words concluding with a trick ending. Right over there, sir. Why? So you agree with Okona that I am missing a very important human factor. I am capable of that function when it is expected of me. Of course I do. It is a witticism, a gag, a bon mot, a fluctuation of But why? Have I said something to offend you? Then why are you annoyed? Humanoid. You told a joke. I am not laughing. Perhaps the joke was not funny. Are you sure? I agree. What do I do? Computer, I wish to know more about humour. Why certain combinations of words and actions make humans laugh. Animated presentation, humanoid. Interaction required. Of all performers available, who is considered funniest? No. Too esoteric. More generic. That one. RW nine six three two one, twentieth century. Mister Comic, I wish to know what is funny. Tip O'Neill. Accessing. Twentieth century male, politician, overweight, wearing female clothing, carrying a valise that looks like a fish. So, the juxtaposition of gender and an amphibian briefcase is funny. Nothing makes me laugh. I wish to learn. COMIC: How much time do we have here? Unlimited. Tough room? A colloquialism meaning a severe, rigid, closed-minded audience. I understand. I will attempt to be an easy room. Show me what is funny. I am an android. That is considered to be funny? Ah, a word that ends in K. So, if you put funny teeth in your mouth and jump around like an idiot, that is considered funny. Data. That does not apply. I simply want to know what is funny. I want to be able to involve myself in other people's laughter. I wish to join in. Access faster. A guy walks into the doctor's office The doctor tells him you need an operation. The guy says I want a second opinion. The doctor said, okay, you're ugly too. Ba-boom boom. Was that funny? My timing is digital. (Guinan giggles) What? Why? (with cigar and silly voice) A monk, a clone and a Ferengi decide to go bowling together. I will be back. Sensors show it to be an interplanetary vessel, sir. Class seven, crew complement twenty six. It is slowing and is holding its position, Captain. Similar in specifications and capabilities, but a variation in markings and hailing language. Sensors indicate it a security vessel from the planet Straleb. A Klingon fly, half the size of an Earth mosquito, with no sting and a buzzing sound like this. I have reinstated the same programme. Comic, continue. I told a joke. No one laughed. She said I spoiled the joke. Computer. Programme an audience appropriate to this venue. (And the room is full of people at the tables) [Conference room] Good evening ladies and germs. (laughter - mimes a golf swing with his cigar - laughter) I come from a town so small, we had a fraction for a zip code. (laughter) It was so small in fact we didn't have a godfather of crime, we had a nephew. (laughter) (The Comic gives Data the thumbs up. He copies him and gets laughter) I was so ugly as a child they hung a pork chop around my neck (laughter) so the dog would play with me. (the penny drops) And then there was the human cannonball who was hired and fired in the same night. Audience programme off. Discontinue Comic. (Guinan walks out onto the stage) It was a holodeck audience. They were programmed to laugh at everything. Perhaps I should reprogram the audience to display a more accurate response. No, but there is nothing more uniquely human. [Bridge] Goodbye, Data. (The old ones are still the best) Was that funny? Accessing. Ah. Burns and Allen, Roxy Theater, New York City, 1932. It still works. Then there was the one about the girl in the nudist colony that nothing looked good on? Take my Worf. Please.
It is a beard, Geordi. A fine, full, dignified beard. One which commands respect and projects thoughtfulness and dignity. Well? Opinions? When I stroke the beard thusly, do I not appear more intellectual? Why was she laughing? [Bridge] Data to Enterprise. We are inside Graves' home. [Bridge] Understood, sir. I suggest we look around to see if anybody is home. Lieutenant Commander Data Quite correct, sir! Did you know Doctor Soong? I have noticed, Doctor I have noticed, Grandpa, that you keep repeating the same notes of a musical phrase I am unfamiliar with. What happens to this man? A happy ending. The mechanical man gets his wish. But pain is unpleasant, is it not? Desire? To long for, to crave, a wish, a request, a No. I do not suppose I will ever really know. Funny. I have had great difficulty determining what funny is. You mentioned your impending death, Grandpa. May I say you face it with remarkable courage and stoicism. You condone homicide, sir? Really, Grandpa? But the Doctor That is not necessarily true, Grandpa. I do have an off button, if you will. Its activation robs me of my consciousness, therefore rendering me dead for all intents and purposes. It is not something I enjoy contemplating. That will not be necessary, Doctor. He is gone. It happened just a few moments ago, in my arms. Ira Graves is dead. Captain's log, supplemental. I leave Gravesworld with an empty feeling and the knowledge that our mission was unsuccessful. Whatever scientific secrets Ira Graves was about to unlock have been lost forever. Our immediate priority is to reach the nearest starbase so that Graves' assistant can get on with her life. [Ready room] To do so would have been pointless. All things must pass. May I go now, sir? We will try to honour him in the manner in which he specified, will we not, sir? I am glad, sir. It was his dying wish. (Data leaves) [Ten forward] You always did love the sky. A stargazer. That is what you are. Ira never told you how beautiful you were to him. He never told you that, did he? He could not tell you, do you understand? He wanted to. Every waking moment. And he wanted you to know that. You were everything to him. (Data reaches to touch her hair, then stops himself) [Transporter room] {Graves' body is in a torpedo case, wearing a shroud.) I believe I have a few words to say, sir. (steps up to the case) Just look at that face. The face of a thinker. A warrior. A man for all seasons. Yes, Ira Graves was all that and more. But he was not perfect. Perhaps his greatest fault was that he was too selfless. He cared too much for his fellow man, with nary a thought for himself. A man of limitless accomplishments, and unbridled modesty. I can safely say that to know him was to love him. And to love him was to know him. Those who knew him, loved him, while those who did not know him, loved him from afar. I'm almost finished, sir. I am sorry, sir. Perhaps it was my admiration for Grandpa that got the best of me. That is the way I think of him, sir. My only living relative, no longer living. I was only trying to carry out his wishes. I just wanted to keep my promise to him. Yes, sir. I will work on staying within myself. Thank you, sir. (Data leaves, ogles a crewwoman, and enters the turbolift whistling 'If I Only Had A Heart') Captain's personal log. Although Commander Data has assured me that his odd behaviour will return to normal, I can't help thinking that something went wrong during his visit to Gravesworld. [Corridor] Verbal composition at it's most sophisticated level. Your child-like mind cannot appreciate the timeworn wisdom of my words. When you get to be my age, you will understand. You are only as old as you feel. Try to remember that, boy. I am many things. Scholar, Artist, philosopher, lover, genius. Yes, I'm aware of your interest in her. Nothing sir. Nothing at all. I detest hypocrisy. I wish they would just come out and admit it! That your interest in Kareen is not purely professional. Try as you will, you cannot win her heart. She does not care for older men. Or men of limited intellect. (looking at Riker) I understand. I understand all too well. Removing the competition will not help you, Picard. (Data leaves) If you wish to apologise, I am prepared to listen. You were a bit rude to me. Might make you feel better if you said you were sorry. That is ridiculous. I am as healthy as a Rigelian ox. Sickbay? Are you ill, Captain? I am sure that will not be necessary, Captain. I am fully capable of running a circuit check on myself. It will immediately determine any abnormalities. Just as I expected. I am fine. Could not be better. Why should I? This concerns me more than it does any of you. It was a waste of time then and it is a waste of time now. Hello, Kareen. Don't you think it's time we stopped pretending? You know who I am. You do know who I am. It is me. I am here. I am alive. I deactivated Data and transferred my mind into his frame. I never imagined how much of my self I would retain. My feelings, my dreams. How can they? It is my body now. It is out of their hands. [Ready room] Something wonderful has happened. I can take a deep breath now without feeling stabbing pain. I will never have to face death again. Think of the things I will accomplish over the next thousand years! What? Oh, I know what you're thinking. There is no need to worry. I will create an android body for you, too. We can witness the end of time together. Why are you crying, Kareen? I can love you now. The way I always wanted to. It was not right before. I was too old for you, too weak. Now I can be everything you want me to be. I can hear you coming, Captain. My ears are better than the average dog's, you know. (Picard enters on the ground floor) Of course you do. I cannot allow that. I had every right, Captain. I am man, he is machine. There is no question who must live and what must die. Data? Before me, he was nothing. Just a walking tin can with circuits for intestines. Pathetic. Without heart, a man is meaningless. I would not come up here if I were you, Captain. I might not like it. (Picard gets in the lift and goes up. Then we see Geordi lying on the floor) You are most fortunate, my dear Captain, that I am not a violent man. (refers to Geordi) This is not my fault. They told me I was not supposed to be up here. They should not have done that. This is idiotic. These were all accidents. I did not intend No, I live here now. Data is dead. Data is not human! He is No! (And Data hits Picard, knocking him out to land on the floor with Geordi and the engineer, Data/Ira is horrified at what he has done) How many? How many more accidents? (It is a little later. Pulaski has arrived and is tending to a waking Picard) Geordi. May I ask a question? Quite correct. Then may I ask another question after this one? Why am I lying on the floor in this undignified position with the four of you standing over me, displaying expressions of concern? Not a thing. Perhaps it is best that I do not remember. I trust I did nothing unbecoming to a Starfleet officer? Did I win? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Thank you. The factions on Solais Five are historical enemies. So many have died that both societies are on the verge of extinction. The factions have been at war for fifteen centuries. I do not know what you mean. Unknown, sir. Aye, sir. I have eliminated all but five distinct forms of signing. I will learn them all. Computer, show me gestural language designation M nine. The use of gestures and hand signals pre dates the spoken word in most cultures. The major exception being the Leyrons of Malkus Nine who actually developed a written language first. Computer, continue presentation. Increase. Increase. Increase. Increase. [Ready room] Captain, I have reviewed and stored five distinct signing languages. Here is an example of the first. This is blue. This is a blue ocean. This is a blue ocean at sunset. This is two people walking along the beach by a blue ocean at sunset. This is two happy people in love walking along the beach by a blue ocean at sunset. This is two people It was my fault. I am responsible for their deaths. In my arrogance I thought no one could possibly harm the great Riva. I am such a fool. They were more than my interpreters. They were also my friends. They were a part of me. I did not realise how much a part until now. I cannot. I will not. Someone else will have to speak with them, not me. Not after what I allowed to happen/ How could I? When Data speaks for me, can you hear my anguish, my despair? Data is a fine machine, but he cannot take the place of my chorus. It took years to develop a communication. That cannot be easily replaced. I cannot help them. Captain, please take me back to Ramatis. You would be better off without my help. You want to know if I had some special technique? There is no trick. I had no magic. Yes, my Chorus was special. They allowed me to combine different perceptions. Not really. My technique was to look for some thing, no matter how small, that was common to both groups, and then to begin a process where one person or one group expresses themselves to each other. Yes, but what is even more difficult is to get each side to listen, really listen to each other, and to understand. You are very good with people. The real secret is turning disadvantage to advantage. That is an interesting. It would give them something in common. (to Troi) I do not understand, Counsellor. To what is he referring? (Riva kisses Troi on the cheek, and thanks Data) Thank you. Thank me? Ah! (translating Riva) Put the table over there. Light the torches to let them know that I am back. You may leave whenever you choose. I will send out a message when I am ready to go. Yes, it is turning a disadvantage into an advantage. Learning sign will be a part of their process of learning how to live together in peace. And that is the first and most important aspect of any relationship. Counsellor, it took me only moments to learn sign language. It will take them months. These people have been fighting all of their lives. They know only hatred, suspicion, and fear. Even with my Chorus, I could not have changed their attitudes in a day. We have a chance. They want the talks to be successful. Thank you for your concern. I will be fine. (to Troi) And thank you, for everything.
Aye, sir. A voice only transmission from the USS Lantree, a Federation supply ship. We are still receiving their signal, Captain, but there is no message. Two point two milli-parsecs, bearing three zero at one four five degrees. The Lantree is a Class Six Federation supply ship assigned to Gamma seven sector, Captain L.I. Telaka commanding. Normal complement, twenty six officers and crew. Class three defensive only. Aye, sir. No life signs, Captain. All systems seem functional, Captain. Everything is in perfect order. I have verified receipt of the access codes for the Lantree, Captain. The Lantree computer reports access codes received and accepted, sir. (Pulaski enters) We have override control of her Bridge, Captain. All systems answering. You sent for me, Doctor? Certainly. I took advanced training in the operation of auxiliary space vessels at Starfleet Academy, where I received You're certain the Captain approved this, Doctor? Begin shuttlecraft launch sequence. [Bridge] We are in position, Doctor. And if they are not? That is by no means certain, Doctor, but I was referring to you. Ready to transport. [Transporter room] How could you, Doctor? He has not said anything. All systems are functioning within normal specifications, Doctor. Bedside manner? (Pulaski scans the boy, then drops the instruments and clutches her elbow in agony) Doctor? Holding. (Pulaski gives herself a painkilling hypo) What is your condition, Doctor? Shall I set course for Darwin Station? The evidence is fairly conclusive. The Lantree logs indicated that only one crewman had any illness prior to arrival here. The First Officer had a mild case of Thelusian flu. On a molecular genetic level? The answer, I believe, Doctor. The Lantree was not the source of the disease, but it was the trigger. The Lantree's First Officer exposed your children to Thelusian flu for the first time. Their active immune systems set out to attack the virus, and once it was triggered, it kept going. The antibody created an unexpected side-effect. It alters the genetic make-up of normal humans. This is a comparison of the normal and altered DNA. These are the two molecules that have been transposed. Is irreversible. I am sorry I could not be more helpful, Doctor Pulaski. Doctor Enterprise. Commander Data ready to beam aboard. [Bridge] Thank you, sir. It is not reversible, sir. The subtle molecular transposition of As normal as ever, sir. Interesting. However, theoretically, Yes, sir. No, sir. Her records were shipped by way of Starfleet headquarters. They have not caught up with us yet. Hair brush. (Which for some reason she keeps at the back of a clothes drawer) It has a follicle, sir. Live cells. [Bridge] Doctor. There she is, Captain.
We are approaching Starbase one seven nine. Starbase one seven nine. We are ready to commence transfer. Aye, sir. [Transporter room] Thank you, sir. Viewscreen on. Focus on area. Magnification factor ten. Increase magnification to fifty. (It looks like a rust stain) The substance appears to be a rare form of subatomic bacteria, capable of doubling itself in size every fifteen minutes. It seems to be reacting with two of the compounds present in the Enterprise structure. How did you come to that decision? Aye, sir. (Picard leaves) According to the rate of reproduction, there should be a twelve centimetre opening in the Klingon hull at this time. It will take some time to locate them, sir. They are on undesignated manoeuvres in the Pheben system. Slow to impulse. The Pagh is either cloaked or destroyed, sir. Considering the absence of debris, Captain, it is reasonable to assume the Klingon vessel is in the area and cloaked. And since we do not know it's intent, I recommend we go to Red Alert. He's only dazed, sir. It has all armament locked on us and ready to fire.
That would seem to be superstition. This game is exceedingly simple. With only fifty two cards, twenty one of which I will see, and four other players, there are a limited number of winning combinations. Of course. The bets will indicate of the relative strength of each hand. I too. I bet ten. I bet five. I bet ten. Is that what is known as a poker face? I fold. (Riker's hole card was the two of spades. Busted) You had nothing! It makes very little sense to bet when you cannot win. How could you tell? My condition does not alter with the passage of time, Commander. And was the sole member of the committee to oppose my entrance on the grounds that I was not a sentient being. It sounds intriguing. You've constructed a positronic brain? Have you determined how the electron resistance across the neural filaments is to be resolved? That would seem to be a necessary first step. But if the answer is not forthcoming, your model will not function. Captain, I believe his basic research lacks the specifics necessary to support an experiment of this magnitude. You sent for me, sir? I find myself in complete agreement with that assessment of the situation, sir. I will not submit to the procedure, sir. Sir, Lieutenant La Forge's eyes are far superior to human biological eyes. True? Then why are not all human officers required to have their eyes replaced with cybernetic implants? (Picard looks away) I see. It is precisely because I am not human. Is it not customary to request permission before entering an individual's quarters? Reduced to the mere facts of the events. The substance, the flavour of the moment, could be lost. Take games of chance. Yes, I had read and absorbed every treatise and textbook on the subject, and felt myself well prepared for the experience. Yet, when I finally played poker, I discovered that the reality bore little resemblance to the rules. That while I believe it is possible to download the information contained in the positronic brain, I do not think you have acquired the expertise necessary to preserve the essence of those experiences. There is an ineffable quality to memory which I do not believe can survive your procedure. No, sir, I am not under your nor anyone else's command. I have resigned from Starfleet. I regret the decision, but I must. I am the culmination of one man's dream. This is not ego or vanity, but when Doctor Soong created me he added to the substance of the universe. If by your experiments I am destroyed, something unique, something wonderful will be lost. I cannot permit that, I must protect his dream. With the application of a little care, Wes, the paper can be utilised again. The Dream of the Fire, by K'Ratak. Thank you, Worf. Is something wrong? No one regrets that necessity more than myself. You do understand my reasons? As Doctor Pulaski would at this juncture, no doubt, remind us, life is rarely fair. I shall miss you, Geordi. I see. From limitless options I am reduced to none, or rather one. I can only hope that Commander Maddox is more capable than it would appear. Captain, I have complete confidence in your ability to represent my interests. [Computer room] An android. Webster's Twenty Fourth Century Dictionary, Fifth Edition, defines an android as an automaton made to resemble a human being. Sir? Doctor Noonien Soong. The foremost authority in cybernetics. Human? I have an ultimate storage capacity of eight hundred quadrillion bits. My total linear computational speed has been rated at sixty trillion operations per second. My medals. I do not know, sir. I suppose none. I just wanted them. Is that vanity? A gift from you, sir. Yes, sir. It is a reminder of friendship and service. (Picard activates the hologram of Tasha) I would prefer not to answer that question, sir. I gave my word. She was special to me, sir. We were intimate. (Phillipa sits up) I am taking part in a legal hearing to determine my rights and status. Am I a person or property? My right to choose. Perhaps my very life. I formally refuse to undergo your procedure. Thank you. And, Commander, continue your work. When you are ready, I will still be here. I find some of what you propose intriguing. (Data leaves) Sir, there is a celebration on the Holodeck. Because you failed in your task? Yes, sir. Is it not true that had you refused to prosecute, Captain Louvois would have ruled summarily against me? That action injured you, and saved me. I will not forget it. Not yet, sir. But with your help, I am learning. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Sir, we are approaching Klavdia Three. Sir, the planet's troposphere is distorting our signal. Aye, sir. [Transporter room] (O'Brien beams a young woman and her older chaperone aboard. No luggage) You wanted to see me? Salia of Daled Four. Little is known. She was born on Daled Four. Her parents were from opposite sides in a civil war which has lasted for centuries. They both died shortly after her birth. A Federation ship brought her and her governess to Klavdia Three so that she could be raised in a neutral environment. It is hoped she will unite the factions and bring peace. What puzzles me, Captain, is how she is expected to bring peace to Daled Four. Its inhabitants have been fighting throughout their recorded history. Only that it is the difference between night and day. Did I? What I meant, sir, is that Daled Four rotates only once per revolution. Therefore one side is constantly dark, and the other side constantly light. One might surmise that the two hemispheres have developed disparate cultures, which is a major cause of most wars. It should be that simple, Wesley. Judging by her appearance it is likely you and Salia are biologically compatible. Of course, there could be a difference in the histocompatibility complex in the cell membrane, but. The troposphere appears to be distorting our signals. It is fascinating, Captain. Klavdia Three and Daled Four have almost identical atmospheres. Sir, sensors indicate the communication originated from a terawatt source on the planet. It is what is needed to penetrate the atmosphere.
The Yamato log should be in our computer by rendezvous, sir. Sir? No, sir. It might be due to problems currently being experienced by the Yamato. Sensors indicate no life readings, sir. Unknown, sir. Apparently such a dump began, was then halted, and the containment seals were dropped. There was still sufficient antimatter present to lead to an explosion. No, sir. None. Aye, sir. We have a visual record. No, sir. It appears to be a scanner. Possibly a transmitter. Unknown, sir. In orbit around a planet at coordinates two two seven mark three five nine, sir. Twelve hours sixteen minutes, sir. Scanning, sir. No life-form readings, sir. Approximately two hundred thousand years, sir. Its size and composition match the probe which scanned the Yamato, sir. Consider, Captain, this programme has entered an alien data base, ours, and in less than seven hours has managed to not only learn our systems, but has begun to reprogram our computer. We downloaded the Yamato log, and contained in the log was the programme. Doctor Pulaski is unwilling to trust the turbolifts. She is sending medical teams through the access tunnels. Try a bypass on the shield control interface. Yes? Any answer would be mere speculation. This is yet another example of how our actions have random results. Scanners show no other life forms on the planet, sir. Aye, sir. Yes, sir. There are also similarities to Dewan and Iccobar. It is, sir. Accessing, sir. [Bridge] (Troi twitches) Captain, your original hypothesis is correct. Iconian is the parent tongue of a language family which consists of Iccobar, Dewan and Dinasian. I have constructed a basic working understanding through a comparison of common root words such as mother, father, child, home, tribe, food, life, death, yours, ours, mine You do understand, sir, that my interpretation of the symbols will not be exact? This would appear to be manual override. (He presses the key pad, the globe comes to life and sends an energy beam to the wall. Other beams join in to create a rectangular 3D image of a coast scene) That was not manual override. But we have established that this is not a holograph. If I step through and investigate, we could determine whether it is truly a gateway. No, I disagree. Captain, there is nothing in this room to indicate it was used as a military command centre. Perhaps a transporter room? Captain, there is a vast underground power source which is controlled by this console. I believe my triggering of the gateway has caused a dramatic upsurge in power level. Ah, I have access. (He starts tapping at the console, and the energy beam zaps him. Worf catches Data as he falls backwards) Captain. No, I am damaged. The Iconian programme is attempting to rewrite my software. Physical manifestations, blindness, motor con I understand, sir. The power source, sir. The probes, sir. The doors, sir. Yes, sir. Correct, sir. Help. Describe, please. Right one metre. Correct. Key blue, amber, amber, red. Blue, blue, blue. I am accessing. Captain? Captain? I am on the Enterprise. How did I get here? Iconia? I was on Iconia, now I am on the Enterprise. Query. What have I forgotten? May I help? [Iconian Control room] (As the Enterprise gets switched off) Commander, your transmission has been received [Transporter room]
Analysis bears out that the object was definitely terrestrial in origin, dated mid twenty first century. Nevertheless, that is what our tests indicate. And the markings we discovered are consistent with this hypothesis. That is even more significant than the object itself, Counsellor. On several of its surfaces, the molecules seem to have disintegrated Almost as if they were hit by a weapon from our time. Those ammonia storms are less than a kilometre away, yet they do not appear to penetrate this breathable zone. The structure must be here, yet we cannot see it. Sir, without communication, we should beam up immediately. Commander None of these people are emitting life signs. Not illusion, Lieutenant. They do exist, but they do not register as either man or machine. Take this creature, for example. He does not exhibit any DNA structure. What sort of business do you suppose he is getting down to? [Bridge] Yes, sir. Ah, is this poker? Blackjack. Accessing. Ah. Also known as twenty one, a number which defines the object of the game. Picture cards are worth ten, aces one or eleven, all other cards face value. Hit me. Another please. If the objective of the game is to approach a total of twenty one points, I will definitely need another card. Hit me. (Even with the final nine, the two twos and the two threes keep him from going bust) The number of the cards and their values remain quite constant. What would be the purpose in counting them? Fun, sir? While there is a certain amount of enjoyment involved, I am mainly conducting research into Understood, sir. Thank you, sir. Sorry, sir. Excuse me. Excuse me. Aside from the main door, is there another exit I might use? (She gets a jackpot, and takes no notice of him) Excuse me? Sir, I can find no other exits. I believe we are trapped here. Captain's log, supplemental. We remain in orbit around Theta Eight, still out of contact with the away team. [Bridge] Sir, our options appear quite limited. Commander, I am picking up something most unusual in another section of this structure. It appears to be human DNA. Thirty one point nine metres above and to the right of us. The reading I received is from behind this door, sir. (Riker knocks, then Worf opens the door and they enter) [Hotel room] My reading is intensifying, sir. None, sir. (Riker pulls back the bedsheet to reveal the desiccated remains of a person, mostly skeleton with some remaining skin) Definitely human. Male. He has been dead for two hundred and eighty three years, sir. The lack of any advanced decomposition is due to the sterile environment. (Worf opens the wardrobe) Is this significant, sir? (It's a spacesuit on a hangar) Fifty two stars sir. Places it between 2033 and 2079 AD. It correlates with the debris we found. Colonel S. Richey. Rest in peace, Colonel. Captain, this is the story of a group of compulsive gamblers caught up in a web of crime, corruption and deceit. [Bridge] There is also a subplot about an older man conspiring with a younger woman to murder her husband. She is squandering her inheritance. Our projected survival would be approximately twelve seconds. [Observation lounge] I believe she is asking if we want the room cleaned. I suggest we separate and blend in with these beings. Casual queries, offered inconspicuously, may prove fruitful. (Data heads to the table with Texas and Vanessa) Excuse me, sir. Might I inquire, where are you from? And how did you get here? Where is your automobile now? Could you take me there? I believe you are trapped inside the Royale, just as I am. The odds favour standing pat. It is all a question of probabilities. Quite simple, really, if one bets with any sequential consistency. The combinations totalling seven or eleven have considerable value when achieved on the primary attempt. With eight variations possible to create those totals, the likelihood of those totals occurring is not significant. However I believe so, sir. (They go to the craps table, to play dice) Single digits on each cube are not at all desirable. Actually, six is a valid point. Of course, now the objective is to roll a duplicate six before hitting seven. There is a certain degree of random fortune involved. I believe that is why they call it gambling. Commander, these cubes are improperly balanced. I believe their final resting position would be I believe so. I will make another attempt. (He gives the dice a good squeeze to even them up) Baby needs a new pair of shoes. Yes, sir. Twelve point three million. Perhaps I will bet seven hundred thousand. But sir, the sale price of this edifice is twelve point five million. Sir? I do not believe that is a prudent choice, sir. I tried to caution you, sir. I wish to cash in, sir.
This is not an efficient method for the preparation of sustenance. Estimate intercept in three minutes. Captain's log, stardate 42679.2. While en route to the Endicor system, we have encountered a Federation shuttlecraft, which seems to have appeared out of nowhere. There are no indications of where it came from or how it got out here. [Bridge] Target vehicle. We will be within tractor beam range in two seconds. Locking tractor beam. (The beam stops the shuttle from tumbling and moves it towards the open bay door) Yes, sir. (Data gets into the shuttlecraft) Captain, both primary and reserve power has been drained from the shuttle. I am going to have to connect to the Enterprise in order to activate the shuttle's systems. The polarity is not compatible. The power requirements of the shuttle do not match those of the Enterprise. We will need a variable phase inverter, to align the power from the Enterprise to the circuits of the shuttle. I do not have enough information. [Sickbay] (The second Picard is on a bed. Kate is walking around with a medical tricorder when Picard and Troi enter) Perhaps you had better step out of the way. Increase the power. Adjust the invert two percent positive. Yes. Adjust the invert two percent negative. According to the shuttle log, the Enterprise was destroyed three hours nineteen minutes from now. I have nothing to offer. There is not enough information upon which to base a hypothesis. It is similar to our tractor beam, sir, only much more powerful. The beam is coming from the centre of the vortex. Sensors show it to be only a mass of energy. Course set, sir. We are back on course to Endicor.
I would consider them insignificant. Even if the molecular level controls have failed, we can still recrystallise the dilithium without outside help. Perhaps we can reprogram the system to correct the readout variables And it has nothing to do with Commander Riker's new assignment? There is, of course, a genetic predisposition toward hostility among all Klingons, but Worf has been unusually out of sorts. Empirical study. Monitor the subject. Within the norm of Klingon patterns, of course. Discretion will be required. And you must solve it. [Ten Forward] (Fresh drinks are brought to Kyle and Kate, and Riker finally can't stand it. He goes over) But he needs his study time. In solitude, there is nothing to trigger unusual behaviour. But that would defeat the opportunity for our behavioural research. In all probability, he is simply lonely. We can relieve his anxiety through socialisation. Excuse me, Lieutenant. You seem to have lost the will to communicate with others. You have friends here. We, we care about you. Why, just recently, Geordi, Wesley and I were saying He seems quite sincere in his desire for solitude. The ship's computer would have corrected immediately. And what is the significance of the anniversary of this event? We can programme the ship's computer to supply simulations on the Holodeck. We need only to programme the computer with details of the specific ceremony. That would entail the use of Klingon painstiks. Enduring physical suffering is considered a Klingon spiritual test. We are his family. [Ready room] There is nothing to find. If I were not a consummate professional, and an android, I would find this entire procedure insulting. Computer, is this it? Computer, please give us Klingon personnel appropriate to this event. (Four warriors stand on each side of the channel, with metre-long painstiks) These images are specifically programmed for Ascension rites. Shall we begin? The true test of Klingon strength is to admit one's most profound feelings while under extreme duress.
Commander, I've been reviewing the unmanned probe scans. At some point during the last one hundred and fifty years, the fifth planet of Selcundi Drema has shattered, forming an asteroid belt. No, it is a personal project. I have reset the sensors to scan for frequencies outside their usual range. The dips and peaks of the galaxy's magnetic field, organic molecules in nebular clouds, energetic cosmic rays. Of course. Those signals are very faint and difficult to distinguish from background noise. That is why I am boosting the power. (Worf knocks over a circuit board with his foot) I will be removing that equipment to my quarters. Computer, identify please. Is there a pattern? Naturally occurring? Key universal translator, please. Lock on comm. link and boost. Read, please. Enhance, please. Yes. [Corridor] (Kate is passing by when she spots Wesley loitering with intent, and a PADD) Computer, please access all volcanic and tectonic plate activity in Drema Four. Computer, locate Captain Picard. An excellent steed, sir. Sorry to disturb you, Captain. Yes, sir, it is important. Very. Eight weeks ago I received a transmission, a simple four word message, 'Is anybody out there?' I answered it. Yes, sir. I am glad that you understand, sir. No, sir. We speak often. It is a young female, humanoid. No, sir. I have kept that somewhat vague, sir, but Sarjenka, that is her name, has been quite specific, telling me details of her family and friends. And interspersed among these confidences have been some alarming references. Drema Four has been enduring the same geological stresses we have found in the other systems. Yes, sir. If we can determine the cause of these geological disturbances, we might be able to reverse the process. I was hoping that you might have another option, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I understand, sir. [Ten forward] (Riker is socialising with a young woman) But Commander, the Dremans are not a subject for philosophical debate. They are a people. Yes. Sarjenka's transmission could be viewed as a call for help. She knows me. We are going to allow her to die, are we not? Sarjenka, this is Data. Respond please. Reason for failure? Captain. Captain, permission to beam down to Drema Four. I have been unable to contact Sarjenka. Sir, I feel it is important to determine the reason for Captain, your orders were to deliver the message, correct? Then what is the difference between sending the message and delivering it personally? Sir, we have come this far. Yes, sir. Sir? I will signal for immediate beam out. (Data is beamed down) Sarjenka? Wait! I'm Data. It would take too long to explain. You and your family must leave. Then why are you here? I am sorry for that, but it is very complicated. Does your family know where you are? You cannot survive in this. Enterprise, two to beam up. You must come with me. Where is Commander Riker? To the Bridge. Quite impossible. [Bridge] (Picard is pacing back and forth) I do, sir. She was frightened and did not wish to be left alone Captain, I will see to it that she is not in the way. Counsellor, allow me. Please. Sarjenka, no one will harm you. These are my friends. I will require my hand. Thank you. Sensors locked on probes. Resonators activated. Harmonic sequences have begun. We are attempting to quiet your planet. If we succeed, there will be no more quakes, no more volcanoes. Captain, sensors indicate a planetwide reduction in tectonic stress levels. Your parents will be safe now. Look, Sarjenka, there is your home. Aye, sir. Yes. I am certain that you could. I am afraid that is not possible. Doctor Pulaski, this is Sarjenka. It does not sing for me. Because I am a machine. But are we doing a good thing now, Doctor? By robbing her of her memories? Enterprise, one to beam up. [Bridge] (Wesley enters) I came to apologise, sir. I appreciate your seeking other options, sir. Your decision could have been unilateral. Yes, sir. She will not remember me, sir, but I will remember her. Yes, sir.
Sensors indicate no shuttle or other ships in this sector. Search pattern has been input, sir. We have covered the area in a spherical pattern which a vessel without warp drive could traverse in the time allotted. According to these coordinates, we have travelled seven thousand light years [Ten Forward] There is a system of roads on this planet, which indicates a highly industrialised civilisation. But where there should be cities there are only great rips in the surface. It is identical to what happened to the outposts along the Neutral Zone. The ship is strangely generalised in design. There is no specific bridge, no command centre. There is no engineering section. I can identify no living quarters. There is no indication of life. Then the initial encounter was solely for the purpose of gathering information. Shields will be down in eighteen seconds. Shields are down, sir. (A circular cut is made in the hull, and a section of several decks is pulled out) Tractor beam is released, sir. Force field is maintaining our hull integrity. Perhaps because this ship was scanned for individual life signs. Apparently when they are in these slots, they become part of the whole and no longer read as separate life forms. Captain, I would theorise that the Borg are somehow interconnected through these slots and are working collectively. Commander, I believe each slot is designed for a specific Borg. Here is where the connection is made. The technology required to achieve this biological and artificial interface is far beyond our capabilities. There are many advantages. Fascinating. Commander? The ship appears to be regenerating. Perhaps this explains why they have not taken notice of our presence. Their collective effort is being directed into repairing this vessel. Captain, the Borg are in pursuit. Captain, the target was not the ship. The weapon was designed to drain the shields. Without our shields, at this range there is a high degree of probability that a photon detonation could destroy the Enterprise.
Do not be apprehensive. Wes. I found the Academy examinations quite elementary. Commander Riker is correct. While the information imparted to cadets at the Academy is unquestionably vital for prospective Starfleet officers, it nevertheless requires a significant period of supplementary systems training and situational disciplines. Yes, sir, but not quite as perspicuously. [Pulaski's office] So he said. Sir, Rhomboid Dronegar sector would put us at considerable distance from Captain Picard. Entering Rhomboid Dronegar Sector zero zero six. Basic early design. Capable of sub-light travel only. Sensors indicate engineering problems. They're experiencing total guidance system failure, with less than twenty four hours' reserve power. They are a relatively benign species. They may merely have poorly developed language skills. Scanners shows limited armaments. How they ever mastered the rudiments of space travel is a genuine curiosity. Our Betazoid Counsellor is often aware of things beyond our perceptive abilities. [Shuttlecraft] Apparently, their ship is apparently quite fragile. The Pakled ship has a shield up, sir. It appears to be beyond their technology. Similar to Romulan shields. Running frequency search. Negative, sir. Apparently so. Sensors at maximum. I am programming the comm. system to scan the interference patterns, but a full analysis will take time. [Pakled ship] (Geordi wakes up to see his phaser pointed at him) Intensified scan shows their guidance system to be perfectly intact, as is their power generator. Apparently, the putative malfunctions were carefully programmed into their ship's computer. They seem to have made some technological leaps forward, Commander. They are initiating visual contact, sir. Our options have not changed. We can either respond to the Pakled demand or not. We can either use force or not. There's limited information available on Pakled culture, but the eclectic range of their equipment suggests their technology was borrowed from others. So it would seem. To what effect, sir? We are faced with an impossible conundrum. But they lack the ability to use it properly. Goodbye, Geordi. I shall miss you at weapons systems analysis. As well as our hydrogen collectors. Fond farewell. Ongoing scanning indicates progressive weapons potential. The timing will be crucial. Geordi must correctly interpret our intentions. The Pakleds did hear our little fiction about Geordi's weapons knowledge. Positive indication of armed photon torpedoes, Commander. Forced spectrum communications are spotty at best, sir. Shields are down.
Medical emergency. Doctor Pulaski to the Bridge. (Worf is out cold) He just collapsed, sir. Captain's log, stardate 42823.2. We're departing from Starbase Seven Three to investigate the source of the mysterious distress signal. Meanwhile, my Security Officer remains in Sickbay, where Doctor Pulaski is searching for the cause of his collapse. [Sickbay] Captain, I have been considering the problem of the missing ship. Although there is no record of a launch to the Ficus sector, which would not be unusual considering the chaos of the early twenty second century, someone had to load that ship. Yes, sir. Mariposa. The Spanish word for butterfly. I thought it might be significant, sir. No, sir. (over Picard) Spinning wheels? Accessing. A device for spinning yarn or thread that consists of a large foot or hand driven wheel and one spindle. Spindle, a thin rounded tapering rod Perhaps they were planning for the worst, sir. In the early twenty-second century, Earth was recovering from World War Three. A major philosopher of the period was Liam Dieghan, founder of the Neo-Transcendentalists, who advocated a return to a simpler life in which one lived in harmony with nature, and learned under her gentle tutelage I have insufficient information from which to form a cogent theory, sir. [Pulaski's office] (Worf is carrying a tray) Aye, sir. The system's sun has entered a period of severe flare activity. Class M readings from the fifth planet in the system. Sensors indicate human life form readings thirty metres below the planet's surface. There is no evidence of an advanced communication network. The stellar flares are increasing in magnitude and frequency. Computer projections indicate they will brush the planet in three point six hours. No doubt a descendant of Captain Walter Granger.
Judging a being by its physical appearance is the last major human prejudice, Wesley. Captain, we are receiving Starfleet orders granting a Lwaxana Full ambassadorial status, sir. And yours as well, Commander. She is listed as representing the Betazed government at the conference. I would have thought a telepath would be more discreet, sir. To which dinner was the Captain referring, sir? Ooolans of Marejaretus Six, who use two large stones which are continuously struck during the meal. Those at the dinner must eat until the stones are broken. [Lwaxana's quarters] Indeed, sir. I'm on my way. Data out. [Lwaxana's quarters] So, by using the square root of pi and multiplying it by nine to the third power, I was able to accurately calculate the distance between the Omicron system and the Crab Nebula. Yes, Captain. That is a particularly spellbinding subject. In most stars, the rare Earth element europium is enriched relative to samarium and gadolinium It is. However, [Corridor] And at this point, the second co-orbital satellite avoids a collision with the first. (Deanna enters) Captain. Perhaps I should remain and further entertain our guest. Indeed, Captain? I know many more interesting anecdotes, sir. For example, Sir? Yes, sir. [Lwaxana's quarters] Commander. Are you planning on going into the holodeck? Could you postpone our departure for just five minutes, sir? Carlos. She is correct, sir. I am detecting large amounts of ultritium.
I believe the wiser course of action here is to bend. That is correct. Fold. To bend. To make compact or to capitulate. I do not believe Lieutenant Worf understands all the nuances of this betting procedure. The cards have been favouring the Lieutenant, but that is the result of random chance, therefore, a temporary condition. (shuffles) Geordi. (Geordi cuts the pack) The game is seven card stud. After the queen, one-eyed jacks and low card in the hole are wild. Emergency signal reads as follows. Enterprise to divert to coordinates four-two-three by one one two by five one immediately. Further orders forthcoming. The message does not elaborate. Our destination is a point near the Boradis system. The first Federation outpost was established thirty four years ago on Boradis Three. Yet we are not headed for a specific colony. The coordinates given are outside the Boradis system. None, sir. We are receiving, sir. Apparently there were no starships available on Starbase One Five Three. The envoy is aboard a class eight probe. By sending the probe to meet us rather than diverting the Enterprise, they are saving us six point one hours. We are on a course precisely parallel to the probe, sir. As far as I can determine, sir, very little. There are four colonies in the Boradis system, as well as nine other outposts scattered throughout the sector. There are thirteen colonies with minimal defences in that sector. Based on the last assumed position of the Klingon vessel, its apparent trajectory, and our estimates of their cruising speed, we should be in scanner range in fifteen hours, eight minutes. (Worf has stormed in) Android, of course, is correct, but I fail to see how chaperon is applicable in this situation. At the moment, I would find it difficult to choose. Bearing three one-six mark four two [Observation lounge] Sensors show life forms aboard, but I am unable to ascertain whether they are awake or dormant. However, the vessel's propulsion systems are inactive, so I would hypothesize that the crew is asleep. (So they get shot at) However, I could be in error. The T'Ong has changed course to three two mark eight one. Increasing to warp three. The T'Ong is now on a heading of four two mark one one three. They are accelerating to warp five. They are slowing to impulse, sir. (The ship appears and fires)
In the game of military brinksmanship, individual physical prowess is less important than the perception of a species as a whole. For over nine millennia, potential foes have regarded the Zakdorns as having the greatest innately strategic minds in the galaxy. Exactly. The Zakdornian culture is replete with self-assuredness and confidence. Seldom is it undeserved. For example, Kolrami is a third level grand master at the game of Strategema. [Engineering] (Adjustments are being made to something on the warp core.) Forever curious, this urge to compete. Doctor, there are other ways to challenge oneself. To avoid deceiving oneself. Why, Doctor? To what end? Aye, sir. (Picard leaves) But I expressed no such interest. Indeed, I. (pause) Cannot. In the present context, what did she mean by bust him up? As opposed to what? Thank you, but what would be the point? (Kolrami leaves) Obviously, I am not. [Bridge]  Come in, please. Counsellor. Is something wrong? With my repository of knowledge, I expected to perform better against a humanoid life form. But Counsellor, I do not have an ego. But Counsellor, I do not have a That is what troubles me. I made no mistakes. I have conducted a diagnostic check of all of my programs. I am cross-checking with the ship's computer. I believe so. I have proven to be vulnerable. At the present time, my deductions should be treated with scepticism. Yes. The Captain would be ill advised to rely upon my judgement. I, however, am not sure. [Hathaway Engineering] (Wesley's experiment is being put into a wall panel.)  Come in, please. Doctor? I am conducting diagnostic No, Doctor, this is not ego. I am concerned about giving the Captain unsound advice. Why, Doctor? It is done, and perhaps just as well. This has indicated that I am damaged in some fashion. I must find the malfunction. [Hathaway Engineering]  Come in, please. Captain, with all due respect, perhaps it would be better if you choose another to serve as your First Officer. I have not been able to isolate the problem, sir. I might make a mistake. Yes, sir. I believe I understand, sir.  I have several examples of Commander Riker's battle technique. At the Academy, he calculated a sensory blind spot on a Tholian vessel and hid within it during a battle simulation. And as a lieutenant aboard the Potemkin, his solution to a crisis was to shut down all power, and hang over a planet's magnetic poles, thus confusing his opponent's sensors. Only twenty-one percent of the time does he rely upon traditional tactics. So, the Captain must be prepared for unusual cunning. Counsellor, Commander Riker will assume we have made this analysis, and knowing that we know his methods, he will alter them. But, knowing that we know that he knows that we know, he might choose to return to his usual pattern. A fighter? The weaker his position, the more aggressive will be his posture. Then despite whatever options he is given, he must be Is that a failing in humans? Disengage modified beams. Computer reports simulated damage to several aft decks, sir. Repair time, three point six days. Sever modified beams. Engage phasers and target. The Ferengi have broken off their attack. Drop shields. Transport the away team aboard. Shields reduced to one fifth intensity. Our shields will not withstand another assault.  Premise. The Ferengi wish to capture the Hathaway believing it to be value. Therefore we must remove the ship from their field of interest. On the Captain's signal, we will fire four photon torpedoes directly at the Hathaway. [Hathaway Bridge] DATA If the warp engines fail to function, the result could be unfortunate. Remember, Geordi, if the implementation is off by a millisecond [Hathaway Bridge] DATA Ready, Captain. Why have you suspended the game? No, sir. It is a stalemate. I simply altered my premise for playing the game. Working under the assumption that Kolrami was attempting to win, it is reasonable to assume that he expected me to play for the same goal. No. I was playing only for a standoff, a draw. While Kolrami was dedicated to winning, I was able to pass up obvious avenues of advancement and settle for a balance. Theoretically, I should be able to challenge him indefinitely. It is a matter of perspective, Doctor. In the strictest sense, I did not win. I busted him up.
I must reiterate, it would be better if I went alone. Your company is not at issue. Your vulnerability to the microorganism is. Possible, but highly unlikely. In any event, why risk both of us? Mister O'Brien, energise. [Steamy mangrove swamp] I am detecting no animal life within fifty kilometres. However, I am reading extensive animal remains, mostly fossilised. I do not know. The structure is rhizomatous. I am always careful. It appears to be dead. If you are correct, you are placing yourself in grave danger. I would tend to agree. (Geordi phasers the wicked thorn from the side of the root. This seems to hurt the plant) Not precisely, Geordi. True fossilisation requires several millennia. Captain, Commander Riker's injury was not accidental. Certain vines on the planet evidently seek out warm-blooded beings and deliberately infect them. Unknown, sir. It is conceivable there is a symbiotic relationship involved. There are numerous animal remains in the area, leading me to hypothesize that the vines could be predatory. It is possible. For Commander Riker's sake, I hope my hypothesis is in error. Marvellous. How easily humans do that. I still need much practice. I shall endeavour to function adequately, sir. Yes, sir. A wise procedure, sir, always. No, sir. Starfleet class of '78. Honours in probability mechanics and exobiology. Machine? Correct, sir. Does that trouble you? Understood, sir. Prejudice is very human. I am superior, sir, in many ways. But I would gladly give it up to be human. Ah! Intriguing. It seems to feed on our phaser energy. Enterprise? [Bridge] I believe I have found a quicker way out of here, sir. He is alive, sir, but just barely. As you wish. Captain, I do not believe you have the authority to promote me to the rank of Admiral. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Captain. Doctor. I am honoured by your presence, but may I suggest you attend the second concert. Ensign Ortiz will perform the violin part. My rendition will be less enjoyable. Although I am technically proficient, according to my fellow performers, I lack soul. But is not honesty always the preferred choice? Indeed? Because you will lose their confidence? Hyperonic radiation also interferes with ship's transporters. They are now inoperable. Aye, sir. Greetings, gentlemen. That is correct. I am an android. I am Lieutenant Commander Data of the Federation Starship Enterprise. And who, precisely, is us? My local informant does not have that information. In the early days on Tau Cygna Five, survival was more important than history. Fifteen thousand two hundred fifty three, sir. [Bridge] Lieutenant Commander Data of the Starship Enterprise. My mission is to prepare this colony for evacuation. Because this planet belongs to the Sheliak. The term is plural. The Sheliak are a non-humanoid, intelligent life form, classification R3. The original destination of the Artemis was Septimus Minor. Your accomplishments are truly remarkable. Yet the Sheliak and the Federation have a treaty which clearly makes this planet Sheliak domain. That may not be possible. The Sheliak wish to colonise this planet, and are unwilling to share it with humans. If you are still here when the Sheliak colony ship arrives, they will eradicate you. They have little regard for human life. Thus, the most sensible course is to prepare a contingency plan for the evacuation of your people. Perhaps I have not made myself clear. Have you seen many? No, positronic. I'm afraid I have no time to answer a million questions. I have a mission to accomplish. I need to know more about your people, and Gosheven seems unwilling to talk to me further. The possibility does exist, yet Gosheven seems unwilling to prepare for it. Why? I am not ordering him to do anything. I am merely trying to persuade him that his people should prepare to evacuate. Do you believe my suggested course of action should be followed? In spite of the fact that I am an android? No, I would say not. And you conclude because of this that I am impartial. Hence, you accept my recommendations? Yet Gosheven does not. Data here. Understood, sir. [Bridge] Aye, sir. We must speak to Gosheven immediately. [Transporter room] (A test object is beamed out successfully, but returns as a molten blob. Riker enters) It is water. A substance composed of two atoms of hydrogen The Sheliak will not accept humans on their planet, And they will not hesitate to use force to remove you. Are his sentiments typical of the colonists? If I can convince enough people of the necessity of leaving In human parlance, I do not believe I can get the job done. My training has prepared me for starship command duties. As a cultural contact I am proving to be [Observation lounge] He denies the logic of my arguments and speaks of structures they have built. [Observation lounge] In the last three hours and eight minutes, I have spoken to fifty six colonists. Ten of those refused to believe a threat exists. Twenty two favour staying and fighting the Sheliak. Sixteen prefer negotiation or [Observation lounge] Sir, if I do not succeed, how violent is the Sheliak reaction likely to be? [Observation lounge] Ah. Is there any indication that Gosheven has changed his position? So far, my attempts at persuasion have been ineffective. (Ard'rian kisses him full on the lips) Why did you do that? Among humans, a kiss usually serves to seal a friendship, or indicate support, attraction, affection. In this context, I must assume that your intention was to express support. That is something of an understatement. Thus far, that quality has not helped me to accomplish my mission. Elicit a desired behaviour by advocating its opposite. That implies deception, does it not? Perhaps this is a situation where excessive honesty can be detrimental. [Transporter room] (another test object comes back almost intact, but if it were a person, they'd still be dead. Picard enters) I wish to speak. Do you consider your position so weak that it cannot withstand debate? You know of the Sheliak threat. Starfleet wishes to evacuate you for your own protection. Yet Gosheven has decided otherwise. That is his right, And I will not waste time trying to reverse that decision. I admire your conviction in the face of certain defeat. Though doomed, your effort will be valiant. And when you die, you will die for land and honour. Your children will understand that they are dying for a worthy cause. Long after the battle is over, their courage will be remembered and extolled. Yes, that is true. There will be no one left alive to remember. I was simply attempting to describe your inevitable destruction in a manner that would have an emotional effect. Then here you die. (after the crowd has broken up) And you? If you so desire. The Federation will offer as little or as much help as you dictate. Apparently, that is not correct. I appear to be reversing that defeat. I am equipped with diagnostic circuits and am able to correct many malfunctions. Perhaps that is a part of our difficulty. Words are all we have been using. Humans seem to take much stronger notice of actions. I require a phaser. A type of weapon. Unfortunately it does not function in the presence of hyperonic radiation. I will have to be innovative. [Shuttlecraft] (Data removes a small circuit board from his right forearm) Hyperonic radiation randomises phaser beams. But I believe I can improvise a servocircuit which will compensate by continuously recollimating the output. Essentially correct. Get word to Gosheven. Tell him I am coming to the pumping station. Tell him I am going to destroy the aqueduct. I sincerely hope so. [Bridge] Stop. That was the stun setting. This is not. (There's a big bang, then energy is seen racing up the pipeline to the mountain) I can reduce this pumping station to a pile of debris, but I trust my point is clear. I am one android with a single weapon. There are hundreds of Sheliak on the way and their weapons are far more powerful. They may not offer you a target. They can obliterate you from orbit. You will die never having seen the faces of your killers. The choice is yours. I know that. This is just a thing, and things can be replaced. Lives cannot. [Bridge] (The senior crew are working through the treaty, page by page) Lieutenant Commander Data to Enterprise. I am preparing to leave Tau Cygna Five and await rendezvous instructions. I could not have succeeded without your support and insight. I am grateful for your assistance. I am incapable of forgetting. I will remember every detail of my visit here with perfect clarity. I do not understand. I have no feelings of any kind. You appeared to need it. Thank you, sir. As I have recently reminded others, sir, I have no feeling. Strictly speaking, sir, it is not my playing. It is a precise imitation of the techniques of Jascha Heifetz and Trenka Bronken. I suppose I have learned to be creative, sir, when necessary.
Eighteen hours, seven minutes, and ten seconds, Doctor. Five minutes to launch site. (There's a sudden jolt. Stubbs gets thrown against a bulkhead) Thirty seconds to impact, sir. Twelve seconds to impact, sir. All systems functioning normally, sir. It is conceivable that he was viewing a synthetically generated image, sir. Controls are not responding, sir. The system automatically provides for self-correction, Captain. There has not been a systems-wide technological failure on a starship in seventy nine years. It is 'Stars and Stripes Forever'. sir, by John Phillip Sousa, a popular American composer of band music in the early twentieth century. The music is on all communications channels, sir. These are not ordinary nanites. It is conceivable that with each new generation they enhance their own design. The rate of evolution would be extraordinary. Engineering, display computer core processor four five one, element zero two nine nine. Increase magnification, factor one thousand. High level gamma radiation would kill them, Doctor. The nanites in the upper core are all dead, Captain. Doctor Stubbs, your own actions have provided evidence to the contrary. When you destroyed the nanites in the core, they responded by interfering with our life support systems. It is difficult to accept these as random actions by machines with loose screws. In effect, you may have proven that the nanites do have a collective intelligence. With intelligence, there is the capability of language, but it will depend on how far their evolution has brought them. We could modify the circuitry in the universal translator to make it capable of communications with them. Captain. I have established contact. (Minutes later) As we continue, Captain, they are virtually learning the concept of communication. Each new generation is making modifications. I believe it is worth an attempt. sir. I am ready, sir. Captain, if a face to face negotiation would be helpful, I would like to volunteer myself as a conduit. I can easily furnish the nanites with a schematic design of my neurological structure. Entering my neural network would require no more than their most basic skills. They could penetrate the molecular fabric of my hand-covering into my nerve circuitry, and interface with my verbal programs. It would be a considerable risk, sir, but it would also represent a gesture of trust on our part. It could be an important step toward peace, sir. The answer is yes. [Computer core] They are ready, Captain. You are very strange looking creatures. Why did you attack us? We were seeking raw materials for our replicating process. We meant no harm. We were exploring. We know who you are. What is at your mercy? We agree. Thank you, but we have evolved beyond any need for your assistance. This vessel has become too confining. We require relocation. Captain's log, supplemental. Doctor Stubbs has used his influence to have planet Kavis Alpha Four designated the new home of the nanite civilisation. Commander Data's neural network has been vacated. He has been returned to us unharmed. And with the help of the nanites, our computer core has been reconstructed in time for the experiment [Bridge] (As the Egg finally glides out of the shuttlebay) Ten seconds to stellar blast, sir.
Captain, we are not receiving Rana Four's call sign. No response. Rana Four is emissions quiet. Sensors are scanning ninety degrees of longitude as we orbit. I am detecting no bodies of water, no vegetation, no artificial structures. That is highly unlikely. Rana Four possessed no interstellar spacecraft. The structure is located at the centre of the vegetation. Negative. It is as you see it. If there are indicators as to why this particular area has remained intact, I cannot detect them. Botanists. Originally from the aquatic city New Martim Vaz in Earth's Atlantic Ocean. Residents of the Rana Four colony for five years. You, ma'am, are eighty two years of age and a composer of Tao classical music. You, sir, are eighty five years of age and a specialist in symbiotic plant life. You have been married for fifty three years. I memorised the colony register on the way to Rana Four, in the event that such information would be needed. Our vehicle classification index can put no identity to it. Its design is completely foreign. They have received the message, Captain, but are ignoring it. The vessel has assumed a position outside of the Rana system, and it is rapidly increasing velocity. I have a positive identification, Commander. It is the vessel that attacked us earlier. It is re-entering the system at high velocity and is approaching Rana Four. The warship is capable of striking us with far more powerful bursts. The vessel appears undamaged, sir. Its defences are apparently able to absorb incoming matter and energy. Captain, the Uxbridge house is coming into transporter range. The warship is approaching from high orbit. It is very close three hundred thousand kilometres distant. The vessel has altered its course to a direct intercept with the Enterprise. The vessel is now within twenty thousand kilometres of the Enterprise and closing. The vessel is entering a low orbit around Rana Four. It appears it is preparing to fire at the planet, Captain. My calculations indicate that its target is the house of Kevin and Rishon Uxbridge. But, Captain, will they not protest?
Captain, if we increase to warp seven we can be there in twenty three minutes. The hologram generator is now functioning, sir. Commander. (Liko touches the metal frame and gets a shock. He falls from the cliff face) [Hillside] The area around the duck blind exhibits Karst topography. Sinkholes, underground rivers, and caverns. And the rock strata contain a high concentration of thallium compounds which may be obstructing our sensor beams. Correct, sir. Was that intended to be an affirmative? Is Nuria the closest of the five? Locked on. We can beam Nuria aboard at will. Aye, sir. [Transporter room]
Commander, away team reporting in. Lieutenant Worf standing by. The Koinonians were an intelligent culture which became embroiled in a war that lasted for several generations. Our best evidence indicates they destroyed themselves. According to historical records. This will be the first opportunity for a Federation team Excuse me, sir. Am I intruding? How well did you know Lieutenant Aster? Why do you ask? But why do you ask the question? Since her death, I have been asked several times to define how well I knew Lieutenant Aster. And I heard you ask Wesley on the Bridge how well he knew Jeremy. Does the question of familiarity have some bearing on death? I do not sense the same feelings of absence that I associate with Lieutenant Yar, although I cannot say precisely why. Human nature, sir? But should not the feelings run as deep regardless of who has died? They employ a subspace proximity detonator. A normal tricorder would never detect it. It comes from the time of the Koinonian Wars, sir. Inconclusive, Captain. The pattern has no exact match in Federation records, sir. A possibility. There is a beam of highly charged particles emanating from the planet, sir, but I cannot pinpoint the location yet. No intruder noted by the sensors, sir. The beam from the planet is clearly tapping into the ship's anti-matter, Captain. The shield has severed the beam, sir. Captain, the energy field. (a big green spike is rushing off the planet) Engaging force fields, Captain. Transporters down. [Transporter room]
Neither side intended Orelious Nine to be the decisive conflict. The destruction is remarkable considering the primitive weapons of the period. (Geordi enters, disconsolate and back in uniform) I beg your pardon, Wesley? Uh, oh. Acknowledged. [Bridge] Confirmed, sir. Approaching the source, Captain. Sensors indicate no life signs aboard, Captain. There is adequate oxygen for life support, Commander. I was never a boy. Activating power pack, Captain. The source of the distress signal appears to be coming from up there, Captain. Captain, I believe this is an information storage device. A crude analogue of our isolinear optical chip. Questionable, sir. I believe I can supply power to its playback unit, but its components are quite old. I will attempt to amplify its image with my tricorder. Aye, sir. (Troi and Riker have big grins on their faces) Captain, we are experiencing a two percent drop in energy reserves. Compensating. Captain, energy loss increasing to five percent. Energy loss increasing, sir. Power loss now at twelve percent, Captain. There are many fascinating records of Menthar battle strategy. They were exceptionally innovative. In fact, they were the first to use the Kavis Teke elusive manoeuvre as well as the passive lure stratagem that is comparable to Napoleon's No, sir. They are identical to the coil we found earlier, Captain. We can enhance them through the image processor in the ship's computer. [Bridge] Captain. We've been able to verify that these coils are the logs of the Promellian captain, but most of them have decayed and cannot be repaired. On most, there are brief sections which may yield some information. Aceton assimilators are a primitive generator which can drain power from distant sources. It would not be difficult to modify them to convert energy into radiation. To create this radiation field would take several hundred thousand, sir. There is no way to precisely calculate that, Commander, but it is likely. There is also the possibility that the phasers will supply the assimilators with what they need most. Energy. Energy reserves are dropping rapidly, sir. Impulse engines are down. Velocity is one hundred thirty five metres per second. Starboard thruster firing. Thruster is off. Port thrusters firing. Port thruster is firing. Sir, the gravitational attraction of the various masses has reduced our velocity by eight percent. By my calculations, we no longer have sufficient momentum to clear the debris field. The asteroid's gravity is drawing us closer. Velocity is increasing. Velocity still increasing. Now at two hundred and nineteen metres per second. Starboard aft thruster. You have used the asteroid's gravitational pull as a slingshot. Excellent.
A neutrino pulse would send non-charged particles back up through the atmosphere and would be detectable by Geordi's Visor. Captain, I have a new transmission on a parallel frequency to the distress call. No, sir. From inside the Romulan Zone. We should be able to view the transmission. The neutrino stream is coming in strongly. Sensors are tracking the probe despite the interference. [Cave mouth] (Geordi has found shelter at last, and can see a blue coloured vertical jet emanating from some way away) There is no indication, Commander. I have no way to predict. The Romulan warbird should still be twenty nine minutes away from the edge of the Neutral Zone. The storm is beginning to subside, Captain. We should have a window in less than an hour. Scanners are showing a window, Captain. Nine minutes, forty seconds, sir. The electromagnetic window on the planet is closing, sir. Three minutes remain. The window is allowing intermittent sensor readings. There are still numerous ghost images, but I believe we are picking up two life forms near the beacon. I cannot say. The electromagnetic interference prevents an accurate reading.
The data from the Barzan's probe of the wormhole are quite impressive, Captain. The wormhole delivered the probe beyond the Denkiri Arm, in the Gamma Quadrant. The same distance could be achieved in a matter of seconds through the wormhole. The Barzans do not have manned space travel, so they had to resort to an automated probe. Its findings are limited. It cannot be determined from these charts how stable the wormhole really is, or how long it will remain intact. Proverbial lemon? I would also like to volunteer, sir. There is a bright side, Geordi. You will have me to talk to. [Bridge] (The wormhole appears) It is visible, Captain. Monitors are functioning normally again. Curious. We are not where we are supposed to be. According to the Barzan probe, we should be in the Gamma Quadrant but these readings clearly indicate we are nearly two hundred light years away in sector three five five six of the Delta Quadrant. Perhaps the readings were correct. Their probe could have exited the wormhole at a completely different location. Gravitational acceleration is also increasing. This is not a speculation, Doctor. We are not where the Barzans said we should be, which would indicate [Ferengi pod] Thrusters at half power. Three quarters. Captain, this end of the wormhole is currently stable, but the other end apparently shifts positions periodically. [Bridge]
Commander, I am detecting life signs from behind that door. It is a likely hypothesis. The nomadic marauders who refer to themselves as Gatherers have raided other outposts in neighbouring sectors. The Federation has charted but not explored several class M planets in that area. Any one of these planets might well serve as a base. Captain, I am detecting life readings from the planet surface, as well as several small areas of thermal radiation and carbon dioxide emissions, indicative of combustion. Is that not what I said? Noranium alloy, sir. It's salvage value is quite low. Rigelian phaser rifles, sir. Not particularly powerful. Two thousand three hundred fourteen degrees. Of course, noranium carbide Commander, I'm afraid the only entry we have on Volnoth in the Acamarian database is a birth record. Yes, sir. He was a member of the Lornak clan. He was captured while leading a Gatherer raid on an Acamarian outpost. He died of a heart attack before his trial ended. Commander, Chorgan, the present leader of the Gatherers, is also from the Lornak clan. Commander, eighty years ago the Lornaks massacred a rival clan, the Tralestas. It ended a feud that had lasted for two hundred years. According to these records, there were no survivors. The Tralestas were annihilated. Sir, I believe I have found a correlation between the two deaths. Your missing link. That is Penthor-Mul being led from his trial. (a still image on the monitor) Behind him and to the left, sir. The computer can extrapolate and reconstruct the rest of the face, sir.
(as Henry) A friend. Under Sir Thomas Erpingham. Even as men wrecked upon a sand, that look to be washed off the next tide. No, nor it is not meet he should. For though I speak it to you, I think the king is but a man, as I am. The violet smells to him as it doth to me, in his nakedness he appears but a man. Therefore, his fears, out of doubt, be of the same relish as ours are. Yet no man should possess him with any appearance of fear, lest he, by showing it, should dishearten his army. Methinks I could not die anyplace so contented as in the King's company, his cause being just and his quarrel honourable. The King is not bound to answer the particular endings of his soldiers, the father of his son, nor the master of his servant. Freeze programme. Thank you, sir. I plan to study the performances of Olivier, Branagh, Shapiro, Kullnark Captain, why should a king wish to pass as a commoner? If he is the leader, should he not be leading? [Corridor] Sir, will I be able to schedule a performance for the crew in the near future? Forty-one seconds, sir. Scout ship is severely damaged, Captain. Engines inoperative, shields are down. Coordinates one four zero by two zero five, sir. Five kilometres, sir. Massive power failure to the scout ship, sir. All systems are going offline, including life support. Commander, that would not be an atypical Romulan ploy. In their long history of war, the Romulans have rarely attacked first. They prefer to test their enemy's resolve. That would also not be an atypical Romulan ploy, sir. Captain, permission to observe the interrogation? There is no unusual activity in the Nelvana System, sir. Nothing on the sensors. Not necessarily, Doctor. The Romulans have the same capability to direct the impact of their weapons as we do. You wanted to see me, Captain? I will start my calibrations, sir. Is there something else you require of me, Captain? I will begin immediately, sir. Is that all? They are concerned, of course, Captain, but confident. Do you not see that, sir? Sensors are configured for planetary probe, sir. Ready for launch. Probe on course. Sensors are functioning. Your gut? But those qualities would interfere with rational judgment, would they not? Then why not rely strictly on the facts? They can lead to wrong conclusions, but they cannot lie. The facts to date would lead to an objective conclusion that he is not. With their pants? Because your gut tells you so? So a person fills in missing pieces of the puzzle with his own personality, resulting in a conclusion based as much on instinct and intuition as on fact. But what does one do if he has no instinct and intuition? As the probe went into orbit around Nelvana Three, it began picking up low level subspace radio emissions. No, sir. The patterns are clearly artificial. Cloaked Romulan ships could produce that effect. That would be an incorrect assumption. I was attempting to ascertain what my guts tell me about you. I do not find that concept particularly appealing. I am told by various crewmembers that this viewport is their favourite on the ship. I am afraid they would require the molecular structure of the beverage in question. And, as you are no doubt aware, our knowledge of your planet is quite limited. Am I correct in assuming you regret your decision to come here? It does appear unlikely you will ever be allowed to return to your planet. But perhaps we can bring Romulus to you. [Corridor] Run programme. (the holodeck doors open) After you. [Holodeck] (It is a landscape of bizarre rock formations under a massive moon, and its smaller companion) You are free to stay here as long as you wish. Cancel programme. Approaching Nelvana system. Scanning the planet, sir. No life forms, no power sources, no weapons systems. No, sir. I am picking them up, sir, but I cannot identify the source. They seem to be moving in an orbital path with an eight hundred kilometre apogee. There is no scarring on the planet surface that would denote heavy construction of any kind. A cloaking device operating on the surface would be given away by visible distortion effects. (Jarok and his escort enter) Sir, he must have known it would be impossible for us to deliver this.
Yes, Commander. We will use extreme caution. Specifications on the vessel, Mister Worf? Heading, Mister Crusher? Scan the drive section for life form readings. Bring us around to the back side of the asteroid, Mister Crusher. Apparently, he did not survive. I am afraid the prisoner has eluded us, sir. [Angosian Senate] We followed procedures precisely, Captain. Scanners indicated no life forms present in the drive section. I cannot explain how he escaped. Commander, I believe I can recalibrate our sensors to read through the electromagnetic interference over the poles. There he is, Commander. You were correct. There are still no life form readings coming from the vessel. I have compensated. Still no readings. He is coming about, sir. Shields have been automatically activated. Tractor beam disengaged. I do not believe that will be necessary, Captain. He is no longer in the drive section. I anticipated that diversionary tactic based on his pattern to date. We are picking up a cylindrical object approximately seven metres in length and three metres in diameter. Yet there are still no life form readings. Yes, sir. There is nothing wrong with the ship's sensors. The reason we did not sense life signs aboard the escape vessel is because the prisoner has no life signs. Our sensors can identify artificial lifeforms, sir. Apparently, he is capable of deceiving the sensors. [Brig] (Roga has been having a nightmare, and Deanna sensed it while walking along a corridor. She has hurried to the Brig) Yes, Counsellor. We are copying records for Federation inspection pursuant to their application for admittance. There is no police record. Lunar Five is a military prison facility. That may provide an explanation for the tactics he was able to use against us when we tried to capture him. He served in many campaigns during the Tarsian War, received two promotions, to the rank of Subhadar. A very honourable tour of duty Perhaps that would explain why our sensors did not detect him. Counsellor, did no one try to adjust their programming? Am I disturbing you? Then I will leave. I am an android. I believe you and I have something in common. Yes. We have both been programmed. I do not mean to belittle your condition. I understand your dilemma. But I am curious. My programme can be altered. Yours cannot? Without further analysis of your condition from Counsellor Troi or Doctor Crusher, I cannot say. But I believe it is possible. I cannot answer that. No. But my programme does include military strategy. That is how I was able to anticipate your final tactic and capture you. Except that I am not programmed to kill. I am incapable of any feeling. Nor do I. I too. (Data leaves) Coordinates received, sir. General quarters sounded, sir. Sir, unauthorised access of turbolift five on deck thirty four. Four seconds to arrival, sir. [Corridor] Sir, containment field down on deck thirty six. Captain, someone in Engineering is attempting to override the security system lockout. As he bypasses each subsystem, I can re-route it without his knowledge. Danar is extremely adept, sir. I am not certain which security measure he is attempting to circumvent. Sir, Danar has succeeded in restoring power to shuttlebay two. (Danar has climbed the ladder to the upper core level) I have overridden Danar's bypass. Shuttlebay two is once again inactive. Captain, reading another open access panel. Sir, I find it highly unlikely that Danar would be attempting to reach shuttlebay two. In our previous encounter, Danar employed a strategy of misdirection in an attempt to gain his objective. He is aware that our sensors are unable to track him, yet he seems to be purposely leaving a trail for us to follow. I am afraid his true destination remains a mystery. Readings now indicate an open access panel in Jeffries tube N eleven, deck thirty eight. They appear to be empty, sir. Aye, sir. (Danar spots the gas, and gets a suit from one of the containers nearby) Sensors show anestazine concentration seventy parts per million within the cargo bays. Explosion in Jefferies tube section T nine five. All external sensors inoperative. Unable to transfer control, sir. [Cargo bay] (Danar finally defeats Worf by toppling a lot of cargo boxes on top of him. Then he beams himself onto the transport ship) [Transport ship] Negative, sir. All external sensors still nonfunctioning. Captain, the Prime Minister is hailing us. Priority one. It is against their nature to do so, Captain. Prime Minister, if you have the skills to create a master soldier, can you not contradict the effect? Have you tried, sir?
We have only a few minutes before our next meeting, Doctor. Doctor, I believe it would be prudent to return to the Enterprise. There are physicians on this planet. Captain, there has been an incident. [Bridge] Sir, I've recommended such a course, but there are several wounded people and Doctor Crusher [Bridge] Aye, sir. A transporter would leave residual ionization in the air. Our tricorder readings found no trace after the incident. We have been unable to detect a signal from her communicator. Either it has been deactivated or she is being held in a shielded location. A subspace field coil with an isolated power source. Curious. That could possibly indicate subspace transition rebound during transport. Are you referring to the Elway Theorem? But the Elway Theorem proved to be entirely inaccurate. All research was abandoned by the mid-twenty third century. But it was proven to be fatal. To use this technology would be an irrational act. Captain, anyone who is willing to transport in this manner, would suffer significant internal damage that could be detected. A dimensional jump can create subspace pressure modulation, Captain. By setting up a magnetosphere echogram that can monitor each of their movements, we may be able to collect enough data to trace their power source. Dimensional shifting is such an unstable procedure, sir, that I cannot say. Sir, I am finding it difficult to understand many aspects of Ansata conduct. Much of their behavioral norm would be defined by my programme as unnecessary and unacceptable. But if that is so, Captain, why are their methods so often successful? I have been reviewing the history of armed rebellion and it appears that terrorism is an effective way to promote political change. Yet there are numerous examples where it was successful. The independence of the Mexican State from Spain, the Irish Unification of 2024, and the Kensey Rebellion. Then would it be accurate to say that terrorism is acceptable when all options for peaceful settlement have been foreclosed? Casualties reported on deck twelve. Sickbay responding. They are moving inter-dimensionally. Neither transporters nor forcefields will contain them, sir. [Engineering] (Two terrorists place a bomb on the warp core and jump out. Geordi has seen them) Sensors indicate it is located thirty metres below the ground, implying a cavern-like dwelling. Our readings show no evidence of any, Commander. Aye, sir.
The satellite's trajectory is continuing to deteriorate, Captain. This orbit will put it within five hundred kilometres of the planet surface. No, Doctor. It is a most unusual phenomenon. The total mass of the moon would remain the same, Commander, and the impact of thousands of fragments would spread destruction over an even wider area. Twenty nine hours, sir. Projecting it somewhere on the western continent. That would destroy an area eight hundred kilometres in radius. Delta vee is ninety two metres per second. The mass is too great. We are having an effect but it is negligible. (A high-pitched noise penetrates the Bridge) Unable to identify source. [Engineering] Sir, he is reading as fully human. Sensors are showing broadband emissions, including Berthold rays No, Commander. Overall exposure is less than seventy five rems. Very low intensity, more like a soft medical scan. I would speculate we are being probed. The sensors cannot identify the point of origin. It seems to be coming from all around us. [Brig] (The light becomes a globe hovering over the sleeping Q, then disappears. He is awake when Picard enters) Aye, sir. (Picard leaves) I was considering the possibility that you are telling the truth, that you really are human. An irony. It means that you have achieved in disgrace what I have always aspired to be. [Corridor] The human race has an enduring desire for knowledge, and for new opportunities to improve itself. Oh, I do not feel envy. I feel nothing at all. That is part of my dilemma. I have the curiosity of humans, but there are questions I will never have the answer to. What is it like to laugh, or cry, or to experience any human emotions. The Enterprise will be dangerously close to the atmosphere. Medical assistance to Engineering. Can you recommend a way to counter the effect? Geordi is trying to say that changing the gravitational constant of the universe is beyond our capabilities. Q says he has hurt his back. The choice of meal is determined by individual taste. Although I do not require sustenance, I occasionally ingest semi-organic nutrient suspension in a silicon-based liquid medium. It would be more accurate to say it is good for me, as it lubricates my bio-functions. A wide variety of items. The replicator can make anything you desire. I have observed that the selection of food is often influenced by the mood of the person ordering. When Counsellor Troi is unhappy, she usually eats something chocolate. A chocolate sundae, for example. Although I do not speak from personal experience, I have seen it have a profound psychological impact. I've never seen anyone eat ten chocolate sundaes. The Captain and many of the crew are not yet convinced he is truly human. That would be a most noble cause, Q. I am an android, not a robot. He has provided important theoretical guidance for Geordi's analysis of the Bre'el satellite, Captain. I am merely stating a fact, Counsellor. I do not perceive your skills to be in doubt, Q. The Captain is more concerned with your ability to interact successfully with his little trained minions. Human interpersonal relationships are more complex. Your experiences may not have adequately prepared you. Engineering. To function aboard a starship, or in any human activity, you must learn to form relationships. And of more immediate importance is your ability to work within groups. Geordi thinks he is in command here, and he is correct. [Bridge] Warp core to ninety percent. Yes, Captain. We are unable to encompass the entire moon. Q, I strongly suggest that you cooperate. Inertial mass of the moon is decreasing to approximately two point five million metric tonnes. Hull temperature rising. Two thousand degrees. [Bridge] Captain, the aliens have disappeared, and so has the shuttle. I have, sir. If your intention is to make me human, Q. I do not know. But it was a wonderful feeling. The moon's altitude is fifty five thousand kilometres. Projected orbit is circular. There is no further danger to the planet.
Captain, we have arrived at Tanuga Four. The away team has completed its survey of Doctor Apgar's work and is ready to return to the ship. Ensign Williams' striking style is heavily influenced by geometric constructivism. Lieutenant Wright has effectively fused the incongruities of the surrealists with the irrationality of Dadaism. (Then back to Picard's tall canvas) Interesting. While suggesting the free treatment of form usually attributed to Fauvism, this quite inappropriately attempts to juxtapose the disparate cubistic styles of Picasso and Leger. In addition, the use of colour suggests a haphazard mlange of clashing styles. Furthermore, the unsettling overtones of proto-Vulcan influences You are welcome, sir. If I can be of further assistance Captain, the radiation and debris are consistent with an overload of the station's reactor core. It would require construction and design specifications, full orthographic representations of the Krieger equipment, as well as visual representations and voice analyses of the persons involved. But it is possible. The energy signature would seem to indicate a phaser-like blast. Was there anything else in the lab capable of creating this kind of energy discharge? Source? Computer, identify type of radiation. It is definitely the same radiation that penetrated deck thirty nine. Highly focused, very powerful but of unknown origin. The two radiation events aboard the Enterprise occurred five hours, twenty minutes and three seconds apart. The science station exploded yesterday at almost four times that interval. We do not have the evidence to support that conclusion at this time, Commander. As you know, Captain, we are looking for a phenomenon that reoccurs every five hours, twenty minutes and three seconds. We have found one such phenomenon on the planet's surface. It should not be. It is a harmless lambda field generator. We now know what is causing the bursts, and why the science station exploded, sir.
Sensors are reading gravimetric fluctuations, Captain. Most unusual ones. Nothing I have seen before. Yes and no. Like a time displacement, but it does not have a discernible event horizon. Confirmed. The phenomenon does not have a definable centre or outer edge. I do not have sufficient information to make an analysis as yet, Commander. The dynamics of the radiation patterns Scanning sensors) (a ship emerges from the phenomenon, and things change. Picard's uniform grows a higher collar and the Bridge becomes slightly darker. People are wearing Sam Brownes) Sensors confirm design and specifications, Captain. Analysis of hull and engine materials conform to engineering patterns and methods of that time period. Presumed destroyed. The Enterprise C was last seen near the Klingon outpost Narendra Three exactly twenty two years, three months and four days ago. It is a possibility, Captain. If that hypothesis is correct, the phenomenon we just encountered would be a temporal rift in space. Possibly the formation of a Kerr loop from superstring material. It would require high-energy interactions occurring in the vicinity for such a structure to be formed. The rift is certainly not stable, Captain. It could collapse at any time. Away team reporting in, sir. There is a high degree of probability that the temporal rift is symmetrical, Captain. Back, sir? The Enterprise C would emerge in her own time period at almost the same instant she left. Yes, sir. None, sir. Perhaps her species has a perception that goes beyond linear time. Not necessarily meaningless, Commander. The Klingons regard honour above all else. If the crew of the Enterprise-C had died fighting for the survival of a Klingon outpost, it would be considered a meaningful act of honour by the Klingon Empire. Engineering. Is Engineering your destination as well? If I interpret your facial expressions correctly, you are preoccupied with something unpleasant. We may never know what happens. If they succeed, we will not even realise that these events occurred. [1701-C Bridge] Firing phasers. The Klingon vessel has recloaked, sir. I have no readings. Shields are holding, sir. One enemy target hit, sir. Moderate damage to their forward shields. Our shields are still holding. Minor damage to secondary hull. One enemy target destroyed, sir. (A crewman is killed) Shields buckling, Captain. They will not Fifty two seconds, sir. Power couplings severed in forward phaser banks. Attempting to bypass. Controls not responding. (Riker gets killed) The phenomenon is closing in on itself, Captain.
Oh, you are early. Just a moment please. (The door shuts in their faces) [Laboratory] (We see Data fasten a foot to a leg, and make it wiggle its toes. Then the platform it is on ascends out of our sight. He opens the door again) You may enter now. I have invited you here to meet someone. (The platform is brought down from the ceiling again. It contains what would be a naked person, if it were flesh and blood) This is Lal. Lal, say hello to Counsellor Deanna Troi Lal, this is Geordi La Forge. It is an accepted custom that we wear clothing. Yes, Wesley. Lal is my child. Captain's log, supplemental. I have just been advised of a highly unusual project undertaken by Commander Data. [Laboratory] Lal has a positronic brain one very similar to my own. I began programming it at the cybernetics conference. True, but here was a new submicron matrix transfer technology introduced at the conference which I discovered could be used to lay down complex neural net pathways. Exactly, Wesley. I realised for the first time it was possible to continue Doctor Soong's work. My initial transfers produced very encouraging results, so I brought Lal's brain back with me. I have not observed anyone else on board consulting you about their procreation, Captain. I decided to allow my child to choose its own sex and appearance. I am sorry, Captain. I did not anticipate your objections. Do you wish me to deactivate Lal? I have followed all of Starfleet regulations to the best of my ability. I expected they would be pleased. To prepare, I have scanned all available literature on parenting. There seems to be much confusion on this issue. One traditional doctrine insists, spare the rod and spoil the child, suggesting a punitive approach. While another more liberal attitude would allow the child enormous freedom. And what Klingons do to their children Does that not describe becoming a parent, sir? That is why I must attempt this, sir. I have observed that in most species, there is a primal instinct to perpetuate themselves. Until now, I have been the last of my kind. If I were to be damaged or destroyed, I would be lost forever. But if I am successful with the creation of Lal, my continuance is assured. I understand the risk, sir. and I am prepared to accept the responsibility. [Corridor] Correct. That is why you must choose a gender, Lal, to complete your appearance. Access your data bank on sexuality, level two. That will define the parameters. No, Lal. That would be confusing. We are taking you to the holodeck to show you several thousand composites I have programmed. You may choose from them. This is a big decision [Holodeck] (Data gently wakes Deanna and helps her to her feet) Counsellor? Lal has narrowed the choices to four. Would you like to see? Computer, Lal gender sequence finalists. Begin. An Andorian female. That could make socialisation more difficult. A human male. A human female. A Klingon male. I have completed the assembly of the replicated anatomy. I was able to provide Lal with more realistic skin and eye colour than my own. (Down comes the platform. It's the human brunette) This is home, Lal. Yes. We are a family, Lal. Chair. To sit in. Sit. Good. Painting. Yes. I will teach you to recognise the artistry in paintings. (But Lal has moved on from the chair to the sofa) Yes, very good, Lal. You have correctly processed the sense of touch. There are many fascinating experiences I wish to share with you. No, that is a flower, Lal. Inhale. Yes. The transfer itself is fairly simple. Each neural pathway in my brain is duplicated precisely in hers. Theoretically, the duplicate brains should be able to store and process the same information but until all of the transfers are complete, we will not know for certain. She studies in our quarters. She requires very little supervision. Lal is quite self-sufficient. She already has access to the sum of human knowledge from me. She is only two weeks old. Lal, the third crosslink transfer series is complete. Purpose? That is a complex question, Lal. I can only begin to answer by telling you that our function is to contribute in a positive way to the world in which we live. Because you are my child. These questions suggest that we have made a successful transfer of the heuristic associative pathways. You will now begin to process information on logic, aesthetics, metaphysics, and epistemology. You are truly becoming sentient, Lal. By developing the awareness to examine and question your perceptions. Tomorrow will be your first day of school, Lal. [Ready room] A perfect score? I see. That would seem to be reasonable. It is a human physiological response to humour. Deck fifteen. Lal. The children were not laughing with you, they were laughing at you. One is meant kindly, the other is not. Because you are different. Differences sometimes scare people. I have learned that some of them use humour to hide their fear. Doctor? I require your advice as a successful parent. Lal is realising she is not the same as other children. She does not feel the emotion of loneliness, but she can observe how isolated she is from the others. She wishes to be more like them. I do not know how to help her. Lal is passing into sentience. It is perhaps the most difficult stage of her development. That is precisely what happened to Lal in school. How did you help him? I have not told Lal how difficult it was for me to assimilate. I did not wish it to discourage her. Perhaps this was an error of judgement. I can give her attention, Doctor. But I am incapable of giving her love. (Data leaves) Guinan. (He steers Lal away from the interesting people and onto a bar stool) Guinan, Lal needs to observe human behaviour. And for this opportunity, she is willing to provide services to assist you. That would be most beneficial. You have used a verbal contraction. It is a skill my programme has never mastered. No. You have exceeded my abilities. I do not object, but I do not understand how this has occurred. Aye, sir. [Ready room] I am certain the Admiral is anxious to meet Lal. I have been sending him regular status reports on her development. Her environment, sir? Then he wishes to relocate us? I would not be in favour of that, sir. There are many things that she can learn only from me. My lifetime of experiences. The mistakes I have made and what I have learned from them. Then he is questioning my ability as a parent. Does the Admiral have children? I am forced to wonder how much experience he had as a parent when his first child was born. [Ten Forward] (A couple by the far wall are gazing into each others eyes and holding hands) Commander, what are your intentions toward my daughter? It is a limitation we must learn to accept, Lal. I have asked myself that many times as I have struggled to be more human. Until I realised it is the struggle itself that is most important. We must strive to be more than we are, Lal. It does not matter that we will never reach our ultimate goal. The effort yields its own rewards. It is the difference between knowledge and experience. So Lal now possesses the sum of my programming. There do seem to be some variations on the quantum level. She can use contractions. I cannot. I have maintained records on positronic matrix activity, behavioral norms, and all verbal patterns. I have seen no evidence of other aberrations. Is that not the goal of every parent, sir? I am programmed with the procedures you mention, sir. And in any meaningful evaluation of Lal, you would require a model for a basis of comparison. I am the only model available, Admiral. No, sir. It is an opportunity for her to observe human behaviour and more importantly, for her to interact with her crewmates. May I ask why, sir? Admiral, when I created Lal, it was in the hope that someday she would choose to enter the Academy and become a member of Starfleet. I wanted to give something back in return for all Starfleet has given me. I still do. But Lal is my child. You ask that I volunteer to give her up. I cannot. It would violate every lesson I have learned about human parenting. I have brought a new life into this world, and it is my duty, not Starfleet's, to guide her through these first difficult steps to maturity, to support her as she learns, to prepare her to be a contributing member of society. No one can relieve me from that obligation. And I cannot ignore it. I am her father. Lal is programmed to return to the lab in the event of a malfunction. Yes, Lal. I am here. It appears to be a symptom of cascade failure. It would require initialisation the base matrix without wiping out the higher functions. Thank you, Admiral. Lal? I am unable to correct the system failure. We must say goodbye now. What do you feel, Lal? I wish I could feel it with you. Lal suffered complete neural system failure at thirteen hundred hours. I have deactivated the unit. I thank you for your sympathy, but she is here. Her presence so enriched my life that I could not allow her to pass into oblivion. So I incorporated her programs back into my own. I have transferred her memories to me.
The unhatched eggs of a large scaleless The USS Intrepid was the first ship on the scene, sir. Commander, I have discovered the basis of the charges against Worf's father. Apparently the Klingons recently captured a Romulan ship with logs that provided new information on the Khitomer attack. They clearly indicate a transmission from the outpost to the Romulan ship moments before the shields went down. They do correspond to Mogh's personal security code. I will try, but the Intrepid was at the edge of sensor range during the attack and we cannot be sure if the scan was complete. Both the Intrepid and Romulan logs show a series of distress signals from Khitomer. That is where Mogh's alleged transmission should be. They are no longer synchronous.
Commander, ship's sensors detect an abnormal energy reading in the Captain's quarters. Undetermined. Correct, sir. A great deal, sir. It is a rotating neutron star of approximately four point three five six solar masses. Aye, sir. [Ready room] Enter. You are always welcome, Captain. That beats my fours. Commander, there is still one fact we have not considered. The abnormal energy reading in the Captain's quarters was never explained. Sir, at twenty million kilometres, our shields will only be effective for eighteen minutes. Aye, sir. [Ready room] Captain, number four shield has failed. Increasing power to number three shield to compensate. Sir, at that distance, the ship will not withstand the magnetic fields and radiation. We will not survive.
Captain, sensors report the USS Hood is closing on an intercept course at high warp. Sir, the Hood is slowing to impulse. Sir. I am Data. An android. Our destination is the Beta Stromgren system, following the path of the Vega Nine probe. That is correct, Commander. Apparently the probe has discovered. Astonishing. [Observation lounge] (Tam is suffering in the presence of so many minds) (The presentation is now up on the main screen) Our orders are to proceed to this star, Beta Stromgren. Scientists have discovered that it is in the final stages of an alternating cycle of expansion and collapse, and will soon result in a supernova. However, the unmanned long range space probe sent by Starfleet to observe the process has discovered something much more. They routinely monitor the telemetry of our deep space probes. That is correct. Starbase one two three has detected two D'daridex class cruisers on an intercept course. The top speed of this class cruiser is known to be less than ours. Therefore we do have some advantage. Aye, sir. Since there is no known natural phenomenon capable of travel at warp velocities, there are but two possibilities. Either it is a sensor malfunction, another ship is following us covertly. Agreed. Lieutenant, continue monitoring the precise position of the echo. Any sudden change in its behaviour, initiate Yellow Alert. Captain, we are receiving relayed sensor data from the Vega Probe, including visuals. In fact, we are, Commander. However Captain, it would appear that the Romulan's intent is to contact Tin Man first, at any cost. According to my sensor readings, the warbird has exceeded maximum engine output by thirty percent. They seem to have irreparable damage to their warp coils. Aye, sir. [Data's quarters] Yes. I have configured these instruments to display information with greater speed and efficiency than stations used by the others. Spartan? I have tried it from time to time. But you are correct. I do not require rest. The creature's anatomy appears most peculiar. It is indeed laid out as a vessel with what appear to be corridors and chambers. An internal environment suitable for carbon based life forms is being maintained, yet there is no evidence of a crew aboard. Tin Man is a living being which has been bred or has adapted itself to serve a purpose. I find that interesting. I do not believe I am qualified to express an opinion. You said in the transporter room that you could not read my mind. Perhaps there is nothing to read. Nothing more than mechanisms and algorithmic responses. Captain, the Romulan ship is hailing the alien using their equivalent of linguacode. Nothing so far, Commander. Captain, I agree that Tam's motives are trustworthy, and I do not believe it is possible that he will act against us, or will cause Tin Man to act against us out of malice. I am puzzled, sir. We have come this far. Are you not going to allow Tam to fulfill his mission? I believe I understand, sir. If you feel the risk is too great to send Tam Elbrun alone, then send me with him. But he is more comfortable with me, sir. It is humanity he is fleeing. Sir, I can serve as an intermediary, a bridge back. A reminder of his obligations both to us and to Tin Man. [Bridge] Tam? Data to Enterprise. Enterprise, come in. If it is harming you, we must return. Enterprise, respond. There is a large chamber twenty metres ahead. Intriguing. Is that the purpose of existence? To care for someone? I must remind you that our objective is to bring Tin Man out of danger and report our findings to Starfleet. But our mission Sir? Difficult to explain, Captain. I believe he found what he was looking for, Counsellor. Captain's log, supplemental. With all main systems at least temporarily restored, we are proceeding to Starbase one five two for inspection and additional repairs. We have had no further encounter with the Romulans. As for the whereabouts of Tin Man and Tam Elbrun, we can only speculate. [Observation lounge] Yes, Counsellor. It was Tam's final request that I explain his decision to the crew. But I believe his hope was that you would understand. I witnessed something remarkable. Individually they were both so Yes. But no longer. Through joining they have been healed. Grief has been transmuted to joy. Loneliness to belonging. Yes, Counsellor. When Tin Man returned me to the Enterprise, I realised this is where I belong. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Pardon me, but why is Lieutenant Barclay being referred to clandestinely as a vegetable? Nicknames generally denote fondness, a diminutive shared between friends. Nucleosynthesis. The structure of the glass has been altered at the atomic level. Unlikely. A problem with the replicator would have affected the contents as well as the glass. But the liquid in the glass was a synthehol replication of a light ale of Earth origin, which is, I believe what Lieutenant Duffy ordered. The most probable explanation is that the glass came into contact with an unshielded power source. Then it is possible these two very disparate incidents could be related. [Bridge] (Geordi is at a rear station, showing Riker the glass) It was Lieutenant Barclay who first suggested a link between the two incidents. Metathesis is one of the most common of pronunciation errors, sir. A reversal of vowel and consonant, Barc to Broc. (Suddenly Data becomes fascinated by something on a control panel) [Ten Forward] You are outnumbered, Mister Barclay. Say you will yield and it ends here. Compensating, sir. The matter-antimatter injectors locked for a split second. I am not certain why, sir. They appear to be working properly now. Controls are not responding, sir. [Engineering] Speed increasing, sir. Warp seven point six, seven point six five. Warp seven point seven. [Engineering] At this rate of acceleration, fifteen minutes forty seconds, sir. The plasma flow to the nacelles is uneven due to injector lock. An emergency saucer separation could rupture the warp field. (The ship shakes under the stress) Twelve minutes to structural failure, sir. [Engineering] Injector conduit temperature minus one hundred degrees Celsius. Ready, sir. Temperature now minus one hundred ninety degrees. Minus two hundred degrees, sir. Matter injector is online. Antimatter injector still locked. Antimatter injector online. Reducing flow capacity. Commencing warp engine shut down, sir.
Data to Enterprise. This will be the last trip, sir. [Bridge] Loading is complete. I am proceeding with departure. Enterprise shuttlebay two, prepare for docking, level one precautions for incoming material remain in effect. What am I doing here? (Fajo and Varria enter) Why have I been brought here? I've been delivered here against my wishes. I would like to know the reason. Am I to infer that you intend to keep me captive? It is my name. I wish to leave. This is unacceptable, sir. I have no desire to remain here and even if I did, my Starfleet duties would not allow it. Then I am forced to attempt escape. (Data tries to force the door open) Then you will have to open it for me. (But as soon as Data gets to almost arms reach of Fajo, he is stopped by a green forcefield. He tries again at a run and is thrown back across the room) I fail to understand the value you place on my presence. I thought they were extinct. I am not, sir. Most intelligent lifeforms find involuntary confinement offensive and inequitable. Moreover, you have violated Federation law I must emphasize, Mister Fajo, that I consider this captivity a hostile act on your part. I have no reason to accede to Mister Fajo's wishes. Mister Fajo is deluding himself if he believes he can keep me here. The Enterprise is certain to find me. They will scan the debris and discover I was not aboard. Clearly, Mister Fajo has no moral difficulty with my imprisonment here. Do you? Yes. Are you my enemy? Why? Do you object to the question? It appears he has us both. [Ready room] I am a Starfleet officer. Even if I chose to do so, it is doubtful that my programming could be sufficiently altered to accede to your wishes. I have been designed with a fundamental respect for life in all its forms and a strong inhibition against causing harm to living beings. My skills seemed appropriate No, but I am programmed with the ability to use deadly force in the cause of defense. I would not participate in murder. Perhaps you misunderstand. You are a fine debater, sir. It is a pity you have used your verbal gifts for mere hucksterism and the advancement of your own greed. Your past does not excuse unethical or immoral behaviour, sir. I must decline. You may expect me to use every means at my disposal to resist your wishes. I do not intend to sit in the chair. It is a disruptor. The Varon-T disruptor is banned in the Federation. It is a most lethal weapon. It is doubtful you will destroy me since you assign so much value to possessing me. Fajo. (Data is sitting on the chair) [Beta Agni Two] (The three beam down onto rock ledges just above the water) The consequences if we are caught Perhaps I should attempt to communicate with the Enterprise. I am trained in evasive manoeuvres. You will surrender yourself to the authorities. I cannot permit this to continue. (He levels the disrupter at Fajo again) Yes, Commander. Please arrange to take Kivas Fajo into custody on charges of murder, kidnapping, theft. A Varon-T disruptor. It belongs to Fajo. Perhaps something occurred during transport, Commander. [Brig] I expected nothing. So it seems. Unlikely, sir. Your collection has been confiscated. All of your stolen possessions are being returned to their rightful owners. You have lost everything you value. No, sir, it does not. I do not feel pleasure. I am only an android. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I have been programmed to reproduce the individual musical styles of over three hundred concert violinists, including Heifetz, Menuhin, Grak-tay and Tataglia. Do you have a preference? I hope you find the performance pleasing. Yes. It is normally occupied by Captain Picard, Commander Riker, and Counsellor Troi. Half-Betazoid. Her father was human. Her skills are empathic in nature. She is able to sense the emotions of other beings. Extensive. The Captain's first diplomatic contact dates back to Do you foresee such a circumstance occurring? Is Ambassador Sarek unable to Captain Picard is not satisfied with Ki Mendrossen's assurances that the Ambassador is in good health. Do you consider Sarek capable of carrying out his mission? You have voiced certain reservations to me about his abilities. Not directly, no. But you did question me about the diplomatic capabilities of both Captain Picard and Counsellor Troi. Then you must decide which is your greater obligation. Your loyalty to Sarek or your duty to the Federation. Can you accept the logic of continuing this mission? Sakkath has been able, until recently, to use his telepathic skills to reinforce Sarek's emotional control, thus protecting others from the effects of his deterioration. The strain of this mission on Sarek has made it impossible. Sir, it is conceivable, even for me, that time will eventually lead to irreparable circuit failure. But there is one thing I do not understand. Sarek is a logical, intelligent being. The effects of Bendii Syndrome are apparent. Why would such a man choose to ignore them? Captain. Commander. Commander, the Legarans are ready to beam aboard.
Perhaps your telepathic abilities are ineffective owing to the anomalous construction of the Ferengi brain, which is composed of four different That is correct, sir. Although Commander La Forge and I designed the chip, Mister Crusher derived the equation governing its operation. Wesley, congratulations on passing your Starfleet written examination. An excellent achievement. There is no guarantee that Wesley will be reassigned to the Enterprise. Ninety one per cent of Starfleet graduates are not posted to Galaxy class starships on their first assignment. Is that not a part of the human experience? Growth and change? Initial scans of ionisation patterns complete, sir. Now correlating sensor readings. Actually, it is five point three four times ten to the forty first watts, sir. Well within the norm for this type of phenomena. Lieutenant Foley discovered this in the pond. (Tog's bouquet) The species is Zan Periculi. It is not indigenous to Betazed, but to Lappa Four. A Ferengi world. [Ready room] Do you wish to leave orbit, sir? Ferengi transmissions are routinely scrambled and encoded, sir. Without breaking the code, we will be unable to identify any specific Ferengi vessel. The repetitive nature of the subcarrier pattern would imply a modified [Turbolift] Mister Crusher is correct, sir. There is a temporal correlation.
Radiation levels within acceptable limits. (There is a man tumbled out the back of a shuttlecraft sized ship. The man has a badly burned face) I am picking up a scattering of debris in extended orbit around the planet. It reads as refined metals and other synthetic compounds. It will take time, sir. Downloading this into our system will require fabrication of a matrix translator to emulate the alien's computer system. Aye, sir. [Sickbay - room four] I agree Geordi. But the data matrix within the capsule does not correspond to any standard format. All we have been able to determine is that the device contains a chemically based system for molecular energy encoding. The compact shape does suggest a rapid chemical processing and storage capacity. An intriguing experiment. The capsule might provide us with information without the need to decode the storage medium itself. Perhaps we should examine your theory immediately. Are you suggesting that it employs memory RNA like an organic cell? Perhaps the information sequences are encoded in the molecular patterns themselves. It appears that your hypothesis was correct, Geordi. We have determined that the storage cube from John Doe's escape pod contains navigational information. Computer, run transformational matrix calculations. Match navigational referents to known stars in this sector. Computer, assume those paths are course corrections and derive gravitational values for stellar objects near those flight paths. Most of these are ordinary G-type stars. This would appear to be a neutron star, possibly a pulsar. Computer, assume these symbols are pulsars. Translate associated values into standard temporal notations. Computer, is there a pulsar with a rotational period of one point five two four four seconds within sensor range? That bearing is almost directly along our planned course, sir. Captain, the ship is travelling at warp nine point seven two. At present course and speed, ten hours fifty three minutes. Captain, on screen. Alien vessel approaching at half impulse, sir. Heading zero five one mark one one four. They are scanning us, Captain.
I am afraid I cannot answer that Wesley. And as you are a newcomer to the game, may I say it is inappropriate for you to ask. I will buy another card, Counsellor. Not necessarily. Commander Riker may be bluffing, Wesley. Early bird? I believe Commander Shelby erred. There is no evidence of avifaunal or crawling vermicular lifeforms on Jouret Four. That is a reasonable conclusion. Borg technology has given each member of their society the ability to interface and function collectively. It is likely they have constructed their ship with the same philosophy. One hour, seventeen minutes, sir. Uncertain, Commander, but the dimensions are precisely the same. Holding, sir. Still no damage to the Borg vessel, sir. (The Borg weapon cuts through the Enterprise like a hot knife through butter, almost.) Eleven dead, eight more unaccounted for, Captain. Eighty two percent dilithium hydroxyls. Magnesium, chromium. It should provide an effective screen against their sensors, Captain. Conceivably, the ship's power distribution nodes are vulnerable to those frequencies. Two hours, forty minutes and three seconds. At our first encounter, the Borg virtually ignored us when we beamed aboard their vessel. Clearly they did not consider our being there a threat to them. These appear to be some kind of power wave guide conduits which allow them to work collectively as they perform ship functions. Interesting metaphor, Doctor. What is your idea? Distribution nodes. We were unable to retrieve him, sir. Sir, The Captain has been altered by the Borg.
We were unable to retrieve him, sir. Sir, The Captain has been altered by the Borg. It has engaged the Borg at Wolf three fifty nine, sir. (Riker enters) Admiral Hanson on subspace, Captain. Thank you, sir. Doctor Crusher and I have been working on an interesting premise. Robots small enough to enter living cells. No active subspace fields. Negligible power readings. Negative, sir. It could indicate the course of the Borg ship, sir. Aye, Captain. (They switch on devices on their arms) [Battle bridge] Shuttle launch sequence confirmed. Departing Enterprise in exactly three seconds. [Borg ship] [Battle bridge] The shuttle escape transporter should provide enough power to beam us [Battle bridge] Firing shuttle thrusters. (The shuttlecraft goes back out through the Borg shield) [Battle bridge] Using multimodal reflection sorting, I have been able to detect a complex series of subspace signals between Locutus and the Borg ship. It is not just a matter of control, Doctor. The signals are interactive across a subspace domain similar to that of a Transporter beam. I would hypothesise that these frequencies form the basis of the Borg's collective consciousness. Possibly. But as you may recall on several occasions, we have witnessed the Borg removing key circuits from injured comrades, no doubt separating them from the group consciousness. That is correct, sir. Then perhaps there is a way I can access the machine, Doctor. [Sickbay] The initial cybernetic connection into Captain Picard's neural net pathways has been established. Mister O'Brien is ready to process the Borg signal through the transport pattern buffer. Proceeding immediately, sir. Data out. (Data has part of his hair removed to show various ports and flashing lights in his head. Picard is on the same platform Lal used. He is naked except for some tubes and implants) The neural link will be established in three stages. Doctor, I suggest you closely observe Captain Picard's lifesigns, while at each stage Chief O'Brien monitors my positronic matrix activity. Counsellor, hopefully, you will be able to determine whether I am reaching Captain Picard. I do not know. I have never done this before. Initiating first neural link. First neural connection is confirmed. I cannot report any significant access to the Borg consciousness. (And Troi shakes her head) [Bridge] (The cube is met by three ships, which are immediately destroyed) Second neural connection is confirmed. I still cannot report any significant access. Proceeding with the final link. Neural connections complete. I have access to the Borg subspace signals. Processing. Processing. Stand by. Processing. Processing. Fascinating. The Borg group consciousness is divided into subcommands necessary to carry out all functions. Defence, communication, navigation. They are all controlled by a root command implanted into each (Picard wakes up and tries to get out. Data restrains the mechanical arm, then pulls off the working 'hand' component.) Negative. The subspace signal configuration is unchanged. What is causing the increased neural activity is unclear. Sir, it is clear the Borg are either unwilling or unable to terminate their subspace links. It is conceivable, sir, but it would require altering the pathway from the root command [Bridge] What command shall I try to plant? [Bridge] Attempting to re-route subcommand paths, Captain. Defence systems are protected by access barriers. [Bridge] I am unable to penetrate defence systems command structure [Bridge] Attempting new power subcommand path. [Engineering] I cannot penetrate Borg power subcommand structure, sir. [Bridge] Yes, Doctor, but if I may make a supposition, I do not believe his message was intended to express fatigue but to suggest a course of action. [Bridge] I am attempting to penetrate the Borg regenerative subcommand path. It is a low priority system and may be accessible. I successfully planted a command into the Borg collective consciousness, sir. It misdirected them to believe it was time to regenerate. In effect, I put them all to sleep. [Bridge] We should also consider the advantages of further examination of the Borg and their vessel, sir.
Sir, may I remind you that during the Galen border conflict, it was a common tactic of the Talarians was to abandon their observation craft, rig them to self destruct That particular guerrilla manoeuvre resulted in two hundred and nineteen fatalities over a three day period. Negative, sir. The Talarians employ a subspace proximity detonator. It is not detectable by our scans. By matching DNA gene types, Starfleet was able to identify the boy as Jeremiah Rossa. She is his grandmother, Captain. He was born fourteen years ago on the Federation colony, Galen Four. His parents, Connor and Moira Rossa, were killed three years, nine months later when their colony was overrun by Talarian forces. The boy was listed as missing, presumed dead. The Talarians are a rigidly patriarchical society, sir. Q'Maire at station, holding steady at bearing zero one three, mark zero one five. Distance five oh six kilometres. Negative, sir. Talarian warships are limited to neutral particle weapons, high energy X-ray lasers and merculite rockets. No match for the Enterprise, Captain. If Endar respects Talarian custom, he may have to. According to their tradition, a male child of fourteen has reached the age of decision. He then undergoes a ceremony of initiation, after which he has the freedom to make his own choices. That is called a spoon. (Jono stabs the dessert through the heart with the spoon. Cream goes all over Wesley) I fail to understand why this is amusing. Comedy stressing farce and horseplay. Ah. This, no doubt, is a variation on pie in the face? No, sir, but I will take your word for it. It is very amusing.
They've been made fully aware of the situation, sir. Aye, sir. [Turbolift] Fortunately we are only two days from Starbase four one six, and their laboratory can isolate (Data acts as if he's listening to something only he can hear) Computer. Recognise Data, Lieutenant Commander. Alpha One clearance. Maintain minimum auxiliary power and disengage subspace communications. (doing a perfect imitation) Computer, recognise Picard, Jean-Luc. Alpha Two clearance. Cancel separation sequence. Isolate all remaining command functions and accept related orders and inquiries from main Bridge only. [Engineering] Computer, configure a perimeter field charge, sections Nine K through Twelve T. [Jefferies tube] (Fizz!) Computer, prepare to transport me directly to the following coordinates. Can you override? Show me the shortest route to Transporter room one. Computer, prepare to activate cascade force field sequence in the following progression. [Engineering] (imitating Picard) Computer, establish a security code for access to all functions previously transferred to Bridge. One seven three four six seven three two one four seven six Charlie three two seven eight nine seven seven seven six four three Tango seven three two Victor seven three one one seven eight eight eight seven three two four seven six seven eight nine seven six four three seven six. Lock. Computer, initiate cascade sequence, accepting instructions from Commander Data en route. (enters turbolift) Now. [Engineering] Intersection eight J, aft port. Establish. (Right on the noses of the team who arrive at the junction just after him) Computer, begin scan phase. (Worf's phaser shot is blocked. The forcefield moves with Data, pushing Worf and his team backwards) Computer, three metre cross seal. ((Riker O'Brien and a guard are trapped behind a forcefield. Riker pulls his phaser) I fail to recall how I arrived here. And who are you, sir? Data to Enterprise. Enterprise, do you read me? We were heading for a medical facility. I was taking the boy's brother to Sickbay and I must find a way to contact the Enterprise. You do bear a resemblance to Doctor Noonian Soong, the cyberneticist who constructed me. But, Doctor Soong was killed shortly afterward by the Crystalline Entity. (Soong goes back up the ladder, whizzes it along it's track and finds the book he wants) But the colony was destroyed. There were no survivors. It is really you. [Engineering] Sir? It was Starfleet officers who rescued me. What choice of vocation would have met with your approval, sir? To follow in your footsteps, as it were? May I ask you a question, sir? Why did you create me? Old things? There are many possible explanations. Perhaps, for humans, old things represent a tie to the past. Humans are mortal. They seem to need a sense of continuity. To give their lives meaning. A sense of purpose. I suppose it is a factor in the human desire to procreate. It is a reasonable explanation to your query, sir. Lore! I implore you, do not reactivate him. But he admitted to an alliance with the Crystal Entity. To gain its favour, he betrayed the colonists and would have betrayed the Enterprise as well had I not I had no alternative. You would have destroyed the Enterprise. Dying from what, sir? Lore told me the colonists envied him because you made him so completely human. Lore also told me the colonists petitioned you to replace him with a less perfect android. It was a lie. Another lie. I am not less perfect than Lore. I am not less perfect than Lore. I question your sincerity, Lore. But sir, Lore was responsible for He surprised me. What has happened here? Doctor. Doctor Soong. Lore, sir. He was inadvertently summoned here by the same signal which activated my homing circuitry. It seems that after nearly two years in interstellar space, he was I was unaware of having caused any inconvenience, sir. But sir, our medical facility may be able to May I say goodbye to Doctor Soong, sir? Alone, sir? (Riker and La Forge leave) Do you believe that we are in some ways alike, sir? Then it is alright for you to die, because I will remain alive. You know that I cannot grieve for you, sir. Goodbye, Father. Captain's log, Stardate 44091.1. We have been at Starbase four one six for three days. Young Willie Potts is responding well to treatment and has been returned to the Enterprise. [Corridor] Yes, sir. The boys appear to have reconciled their differences.
I have scanned the entire ship, Captain. Other than the Enterprise's regular complement, I can find no one else onboard. That is correct, Doctor. We can easily check the transporter ID traces. Aye, sir. (Data and Worf leave) Sir, Starbase one three three has no record at all of a Doctor Dalen Quaice. Not according to their computer. I have also accessed Starfleet records. There is no doctor currently serving in Starfleet named Quaice. In fact, I can find no service record whatsoever. There are no birth records with that name. I find no I do not doubt you, Doctor, but I have tried one hundred seventy three phonetic variations of the name, and I I am afraid ship's records do not concur. Doctor. You do not have a staff. Excuse me, Doctor, but the entire ship's complement is two hundred and thirty. Sir, I have completed level one computer diagnostics. There are no malfunctions. The Wellington is the only Federation vessel in this sector. It reports normal operations. A Ferengi ship within communications range also reports nothing unusual. Yes, Doctor. There are one hundred and fourteen people on the Enterprise. That is the exact number there should be. Transportation of colonists, diplomatic missions, emergency evacuations. Captain, approaching Starbase one three three. Captain, we have re-established exact coordinates and attitude.
I will raise you three. I will see your ten, and raise you twenty. It will cost you twenty to make that determination, sir. Yes sir, I believe I have. Your guidance is much valued, Counsellor. However. Eleven. Not at all, Counsellor. You surreptitiously placed the edge of your left thumb against the card. When you divided the deck to reshuffle, you kept that card on top. You thus were able to have me either save or discard, depending on the location of the card, which you followed at each step until we were left with just one. The card I originally chose. Sir, I believe under the circumstances (and Data gathers in the pile of poker chips) We will be entering the Turkana system in eleven minutes, Captain. Stable. But we have maintained warp factor nine for longer than is recommended, sir. Seven minutes and fifteen seconds will bring us within transporter range, Captain. We are now entering the Turkana system, sir. Visual contact. I am reading an ion trail characteristic of a freighter escape pod. That is exactly where the ion trail is leading, Commander. The last Federation vessel to make contact was the Potemkin, six years ago. They were warned that anyone transporting down to the colony would be killed. The surface settlement appears to be all but destroyed. Sensors show that the colonists now live in structures that extend nearly three kilometres beneath the city. The dispersion trail continues in this direction. The concentration gradient definitely increases along this vector. The escape pod was apparently moved into the tunnels ahead of us. (The people they meet take no obvious notice of them, but carry on with what they are doing) A former crewman was born here. She was killed in the line of duty. Welcome to the Enterprise, Ishara. I am Commander Data. I am an android. On what do you base that assumption? The Enterprise is not a ship of war. It is a ship of exploration. My orders are to escort you to the Observation Lounge. Please come with me. [Corridor] Your sister never spoke of you. It is surprising to me. Tasha and I spent much time together. We had a considerable number of conversations. Only to say that she was lucky to have escaped. Cowardice is a term that I have never heard applied to Tasha. No. It is just that for a moment, the expression on your face reminded me of her. A sensing device from the escape pod. It monitors the bioelectric signatures of the crew, in the event they get separated from the pod. She would have to be armed, sir. Tasha exists in our memories as well. Lieutenant Yar was killed on Vagra Two by a malevolent entity. No. She was killed as a demonstration of the creature's power, without provocation. What is this structure? Tactical station. Where Lieutenant Worf is now. Yes. She was especially close to Commander Riker and Lieutenant Worf. And to myself. Yes. Not as such. However, even among humans, friendship is sometimes less an emotional response and more a sense of familiarity. Exactly. As I experience certain sensory input patterns, my mental pathways become accustomed to them. The inputs eventually are anticipated, and even missed when absent. Yes, like your sister. [Engineering] We could remove the implant. A small force field containing xenon or another inert gas could be placed over the incision site. The explosive could possibly be disarmed at the same time it is removed. And Tasha did not? Thank you. I would like to consider you my friend as well. Ishara is willing to have the implant removed, sir. She also expressed a desire to leave the colony. She hopes to apply to the Academy and eventually join Starfleet. She claims to, Captain. Yes, Counsellor? We must free the crewmen. She appears to be our best hope of doing so. In addition, I have become used to her. [Bridge] Ishara. You are welcome. Doctor Crusher is expecting you in Sickbay. To what are you referring? But I do have something to gain from it. Your continued presence on this ship. Is something wrong? If you desire privacy, you may use the Observation lounge. Have you reconsidered your decision to stay with us? Ishara. What are you doing? The fusion generator is overloading. You are attempting to disable the defence system. For what reason? We have rescued the crewmen. The Federation will be responsible for the resulting deaths. I cannot allow that. That is not so. We will both be destroyed by the explosion. Was this your intention from the beginning? Our help was not deliberate. You deceived us. Your friendship with me was part of the deception, was it not? You misled me at each step, and yet I was completely unaware. My duty requires me to intercede. (Data dodges her phaser shot) Disabling the detection system so her forces could attack. What do you wish to talk about? [Transporter room] I am an android. It is not possible for me to be injured in that fashion. Energise. [Riker's quarters] Recent events have left me puzzled, sir. It has been days since Ishara left, and yet my thoughts seem to dwell on her. Almost as if I were experiencing a feedback loop in my mnemonic network. It is curious that I was so easily misled. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. Were you prepared, sir? Then it is better not to trust. And yet you put yourself at risk. Perhaps I am fortunate, sir, to be spared the emotional consequences.
No changes, Commander. I can detect no abnormalities in the star's radiant energy. Probes ready, Captain. The word excuses implies ulterior motives for a conflict. Channel is open, sir. Vorn responding to hail. The explosive was a triceron derivative. Only one race uses that device, sir. If true, it would represent a fundamental shift of power in the quadrant. If Lieutenant Worf resists, sir?
Sir. I find it interesting how much importance humans place on celebrating the day of their birth. A day they cannot possibly remember. It appears we are being probed, sir. The third planet of the Alpha Onias system. Our reports list it as presently uninhabited. Perhaps reports were incorrect, sir. Although Alpha Onias three is a class M planet, our survey teams have listed it as barren and inhospitable. No, sir, but we have traced residual energy readings to a cavern two kilometres beneath the surface. It is possible. Welcome back, Captain. We were not expecting to see you on the Bridge so soon. Do you remember, sir? On screen. Captain, we were expecting the Decius. There is no cause for alarm. Certainly, sir. Ambassador, you may find this of interest. These newly refined sensors are capable of pinpointing the power emissions of a cloaked warbird even at warp. [Ready room] (thinks) At warp one, in three days, four hours. Pardon me, sir. I am experiencing subspace interference which limits my abilities. I can't operate as quickly as I said I cannot operate Sir, I can explain if you would just give me a moment. There is no question about it, sir. It is his signal.
No, sir, we are out of range. Negative, Commander. Shuttlecraft has cleared the bay, sir. Scanning. Vessel reads as an unmanned sublight freighter. Indeterminate. Propulsion appears to employ a gaseous core fission reactor, but it is not functioning. No, sir. Engine reactor elements appear to have been inactive for approximately three hundred years. The vessel is carrying various unstable waste products. Precisely. Sir, the Meltasion asteroid belt lies between here and the sun. Structural integrity of the barge has been compromised. Disintegration is continuing. External radiation levels increasing, sir. At the rate the radiation levels are increasing, the hyronalin additive will only be effective for another thirty eight minutes. Fifty one minutes, fourteen seconds, sir. Tractor beam is holding. Shearing force, eighty metric tons per metre. Shearing force ninety two metric tons. Ninety three. Tractor beam is destabilising. Se are going to lose the barge, Commander. Shearing force is at one hundred three metric tons. Tractor beam is stable. Tractor beam is holding. We have cleared the asteroids, sir. It is definitely debris. The primary material is duranium, with smaller proportions of sonodanite and ermanium. Not necessarily, Doctor. There is far too little debris to account for an entire shuttlecraft. The only Class M planets in the system are Pentarus two and five, both of which have been thoroughly searched by the miners. Sir, there are also four moons in the Pentarus system that could support life. Lambda Paz, one of the moons of Pentarus three.
Uncertain. I have no unusual readings, Commander. [Troi's office] (at the door) An aggregate field of plane-polarised objects has just appeared. And disappeared. I have completed another full scan of the area, sir. There is no further indication of the anomaly. A resumption of our present course at warp six will place us in the T'lli Beta system in six days, thirteen hours, forty seven minutes. I have discovered, sir, a certain level of impatience when I calculate a lengthy time interval to the nearest second. However, if you wish All decks reporting minor injuries only. None, sir. Integrity field stress exceeding eighty two million kilodynes. Recommend immediate shutdown, sir. No other ship is indicated. Indeed, there are many races that are not empathically detectable. The Breen, the Ferengi, the Probe launch successful. Telemetry transmissions are being received. Expanding analysis parameters. Including Bayesian functions, broad EM and subspace spectrum polling. I am adding virtual particle trajectories. (now the image has things moving in it) Unknown. I am attempting to analyse motion pattern. Results still inconclusive. The probe's point of view reveals that the objects exist entirely in two dimensions, on a single plane. That is why the ship's forward sensors did not detect them initially. We were looking at them along their edge. There was no surface to read. I will illustrate. (the image of Enterprise rotates, and the things are on a line with the plane of the main saucer) The movement pattern within the cluster is not a naturally occurring phenomenon in the Newtonian sense. They appear to be alive. Integrity-field pressure has increased by two hundred seventeen percent, Captain. Sir, during our attempt to break away, I recorded a momentary alteration of the movement pattern within the cluster. Perhaps, but just for an instant. The pattern immediately returned to its previous dynamic. Aye, sir. Yes, Commander. Sensors are detecting highly accelerated interstellar gases. Uncertain, sir. The phenomenon is within visual range. It appears to be a cosmic string fragment. Only one hundred seven kilometres long. The two-dimensional beings seem to be caught in the gravitational pull of the string. Their course is taking them directly toward it. The entities offer no indication that they are aware of the string fragment, Captain. Their course and speed remain constant. It is unclear what affect a photon torpedo would have on a two-dimensional beings, sir. Probe has been launched. On screen. There is no change in the graviton field. The torpedoes are having no effect, sir. Matter-antimatter explosions appear to be ineffective, sir. [Troi's office] (Deanna is packing PADDs into a case) Possibly. However, the beings may perceive them as negligible noise rather than an attempt at communication. Negative. The nature of their movement suggests a simple order of intelligence. As I have no human instinct per se, I cannot advise you, Counsellor. I do not believe there is any way we can know for certain, Counsellor. The only evidence we have at present is the brief interruption in their movement pattern during our last attempt to break away. Otherwise their course and speed have been constant. Because the cluster is two-dimensional, I do not have enough direct evidence to support that assumption. However, it is the most reasonable hypothesis. It is unlikely they would intentionally move toward a destructive force. Pardon me? Please continue. If Counsellor Troi's supposition is correct, a replica of the string projected behind the cluster could induce them to reverse course, disrupting the graviton wake long enough for us to escape. I do not suggest simulating the gravitational field of the string fragment, rather the string's vibration. Frequency-scan detectors engaged. I am differentiating particle-emission signatures now. [Engineering] Sir, shear force turbulence is impairing our ability to create an accurate simulation. Electromagnetic and subspace wave fronts approaching synchronisation. Increasing by fifty percent.
Commander Riker, you are fifteen minutes early. Thank you, sir. I cannot become nervous, sir. However, I do sense a certain anticipation regarding my role in the wedding. All systems normal, sir. Sickbay reports that Lieutenant Juarez went into labour at zero four hundred hours. We remain at station awaiting the arrival of Starship Zhukov and guest quarters have been prepared for Ambassador T'Pel. Aye, sir. It is time for the wedding rehearsal. You do not wish to rehearse? May I ask why? Have your feelings for Chief O'Brien changed? Will cancelling the wedding make you happy? If you wish. [Ten Forward] I have good news. Keiko has made a decision designed to increase her happiness. She has cancelled the wedding. Energise. Welcome aboard the Enterprise, Ambassador. My hair does not require trimming, you lunkhead. My hair does not require trimming I am experimenting with friendly jibes and insults. It was not meant as a serious disparagement. No. Geordi, I am still confused by Chief O'Brien's reaction this morning. Cold feet? Jitters. A nervous reaction to an impending event of great importance. She will? So you believe the wedding will still proceed? Are you here to find a wedding gift? I would appreciate your help in selecting an appropriate item. This is a traditional gift? It is my understanding that the item selected should reflect the personality of whoever is giving it. This does not remind me of you. Have you ever been an actual participant in a human wedding? You would not consider it to be an honour? Dancing. [Sickbay] Doctor, may I ask a favour of you? Would you teach me how to dance? [Crusher's office] I would like to learn how to dance. It was in your service record. Awarded first prize tap and jazz competition, Saint Louis Academy. Have I said something to upset you? Then your answer is no. Of course, Doctor. Acknowledged. [Bridge] (T'Pel is with Picard) Captain, is there a specific area you wish me to study? Their ships are deployed to support a policy of confrontation designed to test Federation defenses along the Neutral Zone. I project a ninety percent probability that they will continue to support that policy. No, sir. Feline supplement seventy four. (he puts the bowl down and a hairy ginger cat eats it) Computer, run fluidic sensor diagnostic. (the cat jumps on his lap, and he strokes it) Come in. No. Would you care to sit down? May I offer you some refreshment, Chief? There is no need to apologise. I was not offended. Would you like a pillow or a more comfortable chair to sit upon? Perhaps you would like some music? Brahms? Aurelia? Would Counsellor Troi not be a more appropriate choice to speak with Keiko? I do not know what to say to her. Perhaps she has not fully analysed her decision. I will try. I believe you made an incorrect analysis of the facts at hand. You do not seem happy. Your decision was based on the assumption that cancelling the wedding would bring you happiness. This has proved to be incorrect. Since your action did not produce the desired results, the only advisable solution should be to re-examine your decision making process, and look for errors. That fact is not in dispute. However, you may have acted with undue haste and in doing so, unintentionally hurt Chief O'Brien's feelings. I am your friend. If I have offended. Chief O'Brien talks to me. Keiko talks to you. Why do they not talk to each other? Many aspects of this situation are puzzling to me. I have been studying various texts on the subject of marriage, but I have not found a suitable guide. In an effort to be helpful, I am attempting to calculate the variables involved in a successful marriage. There are many opinions. On Galvin Five, a marriage is considered successful only if children are produced within a year of the wedding. Andorian marriages require groups of four people unless But I am their friend. Should I not stand with them in a time of difficulty? Do you believe it to be the right decision for them to marry? To grow old together? That is an integral component of marriage? Although I am an android, I have not excluded the possibility that I, too, may someday marry. I believe I have much to offer a potential mate. However, we cannot grow old together because I will not grow old. Acknowledged. [T'Pel's quarters] (T'Pel is pacing when the doorbell chimes) That is correct, Ambassador. The code is valid. May I ask the purpose of your request? I have the same safeguards as the ship's computer. Therefore, I must report any inquiry regarding restricted information to the Captain. Your reaction suggests you do not wish the Captain to be informed of your inquiry. It appears to be quite suitable, Doctor. Am I dancing, Doctor? Doctor, perhaps it would be beneficial to show me the final lesson. Then I have successfully learned to dance? Thank you, Doctor. I am now prepared to dance at the wedding. Keiko's wedding. Is that important? Why? Sorry, Doctor. I cannot reproduce your performance if I cannot see your feet. Lead where, Doctor? And how is that accomplished? This is a very complex set of variables to coordinate, Doctor. I will. Thank you, Doctor. Computer, create dance partner. Female. Begin music. [Bridge] Commander. Sir, we have reached the designated coordinates. Captain, I am detecting a ship in the Neutral Zone. Configuration, Romulan warbird. Engaging computer override. Captain, there is no prior record of this type of accident occurring aboard a starship. Backup systems and safeguards are designed to prevent just such an occurrence. Aye, sir. That is not my purpose. I would like to examine the remains of Ambassador T'Pel left on the transporter pad. Have you compared the genetic code with the Ambassador's last recorded transporter ID traces? I could be chasing an untamed ornithoid without a cause. Can you postulate an explanation for the discrepancy? A supposition not supported by the transporter records. The only abnormality found during my investigation was a temporary increase in the matter to energy signal ratio. Due to the circumstances, I decided to investigate the possibility that a second transporter signal had caused the fluctuation. Although this was highly improbable, it was the only remaining theory. From the Devoras. While simultaneously, a small amount of genetically similar material was left in the Ambassador's place. Yes, sir. The Devoras is dropping out of warp, sir. Their weapon systems are powering up. Aye, sir. Keiko, I need your help. I have offended you and need to find a way to rectify my mistake. I am not sure what to do. I should not have interfered. It would be best if I apologised. But I am not nervous. I am confused. [Ten Forward] (Japanese music plays, Keiko is in traditional dress, everyone else in dress uniform. The happy couple both drink from a cup, then) I was looking for Doctor Crusher. The Juarez child? Very well. I have the Bridge. Begin night watch.
Captain, we are nearing the periphery of Sector twenty one five oh three. Delta evasion plan initiated. Direct hit, sir. Moderate damage to their aft shield generators. Multiple hits, sir. Power failure in forward shields. Accessing. Chief O'Brien served under his command aboard the Rutledge, sir. Captain, the Phoenix in Sector twenty one five oh five. It appears it be a Cardassian supply ship. Sir, the Cardassian warship is moving on the Phoenix. The warship is three hundred thousand kilometres from the Phoenix. It is opening fire. The Phoenix has taken a direct hit. The Phoenix is beginning evasive manoeuvres. It has positioned itself outside the weapons range of the opposing ship. The Phoenix has powered up both phasers and photon torpedoes. The Phoenix is firing photon torpedoes. (and one of the lights on the screen goes out) Sir, the Phoenix is firing on the (another light goes out) At our present speed of warp four, sixteen hours, forty four minutes. At our present speed, three hours, twenty minutes, sir. Captain, the Phoenix has changed course. Sir, the Phoenix is heading directly for a Cardassian vessel point one two light years from our location. Captain, the Phoenix has accelerated to warp nine. We will not be able to reach him before he intercepts the Cardassian ship. Sir, the Phoenix has dropped out of warp. They have reached the Cardassian vessel. Negative, sir. Their phaser banks are not armed. Our sensors are unable to determine status of the Cardassian defensive systems. Their ship is running with a high powered subspace field. Captain, the Phoenix is transferring power to its shields.
I don't. I don't know. Because a little thing affects them. A slight disorder of the stomach makes them cheats. You may be an undigested bit of beef, a blot of mustard, a crumb of cheese, a fragment of an underdone potato. Why, there's more of gravy than of grave about you, whatever you are. Humbug, I tell you. Humbug. (the ghost roars, and Scrooge cowers) Your courtesy is appreciated, sir. But I am aware that I do not effectively convey the fear called for in this scene. Sir, that is not an appropriate basis for an effective performance. Not by the standards set by my mentors. Yes, sir. I have studied the philosophies of virtually every known acting master. I find myself attracted to Stanislavsky, Adler, Garnav. Proponents of an acting technique known as the Method. [Corridor] (Patrick Stewart is a Method actor, by the way) Perhaps because the technique requires an actor to seek his own emotional awareness to understand the character he plays. Sir, I have modified the Method for my own uses. Since I have no emotional awareness to create a performance, I am attempting to use performance to create emotional awareness. I believe if I can learn to duplicate the fear of Ebenezer Scrooge, I will be one step closer to truly understanding humanity. She is a cornerstone of Ventaxian theology. It seems that Ardra came to Ventax Two and promised one thousand years of peace and prosperity, for a price. Upon her return, she would enslave the entire population. In Ventaxian culture, it is considered bad luck to speak We have scanned the tectonic stress patterns of your planet's crust. There is no evidence that the quakes pose any kind of threat. So you do purport to be the mythic figure Ardra? I have, sir. The contract agrees to deliver the people of Ventax Two into the personal servitude of Ardra after one thousand years of peace. I have compared the terms to the body of laws which govern the planet. The language of the agreement is correct in every detail, sir. I am an android. I'm afraid the contract could be interpreted in that way, sir. (The bemused helmsman returns) Captain's log, supplemental. Although I consider this woman's claim upon my ship to be an empty threat, it has further inspired my determination to expose her for the fraud she is. [Ready room] You wished to see me, sir? Barnum, sir. PT. Sir, do you believe Ardra is, to use the vernacular, a con artist? Sir, I must point out that the Ventaxians did have one thousand years of peace and tranquility as promised by Ardra. Indeed, sir. In the story, the spirits used fear to motivate Scrooge to reform his character. Sir, the language of the contract seems carefully chosen to avoid any loopholes. Aye, sir, [Picard's quarters] (Picard has fallen asleep with a book. He is woken by a strong breeze and sees Ardra standing there in a negligee. He's not wearing much more himself.) Sir, I believe I have found an obscure precedent in Ventaxian law which may be of interest. The case involves a contract dispute over services rendered by a Klingon craftsman on the construction of a Ventaxian home. Because the dispute involved an alien culture, the parties decided that arbitration rather than the courts, should resolve the issue. Both sides agreed to choose an arbiter. It is the only known case involving an alien claimant. Shuttlecraft One to Enterprise. Prepare for docking sequence I cannot locate the Enterprise anywhere within one light year of the planet, sir. Ardra, before he responds, may I have a word in private with Captain Picard? (she nods, and they cross the room) Sir, I request you reject me as arbitrator. Ardra is right. If I am chosen, I will perform my duties without bias or sentiment. I cannot guarantee I will deliver a verdict in your favour. Sir, I will have to follow the rules of conduct for a Ventaxian jurist. Captain Picard, my interpretation of Ventaxian law suggests under these circumstances, this is acceptable. Your objection is overruled. Sir, I have ruled. Please sit down. You may proceed. I find no cause to invalidate the contract at this time. The arbitration will continue. It is highly irregular to question the opposing advocate, but I see no reason to deny it. Proceed. Sustained. The advocate will refrain from expressing personal affections for her opponent. You are out of order. The advocate will refrain from making her opponent disappear. (Picard returns) Any more disruptions and I will rule you in contempt of court. Is that understood? Sustained. I will draw my own conclusions, if you do not mind. Sir. Rebuttal? Captain Picard, do you have any further evidence to present before I render judgment? (Geordi enters) Geordi. One hour recess is granted. (Data and Jared leave. Ardra tries to eavesdrop) I think he deserves some leeway. Overruled. But that will be quite enough, Captain. Your leeway has run out, Captain. With the advocate's withdrawal, the contract is hereby dissolved. This arbitration is adjourned. Congratulations, sir.
Long range sensors detect a T-tauri type star within a pocket of the Ngame cloud. [Hill's office] No, sir. However, the star's single planet falls within the M-class range. It is capable of supporting life. [Hill's office] Sensors indicate an energy fluctuation directly in our path. Source unknown. Very likely. Small and extremely unstable wormholes have been mapped near thirty nine T-tauri systems in the last one hundred years alone, sir. Captain! (Big swirly thing on viewscreen. When Data turns around everyone else is out cold. They wake up after the opening titles) Captain? Careful, Captain. The stun effect from the wormhole was relatively severe. Approximately thirty seconds. I have scanned the entire ship and detected no life-threatening injuries among the crew. No, sir. My positronic system is immune to the effect. This is the third unstable wormhole I have passed through during my time with Starfleet. The first was aboard the USS Trieste Sir, I should re-align the ship's clock with Starbase four ten's subspace signal to adjust for the time distortion. Yes, Captain. That was never actually a possibility. The wormhole's small size and relatively short period would make this a local phenomenon. The unpredictability of the wormhole would make an investigation a hazardous one. A probe launched from our current position would be more advisable. Coming in now, sir. The probe is within visual range of the planet. Sensors indicate a hydrogen-helium composition with a frozen helium core. It is possible the sensors were affected by interference from the wormhole, Commander. It is clearly not a class M planet. Aye, sir. It is conceivable that the sensors picked up the afterimage of an actual planet on the other side of the wormhole. We could survey the nearby stars for such a planet. It would require approximately six days, sir. Captain, I have a hypothesis. The twenty-second century physicist Pell Underhill conjectured that a major disruption in time continuity could be compensated for by trillions of counter reactions. That effect may have allowed Doctor Crusher's mosses to arrive at the other side of the worm hole with the unanticipated growth. True. Nevertheless, it is possible that the phenomenon could occur in matter at much higher levels of organisation, given the proper conditions. As you wish, Captain. (Data leaves) The long range and infra-red sensors apparently suffered ill effects as a result of the wormhole. We are presently checking neutrino and heavy particle detectors. It is a mystery, Captain. I am unable to answer that question, sir. As you wish, Captain. I know the way, sir. (but the lady security guard follows him anyway) Captain's log, supplemental. It has become clear that everyone aboard the Enterprise has lost an entire day. As the mystery of what actually occurred during those missing hours continues to deepen, so do my doubts about Commander Data. [Engineering] Have you forgotten, Geordi, that my sensory inputs are not programmed to experience pain? I am perfectly comfortable. I have noticed, however, that you appear a bit uncomfortable yourself. I cannot tell you anything beyond what I have already stated. Yes, sir. It is the planet our probe detected in the T-tauri system. I cannot verify that hypothesis. No, sir. Is she all right, sir? No, sir, I cannot. It is not by choice. I cannot say. Which would you place first, the welfare of a single individual or that of the entire crew? I am not saying that at all. I merely state a possible alternative explanation. I cannot answer that. I am apparently guilty of falsifying the Enterprise's records, of interfering with an investigation, of disobeying a direct order from my commanding officer. Your duty seems clear, sir. I realise that, sir. Yes, sir. I do. [Ready room] Counsellor Troi, what is it? (Troi does not speak with her own voice, but sounds more like a Bynar) You have returned. I was unable to prevent it. The Enterprise is not a threat to you. Give me more time. Our destruction would only (Geordi enters) One moment, if you would. (Geordi leaves) Do nothing. It may yet be possible to salvage the situation. [Bridge] Reporting as ordered, Captain. We must leave immediately, sir. Any further delay would put us all at grave risk. I cannot say. My silence is not by choice, sir. Geordi's examination was exemplary. I cannot answer that. We must leave, sir. You did, sir. No. We must vary shield shape and strength as rapidly as possible. Maximum shields will only speed the ship's takeover. The energy field will eventually penetrate our shields. There is no way to counter the Paxans' technology. We can delay their takeover but we cannot prevent it. You will only harm Counsellor Troi's body. They are xenophobes, sir. Isolationists. The Paxans terraformed a protoplanet in this system in order to better conceal their whereabouts. The apparent wormhole we experienced is actually a trap designed to keep out invaders. The energy field stuns everyone on board the invading vessel and places them in a state of biochemical stasis. The Paxans then take the ship out of their territory. Precisely. My positronic brain is a technology unknown to the Paxans. When I realised the crew was incapacitated, I initiated emergency procedures [Flashback - Bridge] Computer, engage emergency plan zed zed alpha. Computer, begin random fluctuation of shield frequency and modulation. Computer, release compound ADTH into the airflow system, five parts per million. The energy field is attempting to match shield frequencies, sir. Negative, sir. The field is also acting as a tractor beam. (and the lights go down) As a Starfleet officer, I am required to follow all of your orders, Captain. Completely, sir. We proceeded to erase all evidence of our encounter with the Paxans. I reset the computer's chronometer and the crew was again stunned into unconsciousness, their short-term memories erased. When they were revived a day later, the computer adjustments made it appear that only thirty seconds had passed. The effect from the wormhole was rather intense. Everyone but myself was rendered unconscious. My positronic system is immune to the effect. Thirty seconds, Sir. Yes, sir. The wormhole appears to have been a local phenomenon. Sir, it is likely the anomalous readings were the result of the wormhole's effect. It was extremely unstable. I would recommend against returning. It might put the Enterprise at further risk. That would certainly be sufficient, sir.
Chancellor. Minister. In a manner of speaking. The term artificial lifeform would be more accurate. No, Minister. He has not returned to our designated transport coordinates. We have continued to scan the capital city without success. [Ready room] (Picard pours some wine)
Commander, I am picking up some unusual readings from the Alpha Omicron system. At this range, all I am able to discern is that it is an asymmetrical field of intense energy. Unknown, sir. The Alpha Omicron system is yet to be charted. I recommend we take this opportunity for further research. The anomaly is orbiting the seventh planet, sir. It is a mass of plasma energy contained within discrete boundaries by an outer covering of silicates, actinides, and carbonaceous chondrites. None, sir. This has never been seen before. Sensors are having difficulty penetrating the interior. However, the radiated output suggests a coherent system of energy storage and utilisation. It is a possibility. However, the sensor data gathered thus far suggests a naturally occurring phenomenon with biological properties. Yes, Captain. Level-five probe sequence ready for launch, Commander. On your mark. (Troi enters) Aye, sir. PICARD: What would it be like, Counsellor? No ship, no bulky spacesuit. Just to live between the stars, have the entire galaxy as a home. (green energy sweeps out from the creature to the Enterprise) Change in readings, sir. The life form has increased its energy output by fifty percent. We are caught in an energy damping field, sir. No change in position. Radiation levels dropping back to normal, Captain. Energy patterns are breaking down, sir. The radiation signature is no longer stable. (the once-colourful alien goes dark) Energy output is negligible, sir. Radiation patterns no longer coherent. I believe it is dead, sir. Captain, sensors are picking up a new energy reading from the life form. There is a new concentration of ionising radiation growing in the centre of its body. This new concentration of energy was detected only after the surrounding material became inert. The radiation signature is similar to the original pattern, but with significant differences. I believe it is separate and self-contained within the body of the dead life form. Yes, sir. It appears to be a smaller, less developed version of the original creature. The first incision is complete. The life form's patterns are stable, Captain. It seems able to withstand the solar radiation. A change in energy readings, sir. I am reading an internal buildup of gamma particles in The creature is now in direct contact with the hull, sir. Sir, the life form is draining energy directly from the fusion reactors. I can attempt to extrapolate from the heading it was on when we encountered it, sir. Sir, is the appellation Junior to be the life form's official name? Captain, I have completed the analysis of the parent's course through this system. The asteroids contain large quantities of meklonite, which is interfering with our scanners. I am also detecting traces of kephneum, a compound found in the outer shell of the parent being. It is likely the asteroids provide sustenance for this lifeform, sir. Captain, the offspring is emitting high frequency radio transmissions. I am detecting other radio transmissions, Captain. At their current speed, sir, the entities will intercept us in ten minutes, thirty one seconds. Negative. I detect no reduction in the life form's rate of energy consumption. The lifeform is emitting its high frequency transmission. Energy consumption is rising, sir. Auxiliary generators losing power, Captain. (then everything goes quiet) The entity has disengaged, sir. Power levels are returning to normal, Captain. (on the viewscreen, Junior joins the three adults who drop their aggressive green colour and return to friendly brown)
The ship is intact, sir, with no indication of structural damage. All propulsion systems are shut down. The ship is drifting, sir. Inconclusive. There is no malfunction in any of the main systems, sir. (Riker finds the captain dead in her chair, something impaling her through the chest) Matter valves are open and operating. Magnetic containment of antimatter pods is constant. Injectors open. There is no engine activity at all, sir. Is there a problem, Ensign? Ready now, Captain. Captain, thrusters are losing power. No, sir. Apparently we do not. After analysing the sensor logs of the Brittain and the Enterprise, as well as the data from the last series of probes, I conclude that we have become trapped in a massive rupture in space, into which energy is absorbed. A rare anomaly named after Bela Tyken, the Melthusian captain who first encountered it. The ship's energy is being drained into the fissure before we can utilise it. (Worf enters) When Tyken was trapped in the rift, his analysis determined that a massive energy release might overload and dislocate the anomaly. Fortunately, his cargo included anicium and yurium, which he used to detonate the explosion. He then escaped through the ruptured centre of the rift. No, sir. We no longer have the power to reproduce complex elements in the replicator. We must find a way to generate a violent energy release without using conventional means. No. There were no reports of unusual conduct among the crew. There were no records of sleep disturbances of any kind, Counsellor. Commander La Forge and I have come up with a potential solution to our predicament. Perhaps the modifications used to increase firepower against the Borg could be effective here. Yes, sir. I believe that within six hours we could generate a concentrated burst of energy which might disrupt the Tyken's rift. Yes, sir? Yes, sir. I will do my best, sir. [Morgue] (Beverly has a medic with her) The Brittain, Doctor. I believe the Doctor means is that humans enter what is known as REM sleep. Rapid eye movement. It is the level of brain wave activity at which one dreams. The main deflector dish. Data to Bridge. Mister Worf, activate the deflector. Has been absorbed into the rift. No, sir. If we draw [Bridge] It is possible that this telepathic communication is creating interference in the REM sleep of other species. That would explain why the rest of our crew is not dreaming. Your hypothesis is certainly plausible. There may be another ship on the other side of the fissure, where we cannot detect it. There is no technology to block telepathic transmissions, Doctor. Perhaps we can accomplish more than that. If there is another ship, and we can reach them, we might be able to coordinate our efforts to free ourselves. Working together with the aliens, we must discover a means by which we an produce an explosion more intense than either one of us could achieve alone. These are the elements we have available. Some of them could be used in the creation of an explosive reaction. If we could communicate this inventory to the other ship, perhaps they would be able to I am uncertain if a simple transmission will be adequate. Yes, Counsellor. One electron circles one proton. This is a hydrogen atom. Perhaps the aliens are thinking as we are, to collaborate in producing an explosion. If hydrogen is combined with another element, calendenium for example, it is extremely volatile. But would the message mean they have hydrogen or they want hydrogen? Then the proper course of action would be to release hydrogen into the rift, and hope that they have a substance that will detonate it. If you are correct, Counsellor, I believe they have already told us what to do and are waiting for us to do it. When we are ready, the only message you should attempt to convey is, now. [Sickbay] You will have to communicate with the other ship within two minutes of entering REM sleep. We have only enough power to emit a hydrogen stream for that amount of time. They must understand that they will have to detonate it immediately. Captain, we are ready to implement the plan. We will have to draw power from the life-support systems in order to discharge the collectors. This is Acting Captain Data. All personnel will report to designated shelter areas [Ten Forward] Thank you, Doctor. Activating Bussard collectors. (red hydrogen streams out into the rift) [Nightmare] Ninety seconds remaining. [Nightmare] Forty five seconds remaining. [Nightmare] Thirty seconds remaining. [Nightmare] Ten seconds remaining. (and the hydrogen runs out) The Counsellor was unsuccessful. (then the firework display starts up on the viewscreen, and the lights come up to full strength) Engines activated, sir. (As the Enterprise rushes away, another ship, mostly lights, flies in the opposite direction) [Bridge] We have cleared the rift, sir. Warp engines are coming back online. Setting a course for Starbase two twenty. Sir, as my final duty as Acting Captain, I order you to bed. I shall do the same for all personnel. Pleasant dreams, sir. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
The shuttle's acceleration is increasing. Its trajectory is moving directly into the planet's atmosphere. He will reach an atmospheric interface at an altitude of two hundred and ten kilometres. That is correct, Commander. Fifty three seconds, sir. The shuttle is approaching the outer thermosphere, Captain. At current rate of acceleration, the shuttle will be destroyed in twenty eight seconds. Sixteen seconds to impact. The shuttle's entering the lower ionosphere, sir. (bang) No life signs, Commander. During microscopic examination of the torn uniform, I discovered these alien skin cells. Undetermined. Fortunately, we have more evidence. We were able to determine that these footprints found near the shuttle were not made by any known Tarchannen life form. The planet is subject to frequent sandstorms. Footprints might have been obliterated prior to your arrival. Doctor Crusher and I will begin to search the medical database in an attempt to match these with some known life form. [Turbolift] I am aware of that, Doctor. However, I can see no other reasonable course of investigation available to us. And we may not have much time. I am an android. It is not possible Starfleet personnel have vanished. Others may be at risk. We must do the best we can to find out why. However, I am strongly motivated to solve this mystery. [Engineering] (Geordi is watching the sensor log, and Susanna is increasingly jumpy) Geordi. May I inquire how your investigation is proceeding? Have you attempted an audio analysis? There is no need for an apology. Perhaps if you indulged in a brief rest period, you would be able to approach this problem with a fresh point of view. May I can assist you? Negative, Commander. Nothing in our survey suggests the source of a parasitic infection. I am showing no transporter activity. Captain, the security lockout on Transporter room six has been broken. I cannot, sir. The transporter cycle has already begun. Captain's log, stardate 44668.1. Doctor Crusher's research indicates that we have less than an hour before Commander La Forge's transformation becomes irreversible. However, all attempts to locate him on the surface have failed. [Bridge] Captain, if we can get close enough to Geordi, we can read his absorption spectrum with an ultraviolet light. Yes, sir. I must replace the emitter module and reconnect the power supply. It will take approximately two minutes to complete the modification, sir. I have completed modifications, Commander.
Lieutenant Barclay's performance was adequate, but clearly not rooted in The Method approach. I do not understand why. They do not seem to be functioning at all, sir. No, sir. Power emissions do not match any known radiation patterns. We have not encountered this technology before, sir. Captain, sensors are reading no particulate emissions or subspace field distortions. Method of propulsion is unknown, sir. Captain, an energy field is forming around the device. Intensity is three point two terawatts and increasing. The probe's field intensity is continuing to build, sir. We are in danger. Captain, the probe's energy output is overloading our shields. Failure anticipated in forty seven seconds. A standard isolation procedure would be advisable. An interesting suggestion, Lieutenant. However, that approach would require much more time than our original plan. At least seven weeks. Reactor Nine will reach critical in ten minutes, forty three seconds. The subsequent explosion will create a chain reaction along the entire length of the Array, sir. Argus reactor nine twenty eight seconds to critical. Twelve seconds to critical. Captain, the Argus reactors are shutting down. We are no longer in danger, sir. Unknown, sir. Lieutenant Barclay has not yet extended himself into the Engineering subsystems. It may be possible to establish an ODN bypass directly to the Bridge. This disturbance is the result of a highly charged graviton field emanating from our warp nacelles. It is creating a severe bias in the subspace continuum. I have been monitoring Geordi's progress. It will be operational in seventeen minutes. Captain, we have not regained control of the propulsion systems. The ODN bypass to the Bridge has been blocked. We are experiencing a quantum-model oscillation delay, doubling in intensity every twelve point three seconds. Bio-cellular disruption is imminent. Captain, all systems are back under helm control. The computer has returned to normal functioning. (a giant white-haired and bearded male humanoid head appears in front of the viewscreen)
How do you do. On the contrary, Lieutenant Worf. Your clothing identifies you with the character of Will Scarlett, just as Geordi's mandolin identifies him as Alan A-Dale Perhaps you are referring to the rescue of Maid Marian from Nottingham Castle? The arrow impacted just above my sixth intercostal support, penetrating my secondary subprocessor. Fortunately, none of my biofunctions seem affected. Do not be concerned, Counsellor. I believe your aim is improving.
At the rate the levels are decreasing, we will gain entry in forty nine hours, Captain. Slow motion study of the explosion suggests that the articulation frame collapsed. Other evidence lends credence to that theory, Captain. A review of the sensor logs indicates that every systems reading was well within normal parameters until fifty two milliseconds before the explosion. We have made micro-tomographic analyses of the dilithium chamber, the hatch mounting, the blast pattern from the explosion. Those fractures suggest nothing more than simple neutron fatigue. I would speculate that when the engine was last inspected at McKinley station, the hatch casing was replaced with one which had an undetectable defect. I believe, sir, that the conclusion to our investigation must be that the explosion was not intentional. Captain, warp engines are back online. We are ready to commence restart sequences. Sir?
The modifications that you have made to the torpedo's guidance systems are remarkable, Doctor. It is true that the intellectual efficiency of high order beings does diminish proportionately with the deprivation of nutritious fuel or Tracking torpedoes. Entry programme confirmed. Pressure wave harmonics dispersing. Temperature in target zone increasing to eighty one million degrees, sir. Radiation and pressure levels still stable. Turbulence patterns are within predicted parameters. [Engineering] (Composite sensor analysis 4077 display) Temperature is rising in the core again, Captain. Two hundred and thirty million degrees Kelvin. Rate exceeding critical level. Core density is becoming unstable. The people of Kaelon Two are isolationists, almost to the point of being xenophobes. Regrettably, we know very little about their customs. There was a evidence of a delayed surface shock. Perhaps, Doctor, but there is no known method for controlling a neutron migration. They refuse to accept further reports from you, Doctor.
Ambassador Odan, Doctor Crusher. I was just on my way to speak to you. I have completed my study on the atmospheric variations which have occurred on the moon since the new technology was implemented. I could go over it with you now. It would not require more than two hours. Then it is perfect timing, Doctor. What better occasion to integrate my results into your study? At least an hour, but I do not believe much time can be saved by exhibiting such haste now. I hope Doctor Crusher was able to help you with your headache. My design models suggest that Beta will eventually experience rising temperatures, erratic tide surges and in general the beginnings of global warming. Initiate shuttle preflight sequence. Shuttle has cleared the bay door. Would it be possible for me to serve as a temporary carrier? Sir, it could take more than two hours to reach the vessel.
Welcome back, Geordi. How was the seminar? It is fortunate we were able to coordinate your return on the Teldarian cruiser. I am sorry to hear you did not enjoy yourself. Joking? Ah. Forced to endure Risa. Your actual intent was to emphasise that you did enjoy yourself. Yes, I see how that could be considered quite amusing. Commander Riker. Our sensors have detected a brief energy fluctuation in the E-band. Unknown, sir. E-band emissions are difficult to localise. Yes, sir. However, there are no protostars in this sector. Yes, sir. [Corridor] Energy flow is within normal parameters, from the pre-fire chamber to the emission aperture. Energy cell usage remains constant at one point oh five megajoules per second. Curious. The efficiency reading on the discharge crystal is well above Starfleet specifications. Our most efficient discharge crystal typically fires with eighty six point five percent efficiency. Pulse frequency out of pre-fire chamber reads steady. That might suggest that the weapon has been charged with a forced pulse, well into the terahertz range. Three hundred twenty seven, to our knowledge. We can probably achieve an exact match with a random computer search. It will take approximately three hours. Yes, sir. However, the difference in intensity indicates that this one did not originate from the same location as the first. That is a reasonable assumption. Not to my knowledge, sir. We can reconfigure the primary sensor array. If we narrow their focus to scan for E-band emissions, we might be able to calculate a directional vector. But only if there are more occurrences. Sensors confirm an unauthorised transporter beam at eleven twenty three hours. The primary plasma system does not indicate a power drain from any of the transporters. Tracking power from secondary systems. No surges to any of the transporters indicated. No abnormal surges indicated. Cargo bay four. Perhaps the perpetrator reprogrammed the memory chips to erase any record. I was on the Bridge at my station. The erasures were complete. However, an analysis of the subatomic structure revealed an almost undetectable residual pattern. In time, we may be able to reconstruct the perpetrator's authorisation code. Yes, Commander. Acknowledged, I will be there shortly. We have been picking up a curious intermittent blip. Commander Riker has speculated that it may be a Romulan transmission. I am attempting to track its source. The first and third E-band blips were clearly generated on board the ship. The second came from the planet surface. Unknown, sir. One could speculate that the E-band is being used for some form of covert communication. Yes, sir. Computer, run an analysis of all known Romulan transmission formats, all bands, Identify any commonalities with displayed waveform. Does this waveform match that of any known communication format? Broaden search pattern beyond communications. Does the waveform displayed conform to any natural phenomena, cryptographic formats or lifeform EM emissions? As in a human brainwave pattern? What kind of receiver would be capable of processing these signals? Computer, link with the shuttle's onboard system. Access the isolinear storage assembly. Scan all chips which contain mission logs. Note any discrepancies. Perform a level 5 diagnostic on the shuttle's power and navigational systems. Computer, scan the shuttle's structural integrity. Probable cause of these variations? Computer, I am reading anomalous variations in the molecular structure of these memory chips. Please confirm. Probable cause? Compare these variations with established Romulan replication patterns. Report, please. Geordi. [Cargo bay] Computer, current location of Commander La Forge? Data to Lieutenant Worf. [Cargo bay] Take Commander La Forge into custody immediately. [Cargo bay] That is an order. [Cargo bay] (from his vantage point up a ladder, Worf sees Geordi slowly walking towards Picard and the Klingons) I believe I can help, Captain. I have been able to determine that Commander La Forge was abducted by Romulans en route to Risa. It is likely that he was somehow forced to take part in the plot to assassinate Governor Vagh. No, sir, you did not. I do not believe the Commander is acting of his own accord. He has been receiving E-band signals through his visor. Signals which are carrying direct commands to his brain. I have surmised that Commander La Forge was conditioned by Romulans, a process referred to historically, and somewhat inaccurately, as brainwashing. No, sir. That is not possible. The signals had to be transmitted within close proximity to the visor. Yes, sir, I am. I have narrowed the list of possibilities to two people. The only two people who were with Commander La Forge all three times a transmission was recorded. Captain Picard and Ambassador Kell. One of them may be concealing an E-band transmitter. If they would agree to be searched
The initial dispersal pattern should not be more than seven kilometres in diameter. Jenna? That should suffice. Is there something occupying your thoughts, Jenna? You seem somewhat subdued today. What was your response? As you requested, I will now remind you of the reasons you decided to end your relationship with Jeff. You objected to the fact that he seemed unwilling to set aside sufficient time for you. You said he was unresponsive, that he never did the little things. You disliked the sound he made when he ate his soup. This is the third time I have refreshed your memory. Do you wish to rescind our agreement? Throughout history, many lovers have suffered the same difficulty. Anne Boleyn was quite distressed that Henry the Eighth preferred the company of his huntsmen over that of his wife. Six weeks ago, when you and Jeff dissolved your relationship, I saw an excellent opportunity to study that aspect of human intimacy. As your friend, it is my responsibility to be supportive in times of need. Data to Bridge. We are ready [Bridge] Is anything wrong? I do not believe that is so. Your rhythmic control has improved markedly. I heard no fluctuations during the performance. The contrapuntal nature of the composition is most demanding. We will give more attention to the rhythmic patterns at our next rehearsal. However, I am quite certain the audience was oblivious to such nuances. They seemed to enjoy the performance thoroughly. I believe I observed that you seem to have an aversion to orderliness. But it was not intended as a humourous remark. And a very good job of it I did of it, too. (and Jenna hangs onto his arm, and gazes at him like Keiko gazes at Miles) [Bridge] I am nearly finished compiling readings from our most recent illuminatory burst. Dark matter density is nearly one order of magnitude higher than in similar nebulae. Life forms here may have developed in ways never before observed. Several, sir. The nearest is approximately three light hours from our present position. Children often do not develop discerning palettes until well beyond adolescence. The unidirectional nature of the time continuum makes that an unlikely possibility. That is not true. I have no human feelings. Permission granted. (she gives him a kiss on the cheek) Eighty seven percent Saurian Brandy. Targ milk and Danisian mead comprise the rest. There is an unusually high concentration of fructose compounds and monosaccharides. Lieutenant D'Sora just gave me what could be considered a very passionate kiss in the torpedo bay. I was intrigued. Jenna seemed to be displaying genuine affection for me. I find her to be a competent officer. Highly motivated, though somewhat lacking in her understanding of the theory underlying the dilithium matrix application. I look forward to the time we spend together. I do not know. I have no experience in such matters. I require advice. But I am not capable of love. Thank you. The door sensor is programmed to recognise only humanoid forms for entry and egress. Spot could not have triggered the mechanism. [Data's quarters] It does not appear so. Computer, has anyone been in my quarters in the last twelve hours other than Commander La Forge and myself? Geordi, may I ask your advice in a personal matter? Should I pursue a relationship with Lieutenant D'Sora? They have discontinued their association. She has made the first move in initiating a relationship with me. What should I do? Then you do not believe I should pursue this any further. I have studied much human literature on the subject of love and romantic liaisons. There are many role models for me to emulate. My programming may be inadequate to the task. I understand. [Observation lounge] Jenna has clearly demonstrated how she feels about me, but I am not capable of returning those feelings. I cannot be hurt. But she can. How far, sir? Thank you, Commander. [Bridge] Captain, I am seeking advice in how A variety of crystilia. Their fragrance is an evolutionary response to the acrid nature of the atmosphere on Telemarius Four. It seems your quarters have reverted to their earlier state of disorder. Commander Riker suggested this particular flower. He said it had worked for him in the past. (Data holds out his arms for an embrace) No. In actuality, less than one percent of the Enterprise crew was involved. It was necessary to balance theory with experiential referents. Both are required for a programme of this nature. Computer, decrease illumination level by one third standard lux. (he clears the sofa then puts out an arm. She is meant to snuggle into it) Yes. One which I have just created for romantic relationships. You are much more than that, Jenna. I have written a subroutine specifically for you. A programme within the programme. I have devoted a considerable share of my internal resources to its development. We will reach the class M planet in approximately eleven hours, sir. Enter. (Jenna is carrying a sculpture) You are correct. I did not anticipate your arrival until nineteen hundred hours. You have often expressed dissatisfaction with the spartan nature of my quarters. Is this an attempt at embellishment? Spot? Its line is both fluid and formal, yet retains an unpremeditated quality. The tactility of its surface embellishment is evocative of the neo-primitive period in Tyrinean blade carving. As you wish. (he returns to his painting) Yes? I should not have resumed my painting? Despite your suggestion that I continue? I have much to learn. Perhaps if I looked for a suitable place to display it? The ambient light in this location accentuates its contours. However, a gift should not necessarily be placed according to aesthetic criteria. A more central location will carry added meaning. The lateral EM scanners register radiation levels indicative of a class-M planet. Sir. (a planet pops into view) Captain. Standard air pressure has been reestablished in the Observation lounge. I detect no unusual readings along standard parameters. Curious. The transparent aluminum alloy of this window is exhibiting a pattern of transient electrical currents. I have none. The rate is characteristic of a subspace distortion, but I am picking up no evidence of a subspace field. Honey? I'm home. Hi. Negative. We found no malfunctions. May I get you a drink, dear? Excellent choice. I'll join you. Computer, two Calaman sherries. Would you care for some dinner as well? Whatever you wish, dear. There we are. (he stops her from taking a drink) Darling, you remain as aesthetically pleasing as the first day we met. I believe I am the most fortunate sentient in this sector of the galaxy. Now, you relax. Put your feet up and I will take care of everything. (Data starts by picking up her discarded clothing) I could organise your closets for you. I have found that by grouping apparel first by function, and then by colour from light to dark, one can more easily find one's desired choice. But I am happy to do it. What do you wish me to do, dear? Am I not paying enough attention to you? Perhaps I am not giving you enough compliments? Your hair is looking particularly silky tonight. Am I not behaving as a solicitous mate? Tending to your every need? My most recent self-diagnostic revealed no malfunctions. Perhaps there is something wrong with you. You don't tell me how to behave. You're not my mother. You are not my mother. That is the appropriate response for your statement that I am behaving foolishly. You do not wish to continue our lovers quarrel? In my study of interpersonal dynamics, I have found that conflict followed by emotional release often strengthens the connection between two people. With regard to romantic relationships, there is no real me. I am drawing upon various cultural and literary sources to help define my role. In that particular moment, I was reconfiguring the warp field parameters, analysing the collected works of Charles Dickens, calculating the maximum pressure I could safely apply to your lips, considering a new food supplement for Spot. We can only state that a subspace effect seems to exist within this nebula. After I have made further analysis, I may be able to adjust the ship's sensors to locate and identify the anomaly. Captain. (energy travels across science one) During the last occurrence, I was able to confirm one of my hypotheses. The unusual preponderance of dark matter in this nebula is causing small gaps in the fabric of normal space. As the Enterprise moves through this nebula, it is colliding with these deformations. Or when one of them hits us. My readings suggest that the deformations themselves are in motion. Yes, sir, but only at extremely close range. Even at minimal speed, it would be almost impossible to manoeuvre the Enterprise quickly enough to avoid them. Main coupling is matching navigational inputs, Captain. Transceiver signal is down forty two percent. Navigational inputs are not registering. Commander, the shuttle is out of control. Sir, the shuttle's inertial dampeners have failed. It is breaking up. Commander, we are nearing the perimeter. One million kilometres away. Enter. (Jenna enters, in casual clothes) Hi. Thank you. It is much less Spartan, is it not? Jenna, you are repeating yourself. I have often found this to be indicative of mental distraction. Is that a correct assumption in this instance? Then perhaps we should begin our meal. Among humans, a low serum glucose level is often responsible for What is the subject? Yes? Are you currently experiencing this phenomenon? There does appear to be a recurring motif. It is not? That is a valid projection. It is apparent that my reach has exceeded my grasp in this particular area. I am perhaps not nearly so human as I aspire to become. If you are ready to eat, I will bring our meal. As you wish. Jenna. Are we no longer a couple? Then I will delete the appropriate programme. Hello, Spot. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Aye, sir. Do you also require the original logs recorded during the attack, Lieutenant? We can provide you with our analysis of the communications between the Khitomer outpost and the Romulan ships. However, for a complete record you will have to contact Starbase twenty four A second ship has joined the attack on the Bortas. The Bortas has lost her port shields, sir. It is unlikely they will withstand another hit at that quarter. Their primary life support has failed, sir.
Aye, sir. May I ask a question, sir, of a personal nature? I am confused. Why have I not been assigned to command a ship in the fleet, sir? You have commented on the lack of senior officers available for this mission. I believe my twenty six years of Starfleet service qualifies me for such a post. However, if you do not believe the time has arrived for an android to command a starship, perhaps I should address myself to improving my Thank you, sir. [Klingon bar] (fun seems to involve butting boney foreheads together or just trading punches. Arm wresting is made more interesting with the threat of the loser's hand being impaled on a dagger) I am Lieutenant Commander Data. By order of Starfleet, I hereby take command of this vessel. Please note the time and date in the ship's log. May I ask why? Your service record to date suggests that you would perform that function adequately. Why? I understand your concerns. Request denied. [Bridge] All stop. Notify the flagship that we have assumed station. Why are the backups not functioning? You have taken the phaser and torpedo control units offline. Mister Hobson, it is inappropriate for you to determine a course of action without consulting the commanding officer. You will take the phasers and torpedo units offline and begin repairs of the starboard power coupling. Acknowledge the signal. Ensign, lay in the course and engage at warp nine point three. In disrupting the detection net, the Romulans may have caused a residual tachyon signature to form around their own ships. All stop. The tachyon signatures will not last long. By the time the fleet is deployed, it will be too late. Begin to reconfigure the sensors to detect ionised particle traces. I am aware of the difficulties. Please bring the phasers back online. We will initiate radiation protocol when necessary. Mister Hobson! You will carry out my orders or I will relieve you of duty. Display sensor schematic. Display sensor sweep, maximum range. Overlay display with tachyon emissions. Highlight any tachyon signatures which show subspace inertial displacement. Concentrate a sensor sweep in that area. (four targets emerge) Reconfigure photon torpedo warhead yields. Set for high energy burst level six. Do it! Stand by, Captain. Mister Hobson, prepare to fire. Fire. Fire! (and three green meanies are briefly illuminated) [Romulan command centre] Make a full report to the flagship. Take the main phasers offline and begin radiation clean up on the affected decks. Captain, I wish to submit myself for disciplinary action. I have disobeyed a direct order from a superior officer. Although the result of my actions proved positive, the ends cannot justify the means. Sir. [Great Hall]
The signal is a standard mathematical progression. It does not carry a specific message. Federation vessels have encountered Tamarian ships seven times over the past one hundred years. Each meeting went without incident, however formal relations were not established because communication was not possible. The Children of Tama were called incomprehensible by Captain Silvestri of the Shiku Maru. Other accounts were comparable. The Tamarian seems to be stating the proper names of individuals and locations. I am at a loss, sir. The Tamarians have transported Captain Picard to the planet surface along with their own captain. It will not be possible to transport, sir. The Tamarian ship has created a particle scattering field on the planet's ionosphere. No, sir. The Tamarians are projecting a particle sustaining beam into the upper atmosphere. The result is a hyperionisation that virtually disrupts all EM and subspace carriers. That is correct. However, they have left sensor frequencies clear. Sensors show Captain Picard and the Tamarian in apparent good health, approximately twenty metres from each other. Not without further study. Sir, the Tamarians are fully capable of stopping a shuttle. Commander, the shuttle has reached the E region of the planet's ionosphere. The scattering layer induced by the Tamarians is concentrated in the upper D region. The shuttle will reach that area in approximately two minutes. Unchanged, sir. They appear to be making no attempt to stop us. Commander. I am reading a power surge in the Tamarian plasma reactor. Commander, the shuttle has been hit. The starboard nacelle has been rendered inoperable. Yes, sir. The phaser pulse appears to have been carefully attenuated for just that effect. As I have said, with further study it may be possible Freeze. Darmok. The apparent emotional dynamic does seem to support that assumption. As with the other terms used by the Tamarian, this appears to be a proper noun. The name clearly carries a meaning for them. I have encountered one thousand, seven hundred fifty four non-human races during my tenure with Starfleet. Correct. Replay at time index one four four. Freeze. Computer, search for the term Tanagra. All databases. The Tamarian ego structure does not seem to allow what we normally think of as self-identity. Their ability to abstract is highly unusual. They seem to communicate through narrative imagery by reference to the individuals and places which appear in their mytho-historical accounts. No, sir. The situation is analogous to understanding the grammar of a language but none of the vocabulary. It is necessary for us to learn the narrative from which the Tamarians drawing their imagery. Given our current relations, that does not appear likely. [Planet surface] (Night has fallen, a fire is lit and Dathon is lying down.) Commander. The Tamarian's bioscan is becoming unreadable. He may be dead, sir. Sir, sensors are tracking the entity. It is approaching Captain Picard's position. [Planet surface] (Picard has laid out Dathon, with his dagger, when he hears the beast roar,) Nine metres and closing. The energy output of the entity has doubled, Commander. Six metres. Scattering field is down, sir. That may not be possible, sir. The starboard nacelle sustained a direct hit. Warp engines are offline. Commander, we cannot survive another hit. (Picard enters.) Power has been restored, sir. (Transmission ends.)
Twenty six minutes, Captain. There are dozens of Bajoran camps on the three class-M planets. I suggest we may want to begin on Valo Three, where an adhoc leader named Jas Holza lives. The Federation has had several dealings with him. Sir. Ensign, whom do you suggest we speak to? Aye, sir. (Data leaves) Computer, locate Ensign Ro. I am picking up molecular displacement traces. That suggests movement through this area during the last ten hours. Data to Picard. Data to Worf. (Data and Troi go off in the same direction as Worf and Picard. They run into Bajorans) Perhaps someone wanted to draw us into the conflict. Aye, sir. (later) I am monitoring increased activity inside Cardassian space. Two ships are moving along the border heading one four two mark zero five one. They are moving into a course parallel to our own, Captain. The Cardassian ships are changing course, sir. They are crossing the border. Subspace signal coming from Starfleet, Captain. Admiral Kennelly. It is on a secure channel, sir. In your ready room?
I do not recognise the sound. I believe it is coming from above. (something passes in front of the sun and the wind picks up) Subterranean caverns to the east, sir. Doctor. (Data and Crusher run off) The refractory metal in the rock formations may act as an effective barrier. Commander, the refractory metals in the rock strata may also interfere with communication. I am not entirely certain they will, sir. It has been over an hour since we heard the Entity, sir. It may be gone. Doctor, I ran a full spectrographic analysis, section by section. Trace elements confirm that it is the same entity which destroyed the colony at Omicron Theta. Doctor, the cave in which we hid was made of rock which contained heavy concentrations of kelbonite and fistrium. We surmise that the Entity was unable to penetrate that barrier. Yes, sir. Doctor, there is evidence of residual bitrious matter in the soil. It was not present before the Entity's attack. (she keeps walking away, scanning) Doctor? Doctor Marr, you have made it clear that my presence disturbs you. However, I do not see how we can achieve our task if you continue to ignore me. Then I do not understand your lack of interest in the bitrious filament I mentioned. As I have speculated, the presence of refractory metals Were those caves laced with kelbonite or fistrium? Then perhaps the combination of the two metals prevented the Entity from I do not understand. I cannot see what effect my being here would have had Do you believe that I lured the Entity here? No, Doctor. Because Lore betrayed the colonists on Omicron Theta, you believe that I am capable of the same behaviour. You are mistaken, Doctor. My programming is distinctly different from Lore's. I do understand, and I am attempting to explain to you it is impossible. That is true, Doctor. Yes, Doctor. Were you expecting a different result this time, Doctor? Doctor, have you ever scanned your samples for gamma radiation? We are seeing high energy reactions that may show up in a gamma scan. If the Entity left a residual trace of antiproton in the samples we collected, a gamma radiation scan would reveal that. If we try a logarithmic scale, we will have better resolution. Yes. Doctor? The thanks actually go to Doctor Clendenning on Omicron Theta who did the first experiments with gamma scans. That is correct. But I possess much of his knowledge. He was working on new detectors at the time of the attack on Omicron Theta. [Turbolift] It is true, Doctor. The contents of their logs and journals were transferred into my memory cells. The man who created me also experimented with scanning the synaptic patterns of the colonists' temporal lobes and programming them into my neural nets. To some degree. Doctor Soong hoped to provide me with an amalgam of the colonists' memories. Yes, sir. There are two possible destinations. The Brechtian Cluster and the Argos system. Yes, sir. The Brechtian Cluster has two inhabited planets. Come in. Not at all, Doctor. That is very gracious of you to say, Doctor, but I have not been injured by you. That is true. I have experimented with producing vibrations in crystals by means of graviton pulses. Exactly. I will call up the results I have achieved this far for you to study. I do not possess the minute to minute remembrances of each person, although the more intense recollections are contained in my memory banks. Marr, Raymond. Called Renny. Yes. I do. Yes. Blame you? There are no records of any blame against you. There are no records of any negative thoughts about you. His personal journals indicated that he was proud that you were such a fine scientist. The Crystalline Entity is moving away, sir. Warp and impulse engines are down, sir, but they can be restarted. A skeleton crew could take the ship to a starbase. Aye, sir. Deck seventeen. Doctor, you have seemed preoccupied since we surveyed the Kallisko. Not at all. We should programme the bridge science station to vary the emissions we direct toward the Entity. That is correct, Doctor. I have some vivid memories of sporting events. He played parrises squares with a group of his schoolmates. Yes, he was pleased to have won a championship emblem. Yes, Doctor. Your son's most intense memories revolve around a young woman named Jenina. He enjoyed her kindness, her gentleness, her physical attributes. Yes, Doctor. I would be happy to be of help. That is true, Doctor, but what would you want me to say? Many of his journal entries took the form of letters to friends and family. I could access one of those. (as Renny): I took my last exam today I think I did all right on everything except cellular biology. I know you think it's important, Mom, but I don't see how I'm ever going to use this stuff. In a couple of weeks, a bunch of us are going on an archaeological dig in the mountains. The Wallaces said it would be all right as long as we had adult supervision, so don't worry. They're looking out for me. They're really great people and I like them a lot, but they're kind of serious. They don't have your sense of humour, Mom. Mom, I miss you. Captain's log, stardate 45129.2. We are still in pursuit of the Crystalline Entity. Data and Doctor Marr are prepared to attempt communication with the being when we intercept it. I will admit to some uncertainty about the prospect. It could prove to be a scientific triumph, or a catastrophe. [Bridge] Yes, Commander, but sensors have not yet locked onto its exact whereabouts. Commencing graviton emissions now. (and out goes the sonar beep) Emissions now at ten pulses per second. Doctor Marr, do you wish to change the frequency? Doctor Marr? Changing to twenty pulses per second. (the Entity changes its direction of rotation) Emissions now at thirty pulses per second. Captain, there is a pattern emerging from the signals. I believe so, sir, but it will take some time to decipher the patterns. Doctor? Doctor Marr? Doctor Marr, we must return to the intermittent signal. Sir, the Entity is beginning to resonate. Vibrations are increasing. I cannot stop our graviton signal, Captain. Doctor Marr has isolated the access code. The amplitude is still rising, Captain. Resonance is approaching critical. Perhaps I should escort the Doctor, sir. Please come with me, Doctor. I will stay with you, Doctor. There has been no predetermined limit placed on my existence, Doctor. In what way, Doctor? I do not find such a file in your son's journals. However, from what I know of him by his memories and his writing, I do not believe he would be happy. He was proud of your career as a scientist, and now you have destroyed that. You say you did it for him, but I do not believe he would have wanted that. Yes, I believe your son would be very sad now. I am sorry, Doctor, but I cannot help you. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
May I? I have surveyed all the turbolifts and service crawlways on this deck. Access to the Bridge has been completely severed by emergency bulkheads. Heavy damage to section twenty three A has cut off access to Sickbay. I have ordered a security team to bring casualties here until further notice. In that circumstance, re-establishing control should be our top priority. Yes, sir. The most direct route is blocked, but I believe we can use a starboard service crawlway. That is correct, sir. We have approximately fifty two metres remaining in this crawlway before we can safely exit into a main corridor. (opaque gas bursts out behind them) Commander, the current cannot be off down from this relay box. If the energy flowing through that arc were interrupted by a nonconductive material, it is likely the circuit would be broken. Commander, much of my bodyframe is made up of tripolymers, a non conductive material. Yes, sir. The power surge would cause a system failure in my internal processors and melt my primary power couplings. However, there is a chance that the damage would not be irreparable. Commander, our options are very limited. My positronic brain has several layers of shielding to protect me from power surges. It would be possible for you to remove my cranial unit and take it with you. Yes, sir. Is something wrong, sir? My memory core and neural nets are self-contained. I would be fine, sir. A remarkable experience, Commander. Apparently so, sir. My neural nets are still fully operational. You may begin by opening the ventral access panel located two centimetres beneath my right ear. [Turbolift] (with Jay Gordon on Picard's shoulders, they get the hatch open) Very good, Commander. You have established a connection. I can now raise the door. (the blast door goes up to reveal Geordi's office area all lit up) The power reaching those monitors has been diverted from the Bridge, sir. No, sir. I do not have access to the containment field. You will have to establish a new link. Locate the ODN conduit, sir. (Riker probes Data's exposed circuits) Yes, sir. You must now change the input matrix in my secondary optical port and then connect the ODN conduit. (his right eye closes) That is not the correct port, sir. You must hurry, Commander. The containment field has dropped to sixteen percent. The field continues to drop, sir. Collapse is imminent. I have a connection, sir. I am now stabilising the containment field. [Bridge]
Commander, Starfleet has added a diplomatic mission to Oceanus Four. Wesley, was our attempt to make you uncomfortable effective? Did you find our deception pleasing? Have you found the Academy challenging, Wesley? Although I did extremely well scholastically, my lack of human understanding often created social obstacles. I particularly remember the phenomenon of practical jokes, several of which I fell victim to. Good for you. I also found social gatherings difficult. There was one event, an Academy tradition, the Sadie Hawkins Dance? A notably awkward experience. Really? Your mother is quite an expert. She recently taught me. I would be happy to teach you dancing. I have programmed a comprehensive seventeen part course with some interesting holographic partners. Geordi, a conflict has started between the planetary evolution team and the stellar physicists. Each wishes to be the first to use the thermal imaging array. A coin. Very good. I will replicate one immediately. Data here. Yes, Doctor. On my way. [Sickbay] You wanted to see me, Doctor? Certainly. It does not bother me. In fact, I am happy to (Crusher switches Data off, then Troi and Riker enter. Will puts Data on a biobed) Computer, resume normal illumination. (Wesley rips the game off) Mister Worf, you will find a small alien ship off the starboard bow. Please secure it with a tractor beam and raise our shields. Are you all right, Captain? Wesley's subsequent diversions gave me adequate time to modify the palm beacon. The optical burst patterns we programmed were successful in counteracting the addictive effects of the game. We programmed the main computer to transmit the same optical burst to all display screens, work stations and terminals throughout the ship. Aye, sir.
Captain Picard regrets detaining you, but it will be necessary for a while longer. In addition, I require access to your ship's computer. I am going to attempt to penetrate the Romulan Central Information net. I have unique skills that may allow me to succeed. Your entry codes can be easily reconfigured after we depart. And Captain Picard has authorised me to share with you any information we obtain from the Romulan databanks. We will also need to communicate with the Enterprise in sector two thirteen. Using conventional means, that would be true. However, I suggest we piggy-back our signal on Romulan subspace transmissions. A human metaphor, pardon me. We would use a Romulan signal as a carrier for own one, thus disguising its origin. I believe it would. During the last hour, I have conducted a systematic review of the entire Romulan subspace grid. I have compared my findings with the specifications of your own transmission array. They appear to be compatible. (K'Vada agrees) Thank you for your co-operation. [Romulan street] (a young boy hands a pink orchid-like flower to the soldier, who is now out of uniform) [Cafe] (the soldier puts the flower in a glass) Negative, Captain. The Romulan Information net employs a progressive encryption lock. I have been unable to penetrate their security measures. By all means, Ambassador. Yes, sir, the twenty ninth is the only one I cannot bypass. In what manner, sir? Interesting. I have not considered that. And Captain Picard has been a role model in my quest to be more human. Yes, Ambassador. You are half human. Yet you have chosen a Vulcan way of life. In effect, you have abandoned what I have sought all my life. Ambassador Spock, may I ask a personal question? As you examine your life, do you find you have missed your humanity? No regrets. That is a human expression. We are losing our Romulan carrier wave, sir. Captain, the Romulan subspace logs identify a transmission from the Romulan surface to a Barolian ship near Galorndon Core twelve hours ago. This would not appear to be routine. I was able to trace the source of the transmission. It incorporates the code prefix of Romulan intelligence. It is a short sequence of numbers. One four zero zero. No, sir. [Romulan street] How do you know that, Ambassador? Lieutenant Commander Data. Perhaps you would be happier in another job. I believe so, Ambassador. I will be more observant in the future, sir. Communication lines have been terminated at the transmitter, but I am quite certain the message was sent prior to the interruption. I disagree, Commander. After studying the design of this structure, I have determined that our best route of escape would be the underground exit to the east of this wing. I have disconnected certain security scanners to assist us. I am afraid we cannot permit you to warn your guards. (and Data neck-pinches Sela into unconsciousness) Captain, we will need to reach our transport site in fourteen minutes.
Captain, I have a visual identification of Senator Pardek of Romulus. This is a Barolian record of a trade negotiation in which Pardek participated four years ago. Yes, sir. He has been in public service since he was a young man, a senator for nine decades. He is considered a man of the people. He has sponsored many reforms. Reportedly, Romulan leadership considers him to be somewhat of a radical because he has been an advocate of peace throughout his career. The district he represents is called the Krocton segment. He maintains a dwelling there. There is more, sir. I have taken the liberty of expanding the parameters of my search, and have discovered that Pardek has several relatives in the Krocton segment. I believe you will be able to locate him there on the third day of the Romulan week when the Senate is not in session. Thank you, sir. Removable? No, Doctor. They are fully integrated components. Captain K'Vada, is this the Captain's quarters, or my own? These quarters were obviously intended for one crewmember, sir. There is but a single sleeping space. Since I do not require sleep, I propose you take the shelf, sir. I am content to stand. Are you comfortable, sir? Good night, Captain. Sleep well, sir. Sir? Was I making noise, sir? I was processing all of the information we have accumulated on Romulan society. I am preparing for the task of impersonating a Romulan. Would you like me to discontinue, sir? I am not looking at anything, sir. I am continuing to organise my files. I am sorry if I was disturbing you, sir. I will not look in your direction. (Data turns around, Picard gives up and gets up) Do you not wish to sleep, sir? I would be happy to. I have been studying the Krocton segment, as you asked, and have selected an appropriate site for our transport. I would not have thought it possible, sir. I am eager to test the success of our efforts. It does remain to be seen if the Romulans will accept us. Captain, you have seemed unusually pensive since we received the news of Ambassador Sarek's death. I do not entirely understand, sir. As a Vulcan, Ambassador Spock would simply see death as the logical result of his father's illness. Considering the exceptionally long lifespan of Vulcans, it does seem odd that Sarek and Spock did not choose to resolve those differences in the time allowed. This is definitely the street on which the intelligence scan of Spock and Pardek was taken, sir. Adjusting for the optical distortions, I am able to verify the architectural features. I am sorry, Captain. I will be more careful. I understand, sir. I have found the place where they were standing. It is here, at this doorway. A legal intercessor's office. The name is similar to Pardek's. It would appear to be one of his relatives. (Picard knocks, then tries the handle) Nonetheless, I recommend we keep this location under observation. I have clearly determined Pardek's routine. On days when the Senate is not in session, he invariably comes to this section after the median hour. We are here for the day, from the city of Rateg. Why do you say that? It is a misconception that all Rategs speak with a particular inflection. In fact, there are twelve different We may not have to. Direct your view to the far corner, sir. Is that not Pardek? Perhaps you should appear to enjoy your soup, sir.
If the Pentharan spheral forecasts are correct, ten to twelve degrees Celsius within the first ten days. The odds of that occurring, Captain, are extremely unlikely, given the time frame. This way, sir. (Data and Rasmussen leave) If you're referring to the first production model automobile of the twentieth century, perhaps the subsequent Model A might be a more apt analogy, since I am Doctor Noonian Soong's revised prototype. Is there a problem, Professor? Would I be correct, Professor, in assuming that you know whether or not I am still alive in the twenty sixth century? (Rasmussen washes his hands and then holds them out for a towel. Data obliges) Since you seemed to know so much about Captain Picard and the ship, I assumed that you would. Yes, sir. Sorry, sir. Captain's log, stardate 45350.3. We have arrived at Penthara Four and can see for ourselves the atmospheric devastation caused by the asteroid impact. [Penthara science lab] (a lot of snow has fallen) What have you learned about the tectonic stability around the drilling sites? Certainly. (Data starts working at the console at fast-forward speed) Two hundred nine anomalies all within acceptable parameters. I will have your answered questions as soon as possible, Professor. The computer has configured the drilling pattern and specified depths. I know of no one who said that, Professor. [Penthara Science lab] Target one is emitting two thousand cubic metres per second. [Penthara Science lab] No change, sir. [Pentara Science lab] Elevated CO2 levels at twenty kilometres, sir. His queries to me primarily focused on Doctor Soong's (an alarm beeps) Both epicentres are beneath the two southernmost drill sites, Captain. It is likely that we overestimated the geologic stability around the CO2 pockets, Captain. Music, Professor. Yes, sir. Mozart's Jupiter symphony in C major, Bach's Brandenburg Concerto number three, Beethoven's Ninth Symphony, second movement, molto vivace and La Donna e Mobile from Verdi's Rigoletto. Computer, eliminate programme one. Computer, eliminate programme two. (glances at Rasmussen) Computer, eliminate programme three. Computer, half volume. Actually, I am capable of distinguishing over one hundred and fifty simultaneous compositions, but in order to analyse the aesthetics, I try to keep it to ten or less. I am assisting Commander La Forge with a very complex calculation. It demands a great deal of my concentration. You did ask me to be thorough. Certainly, as soon as my work here is completed. Yes, Worf. Patch him through, please. There were no errors, Geordi. The variance must be no more than point zero six terawatts. The motion of the dust has created a great deal of electrostatic energy in the upper atmosphere. With a modified phaser blast, we could create a shock front that would encircle the planet and ionise the particles. With one exception, sir. The particles would be converted into a high energy plasma which our shields could absorb and then re-direct harmlessly into space. Precisely, sir. If our phaser discharge is off by as little as point zero six terawatts, it would cause a cascading exothermal inversion. We would completely burn off the planet's atmosphere. Captain's log, supplemental. While Doctor Moseley takes La Forge's plan to the leaders of the colony, I find myself weighing the potential consequences of a more philosophical issue. [Ready room] Aye, sir. Captain's log, stardate 45351.9. Doctor Moseley has met with the colony leaders, who all agree they are willing to take the risk. [Bridge] Yes, sir. After an eight point three second burst from the dish, we'll discharge all EPS taps through the phasers. Doctor Moseley's computers can accomplish the same task, sir. but Geordi would be better able to anticipate unexpected variances. The deflector dish has been reconfigured, Captain. Stand by for auto-phaser interlock. Activating deflector beam. Activating shield invertors, now. (Enterprise does a neat 180 and pours the energy off into space) Understood, sir. I do not believe any of these items belong to you, Professor. Why have you stolen these objects? To put in a museum? But this vessel? And the temporal distortion that coincided with your arrival? Then you are not an historian. What are your intentions, Professor? I assume your hand print will open the door whether you are conscious or not. [Shuttlebay] You were correct to suspect him, sir. But he is not from the future, he is from the past. I believe you will find all of the missing items in the vessel, sir. He claims to be a twenty second century inventor, Captain.
Every nanosecond in this continuum is a moment in history, once it has elapsed. It should be interesting. Doctor Ja'Dar, how closely will the Enterprise need to follow the test vehicle? The prototype has been towed into position, Captain. Sensors indicate the field generators on the planet surface are charging, Captain. The test ship has successfully entered warp, sir. The test ship is maintaining at warp two point three five, sir. No, sir. The effect has been localised to within two kilometres of the wavefront. That is four hundred and fifty percent more efficient than our own warp drive. Sir, the wave's power signature is fluctuating. It is expanding toward us, sir. It appears to be interfering with our engines, Captain. Our last readings indicate the craft exploded due to extreme shearing stress. Sir, sensors are coming back online. Aye, sir. The wave is continuing on course for the Lemma Two colony. It is bearing zero two zero, mark three two nine. Sir, the wave has increased in velocity to warp four point one. Sir, the energy level of the wave has increased by a factor of twelve. At this rate, it will have increased by a factor of two hundred by the time it reaches Lemma Two. Because the soliton is constantly changing in both frequency and amplitude, it will be extremely difficult to achieve an exact match. Warp six point three seven. Which would require the Enterprise to go through the wave. The wave has been growing in size as well as power. There is insufficient time remaining for us to circumvent it before it reaches Lemma Two. The wave has increased speed to warp seven point two, Captain. We have passed through the wave, Captain. Sir, there are life forms present in that biolab. Readings also indicate the presence of a humanoid, Captain. At our current speed, four minutes thirty seconds, sir. Captain, biolab four is one of the areas that will be flooded with ion radiation. The soliton wave has closed to ten kilometres, Captain. The wave has closed to one kilometre, Captain. The wave is about to overtake us, sir. The wave has been disrupted, sir.
I am picking up massive gravitational fluctuations, sir. Aye, sir. I have located the Vico, sir. The vessel appears to be adrift. Outer and inner hulls have been breached. Decks seven through twelve are exposed to space. I cannot, sir. The emergency bulkheads on that deck are in place. Our linkup signal cannot penetrate them. Stress readings indicate considerable pressure on the transverse supports. Yes, sir, but the risk of structural collapse is quite high. This station is inoperable, sir. Core transfer is engaged. (Geordi looks at the instrumentation on the device.) I could move the beam, sir. However, it may initiate the collapse of the surrounding supports. I recommend you and Geordi return to the ship. Yes. Then I will take you to the corridor. We will transport back to the Enterprise from there. Do you understand? I am an android. My strength is many times that of a human. It is going to be okay. I will count to three. One two three. (he pushes up the beam with one hand, Timothy wriggles out and runs. Data drops the beam and follows, picking the boy up when he stumbles at the steps) Energise. Captain's log, supplemental. A thorough search of the Vico has revealed no additional survivors. We have begun the process of counselling the boy with regard to the tragedy. [Sickbay] Counsellor, I must join Commander La Forge in Engineering. If you will excuse me. (but Timothy is holding onto Data's hand) Nearly eighty three percent of their records have been lost. Geordi, as a child, did you ever experience a traumatic event? Yes. Timothy no longer has that kind of support. Fracture points indicate that the energy burst came from a range of less than three thousand metres. The Breen have outposts in this sector. The attack on the Vico is consistent with their battle tactics and their level of technology. I do not understand. Aye, sir. (Picard leaves) Counsellor, exactly how shall I proceed? Hello, Timothy. May I enter? Ah. You are attempting to recreate the Dokkaran temple of Kural Hanesh? Do you wish a frank evaluation? (nod) It lacks the harmony that characterised this particular temple and Dokkaran culture in general. (Timothy flops onto a chair) No, I am not capable of hatred. You are making an unwarranted extrapolation. I was merely offering an aesthetic analysis of this particular model. The base appears quite sturdy. (Timothy comes back and starts again, but tries to put a ceiling on with only half it's supports available. It falls) May I suggest a different approach? You were attempting to construct the upper level before the supports were in place. Observe. Data here. I will join you in a moment, Geordi. Data out. Lieutenant La Forge requires my assistance. (Data turns to go, then goes back and builds the temple very quickly) I am designed to exceed human capacity, both mentally and physically. Better is a highly subjective term. I do not, for example, possess the ability to experience emotion as humans do. That is correct. My positronic brain is not capable of generating those conditions. Goodbye. [Corridor] That would be acceptable. The Black Cluster was formed almost nine billion years ago when hundreds of protostars collapsed in close proximity. The resulting gravitational forces are both violent and highly unpredictable. Timothy, your head movements are counterproductive. Can you be still? The servo mechanisms in my neck are designed to approximate human movements. I did not realize the effect was so distracting. No. I am the only one. My service experience does not yet warrant such a position. Fear is a quality that I do not possess. Correct. I have never had a nightmare. I do not require sleep. Timothy, are you having disturbing dreams? Is that satisfactory? (the hair) You may use mine. Perhaps you should return to your quarters. Thank you. (re painting) It is very expressive. Is your painting representative of something? Timothy, you understand that you may speak with me about anything you wish? Any subject? At times, I too find it difficult to share my thoughts with others. I am not always confident that I am expressing myself in a manner which humans can comprehend. But do I know that (Data sees that Timothy has fallen asleep and carries him to the couch) [Bridge] He laughed. It is certainly not consistent with his android persona. Then my work with him is done. How, Counsellor? The complex polysaccharides, in reaction with the carbon dioxide, produces an unusual combination of texture and effervescence. I am not capable of tasting in the manner you suggest. However, I can analyse the composition of a dessert and make comparative conclusions about its possible effect on the human palate. But I neither like it nor dislike it. I have often wondered what it must be like to have one's mouth water in anticipation of the arrival of a confection, or to feel the pleasure I have observed in humans as they consume it. I am an android. That will never change. I have often wished to be human. I study people carefully in order to more closely approximate human behaviour. But I cannot take pride in my abilities. I cannot take pleasure in my accomplishments. I would gladly risk feeling bad at times if it also meant that I could also taste my dessert. [Bridge] Phaser energy was reflected by the gravitational wavefronts. It is similar to the phenomenon distorting our sensor signals. Yes, sir. Disruptors would be ineffectual. It would be extremely difficult to maintain. Given the effects we have observed, the probability is exceedingly remote, sir. That is highly unlikely. Our investigations have clearly demonstrated Timothy, androids do not lie. Please explain. It is not possible. The onboard control systems for every starship require a user code clearance. You could not have inadvertently affected any of the Vico's systems. Timothy, accompany me, please. (go to science station) I want you to recall everything you heard people say aboard the Vico before it was destroyed. Sir, drop the shields. Captain, drop the shields. Our own shields caused the increases in the wavefronts, sir. We have been experiencing a harmonic amplification effect. Precisely. That is also what destroyed the Vico. When Timothy remembered similar procedures on his ship, I initiated an analysis of shield output to wavefront amplitude and discovered a correlation. Difficult? That would require an emotional context which I cannot provide. [Classroom] Hello, Timothy. I am operating within established parameters. How are you? I have been told that imitation is the highest form of flattery. I have many human friends. I would be pleased to count you among them.
It is perplexing to me that the Ullians' ability to retrieve memory is so highly prized. If an event were important enough to be recovered, why would it have been forgotten? That is correct. My understanding of the human brain suggests that the process is the same for you. Each memory is encoded in chains of molecules. If you want to retrieve it, you simply access the proper RNA sequence. Then in what way is it different? Perhaps you remember the pleasant memories and forget the unpleasant ones? It would seem there is no predictable pattern to human memory. Four days, eleven hours. [Corridor] I assume from your tone of voice that you were unsuccessful. Emergency medical team to Doctor Crusher's office immediately. [Ready room] We seem to have eliminated the all known factors that may have caused the comas, except for the Ullians. Aye, sir. We have yet to receive transmissions from the two planets of the Nel system. Perhaps they will show different results. Please clarify. Why would we do that? Yes. You are searching for instances of Iresine syndrome? Two cases of Iresine syndrome on Hurada Three, at exactly the time Tarmin and his group was there. We have uncovered several cases, sir, but we have not yet completed our investigation. [Ready room] Yes, sir. We will keep searching, sir. And were the Ullians present? Counsellor. Are you all right? We discovered two instances of unexplained coma on Nel Three while the Ullians were there, but Tarmin was not part of the group. Further examination revealed that only one Ullian was present at all incidents of coma. Jev. Captain's log, stardate 45435.8. Doctor Crusher and Commander Riker regained consciousness while we were en route to the Ullian home world. The slow process of their recovery has begun. [Observation lounge]
An artificial environment has been constructed on the southern continent, sir. Yes, Captain. Sensors are reading human life forms. No, sir. The fragment has a density of one hundred billion kilograms per cubic centimetre. As a result, when it passes Moab Four, it will cause tectonic shifts well beyond eight point seven on the Richter Scale. Increasing impulse power to tractor emitters. EPS power levels rising. [Engineering] Aye, sir. [Engineering] We have lost one of the emitter circuits. The second lateral emitter circuit. Shipwide life support failure in fifteen seconds, sir. [Engineering] Termination of all life support in five seconds. [Engineering] The fragment's course has been altered by one point two one degrees, sir.
The characteristic response to the Kriskov Gambit is to counter with the el-Mitra Exchange, particularly since I have already taken both your rooks. By missing that opportunity, you have left your king vulnerable. As you wish, Counsellor. Check. (Troi makes her move) Intriguing. You have devised a completely unanticipated response to a classic attack. You will checkmate my king in seven moves. You are a challenging opponent, Counsellor. I will honour our agreement. [Sickbay] One Samarian Sunset, made in the traditional style. (Data puts a glass of clear liquid in front of Deanna, then taps it with his fingernail. A yellow glow diffuses into orange in the glass) I hope you enjoy it. (a green light passes across Data) I hope you enjoy it. [Bridge] Can I get you something? A beverage? The databanks that identify who I am are not functioning. This vessel is called the Enterprise. We are part of an organization called the United Federation of Planets. The Federation is currently in a state of war. Starfleet Command believes the Lysians are using a new weapon which has shifted the balance of power to their favour. Our scientists theorise the Lysians are using an energy wave, either plasma-based or a subspace interference pattern. The weapon severely disrupts a starship's computer system as well as the mental functions of its crew. Our mission is part of a highly coordinated effort to put an end to the war. There are other vessels on other fronts, all working according to an intricate plan. At our current speed, approximately thirty seven hours. The ship matches the Starfleet description of a Lysian destroyer. A short range attack vessel with disruptor style weapons, and a standard crew of fifty three. The destroyer has minimal shields. Their disruptor capacity appears to be only two point one megajoules. Captain, the destroyer is hailing us. It is conceivable, sir. The Lysians have stopped transmitting, Captain. They are powering up their disruptors. They have locked onto us, sir. There appears to be a command path discontinuity. I shall attempt to rewrite the locator subroutine. Yes. I have expended considerable thought with respect to my apparent uniqueness among the crew. Several possibilities suggest themselves. I may represent an entire race of artificial lifeforms. If so, there may be a home planet for others of my kind. A shared history and a culture of which I am not presently aware. I have considered that possibility as well. It may also be the case that every starship in the Federation is equipped with an artificial lifeform such as myself. There is another possibility. Perhaps my origin is unique. In that case, I am alone. We have accessed the information storage area. Considerable damage has been done to the files themselves. As well as the crew records, and the personal logs. We are entering the Lysian system, sir. Sensors show several objects in our path, sir. They are twenty nine metres in length and are unmanned. The pods are equipped with fusion-generated pulse lasers and minimal shielding. We are through the perimeter, sir. I am picking up no vessels, no additional sentry pods. Armaments consist of four laser cannons and thirty nine cobalt fusion warheads with magnetic propulsion. Defensive shield output is four point three kilojoules. Fifteen thousand, three hundred eleven.
The intense electromagnetic whirlwinds on the moon's surface make it virtually impossible to locate the source of the signal, Captain. I believe so, Commander. At Starfleet Academy. I will verify it. Just as I thought. It is a Starfleet subspace distress signal, standard to Daedalus-class starships. One hundred seventy two years, sir. The USS Essex under the command of Captain Bryce Shumar disappeared in this sector over two centuries ago. I have accessed the subspace transponder signature of the Essex. It is identical to the signal coming from the moon's surface. Shields are holding, sir. Forward thrusters have failed, sir. We are losing power. Initiating emergency landing procedures. It is unlikely that we will be able to establish communication with the ship, given the electromagnetic interference. There are no instruments left of practical value that have not been damaged by our landing, sir. The tricorder is picking up high levels of EM bursts across the spectrum. No lifesign readings other than our own. We might be able to employ virtual imaging to interpolate (metallic sound) missing data. My apologies. It seems my primary speech processors are experiencing a minor fluctuation. I will have it corrected in a moment. [Bridge] Sir, given the EM field properties of this moon, I recommend a search pattern beginning in the southern polar region. The Essex signal was never clearly located, sir. A systematic survey of the moon from a polar orbit might be more practical. Understood, sir. [Ready room] He would not move to a polar orbit. They've trapped us. My entity's artificial substructure may be useful. (Data smashes a wall panel and short-circuits the forcefields) [Bridge] Do it. [Transporter room] I can reverse the polarity of their forcefields to isolate this room. What are you looking at? You, Klingon. Attack me. (Data throws his phaser to Miles) Are you afraid? And I have no fear of killing you. He's telling the truth. Their heading has changed. [Bridge] Silence, Klingon. [Bridge] I don't trust him. It may be a deception. Silence that child! It is taking too long. We should have been there by now. He is manipulating you. He will try to delay until a rescue attempt is possible. Right, That's enough. Sit down, both of you. You over there, you there. Down. You will cooperate, Captain. You will cooperate or someone will die. Who shall it be? How about the Klingon? Get another one. Pick one to die, Captain, or I kill them both. [Jefferies tube] (grabbing Picard by the throat) Tell them to stop, or I kill everyone in this room, starting with you. We must be able to use the transporters. It's a trick. He is trying to divide us. Why are you suddenly being so helpful? Without the protection of the forcefields, we are completely vulnerable. What about the weapons? Klingon. You will die too, Picard. Lieutenant, I must apologise for my inadvertent misconduct toward you. Your restraint was most remarkable.
The Denver's standard crew complement is twenty three, but they  were transporting five hundred seventeen colonists to the Beloti  sector.  Aye, sir.  [Ready room]
Captain, we are approaching the designated coordinates. Sensors find no evidence of the shuttle anywhere within the star system. Scan shows no debris within that radius. Captain, I am detecting an unusual reading. It appears to be a neutrino emission with no visible source. I have none, sir. I recommend we launch a probe. Sensors show no evidence of any unusual phenomenon. (then the probe vanishes) The probe is no longer transmitting. Why? Initiating pre-launch sequence. Clearance is granted. The shuttle is under way, sir. At warp six, fifty three hours, sir.
Collision course. Impact in thirty six seconds. Collision course. Impact in thirty six seconds.
We should be arriving at Earth in ten hours sixteen minutes, sir. We unsuccessfully tried fifty three different computational models in an effort to simulate the movements of the Nova Squadron just prior to the crash. However it was well within operational limits. We did find that Wesley opened his coolant interlock just before beginning the manoeuvre around Titan. That procedure would be extremely hazardous while the ship was in flight.
The asteroid has shattered. However, the core is still intact and still on a collision course with Tessen Three. Yes, sir. It is of sufficient size and density to cause planetwide damage. It will reach the upper atmosphere in forty four seconds and impact on the planet eleven seconds later. Sir, the core is composed of nitrium and chrondite. It is unlikely another photon torpedo will be of any effect. Thirty seconds to impact. Impact in seventeen seconds. The remaining debris is of no threat to the planet, sir. A level-four diagnostic of the food replication systems has failed to detect any faults in the orientation terminals. There is an energy fluctuation in one of the utility access corridors. We have traced the failure to a data net interface which routes replicator selections to the correct subprocessors. We have lost helm control, sir. Aye, sir. We have not yet identified the substance, Commander. There is none present in the residue, either. That would suggest the nitrium has been organically metabolised. This residue would be the waste left behind. The dilithium chamber shows no anomalous readings. We believe the parasites came through the ship's hull after we destroyed the asteroid near Tessen Three. Aye, sir. At warp nine, five hours twenty minutes, sir. Captain, with our sensors unable to detect the parasites and given the speed with which they appear to be moving through the ship In several cases, an exanogen gas barrier has been known to slow the progress of metal parasites. If we reconfigure a particle beam with a high concentration of nitrium, and project it toward one of the asteroids. Turbolift velocity is beginning to fluctuate, Captain. We have reached the bridge, sir. [Bridge] Captain, we're losing life support on decks eleven and twelve. Aye, sir. If we maintain our current speed, two hours, twenty three minutes, sir. Aye, sir. (The Enterprise arrives at the asteroid field. Data is the only one awake and alert) Computer, transfer power from warp engines to life support. Activate Bussard collector. Reconfigure hydrogen plasma mixture to include thirty percent nitrium. Project emitter beam, heading zero two four mark zero four one. (shimmering silver travels along the beam) The plan was successful, sir.
The Ferengi report their containment field is collapsing. Their reactor core is unstable, Captain. Two, sir. I would be pleased to escort you around the ship. Your empathic powers do not perceive anything because as an android, I have no emotions. Extremely rude behaviour. Perhaps you would care for something to drink? Bartender! There do not seem to be enough waiters on duty. Excuse me. I believe I will stay. Thank you, Lieutenant. The crowd seemed a bit too ebullient for comfort. Perhaps you would enjoy a quiet visit to the arboretum. (Data leads Kamala away, then she turns and growls. Data hauls her out of the room before Worf growls back and then catches himself) [Ready room]
In order for the lateral sensors to complete their scheduled observations, additional processing time will be required. Will two hours be enough time to complete the high-resolution series on the neutron star? The rotational period of the neutron star is one point three five seconds. Given the selections, I prefer FGC four seven. (the ship shakes) Shields have registered an impact, however sensors show nothing in the vicinity. [Bridge] The drag coefficient continues to increase. Our velocity has fallen by twelve percent. Velocity is increasing. Ship's speed has stabilised at one quarter impulse. I did nothing. The problem seems to have corrected itself. [Corridor] (Isabella appears) We have simulated several such fields, but were unable to reproduce the same drag coefficient. Since we have only experienced the phenomenon once, it is impossible to estimate the risks. I believe what you are seeing is the effect of the fluid dynamic processes inherent in the large scale motion of highly rarified gas. Where? I do not see it. It is interesting that people try to find meaningful patterns in things that are essentially random. I have noticed that the images they perceive sometimes suggest what they are thinking about at that particular moment. Besides, it is clearly a bunny rabbit. (Clara enters) Sir, as we move deeper into the nebula, sensors indicate that the levels of helium and trionium are continuing to rise. No, sir. We are well within tolerance levels. (the ship shakes and the lights flicker) Shields have registered an impact. There is no indication of anything near the ship. Until we determine the cause of the drag coefficient, I would not recommend it, sir. The drag coefficient is still present, but it has stabilised. It is an irregular lattice composed of approximately forty seven million strands of energy. It may be difficult, sir. I am detecting a significant number of strands behind us. At our current speed, we will clear the nebula in twelve minutes four seconds. We are moving through a dense concentration of energy strands. Captain, density appears to be lower off the starboard bow. It appears to be an energy vortex of highly complex patterns. Possibly a life form. It is in direct physical contact with our shields. Aye, sir. No effect. (more fireflies turn up)
Captain, I am detecting a transmission emanating from within the system. It is self-repeating, of unknown pattern. A small moon orbiting the fourth planet. Indeterminate. I am attempting to screen out sensor interference. Readings are still inconclusive, however the moon's atmosphere is capable of supporting life. Sir, there is no indication of other Borg activity within sensor range. The Borg are extremely computer dependent. A systems failure will destroy them. The vessel is traveling at warp seven point six. Mass two point five million metric tons. Configuration, cubical. Its dimensions indicate that it is a scout ship similar to the one that crashed. Interference from the star's radiation will shield us from their sensors. We should remain undetected until they enter the system. At present speed they will arrive in thirty one hours seven minutes. [Brig] The shape is a paradox, sir. It cannot exist in real space or time. He will be unsuccessful, and will store the shape in his memory banks. It will be shunted to a subroutine for further analysis. It is designed so that each approach they take will spawn an anomalous solution. The anomalies are designed to interact with each other, linking together to form an endless and unsolvable puzzle. We are now entering position. Radiation levels are rising. Solar radiation is rendering our sensors inoperable. At last known course and speed, the Borg vessel should enter the system in three minutes. [Crash site]
We will arrive within transporter range in three minutes twenty one seconds. Negative, Captain. Sensors are unable to locate them anywhere within transporter range. Aye, sir. Excuse me, sir. (Data takes over and pulls the doors shut) Captain. The diagnostic of the transporter system shows an anomalous energy fluctuation. I will need to inspect the imaging scanner in transporter room three. Captain? I have a personal favour to ask. I considered Commander La Forge to be my best friend. I believe it is my responsibility to plan and conduct the memorial service. May I have your permission to do so? Thank you, sir. [Romulan Engineering] (a Romulan confers with Guy Vardeman as Worf enters) I believe the cause of the accident may be related to the explosion on the Romulan ship. In all likelihood, the explosion damaged the Romulan cloaking device, causing it to discharge chroniton particles. I am detecting a chroniton field in here. I suspect they travelled through the transporter beam. That may have been the cause of Geordi and Ro's death. I will go to the Romulan ship. Perhaps I can discover the source of the emissions. They pose no danger to humans. However, some of the ship's systems may be affected by prolonged exposure. When I return I will devise a method to eradicate them. Lieutenant, I am planning a memorial service for Commander La Forge and Ensign Ro. I would like you to participate. Captain Picard asked me to arrange a ceremony that was appropriate. I have given a great deal of thought as to what is appropriate in this instance. Hold position here. I find I am having difficulty deciding what kind of service to have. Do you have any suggestions? Ensign Ro was Bajoran. Her beliefs should be reflected as well. However their death rituals are quite complicated. I am not certain that either human or Bajoran rites are fitting, and I have researched the funerary customs of over five thousand cultures to no avail. Resume course. In almost all societies, it is traditional to say a ritual farewell to those you call friends. I never knew what a friend was until I met Geordi. He spoke to me as though I were human. He treated me no differently from anyone else. He accepted me for what I am. And that, I have learned, is friendship. But I do not know how to say goodbye. Why? Begin docking procedure. Chroniton emissions may have been responsible for the accident which claimed the lives of our officers. Was your cloaking device damaged in the explosion? That explains the chroniton fields I am detecting in here now. For your own safety, it is important to eliminate those emissions. There is no way to predict what will happen when the chronitons interact with the new engine core. The field emissions are particularly strong in this area. (the equipment Geordi was examining) This is puzzling. Three more chroniton fields have formed aboard the Enterprise in the last hour. We should begin decontamination immediately. Run an internal sensor sweep for locations of all chroniton fields on the Enterprise. I do not understand how these new fields have formed. No transporter beam has been active in any of those areas. I cannot see that they have anything in common. In fact, they seem to be appearing at random. Can you narrow the focus of the scan to pinpoint the locations? Go to science station two on the main Bridge. Use a lateral sensor array to get a more precise reading. I will modify an anyon emitter to eliminate the fields once they've been isolated. Data here. Acknowledged. [Crew quarters] (Ro and Parem run through the quarters of a woman in a state of undress, as Data tracks their progress on his tricorder. Then through a crewman doing press-ups and into a room where a man and woman are having a romantic dinner. Parem shoots Ro in the leg. Data is outside the door.) Excuse me for interrupting, Lieutenant. I'm detecting a chroniton field in your room. May I scan the area? (meanwhile, Geordi has piled into the fight and knocked Parem out through the hull into space, where even an out of phase Romulan cannot survive) Do you think the others will think this service appropriate? I am glad you approve, Doctor. Go ahead, Chief. No. Anyon emissions are harmless. Please begin immediately. I see no reason to delay our departure. The chroniton fields have been cleared from all critical areas. (out of phase KaBOOM that they do not notice) Curious. Captain, I believe we should decontaminate this room before getting underway. Chief. Increase anyon emissions to six thousand particles per second and decontaminate this area. Yes, sir. I believe I may know what has happened, sir. It would explain the mysterious chroniton fields If they were cloaked in some way. If I am right, sir, they are, and in this room. Their brief appearance coincided with the anyon sweep. Perhaps the anyons neutralise the cloaking effect. Chief Brossmer. Set the anoynic beam to its highest level and flood Ten Forward. Of course. Geordi, it is good to see you.
It appears to be a probe of some kind, but there is no Starfleet record of this shape or design. The probe is composed of paricium and talgonite, a ceramic alloy. The beam is scanning the shield's perimeter. The probe is emitting an unusual particle stream. No, sir. The particle emission is most unusual. I am unable to block it. The probe is moving with us, sir, holding relative position. Commander, I have been analysing the nucleonic beam. I believe it would be possible to reflect the particles back toward the probe in a way that would disrupt the signal. I am attempting to do so, Doctor. The beam is fully restored, Doctor. It is an unmapped system of six planets, sir. Not any longer, sir. The star went nova. All life in the system was destroyed approximately one thousand years ago. [Courtyard] (more years have past. Eline is old and grey, whilst Picard is still peering into his refractor telescope) The nucleonic beam has ceased, Commander. The probe has shut down.
The bifocal vision aid is typical of the era. The weapon is a forty five calibre double-action cavalry pistol invented by Colt Firearms in 1873. The composition of the exposed rock face has been altered by exposure to triolic waves. The by-product of an energy source employed by very few species because of its deleterious effect on living tissue. Interesting. There is a twelve percent decomposition of the bitanium in the neural pathway links. That suggests the alloys are vulnerable to Emotion, sir? I am simply trying to make an objective assessment. I believe so, sir. No, sir. My brother's positronic brain has a type L phase discriminating amplifier. Mine is a type R. Yes, sir. Decomposition strongly indicates that life was terminated approximately five hundred years ago. That would be consistent with the other artefacts we recovered. In relative terms, perhaps not. Nevertheless, it seems clear that my life is to end in the late nineteenth century. There is no way anyone can prevent it, sir. At some future date, I will be transported back to nineteenth century Earth, where I will die. It has occurred. It will occur. Are you referring to the foreknowledge of my death? I have no particular desire to discuss the matter. Do you need to talk about it? Why? On the contrary. I find it rather comforting. I have often wondered about my own mortality as I have seen others around me age. Until now it has been theoretically possible that I would live an unlimited period of time. And although some might find this attractive, to me it only reinforces the fact that I am artificial. Tough? As in difficult? I expected to make new friends. And then to outlive them as well. It provides a sense of completion to my future. In a way, I am not that different from anyone else. I can now look forward to death. One might also conclude that it brings me one step closer to being human. I am mortal. Counsellor. Commander. [Turbolift] Would either of you mind if I made a personal inquiry? I am perceiving an apparent change in the way others behave toward me. For example, people abruptly end conversations when I appear, just as you did when the turbolift doors opened. Is that an accurate observation? I understand. I am also fond of you, Commander. And you as well, Counsellor. [Bridge] Captain, sensors are picking up an unusual temporal disturbance on a small area of the planet's surface. Forty two degrees seven minutes north by eighty eight degrees declination east. Spectral analysis shows a high level of triolic waves emanating from the same location. Affirmative, sir. The magnetic signature is identical to the one found in the cavern. Only with long term exposure, sir. There is no immediate threat. Commander. Captain, may I speak to you alone? [Ready room] Sir, it is standard procedure that the second officer accompany the away team. Then I must assume your decision is related to the discovery on Earth of Captain, there is no rational justification for this course. It is possible, sir, that the events leading to my death will not occur for years, even centuries. I appreciate your concern, Captain, but, to employ an aphorism, one cannot cheat fate. Acknowledged. [Devidia cavern] (moving to a natural amphitheatre, with columns around supporting the roof) Captain, the results of my temporal analysis may be pertinent. Geordi, it indicates a synchronic distortion in the areas emanating [Devidia cavern] Manipulate the synchronic distortion. It is built into my positronic decompiler. It will be necessary for me to join the away team, sir. Sir. Once I have adjusted the forcefield, I will no longer be visible, Commander. I have taken steps, however, to ensure that you will still be able to hear me. If you would assist me in a test of the comm. system. My voice will be transmitted on a delay correlated to the phase adjustment. That should allow me to maintain verbal contact. No, sir. That will not be possible. Adjusting the synchronic distortion. Point zero zero one. Point zero zero two. (fades out) Point zero zero three. Point zero zero four. Excuse me. Pardon me. I am searching for two individuals with an ophidian. A snake. That is unfortunate. I am sorry, but I have no whiskey to give you. I am sorry, but I have no form of legal tender. I would be happy to do so, but I am presently in need of information. Thank you for your advice, but I'm trying to find two individuals with a snake. You are in need of medical attention. I will get a doctor. Sir, I need temporary lodging. I understand the source of your misperception. However, this is not sleepware and I do not have a missus. I am a Frenchman. I have no money. But I am capable of performing significant tasks both mental and physical. Perhaps your hotel would offer me a job. Poker? [Poker room] (Data enters the smoke-filled room. Four men sit around the table. The gambler character is played by Marc Alaimo.) Excuse me, gentlemen. I would like to join the game. I am a Frenchman. Alors, nous sommes presque frres. Je suis heureux de vous connaitre. In a manner of speaking. It is a crystalline composite of silicon, beryllium, Carbon seventy, and Gold. I accept. (and deals) [Data's hotel room] (Data has acquired the Native's bowler hat with feather, and the gambler's fancy waistcoat) To whom are you referring? What was the source of your jocular reaction? What was it you found humorous? It was not my intention to deceive. Thank you. (shakes his hand) It has been a pleasure. (the Bellboy coughs) It would be advisable to monitor that cough. I have read that there is currently a cholera epidemic in San Francisco. Of course. The gratuity. Thank you for your assistance. I have no need for companionship. However I do require some supplies. I am an inventor. Will this be enough? You may retain the surplus for yourself. Exactly. Apology is not necessary. (Data picks up the anvil with one hand, then realises what he's done wrong and drops it) Ow. I believe I have overexerted myself. Yes. This is for your trouble. I require a low intensity magnetic field core. I believe the iron mass of the anvil will provide that. What do you think it is going to be? That is a good guess. Perhaps. To what are you referring? I believe I have given you an erroneous impression. You have a ship? You have had a considerable spectrum of occupations. I believe your plan is a bit premature. Thank you, Jack. Good afternoon. I would like to speak to Guinan. Data. No. I am a personal friend. It is urgent that I speak to her. That is an excellent idea. I will wait for them in there. (Data does a neat side shuffle and gets through) Guinan! Excuse me. I must speak to you immediately. I am sorry for the disruption, but he would not believe me when I told him we were friends. Data. Yes. We were on a ship together. The Enterprise. It is a starship. Android. Artificial life form. I was not sent by your father. Circumstances demand that I take you into my confidence. I require your assistance. (Guinan touches his nose) I am from the twenty fourth century, where you and I serve aboard a starship. Our ship encountered a species who appears to be threatening 19th century Earth. I investigated, and was inadvertently pulled into their temporal vortex. When I saw your photograph in the newspaper, I assumed you had joined me from the future, from the Enterprise. I knew your species was long-lived, but I did not realise you had visited Earth so long ago. (a whiff of cigar smoke gives somebody away)
At some future date I will be transported back to nineteenth century Earth, where I will die. It has occurred. It will occur. Data. Yes. We were on a ship together. The Enterprise. It is a starship. I was not sent by your father. Our ship encountered a species who appears to be threatening nineteenth century Earth. Perhaps you could arrange for us to get in. With permission to dig for the mine shaft. I have full confidence in your persuasive abilities. Strange. The transceiver assembly has been removed. Without it I will be unable to track the time shifts. Clemens? If you are correct, he must be warned. The device has been modified in such a way that prolonged contact with human tissue would be highly toxic. (there's a thump from the wardrobe. Data opens the door to reveal the guilty party. Data picks up the transceiver that Clemens dropped.) I am French, sir, not Swiss. I do not believe I know Mister Whitley. I am unfamiliar with the gentleman's name. I have spoken to several people at that office. As apparently you do, Mister Clemens. In a sense. The time shift is a gearing system I have invented for the horseless carriage. I suggest we postpone our greetings for another occasion. The aliens appear to be able to concentrate the distortion and direct it to a specific time and place. I have located that cavern. (knocking on the door and frantic activity) How now, spirit. Whither wander you? It is all right. Mister Clemens, it is imperative that we continue our mission. Torpedoes. Phasing. Alien. I am processing a binary message entered into my static memory by Captain Picard. Geordi, are we planning to fire on the alien habitat? It is imperative that we do not. I will explain later. The binary message left by the Captain is not entirely clear. He seemed to be concerned about the phase differential of our photon torpedoes. That firing them might produce catastrophic effects. If I am correct, we must modify our weapons so that the force of the explosion is re-phased into the aliens' time continuum. Sir? For what, sir? Commander, I am picking up massive triolic wave activity on the surface. There are no human life signs. No, sir, but triolic activity is increasing. Sir, I am detecting a temporal distortion on the surface and human life signs.
Our scanners cannot penetrate the plasma streamer's distortion field. No, sir. Ionic interference is too heavy. The analysis of the fragments is not yet complete. The container does show evidence of residual ionisation. I believe your hypothesis was correct. It was used to store high energy plasma. Perhaps we should attempt to recreate their experiment to see what happens when matter is beamed aboard under similar conditions. Are you all right, Lieutenant? Geordi. Lieutenant Barclay appears inordinately preoccupied with his physiological condition. I have seen him check his pulse rate, as well as his visual acuity several times over the last twenty minutes. Structural reinforcement is at two hundred forty percent. (a sample container is sitting on a table in the middle of the floor) A standard analysis begins with a resonance frequency scan. Initiating resonance sweep. Frequency range at three (the container blows apart) That is correct. They appear to be quasi-energy microbes that exist within the distortion field of the plasma streamer. Normal spatial relationships are often distorted within the matter stream. Your perceptions may have been exaggerated. The microbes exist simultaneously as both matter and energy. The biofilter cannot distinguish them from the matter stream. The molecules would begin to emit nucleonic particles. We may be able to derive a pattern the computer would recognise. Your pattern would degrade to the point where your signal would be permanently lost. [Transporter room] (Barclay and Crusher enter. She sets up some equipment)
Captain, sensors have located the transport ship. Two Rekag battle cruisers are flanking it. The cruisers' weapons are powered up but sir, the Rekag ships are turning and heading out of sensor range. We are within visual range of the transport, sir. Sensors indicate damage to the Dorian's subspace emitter. Audio communication only. Counsellor Troi has altered her appearance. (She goes over to Alkar's table)
Captain, I have identified the signal. It is from the USS Jenolen, a Federation transport ship reported missing in this sector seventy five years ago. There are no stars or other stellar bodies listed on our navigational charts. However, sensors indicate the presence of an extremely strong gravitational source in this vicinity. I am having difficulty scanning the object. It appears to be approximately two hundred million kilometres in diameter. The object's enormous mass is causing a great deal of gravimetric interference. That might have prevented our sensors from detecting it before we dropped out of warp. The object does fit the general parameters of Dyson's theory. Possibly a great number of people, Commander. The interior surface area of a sphere this size is the equivalent of more than two hundred and fifty million class M planets. I have located the Jenolen, sir. It is impacted on the surface of the sphere. There are no life signs. However, there are several small power emanations, and life support is still functioning on minimal levels. Sensor readings indicate the presence of a G-type star at the centre of the sphere. There also appears to be a class-M atmosphere clinging to the interior surface. Not as yet, sir. Our preliminary data suggests it is still capable of supporting life. We have been unable to find definite signs of current habitation. Aye, sir. [Engineering] I believe I may be of some assistance. Captain Scott is unaware of the existence of synthehol. Yes, sir. It is an alcohol substitute now being served aboard starships. It simulates the appearance, taste and smell of alcohol, but the intoxicating affects can be easily dismissed. No, sir. I am an android. Lieutenant Commander Data. I believe Guinan does keep a limited supply of non-syntheholic products. Perhaps one of them would be to your liking. (Data goes behind the bar and comes out with a bottle) It is (looks at bottle) It is (sniffs contents) It is green. (Scott drinks) Commander, I believe I have found something on the sphere which could be a communications device. There's an antenna array approximately four hundred thousand kilometres south of our present position. It is emitting low intensity subspace signals. No, sir, not from our present orbit. The array is currently directed away from us. Sensors indicate that the large circle is a portal or airlock, possibly leading to the interior of the sphere. Some type of tractor beam has locked onto us. The resonance frequency of the tractor beams is incompatible with our power systems. Warp and impulse engine relays have been overloaded. I am attempting to compensate. (Enterprise is slung into inner space) Approximately ninety million kilometres from the star's photosphere. I am reading a great deal of surface instability. It may be We will enter the sun's photosphere in three minutes. Our flight path is changing. Right ten point seven degrees, sir. Insufficient to clear the photosphere. Aye, sir. [Jenolen] The sphere appears to be abandoned. Sensors show that the star is extremely unstable. It is experiencing severe bursts of radiation and matter expulsions. I believe we triggered a series of automatic piloting beams designed to guide ships into the sphere. It is a solar flare, Captain. Magnitude twelve, class B. The star has entered a period of increased activity. Sensors indicate that the solar flares will continue to grow. In three hours, our shields will no longer be sufficient to protect us, sir. [Jenolen] The interior surface area is over ten to the sixteenth square kilometres. It will take seven hours to completely scan the surface. (big shudder) I will endeavour to speed up the process, sir. [Jenolen] (outside the main sphere hatch, and looking at short range scan 0407.7) With impulse engines operating at sixty percent power, it will take one minute and forty seconds. We are within transporter range. Mister Scott.
The modification would increase our sensor efficiency and imaging resolution by twenty five percent or more. Commander, I would like to remind you about my poetry reading this afternoon. Then we sat on the sand for some time and observed How the oceans that cover the world were perturbed By the tides from the orbiting moon overhead 'How relaxing the sound of the waves is,' you said. I began to expound upon tidal effects When you asked me to stop, looking somewhat perplexed. So I did not explain why the sunset turns red And we watched the occurrence, in silence, instead. (applause) That poem was written in anapaestic tetrameter. For my ninth poem, Throughout the ages, from Keats to Jorkemo, poets have composed odes to individuals who have had a profound effect on their lives. In keeping with that tradition, I have written my next poem in honour of my cat. I call it Ode to Spot. Felis catus is your taxonomic nomenclature. An endothermic quadruped, carnivorous by nature. Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses Contribute to your hunting skill and natural defences. I find myself intrigued by your subvocal oscillations. A singular development of cat communications That obviates your basic hedonistic predilection, For a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection. A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents. You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance. And when not being utilised to aid in locomotion It often serves to illustrate the state of your emotions. (Riker snores, Deanna pokes him awake and he starts clapping) Commander, you have anticipated my denouement. However, the sentiment is appreciated. I will continue. Oh, Spot, the complex levels of behaviour you display Connote a fairly well developed cognitive array. And though you are not sentient, Spot, and do not comprehend I nonetheless consider you a true and valued friend. [Sickbay] Geordi, active scanner output has increased by twenty six percent. Geordi, may I make a personal inquiry? It concerns my poetry reading. I noticed that many spectators seemed distracted during my presentation. Was my poetry uninteresting? Thank you. And? Did it evoke an emotional response? Your hesitation suggests you are trying to protect my feelings. However, since I have none, I would prefer you to be honest. An artist's growth depends upon accurate feedback. Then I did not succeed in my efforts. I am reading a massive EPS explosion. I am attempting to localise it. It is Cargo bay four. The field imbalance has subsided. What is it? Are you all right, Geordi? I will run the integrity scan. I have just started the scan. Did you not go to Sickbay? That is not possible. My internal chronometer indicates you have been gone for exactly one minute, fifteen seconds. Computer, what is the time, please? You are correct. Ninety two minutes, seventeen seconds have passed since you left the room. I have no memory of events during that period. When we are finished here, I will perform a self-diagnostic. Sensors are functioning normally. They are detecting a subspace particle emission originating from within this room. The emission is emanating from this direction. Geordi. (something is going on at the panel Geordi was examining earlier) (a little later, Picard is there) The structure of the bulkhead has been altered on a subatomic level. The metal itself is in a state of quasi-molecular flux. It appears to be composed of spatially inverted tetryon particles. We believe they are emanating from a tertiary subspace manifold. I have completed my self diagnostic, and have confirmed that I was not aboard the Enterprise for ninety minutes seventeen seconds yesterday afternoon. Whenever I am on the ship, the warp field leaves an electromagnetic signal on my internal servo-fluid system. Between the period of twelve fifty four and fourteen twenty six hours that signature is missing. It appears to be the beginnings of a spatial rupture. At the rate the rupture is expanding, we will soon be in danger of hull breach. No, sir. The spatial rupture is creating severe nucleonic interference. It is impossible to obtain a positive lock on the bulkheads. Tetryon particles have a random momentum. Our sensors cannot track them, sir. Without further reinforcement, containment field integrity will fail in approximately fourteen minutes. [Engineering] At the present rate, containment failure will occur in approximately nine minutes. [Alien lab] (The alien removes Riker's head restraint) [Cargo bay] Captain, the containment field is beginning to fluctuate. Failure anticipated in [Engineering] Data to Engineering. The graviton pulse is having an effect. Tetryon emissions have decreased by nineteen percent. (the light gets brighter) Captain, additional subharmonics have appeared. They are reinforcing the tetryon emissions. They appear to be counter-acting the graviton pulse. [Engineering] Tetryon emissions continue to increase. The rupture is still expanding. [Engineering] The rupture is beginning to close, sir. [Engineering] Based on the information gathered by Commander Riker's tricorder, we have determined that the molecular structure of the alien life forms is solanogen-based. The tricorder readings indicate they created a small pocket of our universe in their laboratory to keep those they abducted alive. No sir. We were unable to track it once it left the cargo bay. Possibly they were simply curious. Explorers like ourselves.
Imagination is not necessary. The scale is readily quantifiable. We are presently generating twelve point seven five billion gigawatts per (an alarm goes off) Temperature in the reaction chamber has increased by forty seven percent. Temperature increase is at one hundred six percent and rising. Plasma inductors are not responding. Temperature in the reaction chamber has returned to normal. [Observation lounge] Yes, Captain. It is not consistent with what we know of them, sir. Aye, sir. [Amanda's quarters] Captain, message coming in from Tagra Four. Captain? I have some information regarding Amanda Rogers' parents. Records indicate that they died in Topeka, Kansas. Their home was destroyed during a tornado. Unknown, sir. The bodies were found in the rubble after the storm had passed. Aye, sir. [Medical lab] Captain. I have further information regarding the tornado that killed Amanda Rogers' parents. It was unusually compact, yet extremely powerful. Its recorded wind velocity was characteristic of a funnel three times its size. Aye, sir. [Amanda's quarters] If we can use phase buffers we may be able to devise a mechanism that can be integrated into the present system while it is in operation. (Amanda appears. Data and Geordi stare at her. She's about to leave when Q sticks his head out of the warp core) Captain, I am reading a massive energy fluctuation in the planet's atmosphere. Atmospheric contaminants have dropped to less than one part per trillion. The ecosystem has been restored to its natural state.
Almost. It is being stored in shuttlebay two. Sir. We've been scanning the area since entering the system, but our readings are being disrupted. Extreme fluctuations in the electromagnetic field. However, there is no evidence of stellar or seismic activity which would cause the interference. Minor damage to one ship. Its shields are holding. Sensors and secondary generators are offline. Life support down to sixty seven percent. I am detecting transporter signatures in three cargo bays. We are being boarded, sir. [Corridor] (Young Picard gets to a turbolift, and meets an armed Ferengi stepping out)
In theory, my neural network should be able to sustain key systems until primary control is restored. Geordi, I have noticed that you have not shaved. Are you attempting to grow another beard? As is the case with many natural growth processes, it is difficult to envision the end product based on an intermediate stage. One moment. (Data taps the back of his head and another panel opens up) I do not understand. You are constantly working on similar electronic systems, yet their appearances do not disturb you. Thank you, Geordi. Nor are you just another biological organism. Yes. Establishing computer linkup. Interface complete. I am now attempting to access the long range sensor array. I will perform a routine maintenance check on the starboard inertial damping system. Initiating gravitational (Data twitches) There appears to be an energy fluctuation in my neural net. I am disconnecting my interface to the computer. Interface deactivated. I have experienced a brief power surge in my positronic subprocessor. But I am fine. Geordi, perhaps this problem is related to our interface experiment. And I will perform a self-diagnostic. Feline supplement one hundred twenty seven. Spot, I have formulated a new mixture of foods specifically designed for your highly selective tastes. (but Spot runs away from the bowl of food) I find it extremely difficult to predict what you will find acceptable. Perhaps hunger will compel you to try it again. (Data goes to his desk, and Spot jumps on to it) Spot, you are disrupting my ability to work. (He puts Spot on the floor, but she jumps up again) Vamoose, you little varmint. [Gold Strike saloon] When the interface malfunction occurred, subroutine C forty seven was replaced by elements from my personal programming. That would explain why your music composition programme began playing The Slavonic Dances. I have been analysing the collected works of Antonin Dvorak. I have been formulating nutritional supplements for Spot. We are currently attempting to isolate the corrupt circuit pathways. I reckon the process should take less then two hours. I said the process should take less than two hours. According to my memory log, I did not use those words. Ya'll must be mistaken. Did whut? Howdy, Commander. Well, we figure part of my memory structure (normally) was replaced with information from the computer's recreational data base. You got it, partner. Commander. You just sit tight. We'll have this all fixed up in time for supper.
I am reading significant power fluctuations from the station core. Please report. [Particle fountain laboratory] Commander La Forge, please report. [Particle fountain laboratory] How were you able to accomplish the repair so quickly? [Particle fountain laboratory] Energise. Welcome to the Enterprise, Doctor. I am Lieutenant Commander Data. And I have studied your design for the particle fountain. I find the concept to be highly innovative. I am curious how you were able to repair the power grid so quickly. Actually, that is no longer the case. I have recently converted my interlink sequencer to asynchronous operation, which removed the performance constraint. The interlink sequencer is now bi-directional. It compensates for the asynchronous mode distortion arising from the resonant field. Exocomps? The correct procedure would be to adjust the converter. A mode stabiliser. You have incorporated a micro-replication system into the device in order to fashion tools. So in a sense, they are learning. Exocomps are highly sophisticated devices, sir. If they perform up to expectation, their potential to advance this project is considerable. Thank you, Doctor. I welcome the opportunity. [Particle fountain laboratory] (the exocomp finishes work on a circuit board) I agree, Doctor. I have successfully completed fourteen separate tasks with this exocomp in the past hour. I estimate it would take two people nine hours to complete the same tasks. I would characterise the unit's performance as excellent. I am confident they will. Commander La Forge is especially (the exocomp comes back out of the access tube) It is not accepting your commands. Doctor. Geordi, the interface circuitry which links the exocomp to the control pad is completely burned out. No. Interesting. The number of new circuit pathways has increased by six hundred thirty two percent. Doctor, the new pathways do not appear to be interfering with the original circuitry. Apparently there was a micro-fracture in the conduit wall. The fault did not register on our instruments. Geordi, are you implying the exocomp exhibited some form of self-preservation? Computer perform a level one diagnostic of the exocomp's command module. How can that be, if the interface circuitry is burned out? Curious. Computer, access the exocomp's sensor logs. Confirm that there was a failure of the interface circuitry within the last twelve hours. How and when was it repaired? Why would the exocomp burn out its own interface circuitry and repair it two hours later? Doctor, are you injured? Doctor, what is the definition of life? I am searching for a definition that will allow me to test an hypothesis. [Crusher's office] And you suggest that anything which exhibits these characteristics is considered alive? What about fire? Yes. It consumes fuel to produce energy, it grows, it creates offspring. By your definition, is it alive? And what about me? I do not grow. I do not reproduce. I am considered to be alive. I wonder if that is so. I am curious as to what transpired between the moment when I was nothing more than an assemblage of parts in Doctor Soong's laboratory, and the next moment, when I became alive. What was it that endowed me with life? Are you saying the question cannot be answered? I believe I understand, Doctor. On the contrary, you have been a great deal of help. Thank you. [Particle fountain laboratory] Doctor, I must ask you to stop using the exocomps. No. It is not that. I have reason to believe the exocomps are alive. Captain's log, stardate 46316.6. I have summoned the senior staff in order to discuss Commander Data's theory that the exocomps are a life form. Doctor Farallon has attended only reluctantly. [Observation lounge] Sir, when the exocomp left the access tunnel prior to the explosion, it may have been attempting to save itself from destruction. Yes. When you attempted to override the exocomp and send it back into the tunnel, it responded by deliberately burning out its control interface. The computer diagnostic showed that the exocomp disabled its own interface. However, two hours later, when it was aboard the Enterprise and no longer in danger, it repaired itself. I believe the exocomp was protecting itself. And if that is true, it has demonstrated an awareness of its environment, and an ability to adapt to that environment. Doctor, there is a big difference between you and a virus, but both are alive. Thank you, sir. And until we have a definitive answer, I believe it would be inappropriate to exploit the exocomps as labourers. Yes. We have created a small conduit breach in this tube. The exocomp would normally require several minutes to complete a repair of this type. Once it enters the tube, it will find that a plasma cascade failure is in progress. Thank you for your help, Doctor. As do I, sir. Thank you. (later, Data is repeating the experiment) That is true. I have completed thirty four additional tests and the results have been the same in each of them. Perhaps I was wrong in suspecting the exocomp was alive. You said earlier that I am unique. If so, then I am alone in the universe. When I began investigating the exocomps, I realised I might be encountering a progenitor of myself. Suddenly the possibility exists that I was no longer alone. For that reason, I. The exocomp has returned. In the previous thirty four trials, I brought it back once the simulated failure occurred. This time we were talking, and I neglected to do that. Do not apologise, Doctor. I believe we have discovered something significant. The exocomp has replicated a different tool. That is not the molecular fuser it had when it entered the Jefferies tube. Doctor, the exocomp not only completed the repairs, it also deactivated the overload signal. It was, and the exocomp must have realised that. It saw that there was no real danger and completed the repairs. I see no other possible explanation. Commander, the particle fountain is continuing to surge. At the present rate, the radiation in the station core will reach fatal levels in twenty three minutes. [Particle fountain laboratory] A force field was activated on the station a few moments ago. It is possible that Commander La Forge has established a low intensity deflector field. No, sir. My readings indicate that it will fail in approximately twenty two minutes. (Farallon enters) I estimate that it would take a minimum of sixty five minutes to properly configure the torpedo. Commander. I must object to that plan. Doctor Crusher and I discovered that the exocomp did not fail the test. It is still my belief we are dealing with a new life form. Commander, if I am correct, the exocomps will not allow themselves to be destroyed. They have a sense of survival, and they will shut down before they will comply with the order. Commander, that will not be necessary. The transporter is not malfunctioning. I have locked out the controls. [Observation lounge] I cannot do that, sir. That is your prerogative, sir. Under Starfleet regulations, direct insubordination is a court martial offence. But I will not release the transporter. Commander, please do not think this is an arbitrary decision. I have considered the ramifications of my actions carefully, and I do not believe it is justifiable to sacrifice one life form for another. It is true I am acting on my personal beliefs, but I do not see how I can do otherwise. I have observed that humans often base their judgments on what is referred to as instinct or intuition. Because I am a machine, I lack that particular ability. However it may be possible that I have insight into other machines that humans lack. Then let me offer an alternative. Transport me to the station, I will attempt a complete manual shut down of the particle stream. Commander, if I give my life to save my fellow officers, that is my choice. The exocomps no longer have a choice. That sounds reasonable, sir. If they choose to go, I would be willing to release the transporter lock out. If the exocomps do not shut down after I have programmed them, we may assume they are willing to go. (the exocomps flash their lights, wave their little antennae and beep at each other) They seem to be re-programming the commands I have entered. Clearly, they unwilling to be transported into the stream for detonation, although they may have an alternate solution. No, Doctor, but they do have superior experience. During their service, they have interfaced with every part of the station core, something none of us has done, including yourself. They may have another way to control the particle surge. (the exocomps create their tools for the job) Those appear to be power taps. Can you lock on to the exocomps? It was the only way to save the other two. [Ready room] Thank you, Doctor. I wish your work on the particle fountain had been more successful. Perhaps the exocomps will help you to reconstruct it. Doctor. (Farallon leaves) Yes, sir. I thought you might want to know why I would be willing to risk your life for several small machines. No, sir, it was not. When my status as a living being was in question, you fought to protect my rights, and for that I will always be grateful. The exocomps had no such advocate. If I had not acted in their behalf, they would have been destroyed. I could not allow that to happen, sir.
He is the commanding officer of the Cairo. Sir, the transfer interface was not designed for that configuration. It will take seven hours to make those changes. We will arrive in fifty one hours, thirty two minutes, sir. That is an attainable goal, but it will require realigning the warp coil and taking the secondary distribution grid offline. I believe that is also an attainable goal. If we utilise the entire Engineering department, there should be sufficient manpower available to complete the task. Captain on the Bridge. Captain on the Bridge.
It is possible that the Cardassians were specifically interested in capturing Captain Picard. The metagenic weapon they were supposedly developing used a theta-band subspace delivery system. Captain Picard is one of only three Starfleet Captains with extensive experience in theta-band devices. The other two are no longer in Starfleet. If your theory is correct, the Cardassians may be planning an attack somewhere in this sector. Aye, sir. Set course three five zero mark two one five and engage at warp eight point five. [Interrogation room] (Picard is lying on the floor, singing through parched lips) In seventeen hours their hull degradation will reach dangerous levels. They will have to leave before that.
it was then that I began to suspect that your brother did not die by his own hand. That he was, in fact, murdered. That was the first clue, Watson. The vial contained strychnine, which as you well know induces violent muscular spasms. It is difficult to imagine that someone in the throes of so gruesome a death could have held on to so delicate a container without shattering it. Exactly! The vial was placed in his hand after he died. The cigar, of course. Upon closer inspection of the room where your brother was found, I discovered a fresh burn mark on the carpet. Further analysis of the ash revealed that the cigar was laced with strychnine. With practice, handwriting can be forged. It takes a trained eye to notice certain discrepancies. For example, whether someone is right or left handed! (Data throws a box of matches to the gentleman, who catches it in his right hand.) Your brother was right handed! The alleged suicide note was written by a left handed individual such as yourself! Curious. There seems to be a problem in the holodeck's spatial orientation systems. Sherlock Holmes programme three A has demonstrated some very curious anomalies. Since both planets are gas giants, neither possesses a solid surface. Their atmospheres, however, will come into contact in approximately seventeen hours nine minutes. Data to Security. Send two officers to holodeck three. This contradicts everything we know about holodeck physics. There is also no way of knowing if the Professor's ability to exist off the holodeck is permanent. It may be unwise to consider creating a second individual while this uncertainty exists. Within the next five hours, sir. (two angry red balls of gas within touching distance of each other on the viewscreen) Command functions are being rerouted, sir. Unknown, sir. Aye, sir. Perhaps we should consider the transporter system. It uses many of the same principles as the holodeck. Both, for example, are capable of converting energy into matter. However, if it were possible to lock onto the object, it might rematerialise with the same molecular cohesion as conventional matter. Set the pattern enhancers around whatever object you wish to transport. I will proceed to the transporter room and begin modifications. Go ahead, Lieutenant. Modifications are complete. [221B Baker Street] Activating pattern enhancers. Energising. I am having difficulty establishing a pattern lock. (to technician) Boost the confinement beam, please. Pattern lock established. [221b Baker Street] No. It lost its cohesion as soon as the transporter cycle was complete. [221b Baker Street] Computer, display the transport logs for the sequence just completed. (no data available) Computer, what is being displayed here? That is the correct log. However, no information [221b Baker Street] Our attempt to transport the chair never occurred. [Engineering] Geordi. (Data throws a small device to La Forge, who catches it in his left hand) Captain, I have determined how Moriarty was able to leave the holodeck. He never did. Neither did we. None of this is real. It is a simulation. We are still on the holodeck. Through deduction, sir. Lieutenant Barclay and I tried to transport a simulated object off the holodeck, something that has never been attempted. Since the transporter itself is a simulation, the computer had no real data from which to create the transport logs. Then I saw you working the PADD with your left hand. Commander La Forge is right handed, sir. A similar malfunction occurred in the Sherlock Holmes programme I was running before Moriarty first appeared. Moriarty appears to have programmed the holodeck to accept only his commands. You and I are real, sir, as is Lieutenant Barclay. We entered the holodeck together when we first went to see Moriarty. I believe that is the case, sir. You may have inadvertently given Professor Moriarty the means of gaining control of the real Enterprise. Less than three hours. Did Moriarty release the voice commands, Captain? When he was attempting to contact the real Bridge, he was in fact speaking to a simulation. In a way, Doctor. However, there is no physicality. The programme is continuous but only within the computer's circuitry.
Commander Morag, we have discovered that the encrypted message bank on the station has been tampered with. Our analysis indicates that twenty seven priority Starfleet messages are missing. Your DNA was also found on the message control module.
There is no sign of the freighter, sir. We are the only ship in the area. Sensors indicate no other ships within three light years. It appears to be the remains of a ship. My analysis indicates that it was an Antares class freighter. I do not believe so, sir. That would not be consistent with the debris pattern. However, sensors indicate extremely high levels of residual antiprotons. Correct. Based on the antiproton decay, I would estimate the incident occurred within the last four point three hours. Sensors are picking up a polarised magnetic distortion to our port side. The distortion is extremely weak, sir. It appears to be moving slowly. It is gone, sir. The distortion no longer registers on our instruments. Unknown, sir. Our understanding of Romulan technology is still limited. The distortion has reappeared, sir, bearing three three seven mark ten. It has disappeared again, sir. It has disappeared once again, sir. I believe it may have been coming to a halt. Sir, the magnetic distortion has reappeared. It appears to be moving toward us, closing slowly. Its bearing indicates a possible collision course. I am unable to make a precise measurement. However I would estimate impact within ninety seconds. Time to impact approximately sixty seconds.
Are you feeling all right? Captain Thomas Halloway. Perhaps I should escort you to Sickbay.
Commander, I am reading a minor power drain in the starboard EPS conduit. The problem's originating in Sickbay. There has been an unauthorized access into the computer's bio-imaging systems. Aye, sir. [Medical lab] (a young, eager, intense Doctor in engrossed in what he is doing) Excuse me. Do you have authorisation to work in this area? I am sorry, but use of sickbay equipment is limited to ship's medical personnel. Data. Yes. I would be happy to do so. However, I must ask you to stop your experiment. What type of device is this? It appears to employ plasma inputs. I suggest we take it to Engineering and run a complete circuit-pathway diagnostic. If we transfer twenty megajoules of energy from the dilithium chamber into the plasma inputs, it should be sufficient to activate the device. Certainly. I can control the rate of my follicle replenishment. However, I have not yet had a reason to modify the length of my hair. Why do you ask? Power conduits are ready. Is something wrong, Doctor? Yes. I do have a functional respiration system. However, its purpose is to maintain thermal control of my internal systems. I am, in fact, capable of functioning for extended periods in a vacuum. My circulatory system not only produces bio-chemical lubricants, it regulates micro-hydraulic power. Most people are interested in my extraordinary abilities. How fast I can compute, my memory capacity, how long I will live. No one has ever asked me if my hair will grow, or noticed that I can breathe. Power connections are complete. Of course. We are ready, Geordi. Transient response is normal. I believe so. What has happened? That cannot be possible. I have a memory record for that period of time. I can recall a series of images. I saw Doctor Soong. My father. (after the adverts, tests are continuing) My internal diagnostic indicates that my memory systems are functioning within normal parameters. For the forty seven seconds that I was inactive, there is no record of cognitive activity. That cannot be. The image I saw was of Doctor Soong as a young man. I did not encounter him until much later in his life. There appears to be no rational explanation for my experience. How so? I am not capable of either of those functions. At present, I cannot. I am sorry to bother you, but I have a question of a personal nature. Do you have a moment? I have heard you mention that you once experienced a vision. I understand it involves deep meditation in the lava caves of No'Mat. That prolonged exposure to the heat induces a hallucinatory effect. I have recently had an unusual experience, which might be described as a vision. An accident in Engineering shut down my cognitive functions for a short period of time, yet I seemed to remain conscious. I saw my father. If it was a vision, I do not know how to proceed. But I am not looking for my father. Thank you, Worf. [Promenade] (Morn is in conversation with a blue-skinned woman when Worf spots Shrek on the upper level) I am sorry to disturb you, sir. I require your advice. I have come to an impasse regarding my recent unexplained experience. I have analysed over four thousand different religious and philosophical systems, as well as over two hundred psychological schools of thought, in an effort to understand what happened. I have been unable to find a single interpretation of the images I saw during the time I was shut down. The hammer, for instance, has several meanings. The Klingon culture views the hammer as a symbol of power. However, the Taqua tribe of Nagor sees it as an icon of hearth and home. The Ferengis view it as a sign of sexual prowess. The interpretation of visions and other metaphysical experiences are almost always culturally derived, and I have no culture of my own. I believe I understand, sir. Thank you. Come in. I am painting. I have created twenty three individual illustrations in the past six hours, twenty seven minutes. I believe you could say I have been inspired. I have done as Captain Picard suggested. I have tried to explore the images. I am not certain. I began by painting the image of the blacksmith. Then I painted the corridor. After that, the anvil, the hammer, and Doctor Soong's face. The thought then occurred to me that I should paint smoke. I cannot explain it. It is not an image I saw during my vision. Perhaps. After I painted the smoke, it then occurred to me to paint a bird's wing. I then drew an entire bird. A flock of birds flying in formation. An individual feather. If the image of a bird is related to my vision, I do not understand how. I am left with more of a mystery than ever. Geordi, I would like to recreate the experiment which caused my initial shut down. I do not know how much longer my vision would have continued had I not been reactivated. I am aware of the risks involved. But I can think of no other way to investigate my experience. Will you help? I will prepare the power transfer. [Engineering] Agreed. The bird did not appear in my original experience. This vision is different. [Bridge] (There is no furniture, no equipment) What is happening, Father? We are on the Bridge of the Enterprise. My cat is present, my potted plant, and my paintings. I do not understand. What type of journey? (Data is lying on a bed) I do not understand. The images I saw during the time I was shut down were generated by a series of previously dormant circuits in my neural net. I believe Doctor Soong incorporated those circuits into my base programming, intending to activate them when I reached a certain level of development. That is correct. I plan to shut down my cognitive functions for a brief period each day. I hope to generate new internal visions. An accurate analogy. Of course not.
Captain. It has been quite a day, has it not? However, a change of routine is often invigorating and can be a welcome diversion after a long assignment. I understand that Arkaria has some very interesting weather patterns. Yes, sir. I am attempting to fill a silent moment with non-relevant conversation. Yes, sir. I have found that humans often use small talk during awkward moments. Therefore, I have written a new subroutine for that purpose. How did I do? Thank you, sir. I will. [Bridge] It is very good to see you both again. Beverly. May I call you Beverly? Beverly, have you noticed that the mean temperature here on Arkaria is slightly higher normal for human comfort levels? I have found that humans prefer a body temperature of twenty one degrees Celsius in order to operate most efficiently. However, there are several cultures who actually prefer that their body temperature is identical to the temperature of the room in which they are standing. The Sheliak, for example. Hmm. Yes. I find it fascinating that your family chose to drop the prefix Pel from your surname. It was my understanding that Pel Orton is a more noble appellation on Arkaria than simply Orton. Perhaps the recent Arkarian trend toward a more egalitarian society is partly responsible, eh? As a matter of fact, I find it oddly amusing. There are several cultures in this sector with extremely similar etymological histories. For example The pleasure is mine, Hutch. I have been meaning to compliment you on your choice of colours here. I can well imagine. The light in this room would make colour selection exceptionally problematic. Yes, but Tyrellian laser art is very similar in both form and composition. Really? Did you know that there are currently five Tyrellians serving aboard the Enterprise. I was aware of that. But are you aware that Tyrellia is one of seven known planets with no atmosphere whatsoever. It is possible that Geordi upset their timetable when he saw the hidden weapons. If they do not have a plan for this contingency, we may have the initiative. Perhaps we can use the visor as a weapon. If the optical transducer were modified, we might be able to generate a hypersonic pulse. That was a perimeter warning from the Remmler Array. A small ship is approaching. I believe Mister Orton has dropped his defence shields. I will try, sir. Are you all right, Captain? [Ten Forward] Sir, an unidentified [Arkaria base] Scout ship has just beamed someone off the Enterprise. [Ten Forward]
Actually, good morning, sir. Ship status is Aye, sir. I'm sorry, sir, but Stellar Cartography has requested a communications blackout while they run an experiment. Another three hours twenty two minutes, sir. I can override it if necessary. Aye, sir. [Ready room] Captain, I would like to remind you of our concert this evening in Ten Forward. We will perform Chopin's Trio in G Minor. I noticed that the applause this evening exceeded average decibel levels. Excuse me. I have not yet congratulated Ensign Cheney. Is there a problem, Geordi? Music? I do not hear anything. Thermal deflectors generate a field approximately four hundred metres wide. We would need to cross-connect six units and align them so the fields overlap.
Captain, I have completed the spectral evaluation of the outer shell. Our survey of this protostar is complete. At our present speed, we will arrive at the Atalia system in thirty seven hours. I have located the shuttle. It is under attack. Professor Galen is still inside his vessel, sir. His vital signs are barely registering. When he was attacked, Professor Galen began to protect certain files in his computer memory. They could mean anything. Unless we can narrow the parameters of the search, it would be almost impossible for the computer to identify the pattern with any accuracy. Yes, sir. The logs indicate Professor Galen visited an unexplored star system, Ruah Four. Four days at warp six, sir. Ruah Four is a class-M planet. Sixty seven percent of its surface is covered with water. Its landmass contains multiple animal species, including a genus of proto-hominids. There is nothing to indicate former occupancy by even a primitive culture, sir. The Indri system was first identified by Federation vessels nearly sixty years ago. The eighth planet is L-class. It is covered by deciduous vegetation, unexplored, with no apparent evidence of civilisations, either present or past. The planet possesses no animal life whatsoever. Sensors are picking up severe atmospheric fluctuations on the planet. All life on the planet is being destroyed, sir. If we narrow the search parameters to the biological database, it might increase the chances of the computer finding a match. The genetic information must have been incorporated into the earliest lifeforms on these planets, and then passed down through each generation. Seventeen, sir. We are approaching the Loren system. We are now entering orbit. Captain. (The Klingon enters his data and more sections link up) Captain. The computer is processing the data. I will be notified as soon as there is any information. I am familiar with many Klingon rituals, including the B'aht Qul. (Nu'Daq sits opposite Data, both elbows on the table and hands raised. Data mirrors him, putting his hands inside Nu'Daq's) My upper spinal support is a polyalloy designed to withstand extreme stress. My skull is composed of cortenide and duranium. You are attempting to bribe me. You suggested a plan that would work to your advantage, one that I would be capable of executing. You then implied a reward. Clearly you were The computer has completed its analysis. The star is in sector two one four five nine. The Rahm Izad system. (and Ocett instantly beams out. The Enterprise is fired on by both Cardassian ships) [Bridge] I am scanning all seven planets of the Vilmoran system. None appears to support life. Correction. The second planet shows evidence of an ancient ocean, now dry. Yes, and it still may, in a limited fashion not detectable by our long range sensors. I am reading a small pocket of vegetative life. A primitive lichen growing in a fossilised seabed.
Most humanoids have the potential to be irrational. Perhaps you should attempt to access that part of your psyche. You're becoming agitated. I can see we have a lot of work to do. (Data leaves stage left) Perhaps we should continue this discussion next week You're starting to sound angry again. Maybe you need another treatment. You're becoming agitated. I can see we have a lot of work to do. (Data exits) Commander, I must compliment you on your performance this evening. Your unexpected choice to improvise was an effective method of drawing the audience into the plight of your character. You gave a truly realistic interpretation of multi-infarct dementia. Commander. Commander, are you all right? (Riker breaks away and runs)
Captain, the shuttle has been launched. External temperature is zero point nine million Kelvins and rising. Radiation levels are nearing ten thousand rads. Outside temperature is rising rapidly. One point seven million Kelvins. Radiation levels outside the shuttle are nearing fourteen thousand rads. Sensors indicate an increased level of baryon particles in the cabin. Baryon levels are continuing to rise, sir. The shuttle is emerging from the corona, sir. The flow regulator is functioning properly. Yes, Doctor. I am unable to locate any malfunction. All systems are operating according to your design specifications. [Shuttlebay] Perhaps there was an unexpected interaction between the solar radiation and the metaphasic shield. I am running additional diagnostics to make certain there was no permanent radiation damage to the shuttlecraft hull. There was no evidence to suggest sabotage. The system interlocks prevent access to the circuitry unless the shield emitter is active. Any attempt to sabotage the device would have to be made while the shield was in operation. That is correct. It seems unlikely that Jo'Bril would perform sabotage which would result in his own death. A phased ionic pulse beamed directly into the metaphasic projection matrix would result in a temporary system malfunction. Such a pulse could be initiated from the lateral sensor arrays, science labs one, four, and sixteen, or any of the bridge science stations. A tetryon field would be formed briefly in the cabin, temporarily disrupting the metaphasic shield. Captain, an unscheduled launch is taking place in Shuttlebay two. Bearing two seven one mark four, sir. She is headed into the sun's corona. Sir, the shuttle is entering the corona. Captain, there is no indication of debris. However, the subspace signal indicates a warp engine breach.
Good morning, Commander. I found it extremely interesting. The lateral sensor arrays ran three separate spectral analyses of the Alawanir Nebula on three distinct frequencies. I will have the report sent to you, sir. We are still on course for the Gariman sector. Our speed is warp six, ETA thirteen hundred hours. Sickbay reported one minor injury in the exobiology department at zero four twenty hours. Yes, sir. I was not informed of any change in the duty roster. The appearance of Kahless in the lava caves is consistent with the stories found in the Klingon sacred texts. Lieutenant? May I ask a question? In the absence of empirical data, how will you determine whether or not this is the real Kahless? Faith? Then you do believe Kahless may have supernatural attributes? As an android, I am unable to accept that which cannot be proven through rational means. I would appreciate hearing your insights on this matter. They have been sitting here for three hours seventeen minutes. They refuse to transport back to the ship with the rest of Gowron's men. They insisted on waiting here until they see Kahless again. Their faith appears to be unaffected by his inability to defeat Gowron. They still believe. Does that mean you no longer believe this is the real Kahless? I am curious. Do you still think the real Kahless will return someday? Or has this experience only deepened the spiritual crisis which originally sent you to Boreth? I understand your dilemma. I once had what could be considered a crisis of the spirit. Yes. The Starfleet officers who first activated me on Omicron Theta told me I was an android, nothing more than a sophisticated machine with human form. However I realised that if I were simply a machine, I could never be anything else. I could never grow beyond my programming. I found that difficult to accept, so I chose to believe that I was a person, that I had the potential to be more than a collection of circuits and subprocessors. It is a belief which I still hold. I made a leap of faith. [Observation lounge] (Worf enters)
Yes, sir. It appears we will be able to transport to the surface sooner than anticipated. No, sir. Using the Potemkin's transport logs from the original evacuation, Commander La Forge and I were able to modify the transporters. The transporters are considerably more efficient than those used on the Potemkin eight years ago. Ninety seven minutes, sir. Twenty six minutes. After that, the distortion field will re-phase. The planet's proximity to its sun will create two additional transport windows in the next three days. It will have to be, sir. The next transport window will not occur for another eight years, when the planet's orbit will bring it close enough to the sun to de-phase the distortion field. Aye, sir. [Research station] (consoles are lit up) Commander. Commander, someone is approaching. A humanoid. Forty metres due east and closing. (they take up defensive positions and a figure in tattered clothing comes through the door. He looks like Riker's identical twin!) May I ask how you got here? Why did you not return to the Potemkin with the others? An interesting approach. He must have been planning to reintegrate the two patterns in the transport buffer. Many of its components have been removed. Apparently Lieutenant Riker used them to keep the station's radiation shield operational. We have less than three minutes left. The game is five card draw, no limit. Ante, please. (Data deals) Lieutenant? Mister Worf? Commander. Dealer takes two. You control the bet, Lieutenant. I will call. Dealer folds. Lieutenant, I am curious about something. If you met a double of yourself, would you have difficulty interacting with him? Why? But Commander Riker and Lieutenant Riker are. Yet they seem to have trouble getting along with each another. I have found that humans value their uniqueness, that sense that they are different from every one else. The existence of a double would preclude that feeling. Could that be the source of the friction? They have restored the servo link to the core. We can begin downloading the database.
Computer activate automatic helm control. Did you help him with his research, Counsellor? I thought it was a topic you were interested in. I have a memory record of the entire lecture, Counsellor. I can repeat the portions you missed, if you It was not painful? My memory record does not indicate a pause or disruption during that time period. My internal chronometer and the ship's computer are both perfectly synchronised. There does not appear to be a temporal discrepancy. You were motionless for three minutes eleven seconds. Aye, sir. The Enterprise is not responding to our hails. No, sir. Aye, sir. (later, Geordi and Data are at the controls when there's a noise, alarms and the vessel tilts) We have an engine failure warning in the Attitude control has been restored. Geordi, I believe I have an explanation. According to the plasma conversion sensor, the starboard engine has been in continuous operation for forty seven days. Captain, I am detecting a temporal disturbance intersecting the table. It appears that within the disturbance, time is moving at an accelerated rate, approximately fifty times faster than normal. The disturbance is spherical in shape. It is extending outward from the hull approximately seventeen metres from the ship. It does not appear to be affected. Course plotted. Adjust pitch to twenty seven point three degrees. Set heading one eight zero [Runabout cockpit] All stop. [Runabout cockpit] There is another temporal disturbance directly behind us. [Runabout cockpit] Within each disturbance it appears that time is moving at a different rate. The fragmentation effect continues along a heading of two seven zero mark one five. The fragmentation effect is increasing. The Enterprise and the warbird both appear to be trapped within one of the temporal fragments. Sensors cannot penetrate the subspace field. I am unable to scan within the vessels. It is impossible to tell from a visual inspection. However, it appears to be focused on the warbird's Engineering section. That would be inadvisable, sir. In each of the three instances we came into contact with one of the temporal fragments, we were integrated into its time frame. The emergency transporter armbands contain a type seven phase discriminator. It should be possible to reconfigure their subspace emitters. I will attempt to narrow the field, sir. Counsellor? Captain, the equipment is no longer functioning. However, the information currently displayed indicates that there was a massive power surge in Engineering. (Picard checks the tactical station. Worf is not on duty) Captain, I believe I have found the cause of the power surge. There is a warp core breach in progress. (there's a puff of smoke/steam coming out of the warp core) It is the flashpoint of a warp core explosion. And it is expanding. We were incorrect, sir. I have determined that time is moving forward at an infinitesimal rate. Our initial conclusion was based on our observations of the crew. A warp core breach moves at a much faster rate. The motion of the cloud is within my visual detection threshold. At its current expansion rate, it will consume the Enterprise in approximately nine hours, seventeen minutes. It is no longer a question of stopping it, sir. The explosion has already occurred. The fact that it is moving slowly changes nothing. No. However, the console displays indicate a power transfer in progress between the Enterprise and the Romulan ship at the moment time decelerated. That is why there is a second beam between the two ships. Perhaps we should go aboard the Romulan ship. The answer to that question may (Picard is laughing) Captain? (Picard has drawn a smiley face in the cloud. He laughs and points, then staggers) In much the same way deep sea divers experience nitrogen narcosis, you experienced a form of temporal narcosis. This is highly unusual. The crew is not at battle stations. The ship is on evacuation alert. Perhaps the warbird was trying to destroy the Enterprise. Geordi, the engine core is completely inactive. It appears to be a highly focused aperture in the space-time continuum. Its energy signature matches that of the temporal fragments we observed earlier. However, it is approximately one point two million times as intense. I believe this may be the origin of the temporal fragmentation. I am not certain. They exhibit a complex bioelectric patterns. Very possibly organic. From the molecular configuration, it appears (tricorder beeps) The aperture is beginning to fluctuate. I believe (there's a bright light and the Romulans start moving. One behaves very strangely indeed) I believe my tricorder emissions caused the temporal aperture to activate. I suggest we avoid exposing it to any [Runabout cockpit] They may have been attempting to eject their engine core. We must get him to the runabout. Yes, but I am getting unusual readings from his bioscan. I am not sure he is a Romulan. [Runabout living section] His cellular structure does not conform to any known species. His bioelectric patterns are in a state of temporal flux. I do not believe that this being is native to our time continuum. Correct, sir. This is a biospectral analysis of the temporal aperture. The organic readings originated from these dark spots. Its bioelectric patterns are similar to those of the alien's. However, they are significantly less complex. Its cellular structure appears to be in a state of mitosis. It is possible. If I could further scan the aperture, it might be possible to His molecular structure is destabilising. Captain, I believe the aliens mistook the artificial singularity, which the Romulans use in their engine, for a natural one. A black hole. They tried to use it as a nest. When the power transfer came into contact with the alien nest, I believe it disrupted the space-time continuum. I estimate the core breach will consume the Enterprise in approximately seven hours, two minutes. No, sir. We would have to surround the core with a subspace isolation field. It is not possible to generate a field of that magnitude from the runabout. Correct, sir. I could attempt to remodulate the tricorder's delta-band emissions. It should be possible to better control the temporal aperture. Initiating tricorder emissions. (he taps commands into his current tricorder and) [Warbird Engineering] (there's a bright flash) [Sickbay] (the disrupter beam shrinks back into the weapon, and Troi breathes a sigh of relief) [Engineering] Captain. The warp core breach has been reversed, sir. [Bridge] Do not initiate that power transfer. We must shut it down. Computer, place a level three containment field around the warp core. I was attacked by another alien, sir. I was unable to prevent the power transfer. It cannot be disengaged, sir. A core breach is again imminent. [Bridge] The core breach has been prevented, sir. [Bridge] The alien who attacked me has vanished, sir. Judging from the residual temporal fluctuations, I believe they have returned to their own time continuum. [Bridge] Come in. (Riker peers around, carefully) Spot is sleeping, sir. Why do you ask? Understood, sir. (Data puts water into the kettle) Recent events have compelled me to study how humans perceive the passage of time. For example, I have often heard people comment that time seems to pass more slowly in one instance, or more quickly in another. In reality, the actual passage of time remains fixed. I have been testing the aphorism, 'a watched pot never boils'. I have boiled the same amount of water in this kettle sixty two times. In some cases, I have ignored the kettle. In others, I have watched it intently. In every instance, the water reaches its boiling point in precisely fifty one point seven seconds. It would appear that I am not capable of perceiving time any differently than my internal chronometer. Sir? Thank you, sir. I will try that.
Quite amusing, Doctor Hawking. You see, Sir Isaac, the joke depends on an understanding of the relativistic curvature of space-time. If two non-inertial reference frames are in relative motion That story is generally considered to be apocryphal. When I play poker with my shipmates, it often appears to be a useful forum for exploring the different facets of humanity. I was curious to see how three of history's greatest minds would interact in this setting. So far, it has proved most illuminating. I fold as well. We will have to continue this another time. End programme. [Bridge] It does not appear to be attacking the outpost, sir. There is a great deal of electromagnetic interference. I am unable to determine whether there are any lifeforms present. Electromagnetic interference is still making it difficult to get a precise reading. The mechanism appears to be jammed, sir. I have bypassed the primary system. (the door opens to reveal - a Borg! after the titles the shooting starts. Data takes out the first Borg and at least three more turn up, pinning down our heroes) [Bridge] (meanwhile, the Enterprise is under attack) (angry) Stop it! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Yes, sir. I got angry. Captain's log, stardate 46982.1. Because of his unusual behaviour on the planet surface, Commander Data has asked to be temporarily relieved of duty. Unfortunately, this means he will not be able to help us investigate a disturbing new change in the behaviour of the Borg. [Observation lounge] My internal diagnostic also finds nothing wrong. I agree. Geordi, I believe I've experienced my first emotion. You are correct in that I have no frame of reference to confirm my hypothesis. In fact, I am unable to provide a verbal description of the experience. Perhaps you could describe how it feels to be angry. I could then use that as a reference. Could you describe feeling hostile? Could you describe feeling angry without referring to other feelings? That was my experience as well. I simply felt angry. I do not know. Perhaps I have evolved to the point where emotions are within my grasp. Perhaps I will experience other emotions as time goes by. For the past six hours, I have attempted to produce an emotional response by subjecting myself to various stimuli. I listened to several operas known to be uplifting, I watched three holodeck programs designed to be humourous, and I made four attempts to induce sexual desire by subjecting myself to erotic imagery. Nothing. Anger is a negative emotion. I wanted to concentrate on something more positive. But my study of humanity indicates there are some emotions that are harmful, such as jealousy or hatred. But what if it does, Counsellor? What if it turns out that those are the only emotions I am capable of experiencing? Would that not make me a bad person? I wish I were as confident as you, Counsellor. When I was fighting the Borg, I felt angry, but when I think back on the incident, I realise that I was also experiencing another sensation. It was not the same as anger, but I think it was an emotion. It was just after I had killed the Borg. I looked down at his body. I felt something. I believe it was pleasure. [Bridge] Stop it. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Yes, but it is all right. Do you need me? I believe I am able to resume my duties. I am attempting to recreate the experience which caused to my initial burst of anger. None so far. I have almost completed this experiment. May I finish before we return to Engineering? Computer, reset Borg simulation to time index two point one. Increase Borg strength by twenty percent. Run programme. (the Borg leaps up to throttle Data again. This time it is harder for Data to break free) Stop it. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Computer, reset simulation to time index two point one. Increase Borg strength by thirty percent. Geordi, the computer will require the voice authorisations of two senior officers in order to disable the safety routine. Will you help me? During the original incident the Borg presented a genuine danger to my life. Since the Holodeck safety routine is in place, I know my life is not in danger. Since I am trying to duplicate the conditions of the original incident as closely as possible, I must also attempt to duplicate the jeopardy as well. This experiment may hold the key to something I have sought all my life. I have tried other stimuli, but they have been unsuccessful. I understand your objections, but it is my life and I have a right to risk it if I choose. Captain, we are nearing the MS system. Sensors are detecting a subspace distortion forming directly ahead of the Borg ship. Impulse engines are now at one hundred twenty five percent. We appear to be caught in some kind of energy matrix. We are being pulled inside. (and Enterprise disappears into a Whovian/Stargate style wormhole effect) Main power is offline. I am switching to backups. We have returned to normal space. Navigational systems are still offline. I will attempt to make a celestial fix using secondary systems. Captain, this one is still alive. [Brig] Aye, sir. (everyone else leaves) I do not wish to be assimilated. Yes. On Ohniaka Three, I was forced to kill a Borg. I got angry. It would be unethical to take pleasure from another being's death. Yes. No. That is not correct. My creator Doctor Soong, gave me a programme which defines my sense of right and wrong. In essence, I have a conscience. Step away from the forcefield. Your proximity is interfering with my scan. It was a very potent experience. Yes. No. That would not be ethical. Yes. His name is Geordi. Yes. I would. [Bridge] (at the science station) The sons of Soong have joined together. And together we will destroy the Federation. To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Stop. Stop. Stop. It was just after I had killed the Borg, I felt something. I believe it was pleasure. The sons of Soong have joined together. And together, we will destroy the Federation. And now, the conclusion. [Borg hall] You are wrong, Captain. My brother and I serve a much higher purpose. Yes. My brother has made that possible. Do not try to drive a wedge between us, Captain. I am loyal to my brother. Hugh interfaced with the others and transferred his sense of individuality to them. It nearly destroyed them. The Borg aspire to the perfection my Brother and I represent. Fully artificial life forms. We are their future. (taking the comm. badges) I now realise that my life aboard the Enterprise was a waste. My quest to become human was misguided. An evolutionary step in the wrong direction. There are no other emotions. Counsellor Troi told me herself that feelings are not negative or positive. It is how we act on them that makes them good or bad. You simply do not understand. In a quest such as ours, sacrifices have to be made. It is regrettable, but the greater good must be served. Give me your visor. Give it to me or I will take it by force. (Geordi takes it off) I am not your puppet anymore. (he turns on the forcefield and walks away) [Bridge] (relief crew enter the Bridge) Here is the visor. May I ask why you wanted it? All the Borg you have experimented on so far have suffered extensive brain damage. I understand. That is not your concern. (as Picard) Geordi? Shh. We're getting out of here. (as himself) Too late. My brother suggested that I try to develop my sense of humour. What do you think? I'm attemptin to neutralise your pain receptors. I am implanting nano-cortical fibres in your cerebrum. They are designed to learn and mimic your neural firing patterns. Once they are in place, I will destroy the existing brain cells. We'll see if the artificial neural network is able to take over your cognitive functions. If the procedure is successful, your cognitive processing functions will be considerably improved. However, there is a sixty percent chance you will not survive the procedure. They are cause for concern. However, I still have Counsellor Troi and Captain Picard. The odds are that at least one of the procedures will be successful. [Holding cell] Drop it or I will break his neck. (Troi drops the Borg hand weapon and helps guide Geordi into the cell) Take him. (Borg remove their fallen comrade) I will be back for him later. (Data leaves) I have a complete memory record of that day. I did not have enough buoyancy to get back to the surface. One kilometre forty six metres. I am ready to irradiate your existing brain cells. I am getting some anomalous readings from your neural net. I will need to do further testing before I proceed. Someone will come and take you back to your cell. [Borg compound, outside] It is too early to tell if the nano-cortical fibres performed their function. They came looking for me. I betrayed them. If they die, I am responsible. I do not want you to check my systems. I must resolve these issues myself. I do not like it. Yes. Yes. Please, I want more. Thank you. I did not come for him. I came for you. [Borg hall] That would not be possible. It is for the greater good. That is correct. You are attempting to confuse me. No. That would be wrong. (holding a weapon) Lore. What are you doing? Lore, I must deactivate you now. I know, but you leave me no other choice. Goodbye, Lore. [Borg hall] Lore is no longer functioning, sir. He must be disassembled so that he is no longer a threat. Thank you, sir. Enter. I am relieved that the injuries I inflicted on you are not permanent. This is the chip my father created for me so that I could experience emotions. I had it removed from Lore's body before he was dismantled. No. I am pleased to say it was damaged when I was forced to fire on Lore. (he puts it in a box) Yes. But emotions were responsible for what I did to you. I would never risk letting that happen again. My friendship with you is too important to me. (Data prepares to phaser the box, and Geordi picks it up instead)
How is your diplomatic assignment progressing? I have heard that in moments of diplomatic tension, it is often helpful to find elements of commonality. You share all of those qualities in abundance. Perhaps you should try to build on your similarities. (Worf tenses, then gazes at the sharp knife in his hand) [Iyaaran Shuttlecraft]
The interface unit is operating within expected parameters. No one else has reported so complete a sensory experience. Apparently the tactile sensors are too low. I will increase the input. [Jefferies tube] It provides tactile sensations so that Geordi can feel he's in the same environment as the probe. (Geordi is 'walking' past a panel and sees the probe as his reflection. He leans forward to examine it) I have reviewed the vessel's mission plans. The Raman was to descend to the lower atmosphere, eleven thousand kilometres below its current position. The crew was to sample the atmosphere at that level, and then return to a safer orbit. The probe sends information via a focused particle beam. It should be able to cut through the interference. Yes, sir. Aye, sir. I will be on the Bridge. (Data leaves) We are ready to bring the interface online, sir. Activating the remote sensors. Initiating interface now. Do you have visual contact? Increasing signal strength to seventy five percent of tolerance. Come in. No. I have completed the adjustments on the interface. I am now waiting for Commander Riker to finish moving the probe. Do you need to be comforted? I am using the time to catch up on my study of poetry. That is not entirely correct. While it is true the display is currently blank, this emptiness has a poetic meaning. Therefore it cannot be considered nothing as such. The ancient Doosodarians. Much of their poetry contained such lacunae or empty spaces. Often these pauses measured several days in length, during which poet and audience were encouraged to fully acknowledge the emptiness of the experience. Are you certain you do not wish to talk about your mother? You are no doubt feeling emotional distress as a result of her disappearance. While you claim to be just passing by, that is most likely an excuse to start a conversation about this uncomfortable subject. Am I correct? Then I apologise for my premature assumption. This particular poem has a lacuna of forty seven minutes. You may experience the emptiness with me if you wish. I do not understand. My initial assumption was correct. You do wish to speak of your mother. Your sanity is not in question. However, your evaluation of the available information is biased. Disappearances fitting the profile of the Hera have rarely ended with the safe recovery of ship and crew. I am not offended. You are upset. Your reactions are not surprising. The input levels are currently at fifty three percent of tolerance. Initiating interface. The cut off has been automatically activated. Geordi, I have analysed the probe's sensor logs. There are no record to indicate the presence of a living human on board the Raman. We have no indication of a transmission of any kind. The probe does allow Geordi to sense quantum fluctuations, subspace anomalies, and other phenomenon not perceptible by any other kind of sensors. If the Hera is on the surface, its hull could not possibly withstand the pressure of the atmosphere. I have been exploring the possibility of using a tractor beam to pull the Raman from the atmosphere. However, the high level of interference prevents a positive lock. That is my conclusion as well, Commander. Two shuttlecraft, staggered between the Enterprise and the Raman, with their shields adjusted to refocus the tractor beam. There have been reports of warp bubbles and other subspace deformations. Yes, sir. However, it is highly unlikely. Nearly impossible, sir. I suspected you would attempt to operate the interface alone. I am familiar enough with your behaviour patterns to predict certain decisions. You are disobeying the Captain. I can not allow you to endanger your well-being. I could have you confined to quarters for the duration of the mission. I will monitor the interface and attempt to keep you safe. I can not have you confined to quarters for something you have not yet done. There is a high degree of probability that you are correct. However, I do have a request. I would ask you to consider the possibility that what you see is not real. I am establishing the interface. [Raman Auxiliary control] I am reading unusual subspace energy in your vicinity, similar to what the probe sensor recorded the first time you encountered your mother. Geordi, the atmosphere becomes increasingly turbulent the farther down you go. You may not be able to bring the Raman close enough to the Hera before being destroyed. The probe is descending out of range. We are already at seventy five percent of tolerance. That is theoretically true, but even at this level of input you are already experiencing dangerous neural feedback. I will increase the gain incrementally as you descend. [Raman Auxiliary control] When we are ready to disconnect the interface, we must allow enough time to lower the input levels, otherwise your nervous system will go into shock from the sudden drop in input. [Raman Auxiliary control] We are at ninety percent of tolerance. My calculations show you will reach one hundred percent of tolerance before you are in range of the Hera. That would not be advisable. You must cease your descent. [Raman Auxiliary control] Geordi, you are putting me in a difficult position. Please, cease your descent. [Raman Auxiliary control] Disengaging safety systems. Going to full tolerance levels, now. Perhaps we could deceive his neural receptors. By feeding them the sensory information recorded from his earlier experiences with the probe. We could then lower them in a controlled manner.
Barradas Three is the only class M planet in this system, and it is listed as unpopulated. However, sensors have detected intermittent energy signals emanating from its surface. The planet was used as an outpost for the Debrune approximately two thousand years ago. The Federation's Archaeological survey has catalogued numerous ruins on the surface. Aye, sir. Commander, as Acting First Officer, I must question your decision to accompany the away team. If Captain Picard were here I realise that, sir. But if he were, and he wanted to lead an away team, you would tell him that the Captain's place is Is there a malfunction? What is the source? Bridge to Transporter room two. Can you get a lock on the away team? Why was it not detected earlier? Raise shields. Red alert. (the little ship strafes the Enterprise as it passes) Damage report. Take us to warp nine and pursue. Lock phasers on target. Increase the sensor field bandwidth. Patch in the lateral sensor arrays. Plot a course and take us back to Barradas Three. Notify the away team to prepare for transport. Starfleet Intelligence confirms that a ship matching this configuration has been linked to raids on several other planets in this sector. For the short time it was within our visual range, we were able to take sensor readings of the mercenary vessel. It appears to be encased in an energy absorbing material. Although we can see the ship, this energy sheath renders it virtually undetectable to our long range sensors. Without a full compositional analysis of the energy sheath, the chances of finding the correct remodulation sequence are remote. On the contrary, Lieutenant. That is precisely what we must do. Since there are no viable alternatives, we will return to the surface and attempt to determine what these mercenaries are doing on this planet. An investigation might reveal some indication of their purpose. Please notify me when you have assembled your search teams. Dismissed. (Data sits back and steeples his fingers) [Mercenary Bridge] Perhaps these artefacts have a special value to the Romulans. These structures were built by the Debrune. That race is an ancient offshoot of the Romulans. The ruins on the planet where Captain Picard was killed were also Romulan in origin. The question remains, why are they stealing these artefacts? [Bridge] There are several archaeological sites in this sector containing ruins which are Romulan in origin. These are the locations that were attacked by the mercenary vessel. The only sites not been attacked were on Calder Two, Yadalla Prime, and Draken Four. That would be their next likely target. But it is only a small science station. It has limited defensive capabilities. I do not believe it could withstand an attack from the mercenary ship. Mister Worf. Send a message to the Federation outpost on Calder Two. Advise them that if a ship matching the mercenary vessel approaches, they should attempt to delay it until our arrival. Ensign, take us out of orbit. Set course for the Calder system. Warp nine. Ensign, scan for Starfleet combadge signals. Is Commander Riker aboard that ship? Open a channel. This is the Federation Starship Enterprise. You are ordered to stand down. [Mercenary Bridge] Commander. Are you all right? [Mercenary Bridge] That is impossible, sir. The ship you are on has violated a Federation outpost. It is my duty to stop it. Commander, if you could explain [Mercenary Bridge] That is correct, Counsellor. He does know. Mister Worf, prepare to drop the shields. I am aware of that. Mister Worf, that is an order.
Mister Worf, prepare to drop shields. I am aware of that. I believe you are right, Counsellor. It is now up to us to play along. Release inertial dampers and cut power to decks thirty one through thirty seven. Set phasers to twenty five percent. Return fire. I am aware of the tactical situation, Lieutenant. Let them go. (after the opening credits, at the science station) I agree the existence of such a message is remote, but I believe we should check. Inform Starfleet Command that we will hold this position until further notice. Yes, but we will continue to pursue all avenues of investigation. That is correct. But I believe Commander Riker wanted us to let them escape. Possibly. I will attempt to resequence the signal. Begin running a search for a decryption key. [Mercenary Bridge] (at another planet) I have completed my analysis of the signal from the mercenary ship. I believe these groupings represent bearings and coordinates taken from their navigational system. Yes. If I am correct, the mercenary ship is heading toward these coordinates in the Hyralan Sector. Make it so. Lieutenant, may I see you in the ready room? Lieutenant, I am dissatisfied with your performance as First Officer. You continually question my orders in front of the crew. I do not believe this is appropriate behaviour. That is true. But in those situations, you were acting as Head of Security, not as First Officer. The primary role of the second in command is to carry out the decisions of the Captain in this case, me. Yes. But once I have made a decision, it is your job to carry it out regardless of how you may personally feel. Any further objections should be given to me in private, not in front of the crew. I do not recall Commander Riker ever publicly showing irritation with his Captain as you did a moment ago. If you do not feel capable of carrying out this role, I will assign it to Commander La Forge and return you to Tactical. I would not enter it into your record as a reprimand, simply as a transfer. Then I expect you to conform to the guidelines I have laid out. Dismissed. Mister Worf, I am sorry if I have ended our friendship. I would like that as well. Is it the mercenary ship? Open a channel. This is Lieutenant Commander Data of the Federation Starship Enterprise. I take it that is your name? May I inquire as to your destination? May I ask the purpose of your journey? Perhaps I have not made our intentions clear. We are investigating (transmission ends) He seems most uncooperative. According to the terms of the Klingon-Federation Treaty, Koral has every right to free transit through Federation space. We cannot board or search his vessel without cause. I am not sure that using this clause as an excuse to conduct a search would be consistent with the spirit of the Treaty. However, if Koral wishes to contest our actions he can file a protest with the Judge Advocate General's office. Bring the shuttle aboard. Then you and Doctor Crusher can begin the inspection. Lieutenant Worf has programmed our replicators to make a very good approximation of Klingon bloodwine. I believe you will find it to your liking. (Koral pours it onto the carpet) [Shuttlebay] If you could tell us something about the nature of your mission. (the raiding party beam in) Commander Riker, by taking this action you risk charges of assault, theft, piracy, and treason. Security alert. Medical emergency team to the Observation lounge. Data to Bridge. Raise shields and begin sensor sweeps for the mercenary ship. I must admit, I am experiencing a similar sensation. What will become of the resonator, sir? It is unfortunate it cannot be studied. The resonator is a key artefact from a remarkable period of history. If we are to adhere to the exact letter of Starfleet regulations, then technically, sir, you have been declared a renegade. In fact, I believe you are facing twelve counts of court martial offences. You cannot give orders either, sir. Aye, sir. (Picard enters his quarters) (taking Riker's arm) This way, sir.
I will go to deck twenty and begin modifications. Excuse me. Do you have authorisation to work in this area? You are dismantling a warp plasma conduit. I must ask you to stop. (the next sound out of Data's mouth is a high pitched tone) Geordi, have you ever had a nightmare? I have had one hundred eleven dreams since I first discovered this programme nine months ago. In all of that time, I have never experienced such strange and disturbing imagery. I believe it was a nightmare. Perhaps. I have also noted that I am spending an inordinate amount of time thinking about nightmare imagery. One could almost say I am preoccupied. Geordi, you do not seem to appreciate Ensign Tyler's enthusiasm. I do not understand. You do not share her affection? I believe I understand. You are concerned about unintentionally hurting Ensign Tyler's feelings. It would appear that you require a third party to intervene on your behalf. I will be happy to speak to her. Geordi, when I first awoke from my nightmare, there was a brief moment when I Captain, I am taking the warp-coil engines offline. (the lights come back on) Enter. Counsellor. I have been watching Spot sleep. In the past fifteen minutes, he has had twelve muscles spasms, which indicates he was dreaming. I have often wondered what Spot dreams about. His twitching and his rapid breathing would seem to suggest anxiety, but Spot has never seen a mouse or any other form of rodentia. He has never encountered an insect, or been chased by a canine. That was very thoughtful of him. I've been debating whether or not to initiate another dream sequence. I have found them to be quite unsettling. Thank you, Counsellor. I believe I will initiate a dream programme now. Goodnight, Counsellor. Goodnight, Spot. (Data plumps the pillow, gets under the sheet fully clothed,kicking Spot off, and approximates a yawn) Computer, dim lights. [Ten Forward] (Data's dream. Worf is eating a piece of blue cake decorated with a comm. badge) What kind of cake are you eating? No, thank you. Excuse me, Mister Worf. (Beverly is drinking Riker's brain through a straw) Sir? Yes, sir. (the workmen are leaning over something) Please identify yourselves. I must know what you are trying to (high-pitched sound) I am sorry, Counsellor. What is wrong? My internal chronometer was supposed to wake me thirty five minutes ago. That is not possible. Something is wrong. [Engineering] I will compare my autonomic logs with the ship's chronometer. Perhaps we have overlooked something. It is a possibility. However, I would prefer to make certain there are no anomalies in my neural net. I have not fully assimilated its impact. I would prefer to study the images further before discussing them. Strange is not a sufficient adjective to describe the experience. [Holodeck - Freud's consulting room] It is difficult to explain. Counsellor Troi's body was a cake. It had a black handle and a serrated blade, and it was quite long. Twenty five centimetres in length. One of the workmen pointed to her right shoulder. At that moment, I had an overwhelming urge to cut a piece out of the cake. Yes. As I began slicing the cake, she reacted as though I was causing her pain. Yet I could not stop cutting. That is when I woke up. Doctor Freud, I am curious. (Data starts to sit up from the couch and is gestured to lie down again) I am curious. What do my nightmares mean? I do not understand. But I do not have a mother. but I have no sexual desire. I do not believe I am being helped by this session. That will not be necessary. Computer, end programme. [Bridge] The warp field has collapsed, sir. It appears Ensign Tyler still has a crush on you. It is clear you did not speak to her. I am reminded of a recent dream. This brace is reminiscent of (Data sees a mouth with teeth on the back of Geordi's neck. He backs away then hears the telephone. Going looking for it, Engineering is empty.) Hello? I do not know. [Troi's office] (Data is still holding the brace coil) Everything seems to remind me of the nightmare. Objects, sounds, smells. And now I have seen elements of the dream in a waking state. I cannot explain it. I have run three complete self diagnostics. All of my systems are functioning normally. Perhaps Doctor Freud was correct. The knife I dreamed about is the embodiment of my unconscious desire to inflict violence. That is not possible. Do you really think it is possible? Daily? Thank you, Counsellor. I look forward to our next meeting. I am currently running a level three diagnostic of the relays, sir. We will have the results of the analysis in approximately ten minutes. Hold very still, Counsellor. I believe I had another waking dream, sir. But this time, I had an uncontrollable urge to eliminate the image I saw. Yes, sir. For a reason I cannot explain, I had the need to destroy it. No, sir. I saw a straw coming out of your head. As I said before, these are all images I originally experienced in my dream programme. I do not have a rational explanation for them. A sensible precaution, sir. [Sickbay] Of course. (hands over the phaser) May I ask a personal favour? Will you take care of Spot for me? I am afraid if I have another waking dream, I might injure him. Unlike a canine, Spot does not respond to verbal commands. (hands him to Worf who holds him at arms length) Goodbye, Spot. He will need to be fed once a day. He prefers feline supplement number twenty five. And he will require water. And you must provide him with a sand box. And you must talk to him. Tell him he is a pretty cat, and a good cat. Perhaps that will be enough. (Worf leaves, sneezing) [Sickbay] It is an interesting hypothesis. If I am being affected by these interphasic creatures on an unconscious level, it may also explain my waking dreams, and my subsequent anti-social behaviour. I see. The concept is similar to the method of directed dreaming. Yes, sir. I understand, sir. Initiating dream programme. Stand by. [Holodeck - corridor] Hello. Cake? It is cellular peptide cake. Stop. You must not hurt my friends. (Data emits the high-pitched sound) I believe I understand. [Holodeck] Geordi. You must adjust my positronic subprocessor to emit an interphasic pulse. The workmen in my dreams represent the organisms which are trying to demolish the ship. The incessant ringing of the telephone, Freud's cautions at the other end, were warnings of the dangers around us. My positronic subprocessor detected high frequency interphasic signatures from the organisms, which were symbolically represented in my dreams by a high shriek. That is why I have asked Geordi to adjust my subprocessor. If I can produce a high frequency interphasic pulse, it may have a similar effect on the creatures. Enter. (Troi enters, carrying a covered dish) Counsellor. I did not have a chance to apologise for my actions. I wonder, what would Doctor Freud say about the symbolism of devouring oneself?
It is often the case that children learn languages more easily than adults. Mrs Troi? Perhaps we are being too literal. I have recently learned in my study of dream analysis that people who appear in a dream can sometimes represent different aspects of the person who is dreaming.
There is nothing wrong with the transporter. I have run a complete diagnostic of all the targeting components. A concentration of antigraviton particles suggests a tractor beam. It might have deflected the transporter beam to a different set of coordinates. The tractor beam originated somewhere in the Prytt Alliance. I have scanned the entire Prytt communications system. This appears to be the primary access module for the central government. I believe so, sir. However, the Prytt have no link designed for extraterritorial communication. Our hail may come as a quite surprise to them. No, sir.
Geordi? Why is Spot under the bed? Has Spot been misbehaving? These incidents are common to cat owners. When you borrowed Spot, you said you wanted to experience the full range of feline behaviour before getting a cat yourself. Spot does not respond to verbal commands. I never found it to be necessary. I have never experienced this kind of behaviour in Spot. Although she does have the unfortunate habit of jumping on my computer console when I am working. I do not think it would be wise to startle her. The unusually intense tetryon fields in this sector pose a severe navigational hazard to warp driven vessels. The Hekaras Corridor is the only route through the area which is free of tetryon fields. Ships travelling at warp must use the Corridor to ensure safe passage through the region. At least two days, sir. The Corridor is over twelve light years long, and the surrounding tetryon interference will limit our sensor range. Geordi, there has been a slight drop in sensor efficiency. Perhaps we should examine the phase buffers. Is there a problem with the engines? Then why are you stabilizing the EPS conduit? But that would not affect the engines in any way. What is the point? Why? Yes. I understand. You are in competition with Mister Kaplan. Then you are trying to outperform the Intrepid. One moment. The phase buffer is functioning within normal parameters. Sensor efficiency has increased by six point seven percent. Geordi, I have taken your suggestion regarding Spot. I have begun training her. Yes. I am studying several new techniques. (crawling along) I began with simple conditioned response exercises and followed with environmental enhancement. Next I plan to explore bioconditioning devices. Such as sensor nets for behaviour modification or biofeedback motivators. Unfortunately, I have been less than successful. Geordi. I cannot stun my cat. Clearly there is a misalignment somewhere in this system. I am somewhat concerned that my training efforts will ultimately fail. I have consulted numerous animal training manuals. Some of them claim that cats are inherently untrainable. What did she train her cat to do? Interesting. Perhaps I could modify your sister's techniques to keep Spot from jumping on console. Do you know how she was able to train her cat? Phase alignment is stabilised. However, sensor efficiency has increased by only an additional one point three percent. Data here. Acknowledged, sir. We are on our way. [Bridge] That is correct, sir. Their impulse system is down as well, Power generation is at extremely low levels. Life support systems are also functioning at low levels. There are approximately four hundred fifty Ferengi on board. That is a standard complement for a ship of that class. It would also explain the failure of their warp drive. Direct hit. Their weapon systems are down. Sir, the Ferengi ship's power has stabilised. They appear to have impulse capability. Spot. Spot. Spot, down. Spot, down. Down. Spot. (lifting the cat off the desk) Down. This is down. Down is good. This is up. Up is no. (doorbell) (to Spot) One moment. Come in. I would be happy to. It is part of her training programme. I am teaching Spot to jump down from the desk on my command. I have not been entirely successful. (Spot meows, and Data goes to the replicator) Feline supplement number two twenty one. I suppose I must accept that possibility. It may be that Spot lacks the intelligence necessary to learn the appropriate responses to my commands. (Spot meows again and Data fetches her a toy) This procedure will only increase the conversion level by point eight percent. Enough? La Forge, I got the Intrepid's power conversion levels up to ninety seven point one percent. Maybe you should try cleaning your plasma grid once in a while. We perform maintenance on the plasma grid at regular intervals. Unknown, sir. It does not appear in any Federation charts of the Corridor. It is a possibility. The debris consists primarily of duranium and polycomposite fragments which suggest a ship. Furthermore, the field contains sufficient mass to account for the Fleming. Captain, I am picking up a small metallic object, approximately three point five metres in diameter. I do not believe so. It is emitting an unusual signal. Captain, it is beginning to generate a verteron field. Unidentified ship heading toward us. Two life forms are aboard. Captain, they are initiating their transporter system. Captain, we are being boarded. Serova and Rabal believe there are regions of potential subspace instability within the Corridor. They believe that if these regions continue to be exposed to warp field energy, they will rupture. Subspace will extrude into normal space, forming a rift. That analogy is essentially correct, sir. Not at this time, sir. There is insufficient evidence to do so. In order to determine whether or not a rift will form, region must be exposed to warp field energy approximately one million times greater than that normally generated by a starship. I agree that is a possibility. Captain, I suggest we ask the Federation Science Council to send a research vessel to this area. A more detailed investigation would resolve many of our questions. Captain, the Hekaran ship's engines are beginning to overload. I believe Serova's attempting to create a warp core breach. We have cleared the shock wave. However, tetryon flux in the area is increasing rapidly. (there's a swirly thing in the middle of the purple) The event is approximately zero point one light years in diameter, and it is emitting extremely high levels of tetryon radiation. It appears to be what Rabal and Serova predicted, a subspace rift. Scanning. The Fleming is near its previous coordinates. It appears to be intact, but it is now within the rift. IF we maintain our current position, our shields should provide sufficient protection. The waves are even more intense within the rift. I estimate her shields will fail in approximately twelve hours. Doctor, is it possible there are areas inside the rift which are stable, where we can safely use our warp engines? That should not be possible. I am not certain that is true. I believe I have an idea. [Ready room] I suggest we coast into the rift. We can initiate a brief, high intensity warp pulse from our current position. We should be able to attain sufficient velocity to enter the rift, beam the crew off the Fleming and exit without using our warp engines. If we field saturate the nacelles, we should be able to sustain warp speed for approximately two minutes. The timing will be critical. Aye, sir. [Engineering] I believe the maximum saturation level should be eighteen point three percent. I agree. But based on the size of the rift, it should give us sufficient time to complete the rescue. Computer, initiate nacelle field saturation. I beg your pardon? Technically, Geordi, we were not wrong. Serova's theories rested on assumptions which were unprovable. By using methods any reputable scientist would never employ. We reviewed Serova's research to the best of our abilities, and we were prepared to continue studying the problem. But that was not satisfactory. I do not believe that you would have resorted to such extremes. Perhaps because her aggressive methods created an adversarial situation. I do not understand. Captain, warp pulse calculations are complete. We will be firing the engines at maximum intensity for six point three seconds before disengaging. Engines disengaged. We are now entering the rift. (rumble) Hull stress is increasing. Eighty three percent of maximum tolerance and rising. Captain, if they activate They are badly damaged, sir. Their life support systems are failing. Captain, when the Fleming activated their warp drive, the rift expanded by two point three percent. We no longer have sufficient momentum to escape. (rumble) Distortion wave intensity has increased by a factor of ten. Distortion waves occurring every fifty nine seconds. Hull stress is nearing maximum tolerance. I do not believe so, sir, and the resulting explosion would likely destroy the saucer section in the process. The next distortion wave will impact in fourteen seconds. [Engineering] We were unable to maintain phase match with the distortion wave, sir. Another distortion wave approaching. Impact in twenty six seconds. Captain, I suggest we take the ship to full impulse. If we can attain sufficient speed, it will lessen the shock when the wave hits. Distortion wave impact in five seconds. We are now within the distortion wave. Hull stresses have exceeded maximum tolerance. Approximately twelve seconds, sir. Hull stresses one hundred twenty percent above tolerance. We have cleared the rift, sir. Hull stress has returned to normal.
The only permanent solution would be to re-liquefy the core. The procedure will involve using the ship's phasers to drill down through the planet's surface into the pockets, where we would set up a series of plasma infusion units. It should be possible to stabilise the core temperature at ninety three percent of normal. Yes, Doctor? You are Doctor Juliana Tainer. Have we met before? You were a colleague of Doctor Soong? Doctor, I have no memory of you. My memory record begins when I was activated by the Starfleet officers on the Omicron Theta outpost. Yes. All of the inhabitants of the colony were killed. However, I discovered that my memory banks contained the contents of their journals and logs. My childhood? So you wiped my memory processors after this childhood. Doctor, I have scanned the journals of the colonists. There is only one Juliana mentioned in them. Her last name was O'Donnell. But there was no mention that my father was married to you. My father did have an unusual way of looking at things. I encountered him once in the Terlina system. It was shortly before his death. Yes. What do you mean? This has been an interesting encounter, and an altogether unexpected one. I would like to corroborate your story before we proceed further. Excuse me, Doctor. [Engineering] Inform me when you are ready. I am attempting to ascertain whether Doctor Tainer's story is true. I neither believe nor doubt. I am simply attempting to verify her assertions. The Registrar's Office on Mavala Four cannot confirm whether Doctor Soong was married there. Apparently many of the documents were lost when the government was overthrown. I am checking passenger manifests to see if they went to Mavala during the period in question. O'Donnell, Juliana. Soong, Noonian. They were both passengers on a transport which travelled from Omicron Theta to Mavala and returned four days later. Still, the fact that they went to Mavala does not prove they were married there. Not at all. I am merely unable to reconcile her story with the fact that my father never mentioned her to me. Yes. It is possible that those are memories of my childhood. And of Mrs Soong. I can think of no motive for such a pretense. That is true. I admit I am finding it difficult to accept the possibility of a past about which I know nothing. But it is also true that I am curious to learn more about it. [Ten Forward] (Juliana is having a meal when Data walks up to her table) I would like to get to know you better, Mother. [Corridor] How did you decide? Yes. Pleased? You misunderstand. Counsellor Troi is a therapist. We will be in position over the drilling site in three minutes twenty nine seconds. (Juliana rests her hand on his shoulder) These scans indicate that the magma pockets where we plan to set up the infusion units are somewhat unstable. Thank you, Geordi. I am incapable of embarrassment. Please continue. My calculations indicate [Bridge] We are within two kilometres of the magma pocket. I detect no increase in the stress levels of the surrounding magma. The drilling process has raised the temperature in the magma pockets by almost three hundred degrees Celsius. It will be several hours before it cools enough for us to enter. I do not. Thank you. I will be playing this piece at a recital tomorrow evening. I have been told that my playing is technically flawless, but no one has described it as beautiful. Are you certain you are not saying this because you are my mother? I have noticed that parents tend to exaggerate when it comes to their children's accomplishments. I do not know for certain, but I believe it is during my creative endeavours that I come closest to experiencing what it must be like to be human. As am I. I would like that very much. I could replicate one for you. Computer, please replicate one viola. Yes. I am attempting to master all known styles of painting. This one is in the style of the early French impressionists. That is Lal, my daughter. I created her, using myself as a model. The positronic matrix I designed for her was unstable. She only lived a short time. In a sense, you were her grandmother. Would you like to practice now? The acoustics in Ten Forward are most favourable. Of course. Perhaps. I created Lal because I wished to procreate. Despite what happened to her, I still have that wish. I was not aware he created other androids before my brother. I am that android. Are you saying you were against my creation? Then why did you never attempt to contact me? Perhaps if you told me what has made you feel this way, it may alleviated the guilt. We are within four kilometres of the magma pocket. (the ship starts shaking) If we do, we will have to begin a new shaft at a suitable location. I am detecting no signs of [Bridge] Acknowledged. [Magma pocket] (a nice big cave with a lovely flat floor) I have initialised the plasma induction coils. I am incapable of anger. I am not certain I do. Perhaps you could clarify them for me? If I had been your biological offspring, would you have left me on Omicron Theta? Doctor Tainer, I get the impression you are trying to spare my feelings. I assure you that is not necessary. Is that because you place more value on biological life than on artificial life? I do. Thank you for making it clear to me. [Ten Forward] (Data and Juliana finish their recital to applause) I was hoping you would be able to determine that from her transporter trace pattern. Doctor, I would ask that you not require me to be more specific. I assure you, I have a good reason for asking. I see. She has not complained of any discomfort. Because I have reason to believe she is not who she claims to be. Go ahead, sir. On my way. Excuse me, Doctor. [Transporter room] (Juliana and Data enter) Acknowledged. There will be more seismic activity. We must hurry. (Data and Juliana go along a passage to where the equipment is set up) The shaft has not been obstructed by the seismic activity. It should be possible to trigger the unit from orbit. Priming the energy-transfer matrix. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. We will attempt to expedite our work. Yes, sir. We'll be returning to the beam-out point shortly. No, we are too far below the surface. There are no handholds in the rock face. We are going to have to jump. You will. (Data takes Juliana's arm and makes her jump with him. She lands badly, is knocked out, and her arm has fallen off. It is artificial.) [Sickbay] (Geordi has got Juliana's forehead open) Check her positronic matrix. There may be a cascade anomaly. The first indication occurred when we were digging. I saw her perform complex calculations without the assistance of the computer. That is true, but it was enough to get my attention. Later, I noticed something odd about the way she blinked her eyes. The intervals between blinks were governed by the Fourier system, the same mathematical formula my father used to give my blinking pattern the appearance of randomness. Then there was the concert in Ten Forward. We had practised the piece, and I noticed that she played it the same way during the performance. Every pitch, every intonation, was exactly the same. Only an artificial life form could have done that. I do not believe so. He is on the surface monitoring the plasma infusion. It appears to be an information module. With a holographic interface. [Holodeck] (Data puts Juliana's chip into a holder, then into the holodeck arch panel) That is correct. I am Data. I am fine. You refer to Doctor Tainer as my mother, yet the complexity of her design indicates she was created after I was. What happened to her? Then you never told her the truth? What happened? If she recovers and learns that she is an android Then you do not believe she should know the truth? It seems that I must make a decision. Whether to tell Doctor Tainer that she is an android or to withhold that information from her. I do not know what to do. He seemed certain that if she knew, it would preclude the possibility of her being happy. I am not certain. I understand why my father felt as he did, but his wishes are not necessarily paramount. I am more concerned with what would be best for her. I find I am having difficulty separating what would be best for her from what would be best for me. If she knew she were an android, we would have something to share. I would no longer be alone in the universe. You were knocked unconscious by the fall. You broke a bone in your arm, but Doctor Crusher repaired it. Everything is fine. Captain's log, supplemental. The infusion of plasma into the core of Atrea Four has been accomplished. The core should remain molten for several hundred years. [Transporter room] Perhaps I can visit Atrea on my next leave. There is something I thought you should know. My father told me that he had only one great love in his life and that he regretted never telling her how much he cared for her. I am certain he was referring to you. Goodbye, Mother. Energise. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Happy birthday, Worf. Yes. I have entered my Expressionistic phase. This is my interpretation of the Battle of HarOS. The Array appears to be functioning normally, sir. The Array is still transmitting data, sir, but it is no longer sending that information to the Federation. It appears someone has redirected its imaging systems. Sector one nine six five eight, sir. I am unable to access it's main computer, so it is impossible to determine the exact location. We have analysed the imaging logs. It appears the Array was reprogrammed to observe several Federation sites. That is our theory. We believe unauthorised access was made six days ago. The imaging logs from that day show a ship approaching the Array. Lieutenant, are you all right? Lieutenant, have you completed the metallurgical scan of the Array? The metallurgical scan. Have you completed it? I know of no such logs. Direct hit. Engineering Section and deck forty two. Shield generators are overloading. (Boom) Captain, we have sustained heavy damage to the deflector systems. Hull breaches on decks seventeen and thirty six. I am initiating a subspace scan to search for temporal anomalies on or off the ship. (with blue eyes) Two years, one month and twelve days. It is my understanding your romantic affiliation began shortly after you recovered from your spinal injury on stardate 45587. It was six months later that you asked Commander Riker for his formal permission to court Counsellor Troi. You felt to do otherwise would be dishonourable. I am not privy to the exact details of when, where or how your first coupling took place. I could investigate it I am detecting no temporal anomalies in this system. Perhaps we should try to pinpoint the exact moment when events became discontinuous. Do you remember the first change? Think back. Are you sure that was the very first change? We should try to find the commonalties in these events. Where were the people you were with? It is possible. We should speak to Commander La Forge. [Sickbay] Doctor, is Geordi well enough to answer some questions? There do not appear to be any unusual readings. Energy residuals from the plasma burns, the beginnings of cellular decomposition. I see nothing that connects these bio-readings to your recent sense of discontinuity. I still see nothing unusual. Perhaps we should activate it. The visor is active. (Worf is in red, with three pips and a future comm. badge. He sways.) (yellow eyes) Have you noticed another discontinuity? I am detecting a quantum flux in your cellular RNA. I do not know. I will have to analyse these readings. [Ready room] (Riker is Captain) I have found the quantum flux in Worf's cellular RNA extends to the subatomic level. It is asynchronous with normal matter. In essence, Captain, Mister Worf does not belong in our universe. All matter in the universe resonates on a quantum level with a unique signature. That signature is constant. It cannot be changed through any known process. It is the basic foundation of existence. Yes, sir. I cannot explain it. It is as if he originates from a different quantum universe. Aye, sir. (Data leaves) It appears to be a quantum fissure in the space-time continuum. The anomaly cannot be seen, but I believe I can enhance it with a warp field to make it visible. (a blue glow appears) Not from this distance, sir. I am also detecting an ion trail intersecting the phenomenon. I believe it was left by a Starfleet type six shuttlecraft. I have an explanation, sir. [Observation lounge] I believe the quantum fissure we discovered is a fixed point across the space time continuum. A keyhole which intersects many other quantum realities. For any event, there is an infinite number of possible outcomes. Our choices determine which outcomes will follow. But there is a theory in quantum physics that all possibilities that can happen, do happen in alternate quantum realities. That is correct. When Worf's shuttlecraft came into contact with the quantum fissure, I believe its warp engines caused a small break in the barriers between quantum realties. Worf was thrown into a state of quantum flux. He immediately shifted into other realities. Exactly. The visor uses a subspace field pulse. I believe that whenever Geordi came near Worf, the field pulse intensified the quantum flux and pushed Worf into another reality. An excellent idea, Lieutenant. [Worf's quarters] (the impressionist painting is back in place) Captain, a Bajoran ship is approaching. The barriers between quantum realties are breaking down. Other realties are emerging into our own. ('and thick and fast they came at last, and more, and more, and more') The rate of quantum incursions is increasing exponentially. At this rate, the sector will be completely filled with Enterprises within three days. Perhaps, if we can find the ship which that Commander Worf's quantum signature. It was Worf's shuttlecraft which traversed the fissure and weakened the barriers between quantum realities. If he re-enters the fissure in his original shuttle, and emits a broad spectrum warp field, it may be enough to seal the fissure and stop additional realities from emerging into our own. In theory, the act of sealing the fissure should restore the barriers between quantum states. The ships would return to their own realities. Yes, sir. It matches Commander Worf's quantum signature precisely. I have remodulated the shuttle's engines to emit an inverse warp field. You will need to activate the field at the precise moment you enter the fissure. That is one possibility. However, the uncertainty principle dictates that time is a variable in this equation. You may end up several days before the event or several days after. There is no way to tell. Captain, Worf is entering the fissure. [Shuttlecraft]
Captain, we are approaching the Devolin system. No, sir. Initiating sensor sweep of grid zero one. [Ten Forward] Scan of grid one five seven is complete. I am moving to grid one five eight. I have confirmed Geordi's readings. The resonance signature is originating from somewhere beneath the asteroid's surface. This asteroid contains several deep chasms large enough for a starship to enter. It is possible the Pegasus drifted into the asteroid's gravitational field and was pulled down into one of the fissures. At least another six hours, sir. In order for the deception to succeed, it would have to appear to be a natural phenomenon. Verteron particles are artificial in nature. Theoretically, sir, it should work. Aye, sir. Initiating ionisation field pulse. Ionisation pulse complete. The Romulans are initiating a tachyon scan of the asteroid. They have switched to their lateral sensor array. Beginning another scan. The warbird has completed its sensor sweep. They are moving out. Yes, sir. Beginning sensor sweeps. Aye, sir. [Ready room] For the past several hours, I have been scanning the area where we detected the resonance signature of the Pegasus. From the strength and polarity of the signature, it would appear that most of the warp core is still intact. I would recommend against it, sir. There may be gravimetric or magnetic fluctuations inside the asteroid which would overpower the engines of a shuttlecraft. It is theoretically possible, sir, but I am unaware of any prior situations where a starship was taken so deeply inside a planetary body. There may be unforeseen difficulties. It is so noted, sir. We are now two kilometres beneath the surface. (shake) Sensors show that the ship is still intact. However, sixty five percent of it is contained within the asteroid. Yes, sir. I do not understand how this could have happened. The starboard bulkhead of main Engineering is contained within the rock face, but most of its compartment is still intact. I believe so, sir. The breach can be temporarily sealed by extending our shields. The asteroid's internal structure is highly unstable. Any attempt to cut through the rock could cause the entire chasm to collapse. Theoretically it is possible, sir. But it would take several hours to study the device and determine how to link it to our systems.
The planet's atmosphere is dissipating, sir. Intense plasmonic reactions are destroying it. The stratosphere is already breaking down. There are turbulent radiation storms across much of its surface. I estimate that the planet will be uninhabitable in less than thirty eight hours. Atmospheric dissipation is a rare and essentially unpredictable event. When it occurs, it proceeds rapidly. Doctor Rozhenko may not have had sufficient warning. (ship shakes) The dissipation effect is generating plasmonic energy bursts. I do not believe so. However, we may experience intermittent system failures and power surges as a result. Captain, atmospheric dissipation has accelerated over the past several hours. I estimate the planet's atmosphere will be completely gone within three minutes. The mesosphere is gone. Plasmonic reactions are now beginning to break down the troposphere. It appears the plasmonic reactions are continuing to interfere with our sensors. I had, sir. I will attempt to engage additional filtering elements. Visual re-established. There appears to be an unusual power drain in the EPS distribution net. Unknown, sir. It is difficult to localize. It will take approximately nine and one half hours to complete the analysis. That is correct, sir. These are the two planets which best match our search criteria. Draygo Four features an unusually large temperate zone. However, it is within three light years of Cardassian space. The alternative is Vacca Six. It is located in the Cabral sector. It offers a less hospitable climate than the Boraalans are accustomed to. However, it would still appear to be the better choice. Do you disagree, Doctor? It is a formidable responsibility. Doctor, I do not believe we can offer any guarantees. We can simply make the best choice we have at the moment. Data to Bridge. We have located a new home for the Boraalans, sir. [Bridge] We are in synchronous orbit above the beam down site, sir.
The colony's aqueduct system is functioning normally, as are the communication relays. Certainly. I suggest we analyse the planet's weather patterns to see if they have been affected. I am reading unusually high humidity across the entire southern desert region and there is increasing cloud activity above the northern coastal area. Possibly the formation of a storm system. I will run a diagnostic on the thermal regulators. It began as a minor power fluctuation, sir, but the effect has spread throughout the control grid. It has caused an unusual concentration of cumulonimbus activity above the colony. There appears to be a condensed suspension of water vapour, approximately one degree Celsius. I am unable to terminate the connection, sir. A feedback loop has formed in the transfer beam. I will have to go to the substation and attempt to correct the problem from there. I have analysed the control module in the primary weather control grid. It appears the station is experiencing a system wide power failure. Excuse me, sir. You are dismantling the primary power conduit. I must ask you to stop. He is dead. (later, others have gathered) In the meantime, Governor, you should expect the weather problems to continue. That is correct. I cannot identify the energy residual. However, it appears to have the same anaphasic signature as the power fluctuations we observed from the weather control system. It is possible. Captain, Geordi and I have detected an energy residual with the same anaphasic signature as the one we found on Ned Quint's body. Approximately seventeen kilometres from the centre of the colony, sir. It is coming from the cemetery. Aye, sir. (Data leaves) The energy readings appear to be originating approximately two metres below the surface. I believe they are concentrated within this burial site. (the headstone says Felisa Howard) [Howard home] I am reading definite signs of anaphasic energy in her body. It appears to extend to the cellular level. I suggest we run a deep tissue scan to look for any signs of (Felicia opens her bright green eyes, sits up and zaps the pair of them)
The enemy is firing. Target is destroyed. Less than five thousand kilometres, sir. Sir, the pod's life support system is failing. We would need to boost the gain on the confinement beam by at least seven percent. It is possible that at this distance we are unable to distinguish the pod from the inorganic matter normally present in space. Sir, I am detecting signs of debris two hundred thousand kilometres inside Cardassian space. Its mass and composition indicate it could be the remains of a Federation escape pod. Captain's log, supplemental. We have intercepted a Cardassian report stating that a Bajoran prisoner escaped her captor and was killed in an evacuation pod as she tried to leave Cardassian space. [Ready room]
(trying to imitate the words) Who are you? What do you want? What's wrong with you? My name is Garvin? (Gia giggles) I do not know my name. You asked if I knew my name. I do not. Yes. It is becoming easier. Goodbye. I do not remember being in an accident. I walked here from the mountains. I have a clear memory of my journey. I have no prior memory. No. Yes. Radioactive. That is what is written on the container. Evidently. I do not know. Perhaps it is my name. That is correct. No. But I cannot have indigestion since I have not eaten. Then what do you believe I am? Ice man? Then I am not ill? Thank you. I am an ice man. Radioactive. Jayden. That is acceptable. I do not know. You may be right. But I do not wish to sell all the fragments. They may provide a clue to my identity. I believe the support structure on the anvil collapsed because some of the wood had rotted. Did I do something wrong, Garvin? You have told me no one from the village has ever been to the Vellorian Mountains. How can you be certain there are ferocious creatures there? But no one has actually seen one? I neither liked it nor disliked it. I simply had no appetite. Where is your mother? Yes. I do. [Holodeck - Engineering] (at red alert) I do not believe that is correct. I believe you are reasoning by analogy, classifying objects and phenomena according to superficial observation rather than empirical evidence. Wood, for example, does not contain fire simply because it is combustible, nor does it contain rock simply because it is heavy. Wood, like any complex organic form, is composed of thousands of different chemical compounds, none of which is fire. Yes. But I do not agree with Talur's assessment. Although I do have gaps in my memory, I know that fire is not an element. (raised voices at the forge) Garvin is correct. You agreed on twenty. With an increased focal length and an achromatic objective lens, this instrument will have a higher effective magnification. Garvin, with your permission, I would like to begin my own investigation regarding the cause of your illness. Gia, I would like you to accompany me to the village. I will need some supplies. [Town square] (coming out of a shop) I will use these materials to make the laboratory equipment I need to research your father's illness. I do not know. First I must isolate the cause of the illness. Am I to understand that Garvin's illness has spread? Gia, I think we should leave. I am studying skin samples from Gia and Garvin in an attempt to isolate the cause of the illness. Yes. She is also beginning to show signs of the illness. It is a magnifying device based on your hand-held instrument. I have refined the design to increase the magnification level. Of course. Objects appear approximately five hundred times their normal size. As you can see, the cellular damage is quite extensive. However, based on interstitial transparency and membrane integrity, I do not believe it is an infection or any other form of communicable disease. At the moment, I am looking for a common event or experience that Gia, Garvin and Skoran might have shared that could have a causal relationship to their illness. Yes, but since the illness struck all three in a relatively short period of time, it is reasonable to assume the experience is recent and unusual. I am aware of that. Excuse me. I am also open to the possibility that I may in some way be the causal factor. However, since you have had a great deal of contact with me and you show no signs of the sickness, I tend to discount myself as a likely candidate. I agree. (Gia comes downstairs) Talur is correct. You should rest. I will attend to your father. Gia, when did you begin wearing that pendant? May I see it? This is one of the metal fragments I sold to Skoran. [Troi's quarters] I have coated this piece of cloth with the liquid which is used in lamps. As you can see, the cloth becomes luminescent when it is exposed to an energy source. This pendant also appears to be an energy source. (flickers on the cloth) I believe a stream of particles is emanating from the metallic pendant and hitting the cloth. You will see there are. I can even block them. (Data puts the box in between the pendant and the screen) It would appear that this container was constructed of a material which absorbs or blocks the particles coming from the metal. No. It is empirical data. I believe the fragments were originally placed in this container to protect people from accidental exposure. The word radioactive may be a warning about the dangerous nature of the metal. I will continue my experiment. I would like you to gather all the pieces of metal in the village and place them in this container. Of course. (Talur leaves. A few moments later there is a thumping at the door. Data opens it.) If you are referring to the illness, you are partially correct. However, it is more complex than that. The metal fragment which (Data ducks Skoran's attack and sends him against the wall, but his crony's attack with an axe removes the covering from half of Data's face) I do not know. (later, Skoran pours pieces of metal into the box and Talur closes it) Gia. I do not know what I am. But I am not like you. No. I am not. I do not wish to frighten you. I understand your reaction. But I do not wish to harm you. You or Garvin or anyone else. I only wish to help, to find a cure for the illness. I was very close. I must to continue my work, but it will take time. How long until Skoran and the others return? Then I must hurry. (hours later, Data comes downstairs with a potion in a bowl) Gia, I believe I have found the answer. I believe so. I tested this medicine on skin samples from your father. They showed improvement, so I administered this to him. He is now recovering. A compound I made which will neutralise the particles that are making you ill. Swallow this. I must administer this to everyone in the village, but I do not think they will trust me after what happened to Skoran. I am afraid they will not believe you either. Gia, is the well in the town square the only source of water for this village? This is very important. Are there any other sources of fresh water near the village? Then I will put this compound into the well water. It may be diluted, but it should still have enough potency to work. I only wish to help. I do not know. I am surprised to find myself here. I thought I was on Barkon Four. I had located the crashed Federation probe and collected the radioactive fragments. I was attempting to download the sensor logs from the probe's onboard computer. There was a power surge. I believe the surge overloaded my positronic matrix. After that, I have no memory until this moment. (looks at his clothes) It appears I had an interesting time. Counsellor, have you been promoted in my absence? Yes, sir. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I have finished. (it's a perfect PADD) The dimensions are accurate to within one point three percent. Counsellor, music is a collection of acoustic vibrations. How can I reproduce a sound with clay? Acknowledged, sir. On my way. Captain's log, stardate 47615.2. We have encountered a rogue comet in sector one one five six. It is not native to this region of space, and there is no previous record of this object on any Federation charts. [Bridge] Based on its present trajectory, the comet appears to have originated in the D'Arsay system. That is correct, sir. This object has been en route for eighty seven million years. Aye, sir. The comet's outer shell is composed primarily of gaseous hydrogen and helium surrounding an icy mantle. The inner core consists of heavier elements (a bright light sweeps the Bridge) There is distortion within the comet's inner core. I believed we experienced an intense sensor echo. I am attempting to do so now, sir. I have compensated for the effect. Sensors are reconfigured for a low intensity sweep. We are still picking up some interference, but the distortion is manageable. At these settings, the scan will be complete in thirty nine hours. [Troi's quarters] I followed your advice, Counsellor. I used my imagination. For some reason, as I was shaping the clay, the image of the mask was exceptionally clear in my mind. The design seemed to flow quite naturally. No, Counsellor. I do not. Perhaps we should investigate this matter further. [Engineering] I believe I recognise these symbols. I do not know. It is a possibility. I do not believe my systems are currently impaired, but I will run a full diagnostic to make certain. Boundary. Border. Road. Companion. Message. Messenger. (a golden sun-face fills the screen) Death. [Bridge] I do not know, sir. The object is nearly solid. It is composed primarily of fortanium and several unknown materials. It is over eighty seven million years old. Captain, I believe this object is an informational archive. I do not know. However, I seem to have an intuitive understanding of its function. It is a possibility, sir. I recommend we run a level one diagnostic of my positronic net immediately to determine if that is the case. I suggest we examine the memory subsystem next. I am not certain. I am experiencing a curious sensation. An impulse. I do not know. Geordi, what does it feel like when a person is losing his mind? I do not know. I am different. Okay. I believe so, sir. I am not entirely certain what has happened. Have I been dreaming again? That one was not created by the archive, sir. That is the clay mask I originally made. I have since painted it. Yes, sir. Although I am relieved to be rid of those alien personalities, in a sense, I am now empty. I suspect the number was much greater. My impression is that there were thousands, of all ages and walks of life. It was a remarkable experience.
We are losing containment in the starboard nacelle tube. Aye, sir. The plasma venting system has engaged. [Jefferies tube] (climbing ladders) Aye, sir. [Nacelle control] (there is a man poised to jump into the plasma) Geordi, would you agree that the instinct for self-preservation is shared by most life forms? That being the case, I find it difficult to understand why someone would deliberately terminate their own existence. I believe I understand. I have been in a similar situation. The first months following my activation were a difficult period for me. There were many problems associated with my becoming sentient. As I acquired new skills, neural pathways would form replacing other less complex pathways. It was very disorienting. As my systems grew in complexity, it became increasingly difficult to integrate new pathways into my existing neural net. The probability of cascade failure grew with each additional pathway. I came to the conclusion it would be safer and easier to shut myself down and start again. In a way, it would have been like committing suicide. I decided against the procedure. I chose instead to treat the problems I was having with my systems as challenges to overcome, rather than obstacles to be avoided. The shipyard where the Enterprise was built. Lieutenant Kwan was partially empathic. No, they were installed two years ago. (Troi goes up the ladder to the nacelle proper) I am getting readings that indicate organic material embedded in this wall. It appears Counsellor was correct. Pierce was partially telepathic. His maternal grandmother was born on Betazed. According to Starfleet records, Pierce and the other persons Counsellor Troi identified, were killed in an accidental plasma discharge eight years ago. Their bodies were never found.
I believe she is doing well. Her appetite has increased by seven percent, and she is starting to engage in prenatal behaviour. (Spot is put down on a biobed) I have noticed that many humans prefer not to know in order to experience the surprise during birth. I believe I will preserve the mystery until then. I have spent the past nine weeks as an expectant parent. I would be happy to share my insights with your husband. If my experience is any indication, he will need all the help he can get. Captain's log, stardate 47653.2. We're performing field tests of our new tactical systems and weapon upgrades. Mister Worf is supervising the exercises. [Bridge] That would be inadvisable, sir. The asteroid field is unusually dense. The Enterprise is too large to safely navigate through it. Captain, I will need a few minutes to attend to a personal matter. [Data's quarters] It is possible that it will take several days for Captain Picard and me to complete our mission. I would prefer to have a human present to supervise the birthing process. I have noticed that you are the only other member of the crew whom Spot seems to like. She is to you. However, there have been several injuries to other members of the crew who have attempted to care for her. A place? I am not certain. Spot has escaped from my quarters on several occasions and there are twelve male felines on board. I intend to run a full DNA analysis on the kittens once they On my way, sir. Goodbye, Spot. I believe you are in good hands. Captain, the ship is not at the pre-arranged coordinates. I do not know. I am unable to raise them on any communication channel. I found it, sir, two light years away. The Enterprise appears to be adrift. I am reading power fluctuations on all decks. There are life signs. However, sensor readings are highly distorted. I am unable to identify specific lifeforms. Main power is offline. All systems are in standby or emergency mode. There is no response from any manned station. I cannot access internal sensors from here. We will have to go to the Bridge. [Corridor] (strange calls in the air) Yes, sir. I am able to discern over three hundred different vocalisations. (something large rattles along a Jefferies tube) It is composed of reptilian DNA. I believe it is an epidermal layer that has been cast off during moulting. Yes, sir. I cannot explain it. There are no species aboard the Enterprise that shed their skin in this fashion. (a little further along there is a door covered in condensation) Sir. No, sir. Her DNA is in a state of ribocyatic flux. Her genetic codes are being re-sequenced and her cells are mutating as a result. At a fundamental level, sir, she is no longer human. Her respiratory tissue has become capable of metabolising both water and air, and her eyes have developed nictitating membranes. I believe she is amphibian, sir. Yes, sir. There's Klingon DNA in the wound. It is saliva. It would appear so. (Deanna go back underwater) I will need to run a full biospectral analysis. His upper spinal column has been broken in three places. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. However, it was in its initial stages when he died. Captain, I am picking up one thousand and eleven individual life forms within the ship. All exhibit a similar genetic flux to the one we observed in Counsellor Troi. Most of the lifeforms are scattered throughout the ship. However, there are several large concentrations in the arboretum and the aquatic lab. Captain. His cranial plates have thickened by twenty percent. His brain is much smaller, sir. I do not believe he can comprehend our language. Yes, sir. His DNA would seem to confirm that observation. Captain, I believe the crew is de-evolving. [Sickbay] I have analysed Commander Riker's DNA structure. A synthetic T-cell has invaded his genetic codes. This T-cell has begun to activate his latent introns. They are genetic codes which are normally dormant. They are evolutionary holdovers, sequences of DNA that provided key behavioural and physical characteristics millions of years ago, but are no longer necessary. For instance, Counsellor Troi's gill slits and other amphibious characteristics were derived from introns which still contain amphibious codes. That is correct. In her case, the DNA has created an amphibious lifeform which became extinct over fifty million years ago. Yes, sir. I would say Australopithecine. Each of these stages is another link in the evolutionary chain which stretches back to the origins of all lifeforms on Earth. Because introns can include genetic material from many different species over millions of years of evolution, it is possible that a wide variety of transformations is occurring among the crew. All humanoid life has a similar genetic pattern. The virus should work on non-human crewmembers in the same way. They are each de-evolving to earlier forms of life on their homeworlds. I feel I must inform you, sir, you have also been infected by the intron virus. According to my calculations, within the next twelve hours, you will begin to exhibit the first signs of your eventual transformation. I believe you will also de-evolve into some form of early primate. Possibly similar to a lemur, or a pygmy marmoset. I am uncertain. We will need to run several microcellular scans. However, the ship's main computer has been damaged. Captain, the computer in my quarters has an independent processing and memory storage unit. It should not be affected. I suggest we start from there. It would appear that Spot has had her kittens. Yes. I am curious as to why Spot is not caring for them. (it's because on the carpet is an iguana with a pink collar) No, sir. These kittens were born less than twenty four hours. It would appear that Spot's transformation took place at approximately the same time. I believe so. For some reason, the intron virus was not passed on to the kittens. I do not know why. That is true. Placental barrier, maternal antibodies and amniotic fluids all serve as a filtration system. It would take further research, but I believe to be effective on humanoid crewmembers, humanoid antibodies would be necessary. Nurse Ogawa has recently became pregnant. I have traced her comm. badge signal to deck seventeen, section twenty one alpha. One of the warp plasma vents has failed. Main Engineering has been abandoned. There is no one there to fix the problem. [Engineering] I can repair the damaged plasma vent from here. I believe it was Lieutenant Barclay. He appeared to be partially transformed into an arachnid. Yes, sir. Are you all right, Captain? You may be experiencing the initial stages of your transformation. Early primates were often prey to larger carnivores. As a result, their instincts probably included a heightened sense of awareness. Captain, I have analysed Nurse Ogawa's embryo. It has been unaffected by the virus. I believe I can use her amniotic fluid as a template for a retrovirus. It would neutralise the synthetic T-cell, and re-establish the original genetic patterns of each host. It will not take long to isolate the appropriate genetic material. I will need to get the Sickbay computer back on (something tries to batter down the door) It is large. Approximately two hundred kilograms. It is heavily armored with an exoskeleton. Life signs appear to be Klingon. We cannot be certain a stun setting will have any effect on him. A higher setting may kill him. (the wide shot shows Riker and Troi are also on biobeds) There are crewmembers in the corridors and other sections of the ship. It would be much easier for him to capture and consume one of them, than to attempt to break through a door. Captain, what are you suggesting? If that is true, he must be trying to reach her now. The mating instinct is quite strong in Klingon biology. I am not certain what would be an effective lure. I am extracting a blood sample from one of her sebaceous glands, where the pheromones are produced. I believe I can activate the pheromones with a bioactivant solution. I believe this will produce the desired effect. I will use it to draw Worf to a another part of the ship. Captain, that is extremely unwise. Worf may be much faster than Computer, display progress of genetic re-sequencing. [Jefferies tube] (Worf sprays venom on Picard's arm from above through a grating and Picard drops the phaser) [Sickbay] Computer, increase nucleotide substitution by thirty two percent. [Jefferies tube] (at the point of the original hole, Picard insulates himself on a panel cover and jabs a live cable onto the metal framework. Finally Worf collapses.) [Sickbay] (Alyssa is back to normal) Data to Captain Picard. [Jefferies tube] The retro virus is working, sir. [Sickbay] I can release it into the ship's atmosphere in a gaseous state. [Jefferies tube] Are you all right, sir?
If so, we may have to call Security. I was of course not serious about calling Security. It was a joke. Goodbye, Wes. (Data and Geordi leave)
The delay will also make it possible for Stellar Dynamics to complete their study of the Vodrey Nebula. Starfleet records contain no mention of the Duras sisters after their departure from Deep Space Nine. We are approaching Kalla Three. It is difficult to say. The magnesite is interfering with bioreadings. Then you are denying involvement in illegal mining activities? Would you be willing to share your information with us? We could certainly provide passage off this planet in exchange for information. Gather your belongings. It is time to leave. I am detecting a vessel holding position near the third planet. It is a Yridian freighter. The resonance signature indicates that there is magnesite ore present. Sir, readings indicate that there are only five hundred kilograms of ore in the Yridian hold. Sir, that would place the ore directly off the ship's starboard bow.
It appears to be an unmanned probe approximately one half metre in diameter. There are no identifiable armaments. The beam appears to contain holographic imaging information. Aye, sir. Captain, I am unable to find any information on Jason Vigo's current whereabouts. No, sir. That would significantly narrow our search. The only cultivated land is on the southern continent, and there are relatively few people engaged in agricultural activities. I am detecting eight humans. Three are female. However, they are all too young to be Miranda Vigo. One is an infant. Another is elderly. Two are middle aged. I am having difficulty getting a clear reading on the eighth. The individual appears to be approximately two kilometres beneath the planet's surface. Male, between twenty and thirty years old. Aye, sir. [Transporter room] (A young man in the act of rock climbing nearly falls over) Bok took the precaution of encrypting the probe's navigational systems so that we would be unable to decipher its flight path. Those phenomena are relatively common. We would need to identify at least one of them specifically in order to postulate a flight path. Captain, incoming message from DaiMon Birta. There is a class four pulsar three light years from the nebula. My calculations indicate the probe was launched in the Xendi Kabu system. Captain, I have compiled all available records pertaining to Jason Vigo's criminal record, and Yes, sir. He has been charged three times with petty theft, twice for disorderly conduct, and several dozen times for trespassing. I believe the charges relate to his climbing activities in the caves underneath the planet's surface. This is the information you requested, is it not? I do not believe so, sir. Captain, I do not believe it was meant as an attack, but rather as a message. Yes, sir, in B'zal, a Ferengi code which uses an alternating pattern of light and darkness. I am attempting to do so. The message reads, my revenge is at hand. Bok was in direct contact with this chair for an extended period. It is showing a distinctive subspace signature as a result. The Federation abandoned its research in the field because the technology was found to be unreliable, as well as energy intensive. In theory it could operate over several light years. If Bok uses his transporter again, we might be able to trace the subspace signature and locate his ship. It is a possibility. In order to do so, we would need to tie the ship's subspace field coils into the transporter system. Sir, sensors are detecting a subspace carrier wave headed for the ship. Its signature is consistent with Bok's transporter. The transporter beam is focusing on deck nine, section four. No, sir. The subspace signature left by his transporter is decaying more rapidly than predicted. It may not be possible to trace it. I am tracing the transporter beam Bok used to send the probe. The ship is holding position approximately three hundred billion kilometres from here. It may be possible, sir, but it would not be advisable. Phase dampers are in synch. Standing by to modulate the transport pattern. Initiating transport sequence now. [Ferengi Bridge]
Graves at my command have wak'd their sleepers, op'd, and let 'em forth by my so potent art. But this rough magic I here abjure, and when I have required some heavenly music, which even now I do, to work mine end upon their senses, that this airy charm is for, I'll break my staff, bury it certain fathoms in the earth, and deeper than did ever plummet sound, I'll (breaks character) Captain? Sir, your attention is wandering. But sir, I am supposed to be attempting a Neo-Platonic magical rite. The darkness is appropriate for such a ritual. Perhaps I have been too literal with respect to my set design. Computer, modify holodeck programme Data seven three. Shakespeare's The Tempest, Act Five, scene one. Increase torchlight by twenty percent. Yes, sir. Captain, I am not certain I fully understand this Prospero character. I would appreciate any insight you might have that would improve my performance. There is certainly a tragic aspect to the character. No, sir. It appears to be a steam locomotive. If I am not mistaken. Captain, you are injured. (Picard has a graze on his cheek) The train we encountered was from one of Doctor Crusher's holodeck programs. It was a re-creation of the Orient Express, a train which travelled from Paris to Istanbul from the late nineteenth century until. There appears to have been a malfunction in the holodeck's database retrieval programme. The two programs somehow temporarily linked together. It is a possibility. I will need to run a diagnostic to be certain. Aye, sir. [Sickbay] The ship has moved into warp, sir. Apparently no one. Helm and navigation controls are not functioning. Our speed is now warp seven point three and holding. Bearing one eight seven mark four. I am unable to determine our destination, however we are heading away from the Mekorda sector. We are no longer at warp, sir. Impulse power has resumed. All systems show normal. We are approximately thirty billion kilometres from our original position. One fact is clear, however. The distortion was growing in strength. If we had remained at our original position one point seven seconds longer, the distortion would have ruptured our warp core. Perhaps the engines were activated by a random power fluctuation. It is improbable, but it is possible. There is another possibility. The sensors apparently detected a dangerous anomaly that threatened the Enterprise. It is possible that they triggered a safety device which caused the ship to avoid destruction. It appears to be connected to several other systems as well, including the warp control circuits. I am not certain. Perhaps it came from the node itself. It appears to be protecting itself. [Engineering] These nodes were linking the sensors to our warp control and defensive systems. We believe this is why the ship jumped to warp. It is possible that the magnascopic storm we recently experienced had an unexpected effect on the ship's systems. As they increase, it will become progressively more difficult to control the ship. Agreed. All of the nodal connections intersect in holodeck three. It appears to be a focal point of some kind. Commander, the holodeck appears to be in operation. I did, but it has reactivated itself and it will not disengage. Several different programs are running simultaneously. No, sir. I estimate that this scene consists of portions of seven distinct holodeck programs. Commander. I have located a large concentration of nodes behind this wall. They appear to be connected directly to the holodeck's main power coupling. The power grid is located beneath this deck, sir. I believe we have changed direction. Commander. According to my tricorder, the holodeck safeties have been disengaged. His weapon could be lethal. The number of systems now being affected by the nodes has increased considerably. Sensors, engines, replicators, propulsion, they are all working together now, almost independently of the main computer. And the nodes link them all through the holodeck. Commander, I believe what happens on the holodeck has a direct effect on the ship. When we attempted to destroy the nodes, the characters on the train responded almost immediately to stop us. Then the conductor then signalled for the train to change directions, and at approximately the same time Not precisely. Geordi, does the configuration of connection nodes look familiar to you? That is correct. It would appear that the nodes are in the process of creating a rudimentary neural net. Unlikely as it may sound, I believe that the Enterprise may be forming an intelligence. [Observation lounge] This is a synaptic map of the human neo-cortex. This is a cross section of my positronic net. And this is a schematic of the connection nodes linking the ship's systems. I believe some sort of neural matrix is forming on the ship. It is still relatively primitive, but it is an intelligence nonetheless. I believe it is an emergent property. Complex systems can sometimes behave in ways that are entirely unpredictable. The human brain, for example, might be described in terms of cellular functions and neurochemical interactions. But that description does not explain human consciousness, a capacity that far exceeds simple neural functions. Consciousness is an emergent property. Exactly. The Enterprise contains a vast database of information which is managed by a sophisticated computer. This complex system gives the ship many of the characteristics of a biological organism. Yes, sir. I believe a self-determining intelligence is emerging. I believe the key to understanding the ship's behaviour lies in the holodeck. All of the connection nodes intersect at that location. It is clearly some kind of processing centre. Yes, sir. A focal point where all the ideas and instincts of this emerging intelligence are first expressed in some form. If you will distract these people, I will attempt to depolarise the power grid. (Troi and Worf go over the rustic and the other flapper who are working on the jigsaw) I am ready to access the main power grid. I can access the power grid here. I will attempt to depolarise the grid by using a low frequency inversion field. It may disengage the nodes without destroying them. I encountered a minor difficulty, Counsellor, but it has been dealt with. (he is holding the revving taxi with one hand) I am ready to depolarise the power grid. [Cargo bay] Acknowledged. (the quake stops) [Holodeck - wall] Data to Captain Picard. [Cargo bay] Data to Captain. The train has returned to normal, sir. Our destination is New Vertiform City. [Bridge] How did the Conductor stop the train? I can get us there more quickly. I know a shorter route. Yes, if you will let me handle the controls. Data to Captain Picard. I have taken control of the engine room. [Bridge] I will attempt to do so. Captain, I am staging a scene from The Tempest this evening for a small audience. I would like for you to attend. Miranda's first encounter with other human beings. It seemed appropriate. Captain, you took a substantial risk in allowing the Enterprise to complete its task. Because the end result was unknown. The object could have been dangerous. It may in fact, be dangerous. Yes, sir.
I will scan their warp signatures. Sir, sensors indicate the attacking vessels are Federation ships. (after the opening credits) They are not responding, sir. The Maquis ships are regrouping, sir. They are closing in on the Cardassian vessel. She is responsible for the death of a Cardassian soldier. Do you know where she went? It is unlikely that they would receive our communication, sir. The Topin system contains an unstable protostar. It generates significant magnetoscopic interference. Most of our sensors would be ineffective, although our directional array should cut through the interference. No, sir. It will take approximately six hours to scan this system. I am attempting to do so. [Ro's ship] Sir, I am scanning the area from which the distress signal was sent, but I am unable to detect a vessel. Sir, a vessel of some kind is attempting to penetrate our aft shields. The vessel that penetrated our shields is of the same design as the ships used by the Maquis. It is moving off. I have established a relay link with the sensor probe we left on the perimeter of the Nebula. This is the convoy. We are expecting the Maquis attack force to cross the border from the Demilitarised Zone. Sir, the Maquis squadron is coming into sensor range. Sir, the vessel being piloted by Lieutenant Ro is firing a low intensity particle beam into the nebula. The polarising effect being created by the beam may make it possible for us to be detected. I will attempt to do so. [Santos's ship] Sir, the Maquis ships are breaking formation. No, sir. They are withdrawing.
Holding the Lucasian Chair does have its perquisites. This house originally belonged to Sir Isaac Newton when he held the position. It's become the traditional residence. Jessel. She can be frightfully trying at times, but she does make me laugh. I found that a touch of grey adds an air of distinction. Captain, how long has it been since you've seen a physician about your Irumodic Syndrome? But sir, peridaxon In all honesty, Captain, the thought has occurred to me. However, there's nothing to disprove what you're saying. So it's possible something is happening to you. The first thing we should do is run a complete series of neurographic scans. We can use the equipment at the biometrics lab here on the campus. Jessel, ask Professor Ripper to take over my lecture for tomorrow. Possibly for the rest of the week. Captain, we'll get to the bottom of this. That would be inadvisable. If you attempt to ignite a petroleum product on this ship at zero hundred hours, it will activate the fire suppression system, which would seal off this entire compartment. Expression of what? Ah. Then to burn the midnight oil implies late work? I am curious. What is the etymology of that idiom? How did it come to be used in contemporary language? It is good to see you, too, sir. Certainly. This will need a completely new field induction subprocessor. It appears that we will be required to ignite the midnight petroleum, sir. It would appear there is a discontinuity between the time periods you described. Events in one time period would seem to have no effect on the other two. Aye, sir. Computer, restore holographic image. (back comes the fireplace) There is another option. We could arrange passage aboard a medical ship. Yes, sir. There was an outbreak of Terrellian plague on Romulus. The Klingons have been allowing Federation medical ships to cross the border. Doctor. I'm not sure. Information on the Klingon political structure is hard to come by these days. However, at last report Worf was governor of H'atoria, a small Klingon colony near the border. How would you define unusual, sir? Every region of space has its own unique properties that cannot be found anywhere else. Nothing, sir. Given the fact that there is an apparent discontinuity between the three time periods the Captain has visited, Q's statement may be accurate, if confusing. That is true. Q's interest in you has always been very similar to that of a master and his beloved pet. That was only an analogy, Captain. Captain, there are four warbirds holding position on the Romulan side of the Neutral Zone. Sensors are picking up a large subspace anomaly directly ahead. Aye, sir. We are approaching the Devron system, Captain. Sensors are picking up a large subspace anomaly directly ahead. Aye, sir. [Future - USS Pasteur Bridge] As you can see, sir, there's nothing there. (a little later) Still nothing, Captain. I've conducted a full sensor sweep out to one light year from the Pasteur. No temporal anomalies, no particle fluctuations, nothing. There are several methods of detecting temporal disturbances, but we're limited by the equipment on the Pasteur. However, it may be possible to modify the main deflector to emit an inverse tachyon pulse, which could scan beyond the subspace barrier. To make the modifications and search the entire Devron system will take approximately fourteen hours. The anomaly is two hundred million kilometres in diameter. It is a highly focused temporal energy source which is emitting approximately the same energy output as ten G type stars. I am uncertain, sir. Sensors are unable to penetrate the anomaly. That is a most intriguing idea, sir. I do not believe a tachyon beam was ever used in such a way. I had no idea you were so versed in the intricacies of temporal theory, sir. I believe we can make the necessary modifications in main Engineering, sir. [Engineering] Agreed. Initiating tachyon pulse. It will take the computer some time to give us a complete picture of the anomaly's interior. I suggest we (La Forge holds his head in pain) Geordi? What is wrong? Data to Sickbay. Medical emergency in main Engineering. [Sickbay] Captain, I believe I have a partial explanation. I have completed my analysis of the anomaly. It appears to be a multi-phasic temporal convergence in the space-time continuum. It is, in essence, an eruption of anti-time. A relatively new concept in temporal mechanics. The relationship between anti-time and normal time is analogous to the relationship between antimatter and normal matter. They would annihilate one other, causing a rupture in space. I believe this is what happened in the Devron system. The rupture may be sending out waves of temporal energy which are disrupting the normal flow of time. Anti-time, sir? That is a fascinating hypothesis. How did you formulate Captain, another ship decloaking bearing two one five mark three one oh. It's the Enterprise. (a three-nacelled Enterprise) They're hailing us. The Klingon ship is disengaging. Admiral Riker is hailing us. Approximately one hour forty five minutes, sir. Aye, sir. Our tachyon pulse has been unable to completely penetrate the anomaly. If we had information on the centre of the phenomenon, we might have a basis for speculation. In theory, a tomographic imaging scanner capable of multiphasic resolution would be able to penetrate this much interference. The Daystrom Institute has been working on such a device, but it is still only theoretical. [Bridge] (at the science station) Yes, sir. Possibly. (taps the console) There is a great deal of interference, but I am getting some readings. This is very unusual. It appears that our tachyon pulse is converging with two other tachyon pulses at the centre of the anomaly. The other two pulses have the exact same amplitude modulation as our own pulse. It is as if all three originated from the Enterprise. Captain, what are you suggesting? [Future - Enterprise guest quarters] (Picard wakes up) I suspect the last thing Counsellor Troi would have wanted is for the two of you to be alienated. I think I know what the Captain's talking about. If I'm not mistaken, he's describing a paradox. Intriguing. It is possible we could've caused the very anomaly we've been looking for. Let us assume for a moment that the Captain has been travelling through time. Let us also assume he has initiated an tachyon pulse at the same coordinates in space in all three time periods. In that case, it is possible that the convergence of three tachyon pulses could've ruptured the subspace barrier and created an anti-time reaction. If we go back to the Devron system now, we might be able to see the initial formation of the anomaly. Sensors are picking up a small temporal anomaly off the port bow. The anomaly is being sustained by the continuing tachyon pulses in the other two time periods. I suggest shutting them down. I will investigate the options. [Bridge] Sir? Aye, sir. No, sir. Aye, sir. Disengaging. It remains unaffected here as well, sir. It would require taking the ship into the anomaly itself. Once inside, we may be able to use the engines to create a static warp shell. Collapsing the anomaly and restoring the normal flow of time. But this would have to be done in the other two time periods as well. I am preparing to initiate a static warp shell. Captain, I have an idea. If we take the ship to the centre of the anomaly and create a static warp shell Yes, sir. At least thirty seconds, sir. [Future - Bridge] We have reached the centre, sir. Initiating static warp shell now. [Future - Bridge] Something is happening. A new subspace barrier appears to be forming, Captain, it appears to be working. The anomaly is beginning to collapse. I think that The warp shell is definitely having an effect, sir. The anomaly is collapsing. Both of the other ships have been destroyed. The anomaly is nearly collapsed. I believe, however, this situation is unique. Since the anomaly did not occur, there have already been changes in the way this time line is unfolding. The future we experience will undoubtedly be different from the one the Captain encountered. Five card draw, deuces wild. (doorbell) Would you care to deal, sir?
