When did you realise you were dealing with a sentient lifeform? We're approaching the planet. Prepare to enter standard orbit. Planet designated L S Six. There's a lot of seismic activity down there, possibly volcanic in origin. Moving into synchronous orbit. [Planet surface] (The four beam down to a ruined stone settlement. There is a stele, a carved pillar in the middle, which immediately grabs Odo's interest.) Why don't we take it with us. Our computers back on the station might be able to decipher the inscriptions. Computer, begin transport. (The stele is beamed out then there's an earthquake. The ruins start to fall.) Computer, realign transporter. Lock on to our comm. badges. Doctor Bashir wouldn't listen to me and hid my clothes so I wouldn't leave. I had to sneak out to my quarters in a hospital gown that wouldn't close in the back. What did this? I don't believe it. Odo, Doctor Mora is awake and would like to speak with you. [Infirmary] It just couldn't survive out of its own environment. But with that in mind, do you still think this lifeform was capable of destroying the lab? I'd really like to get Doctor Mora's opinion on all this. Feel like getting a raktajino before we call it a night? I was thinking more of the Promenade. Sleep tight, Julian. (Dax leaves) No blood or any fluid traces, but I am picking up a very slight trail of something we didn't see last time. An organic residue. We'll see. (Dax leaves) The computer's having trouble breaking down the DNA chains. No luck there either. All things considered, the computer's having a bad week. We have such a limited database for the Gamma Quadrant. It was in my way. I had it moved. (Odo leaves) Only enough to be sure that they're not the same. Let me run a cross-tabulation analysis. It should only take a few minutes. Not as well as I'd like to. He keeps to himself a lot. So I've heard. He's an invaluable man around here. Here we are. This is the new one from the Infirmary, and this is the lifeform from the planet. But remember it went through several metamorphoses. Some metachromic similarities. The computer's broken down the DNA chain on the new sample. I can run an analysis and see if it matches up with any other lifeform in the computer. Two, three hours, maybe.
Am I disturbing anything? I thought I'd better return this epidellic lotion. Oh, it's wonderful. Do you have any idea where you'll be stationed? Foreign affairs building? Well that's rather dull. Did they give you any alternative? Odo, leave her alone. This is Kira's decision to make. Unless of course you want me to talk to Sisko. Listen to them, Kira. It's all right. Listen. (They embrace, then Dax is Winn.) He's calling again. I think he's getting tired of seeing me smile. They haven't come up with anything yet. Dax to O'Brien. We don't want to hold up the Kressari any longer than necessary. The ship's due back here the day after tomorrow. Perhaps we'll be able to correct any additional problems then. Quark, this isn't the time. Go ahead. I can't do it, Benjamin. All frequencies [Infirmary] To Bajor are jammed. We lost all communication with the planet five minutes ago. I have Admiral Chekote on subspace.
It won't be hard to find Rakhar. According to the logs, Croden was found in a damaged shuttlecraft about three light years from the wormhole. There aren't many M class planets in that area. We're in orbit. Open. I'm picking up a signal in the southern hemisphere. They're hailing us. Just over five hours.
Dax to Sisko. Professor Seyetik and I are in the science lab, if you'd like to meet him. Inside the flux generator. Well, that's what I tried to tell him. Benjamin, have you ever met a terraformer? You can't tell a terraformer anything. It's an amazing talent bringing dead worlds to life, but humility and common sense aren't part of the job description. Let's hope it works. Right now, it's a promising theory. Benjamin, you're not going to let that last piece of Andorian tuber root go to waste, are you? Because it's delicious. May I? I'm going to need the extra calories to keep up with Seyetik. The man works almost as much as he talks. Benjamin? Are you looking for someone? Nothing important. I have to meet with Chief O'Brien. We're boosting the maximum speed of Seyetik's ship to warp nine point five. If his experiment fails and that sun goes supernova, we're going to need to get out of there fast. Benjamin, do you have a minute? I was hoping you had something to say to me. You really have no intention of telling me, do you? Come on, Benjamin. I saw you with her last night on the Promenade. What's her name? You used to tell Curzon everything. You know what I mean. It's because I'm a woman now, isn't it? No, I understand. It's hard to talk man to man with a woman. Then tell me what's going on. Of course, if it doesn't work it might be the last thing we ever see. Certainly not anyone who's ever read your autobiography. Now we have something to talk about. (After dinner) It is the same woman, isn't it? Maybe you ought to talk to her when her husband isn't around. That would have never stopped Curzon. I thought the theoretical maximum for those engines was warp nine point five? I'll be right there. Come to see us off, Benjamin? Do you really think this is a good idea? All set. The containment fields are holding fine, remote guidance systems are fully operational. (Sisko and Seyetik enter) On my way. I'm not reading any cellular structure. No DNA patterns. Just pure energy. She's in shock. Her respiration is shallow, her heartbeat irregular and falling. Her blood pressure's dropping. Benjamin, she's dying. I don't know that I can. I've never seen readings like these. Her occipital lobe is giving off enormous amounts of energy. I don't see how she can survive more than an hour or two like this. There's nothing I can do. Commander, you'd better come to the Bridge right away. It's Seyetik. He's launched the shuttlepod toward Epsilon one nineteen, and he's on board. He's opening a channel. He's about sixty seconds from impact. (Sisko and Fenna enter) Thirty seconds from impact. Ten seconds. Five seconds.
It looks like a Cardassian military code, but the computer doesn't recognise it. We're losing it. Clamps released. Weapons ready. Dukat's bird of prey is in position. There sure are a lot of them. Dukat's ship is breaking formation. He's going after the Dominion fleet. Too late. He's gone. [Barracks] (The Romulan woman is keeping a watch at the barrack door.) Somebody tell me this is a bad dream. So the Dominion can send reinforcements through the wormhole whenever they want. What makes you think it's a changeling? It's Chancellor Gowron. He's requesting permission to dock. They've got wounded. The last of Gowron's ships have arrived. Admiral Gilhouly's task force is less than four light years away. Do they know what he replicated? Captain, incoming message. It's Gul Dukat. Yes, sir. What are your orders, Captain? [Ops] The Yukon is headed straight for the Bajoran sun. [Runabout] (Bashir 2 switches on a device on a console when the ship shakes.) [Bridge] Its shields are holding. Looks like someone's been doing some modifications to the Yukon. I'm also picking up large amounts of trilithium, tekasite, and protomatter on board. It could trigger a supernova. Wipe out the entire fleet, the station We're too far away. Inside a solar system? So I suppose this means you want your Klingon opera collection back. More or less. [Promenade - upper level]
If it wasn't for his signal, we never would have found you. Looks like he saved both of your lives.
Thank you all for coming. I'll get right to the point. You are the seven people on this station that I feel closest to, and I want you all to be a part of my zhian'tara. The zhian'tara is a ritual where joined Trills get a chance to actually meet their previous hosts. That's where you come in. If you don't mind, I'd like to borrow your bodies for a few hours. If you agree to participate, the memories of one of my previous hosts will be temporarily removed from the symbiont and imprinted onto you. You essentially become one of my hosts for the duration of the ritual. The memories are transferred telepathically by a Guardian. Oh, only for a few hours. You'll remain conscious of everything that's going on around you, and at any time you can reassert yourself and regain control of your body. Commander Sisko has volunteered to embody Joran. Chief? I really want you to be a part of this, Quark. I was hoping that you'd embody Audrid for me. I think it'll make us closer. I knew I could count on you. Kira, I would like you to embody Lela, my first host. We'll start tomorrow, after the Guardian arrives. It means a lot to me that all of you all willing to do this. Thank you. (Everyone leaves except Dax and Sisko.) Yes, he did. [Holosuite] I just haven't had time to get away. This way. [Guest quarters] (There's a flame burning in a cauldron.) Kira? (Kira sounds more middle-aged, and carries her head forward.) I'm Jadzia. No. I can't remember. It's a little disorienting, like part of me is suddenly missing. I know. It's just, I hold my hands behind my back the same way you do. I thought it was just an unconscious habit. I never realised why I did it. It's so strange. It's like you really are Lela. Tobin, I don't think Chief O'Brien is going to appreciate you biting his nails. That's all right. I get that way sometimes myself. Will you please stop saying you're sorry? I've been working on finishing your proof of Fermat's last theorem. It's the most original approach to the proof since  Wiles over three hundred years ago. I guess I tend to look for original approaches myself. I guess I have you to thank for that, as well. (We switch to Leeta doing acrobatics.) Very nice. I'll be sure to pass that on. And hurt your gymnastics career? Really? I found that as well. No, but I'm an expert in Klingon martial arts. After. No. Another hour at most. And the sooner we get back to it, the sooner it'll be over. I promise. (Dax reaches for another treat and someone takes a handful.) Maybe you should go easy on those, Torias. Julian was just telling me the other day he's started to watch what he eats. (Brash, loud, sort of mid-west accent but not quite.) You didn't exactly deprive yourself. The accident. So do I. (Doorbell) It was nice meeting you. [Security office] Joran. Yes, when I have the time. Sometimes. You don't know anything about me. I'm not. No. (Joran pushes against the forcefield with his hands, then starts thumping his head against it.) Joran! Stop it, you're hurting him. Benjamin, take control! Are you all right? (Sisko grabs her throat.) For what? I keep thinking about Joran. I can't seem to get it out of my head. I don't know. Maybe I did. I'm not so sure I was. If that's true, then why did Curzon wash me out of the Initiate programme? I've always believed it was because he wanted to challenge me so that I would reapply and try harder, but now I'm not so sure. Maybe Curzon just didn't think I was good enough. I will. But what happens if he tells me something I don't want to hear? I have to go. [Guest quarters] Looks like the two of you are having a good time. For the most part. No, but I can see why you did. Curzon, there's something I want to talk to you about. Do you remember when I was an Initiate? Don't worry, Quark. We're going. [Security office] (Curzon picks up a tall slim bottle.) Don't you need it for evidence? I still want to talk to you about what happened when I was an Initiate. Why didn't you object when you heard I was reinstated into the programme? It was your job to be hard on Initiates. I guess I've always had this nagging feeling I didn't have your complete confidence. I tried to push it aside, but now it turns out I was right. You never thought I was good enough to be a host. No. I feel like I don't have your respect. And I'm afraid when your memories are restored to me, I'm going to feel like I don't respect myself. What do you mean? I don't think so. I don't think I want to do anything. I mean I'm fine, and obviously Odo and Curzon are well suited to each other. Maybe it's better this way. I looked up to him. I still do. Maybe that's why I find it hard to challenge his decisions. And how would he react? We need to talk. I want my memories back. For you, maybe. You're both living out a life you never could have had otherwise. But it's my life you're living. Those should be my memories. That's where you're wrong. I earned the right to be joined. I am the only person in our planet's history who was ever readmitted to the Initiate programme after being washed out. Curzon Dax famous for rejecting Initiates. Why feel sorry for me? You can't intimidate me, Curzon. And I'm not a little girl anymore. You were in love with me? Then why were you so hard on me? So you washed me out of the programme. So when I reapplied, you didn't object. Why? Because you loved me? There's no shame in that, Curzon. No, I won't, because I love you. You're a part of me and I want you back. That way, Jadzia and Curzon can be together the way they should be, through Dax. [Quark's] Of course. There's no need to apologise. In a way I'm glad it happened. It forced me to deal with some things about myself I've never really faced. Besides, you've given me a special gift. You see, now I have Curzon's memories of what it felt like to be a changeling. I never realised how much joy it gives you. He always seemed to, somehow. Yes, he is. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Captain, a Ferengi ship is approaching the station requesting permission to dock. It's Grand Nagus Zek. And your mother's with him.
Have you met her yet? Captain Yates. Jake introduced us. So are you going to ask her to dinner? Let me just put it this way. If I were Curzon, I'd have stolen her from you by now.
We're almost ready. I've programmed the laser sequence and I'm making some last minute adjustments to a South American Site. Like this? Thank you. (Dax starts to leave, turns back and kisses Bashir passionately.) Julian. (Garak tackles O'Brien and gets his gun.) I'm sorry, Doctor. (Bashir frees Kira) You've just activated the final laser sequence.
Movek. Okay. I see your point. The mek'leth definitely have its advantages. But I still think the bat'leth, with its longer reach, is usually the deciding factor. So you think that I was overconfident? My outfit? You thought I wore this for you? Talk about overconfidence. (Dax walks away, smiling, then returns straight-faced to put the broken bat'leth against his throat.) Worf. Gotcha. But in my own defence, you do try your own tactics of distraction with all that shouting and growling you do. Quark, have you seen Worf? He was supposed to meet me in the holosuite five minutes ago. Worf is never late. In fact, he grumbles at me if I'm two minutes behind schedule. It's just his way. It's nothing personal, Quark. What kind of Klingon incense? Why would he want adanji? Odo. Yesterday you called Worf to the airlock to see some Klingon. Who was it? Worf's brother. Oh my god. Dax to Worf. Computer, locate Commander Worf. Is he alone? Come on. [Worf's quarters] Dax to Ops. Emergency transport. Two to the infirmary. Kurn's going to make it. Julian said he'll be up on his feet by tomorrow morning. Benjamin, it wasn't murder. Worf and Kurn were performing a Mauk-to'Vor ritual. It's part of Klingon belief that when It's clear. There are definitely other possibilities for Kurn. This will never happen again. I wanted to apologise. I interfered in a family matter, and if I caused you and your brother any further dishonour, I'm sorry. Not from a Klingon point of view. Is there anything I can do to help? Okay. Right. Do you have any ideas? Well, in the short term, there's no reason why your brother can't stay here on the station. What about security? It worked for one Klingon officer I know. Well, there is another security force on the station. [Security office] But torpedoes leave ion trails, and the Defiant didn't pick up any in the vicinity. And cloaked mines can't be detected by any known sensor array. If we're right, there could be thousands of mines out there right now and we'd have no way of knowing it. Unless we know their coordinates, there's no way to find them until we run into one. You don't seem very pleased. Your report said it was self-defence. What do you mean? From the way you described it, he was standing so close to you, you couldn't have seen the knife in his hand. Worf, I don't think you can tell someone's going to kill you by looking at them. Do you want to go back? Is that enough? Sounds like you're thinking of carrying out the Mauk-to'Vor ritual again. What if there was a way for you to kill your brother without killing him? [Bridge] How long will the procedure take?
Well, we had our doubts about ever seeing you again either, Julian. No sign of them yet, but we still have ships out looking for them. There are big things happening there, Benjamin. I think you're in for a surprise. [Planet surface] (An open area with lights, plants, an obelisk) We just had to convince them that we were serious about peace. Commander. Admiral Nechayev is here to see you. Benjamin, did you know about this? I'm being transferred to the Lexington. I'm their new Science Officer. The orders are right here. We're here to see Commander Sisko. I'll get Sisko. It's already taken care of, Benjamin. The Chief's waiting for us at landing pad C with the Rio Grande and a full complement of photon torpedoes. I know you. You want to make sure the Dominion stays on their side of the galaxy, and the only way to do that is to collapse the entrance to the wormhole. That's easy for you to say. I'm right behind you. (She kills a pursuing Jem'Hadar as the airlock doors close.) [Runabout] We're being hailed. It's Admiral Nechayev. The last thing I remember is collapsing the wormhole.
And you're convinced Jake's gone over there? It could be she left that behind as an invitation to join them. I heard you were back. (She slaps him) That's for making love to me under false pretenses. I was suspicious of you from the start. If you ever try to touch me again. (She produces a dagger) Do yet my point? This isn't getting us anywhere. We need to buy ourselves some more time. When are we leaving? I never liked staying in one place for very long. I hope these warp shadows we're emitting are going to fool them. You'll get over it.
Light bulb? We'll be there. Right? Oh, that's right. I forgot. Say hi to Shakaar for me. Sorry. I forgot. Pretend you didn't hear that. She doesn't want anyone to know that she's visiting the First Minister. I said I was sorry. (Worf and Dax leave.) Julian. [Turbolift] Ops. I wonder, should you ask Kira about Shakaar or should I? She and Shakaar must be having a good time. Poor Odo. Not a thing. That's the problem. [Quark's] (A datarod is handed over to Odo.) Are you going to tell me what's wrong? I bet this has something to do with your visit with Shakaar. One or two. Of course, that's over a span of seven lifetimes. Nerys, total clarity is a very rare thing. And when it comes to you, it's important that you act on it, because believe me, confusion and doubt will take over before you know it. (Odo comes out of his office and hands a PADD to a security man.) Don't tell me you're having another moment of clarity? That's amazing. (Kira rushes off.)
Changing course now to zero mark two one three. We're on his tail, Captain. Captain, Eddington's dropped out of warp. He's changed course. Now he's headed directly for us. Weapons, navigation, helm, propulsion. The good news is Starfleet Intelligence is making progress breaking the Maquis communication codes. You always had problems with the lose some part of that. Right. This is about being taken off the assignment. It has nothing to do with a certain ex-security officer we both know. He played his hand well. It's good. It's good you're working it out on the bag, Benjamin. Because you're going to have to let go of this one. Eddington is someone else's problem now, and you're going to have to live with that. A nerve agent that is harmless to most humanoids but it is deadly to Cardassians. I do. I should've seen it earlier. The selenium and rhodium nitrites they hijacked can be reformulated, and with some work, synthesised to produce cobalt diselenide. There must be something we can do. Worf, are there any other starships near Veloz Prime? The weapons are also online but the targeting scanners have to be manually calibrated. We can shoot, but God knows what we'll hit. Well, we still have our comm. badges. Well, what do we use? Cups and a long string? That could be fun. What? I wasn't going to say that. No. Actually, what I was thinking is, you're becoming more like Curzon all the time. Consider it a compliment. And the next time I go off half-cocked on some wild-eyed adventure, think back to this moment and be a little more understanding. [Bridge] Initialise starboard and port thrusters. (Nog gets a message over his special hand-held communicator.) Initialise deflector field. Port and starboard thrusters at one quarter. Bearing one eight zero mark zero. Hard to port. Ten degrees pitch. Minimal power to the aft thrusters. Let the momentum bring us around. (Defiant does a one-eighty but keeps turning to a three sixty.) Hold at five degrees pitch. I see it. Ease off on the port thrusters. Pitch back to zero degrees. Pulse the starboard thrusters. Point five second bursts. Port thruster, two second burst. Double pulse port thruster two second burst. Bow thrusters, pitch up sixteen degrees. Full power to port thrusters. Half roll, now! (Defiant scrapes past the lower pylon and heads out.) Set intermix to point zero one. Initialise warp chamber on my mark. Three, two, one, mark. Steady as she goes. Watch those gyros. Hard to port. Full thrusters. Course one eight zero mark zero. Considering the freighter's range, velocity, and heading Eddington's next target is one of four Cardassian colonies. But these targets are unlikely. Not as tempting as Panora. The Maquis attacked them two months ago and most of their defence systems were severely damaged. They're almost helpless. Approaching Quatal Prime Which means the Cardassians don't have much time to get away. Eddington's always one step ahead of us. Onscreen. Shields up. Charge phaser banks. Full power to aft thrusters. Restabilise port and starboard We've towed the transport ship out of the planet's gravitational pull. Les Miserables. I can't stand Victor Hugo. I tried reading The Hunchback of Notre Dame, but I couldn't get through it. It was so melodramatic and his heroines are so two dimensional. You can't believe that description fits you. Eddington is just trying to get under your skin. There's no accounting for taste. It sounds like he's living out his own fantasy. The secret life of Michael Eddington. How does it help us? Kill the bad guy. What are you getting at, Benjamin? Aye, sir. Set course zero five zero mark one seven nine. Benjamin, I'm curious. Your plan to poison the Maquis planets. You didn't clear it with Starfleet first, did you. Big gamble. You know, sometimes I like it when the bad guy wins. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
The wormhole's gravimetric field is surging. I'm on it, Benjamin, but we've got another problem. The power output from the warp core just jumped off the scale. [Jake's cabin] Dax to Sisko. [Bridge] The warp coils are locked into a feedback loop. You've got to realign them or the core's going to blow. [Engine room] We can't. [Bridge] The ejection system's offline. [Engine room] (Jake is frantically going through boxes.) Benjamin, what's the last thing you remember? We're going to have to reconfigure the field parameters. We're losing him. I think I remember how to do that. We always seemed to muddle through somehow. As ready as I'll ever be, considering the replicators were just about the only things still working when we came aboard. It's the only thing that's kept me awake while you prattled on about your latest paper, or your new backhand, or your kid's science projects. Once subspace begins to fragment, we'll try to locate the captain. Subspace field fragmentation is beginning. I think I've got the captain's signature. (Sisko's faint image appears.) Something's happening. I'm losing him. (Jake becomes faint too)
Cadet. Chief? Shields? Phaser banks? Now we find something to hold onto. (The Jem'Hadar attack.) Now. Shields up. Engines at full impulse. Power to main phasers. Fire. (KaBOOM) Cadet, are there any other Dominion ships out there? This is the Captain speaking. All hands, stand down. Good job, people. On screen. How about next time we switch roles? That way I can rescue you. Fall back again. I wouldn't start learning those lyrics just yet, Doctor. Worf, we'll see you at Starbase three seven five. Set a course for these coordinates. Warp seven. [Sisko's office] I don't know what all you brass hats in Starfleet Command are thinking, but take it from a simple field officer, we're not going to win this war by running away from the enemy. Benjamin, troop morale is at an all-time low. Even the Klingons are starting to wonder if we can defeat the Dominion. We need a victory, a big victory, and we need it soon. Then do something about it. What plan? Garak, you're not going to get any of us to believe that Starfleet Intelligence has implanted some kind of neural transponder in your brain to monitor your thoughts. Oh, I'll have a raktajino, Julian. Hopefully, all of that's about to change. We'll find out soon enough. He's in there presenting it now. You two spent too much time in the holosuites. [Sisko's office] (The wall screen display is Federation task force 17740, centred on DS9.) I've kept it warm for you, Ben. Nice of you to keep track, Garak.
So did you and Kasidy have a nice time last night? It sounds like the two of you are getting serious. We were just talking about you. Where're you going to live? Well, why don't you stay here? I'm sure that Benjamin could arrange for some quarters. That answers that. She's serious. [Ops] It's a big step. That's all you said? What do you think, Julian? You didn't say that, did you? It's simple. He goes to Kasidy, admits that everything was his fault, and pledges his undying love. Could work. Assuming that's what you want. What if your woman leaves you? So, you never answered the question. Do you want her to stay or not? It's a big step. What was it like, all that time alone with Dukat? I wish I'd been there. I think I'll leave the two of you alone. (Dax leaves.)
Oh, what a day. I just spent the last six hours in one of the upper pylons trying to get the new sensor relay online. Great, I've been looking forward to this all day. I love'em. Who's is this? I didn't know that you played. I know the feeling. None of Dax's hosts, even Jadzia, had any musical ability. Not even if you've had seven of them. (Dax plays with the keyboard and eventually comes out with a tune) You would think one of us would've been born without a tin ear. Quiet. (she keeps playing) That's not it. I don't know. I don't believe I've ever heard it before. But I know it somehow. What? Sorry, I didn't realise I was doing it. I guess I just can't get it out of my mind. Your move. Where did that knight come from? Oh, so you decided to made an illegal move to get my attention? Curzon always suspected you were a cheat. Don't play innocent with me, Benjamin. We both know you're trying to cheat me here, so why don't you just admit it? (She scatters the pieces and leaves) [Replimat] Did Sisko send you to apologise for him? There's nothing to talk about. I knew you'd take his side. In that case I think you should leave, Kira. I'm serious. Leave. Fine. I'll go. Get your hands off of me before I do something I'll regret. That's the first smart thing you've done since you walked over here. [Promenade] (Dax is walking along when it suddenly goes dark and the tune starts up. The Promenade is empty and a masked figure stands on the upper level. Dax looks around, and the figure is gone. She turns and it is now right in front of her. It removes its mask to reveal another one. Dax turn and the figure is in front of her, revealing yet another mask. Dax backs away into) No. No. [Infirmary] (Bashir scans Dax then leaves.) I feel like an idiot. I'm so sorry about all the horrible things I said to you. I don't know what's wrong with me. I feel like I have so much anger inside and I don't know where it's coming from. Hallucinations? That's what's so strange. He seems familiar somehow but I don't know from where. And the music. Benjamin, I have to find out what that music is. I'll do it. Well, as soon as Julian lets me leave here. Never. And I hope I never do again. It was terrifying. No. Believe me, I'd remember. Yes, right before Curzon. It's a neurotransmitter that mediates the synaptic functions between the host and the symbiont. Sometimes the host is sacrificed to save the symbiont. Are you checking my isoboramine levels? How low are they? Julian, am I in danger of rejecting my symbiont? Oh, good. I didn't wake you. Yeah, a little. No, thanks, but I could use some company, if you're not too busy. Oh, anything I'd be interested in? (takes the PADD) Trill physiology. I can't believe I'm going back there. I spent three years as a Trill Initiate, and in all that time I hardly ever left the complex. After I was joined I swore I would never set foot in there again. No. What I remember is the endless series of tests they put me through. That's true. I guess I had such a difficult time because I put so much pressure on myself. I wanted to be joined so badly. No, I'm going there as a patient, and that's much worse. I never told you this before, Julian, but I've always been afraid of doctors. Really? And that's why you went to medical school? You're a very dear man, Julian. Are you sure you don't mind? Okay, well, in that case, if it's not too much trouble, would you mind if I took the lower bunk? Curzon fell out of a tree once, and Thank you. (She gets in and he turns off the light for her, then climbs up to carry on reading.) After they finally finished the neural response analysis, another doctor came in and ran a cortical protein series. They had to make an incision so they could insert the scanner. (A woman enters.) Doctor Renhol. Will I have to stay here for the duration of the treatment? I'd like that. I don't know why we came back here when I could be taking you on a tour of the Tenaran ice cliffs. But But I cannot sleep in the afternoon. Who are you? Doctor, the people who attacked me, they were from the Symbiosis Commission. But the uniforms they were wearing, they were from over a hundred years ago. And none of my other hosts had bad memories of being here. I wish I knew what these hallucinations meant. I hope so. I don't need therapy, Julian, I need answers. Maybe the Guardians could help me. They know more about them than anyone. [Symbiont Caves] (Dim lighting and milky rock pools.) There are interconnecting pools throughout these caves. They stretch back for kilometres. Look, there's two of them surfacing now. That's how the symbionts communicate with each other. That's one of the Guardians. Don't be surprised if he seems a little distracted. They're not used to visitors. Yes. Jadzia Dax. How did you know? Yes. They're not dreams. They're hallucinations. Then why don't I remember them? You mean the balance between host and symbiont? Timor is convinced that my hallucinations have something to do with one of my previous hosts. But he's not sure which one. So he wants me to come back again tomorrow to see him. Can I hear it? That's it. Joran Belar? I don't think so. Is there a picture of him? Who are you? (Dax grabs the figure and reaches for the mask. It disappears to reveal Joran.) Julian. Joran. You're a part of me. (Dax takes him into her arms and energy plays over them. Or rather her, as he's not really there.) [Dax's quarters] Come in. Checking up on me, Benjamin? Julian stopped by fifteen minutes ago and said the same thing. I'll be all right. I just need some time to sort things out. No, I'm glad I did. If you want to know who you are, it's important to know who you've been. Benjamin, I'll see you in the morning. (Sisko leaves. Dax goes to the keyboard and plays her theme.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
The Saratoga put in this morning. I promise, not more than fifty or sixty Sounds awful. What if I promise absolutely no laughing? No, I mean it. You won't see a single smile the entire evening. It'll be the grimmest party you've ever been to. Next week. And I was thinking maybe this evening should have a theme. What if everyone came as their favourite Klingon? Bad idea. Have fun exercising. (Worf leaves.) I came this close. (Quark hands Kira a bouquet of flowers.) Bajoran lilacs. Is there something going on between the two of you that I don't know about? Well that's nice. I thought you didn't like flowers. I'm confused. Not between friends. That's a nice way to remember your mother. Well, I'd bet she'd be proud of you and what you've done with your life.
They should be here within the hour.
When I was Leela Dax, I went through the same thing. Every night I'd tuck in my son Ahjess, and two hours later he'd crawl into bed with me. I don't think I slept through a night for weeks. She just needs a little attention. I wouldn't sit there if I were you. No one says it does. He just likes that seat. (Worf enters and goes to the replicator.) How long ago did the Jem'Hadar leave? That means their ion trail hasn't decayed yet. We could follow them. Nothing good. Their ion trail is getting fainter. The Jem'Hadar must be emitting a magneton pulse to cover their tracks. I've got something. Bearing oh five seven mark zero zero nine. They're transmitting a broad-band distress signal. I'm reading seven life signs. Let me get this straight. We're going to work with the Jem'Hadar to fight the Jem'Hadar. If they didn't want the Romulans to get a hold of it, I'm sure they won't want the Jem'Hadar to have it either. Well, they won't hear it from me. And I forgot my dress uniform. [Sisko's cabin] Just between you and me, Captain, I think we're a little outnumbered. Worf. (Worf shoots down the other Jem'Hadar shimmering into view.) Wait. The room's not secure. We have to find the third guard. He's here somewhere. We know what we're looking for. We just can't find it. (Lights up, along with the Jem'Hadar. Sisko, Weyoun and Omet'iklan come onto the upper level balcony.) Well you might as well tell us. Where's the other one? Am I really that interesting? You've been standing there staring at me for the last two hours. There must be something you'd rather do. Maybe get some sleep? How about getting something to eat? Don't sleep, don't eat. What do you do for relaxation? You people are no fun at all. Glad I'm not a Jem'Hadar woman. So what do you do? Lay eggs? Lucky you. So let me get this straight. No food, so sleep, no women. No wonder you're so angry. After thirty or forty years of that, I'd be angry too. How old are you? I would've guessed at least fifteen. I stopped counting at three hundred. Thank you. [Mess hall] And good women. And a lot of fun at parties too. The Vorta probably consider the Founders gods just like the Jem'Hadar do. Well, you're a changeling. That's close enough. To them. For Keiko? Does she know you do this? She'd probably think it was sweet. It'll never happen. Because when you've lived eight lifetimes, you develop certain instincts. And my instincts tell me that you, Miles Edward O'Brien, are going to live to be a hundred and forty and die in bed, surrounded by family and friends. Do you? That's all that matters. I'll put it right alongside my message to my mother. Doesn't everyone? [Engine room] Dax to Sisko. We're approaching Vandros Four, Captain. The Gateway. It's probably generating some kind of dampening field. Worf. Go ahead. We'll hold them off. (She and her group fight the incoming guards.) [Ziggurat corridor] (Another guards are dispatched.) Virak'kara, you still there? Don't worry. You'll make Honoured Elder yet. [Ziggurat corridor] (More fighting, and Worf is on his own.) (to downed renegade) If I were you, I'd run like hell. [Planet surface] The Gateway's been destroyed, if that's what you mean.
Sell at twenty. Do I look like I'm joking? Exchange at fifteen. [Quark's cafe] (Up on the first level, there are spectators.) A sale at fifty and a purchase at one hundred. [Quark's] Are you afraid I can't cover my bets? Well, if you're going to kick me, I'm going to have to kick back. (Dax lays down her cards.) Just a fan. A full consortium? Did you just lose a bet? I'm sorry about that. Ooo, good response. [Worf + Dax's bedroom] Are you still running that drill tomorrow afternoon? Because I wanted to recalibrate the external sensors before the nightwatch comes on duty. I think that'll work. Oh, the Sutherland is going to be here the day after tomorrow and (Worf is praying in front of a shrine. But I thought the Klingons had killed their gods?) Nothing. (Dax throws her nightdress over him and she is now in bed.) I don't feel like talking anymore. (Later) I'm coming. (Worf pulls off the bedclothes to show us the spots down her legs.) Hey! [Captain's office] Who is the operative? We just volunteered to take a trip to the Badlands. No. No. I'm not going to spend two weeks hiking across Vulcan's Forge in the middle of their summer. See it, yes. Honeymoon there, no. Worf, my love. Let me make this very clear. I do not want to spend my honeymoon climbing, hiking, sweating, bleeding or suffering in any way. Room service. Room service. I want to be pampered. I want a staff to cater to our every whim. I want to be embarrassed by the size of our room. I want a balcony with a view that would make you want to break down and cry from the sheer beauty of it all. And I don't want to spend one moment of our honeymoon suffering from anything except guilt about our complete self-indulgence. Not this time. Welcome to Casperia Prime. The vacation capital of the Horvian Cluster. (The PADD says Starfleet Bureau of Information. It should be the Hitchhiker's Guide, methinks.) Seemed fair. You did plan the wedding. Really? Well that was easy. No. It's just I didn't expect you to surrender so quickly. Bad word. Okay. But you have to admit you've been unusually accommodating lately. Nothing. It's just unusual. Are you feeling all right? Adjustments? Worf, you're practically easygoing. What's next, a sense of humour? That must've been one dull ship. I don't know if I can get used to the new you. It's kind of eerie. I can't accept change? Oh, you've got to be kidding. I've changed bodies six times, Worf. And look who's talking. I get the point. I don't know how you can live with someone so monotonous. This is going to be a very, very long trip. [O'Brien's quarters] This is it. Whoever he is, he's good. (A Cardassian comes on the monitor) I'm a Trill. Does that make you feel any better? Not at all. He's the funny one. We're listening. You want to defect. We've got the information. It looks pretty thorough. Stand by to bring us out of warp. Now. That's what we want. The Dominion sensor grid in this system has three gaps and they're all in that asteroid field. (They dodge through the flying rocks.) Want me to slow down? Not at all. In fact I could go faster. Ooo. A man after my own heart. (They exit the belt.) Nothing that any three hundred year old pilot couldn't do. Taking evasive manoeuvres Did they get a fix on us? Good. We've come too long a way just to get shot down. If you take the helm, I'll scan the surface for a landing site. (On the monitor) There's the base, the rendezvous point, and the Dominion sensor perimeter. There's a valley about twenty kilometres north of the rendezvous point. It's a long way to go on foot in the jungle, but I don't think we can risk taking the ship any closer to their sensors. About ten kilometres a day. That shouldn't be too bad. I know. Find a man in the middle of an alien jungle, and then walk him out without getting caught. Piece of cake. After you. [Jungle] (Daylight. They are lying on the ground. Worf is using a tool on a device and Dax is using a tricorder.) Okay, go to twenty five joules. (An iguana walks across her arms.) That's it, we're linked. Here, check my work. (Dax strips down to her vest.) Thank you. There you go again, looking for the cloud in the silver lining. Well the funny thing is, you probably are. [Quark's] Let's not stand on pride, shall we? Trills don't like the heat, and Klingons don't like the cold. There's no shame in admitting it. You're welcome. So, how are you enjoying your honeymoon? Are you suffering enough? Is there anything I can get for you? I don't know why that's funny, but it is. (Howl) Mating call? That didn't take long. Another happy couple. He must have been rejected, he's moving away. She's not happy. (twig break) What? They're getting farther away, aren't they? I think I can do that. (Worf scans her.) Can I have the good news first? Now the bad news? So you can't stop the bleeding. Well, I must not have taken the whole burst. I'm not haemorrhaging that bad yet. Just keep me pumped full of painkillers and let's be on our way. Staying here isn't an option. Someone's going to come looking for them when they don't check in. I'd rather take my chances on foot. You ready? You ready? Let's go. (Next day, Worf has been up a tree to get a better look around.) And only twenty hours left. Well, I guess it's time we stop having so much fun and pick up the pace, huh? Oh, more plasma? No, thanks. I'm full. Love that bedside manner. You know, you should have been a doctor. I think I'd like a blue chiffon bandage this time. Maybe some rhinestones. Something with a little pizzazz. Just trying to lighten the mood. What happened to that new Worf? You know, the one with the sense of humour? What is that supposed to mean? So this is all my fault. That's not what happened. Without our tricorders there's no way Fine. Let's go. (More shots of them marching on, but Dax is starting to flag. She leans against trees then shrugs off Worf's helping hand. They stop to rest and he takes a sextant bearing.) Hypo. There. Good as new. That's four bandages in two hours. That's got to be some kind of record. Oh, sorry. I forgot the new rules. Nothing funny. Got to be serious. Life and death. We've got a job to do. As long as you got those painkillers, I'll follow you through the gates of hell, sir. That was almost a smile. Oh, you promise? Then let's finish the mission and get out of here. Whoa. It's all right, I can stand. Just help me get my balance. I got my balance. Maybe not. (Another scan.) Let me guess. Things aren't looking up. So what's your prescription, Doc? Can I get a second opinion? Worf, you have to go on without me and I know that. I understand. Absolutely. You're a Starfleet officer. So am I. I understand. You don't have to explain yourself. I'm hurt, you're not. And there's a job to do. Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. No problem. I took basic first aid. I know what I have to do. Worf, it's been a great two months, hasn't it? Just kiss me and go. (Worf obeys, gives her a rifle and leaves her crying. He runs through the jungle, his heartbeat pounding and drowning out the animal sounds until he stops. As the Klingon heart beats, he looks forwards and back then throws his mek'leth into a tree. Jadzia is unconscious when he reaches her, so he carries her on his shoulders.) [Infirmary] Hey, I know you. Ah, you're joking again. That's a good sign. Did you make the rendezvous? Lasaran? Are you in trouble? I'm sorry. I should've kept going. I know how much your career means to you. I don't know what to say. Thank you for saving my life. Well, I'd have to think about that. My career is very important to me, you know. I love you.
I guess they've changed their mind. Yesterday I talked to an old friend of Curzon's from the Diplomatic Corps. She says that representatives from Federation worlds near the Klingon border are already urging a preemptive strike. Two, three. I say she stops at seven. We've noticed. What if he wants some company? Someone to take his mind off his problems? I think it's all an act. But you were socialising with him when he said it. Thank you, Benjamin. I think. Benjamin, someone's asking permission to come aboard. Garak. We've just cleared the wormhole. Aye, sir. I don't know. I guess it's just being in the same room with so many naked men. [Medical bay] Go on. Hold on. I'm reading warp signatures headed our way. Looks like our signal's finally getting a little attention. We're being hailed. They want to beam someone aboard to discuss our request. Aye, sir. (The female shape-shifter and four guards beam onto the Bridge. One Jem'Hadar grabs O'Brien as he reaches for a weapon.) Are you okay? Captain? Everything's status quo. If you want more details than that, you'll have to ask our navigator. Go ahead, Captain.
He can if he's impersonating the leader of the Klingon Empire. Oh, they're going to do something. The Brotherhood of the Sword. They're modified polaron emitters. (Prototype X-47 according to the wall monitor Dax switches on.) The problem is, for it to work properly, you have to activate all four emitters at once. Plus, too much polaron radiation can be fatal. Which means we can only expose a person once. Any more than that, changeling or not, and they could die from radiation poisoning.
And besides, you know there's no way you could have kept Keiko from going. She's been talking about the botanical mysteries on Torad Five for a long time. You're lucky she agreed to limit the trip to three days. What? Yeah, I guess the extra weight, the morning sickness, the mood swings, the medical examinations, they aren't reminders enough. Captain, something's coming through the wormhole. Quark. My sister sent me these. (a box of glasses) I thought you might want them but they're really ugly.
Julian. I'm Jadzia. How nice of you to put it together for me so quickly. I think I'll go over it right now. Oh, by the way, I hear the Lexington's docking here for a few days. Three weeks. Don't you have a friend aboard? The medical officer. Elizabeth Lense? Wasn't she valedictorian? And you were salutatorian? For a post-ganglionic nerve. I know. You must be looking forward to seeing her. Hi. I brought you something to eat. Benjamin, I can't believe the work you've put into this. But you didn't have to bother with detail like this to prove the ship is spaceworthy. I haven't seen you like this for a long time. So caught up in something, so excited. Not since, not since you and Jennifer decided to have a baby. I don't think anyone's ever put such effort into making a room for their child. Especially the starscape on the ceiling. You're disappointed he's not going with you on this trip, aren't you? You'll have other adventures, Benjamin. They'll just be different. Believe me, I know. I've been a father a couple of times, myself. Oh, I could tell you stories. That's right. I have, haven't I? Then you know I'm right. [Sisko's quarters] A Survey of Cygnian Respiratory Diseases? Fascinating. I take it the two of you are competitive? Including you? Then what does it matter?
Captain, a Klingon bird of prey just decloaked off the station.
Sorry I'm late. I heard you were serving q'parol and how could I miss it? Chief. I want you to have a look at something. I couldn't sleep so I got up and decided to scan the wormhole for radiometric anomalies. I've always found anomalies to be very relaxing. It's a curse. I was using the wideband filter protocols and when I ran the primary calibrations check I found this. Yes. I thought it might be a fused matrix inverter until I ran a level three diagnostic. Have a look. We'd better wake the Captain. We have a saboteur on the station. [Wardroom] Computer, display diagnostic. Chief? Fluctuations that can't be attributed to anything except external intervention. Maybe someone who worked on the station under the Cardassians. It could be someone who's been on the station a long time. Someone with a lot of access. Maybe even someone on the maintenance crew. Very well, Chief. You're cleared for departure. But before you go, there's one thing I'd like to ask you. Did you enjoy your birthday? Good. Those are always my favourites. (And the runabout takes off for the wormhole.) What the hell? [Runabout]
Look, what are we doing standing around here? It's better than doing nothing. Let's go. Well I don't see you coming up with anything. Well, I'm glad you're here. The first thing we need to do is neutralise the Lethean. What are we waiting for? Let's get some phasers and hunt him down. If you ask me, none of us are safe until he is dead. I'll say there is. Have you looked in the mirror lately? (Whispering) Julian, what are you talking about? Maybe you should lie down. You keep thinking, Julian, and while you try to figure it out, I'll find the Lethean and stop him from sabotaging any of the other systems. Don't worry Chief. I wasn't asking for any of your help. If he's here, I'll find him. Even if I have to do it all by myself. See what you can do, Chief. The central core? What level were you on? Four cc's of cordrazine, but there was no response. The bottom line is that Julian's in some kind of telepathically induced coma. And unless we can get him out of it he'll be dead in less than three hours. It means that the voices were telling the truth. I suppose the next thing you're going to tell us is that we're unconscious. So if you're in a coma, and we're not real, then what are we doing here? Thank you, Julian. It's like he restored your hearing. Julian! Julian! Help me, Julian! (The doors close) Julian. He's awake.
It doesn't match anything in Starfleet files. Sensors indicate a single humanoid lifeform on board. I think we might want to skip formal first contact procedures for now. Sensors say [Tosk's ship] He's still on board, Chief. But he didn't exactly tell the truth either. Sensors are reading ionised L-band emissions. The patterns match Tosk's ship. It's a modulated particle beam. It's scanning us. Open. I'm picking up transporter locks. They're beaming on board. Promenade. I'm showing someone in an access conduit above Quark's. Two lifeforms. One's human. They're heading out toward the docking ring.
Is that the new holosuite programme? What parts do we get to play? Ooo, somebody stop me. Perfect. But you do it so well. Fine. Save the Queen. We'll do it when you're not busy. She spent the night in his quarters. Come on, Nerys. He could have put her somewhere else. It was more than that. Instinct. What? Thank you. Odo and a woman. It was bound to happen sooner or later, right? I'm talking to Kira. Don't shout across the room. If you want to gossip with us, then come down here. (Sisko enters) I guess he's running late. He never spent the night with a woman before. Did you see the look on Odo's face? I'm telling you, something happened. [Odo's quarters] (Arissa is using Odo's computer. On the screen we see Draim, let's talk. Arissa. Transmitting. Identification code 0159Z-24.) [Cargo bay]
The encryption system was extremely easy to break. Or they didn't care. Logged in We'll expect you then. Not yet. With any luck, we should be able to tell which direction they were headed. Have the Bajorans station a ship on the Gamma side, we'll stay in close touch by subspace. [Cave] (It's lit, and someone is sharpening a blade.) There's still no sign of them on any of the long range scanners. The current shows that their heading was approximately two three zero mark four. An uncharted binary star system. Setting a new course. [Cave] I'm not sure we can believe the scans, Chief. The star is putting out abnormal levels of delta radiation. We'll have to survey each planet, one at a time. A magnet? I don't think I'm following you, Chief. The magnetic deflection of a runabout's hull is extremely weak. The probes will never be able to detect it. A differential magnetomer. I've never heard of a differential magnetomer. How does it work? Probe B approaching planet six. Three moons. No change in the hysteresis curve. Probe C approaching planet seven. No change. Probe A approaching planet three. One moon. Chief. No, look, it isn't. We're picking up something from its moon. Our sensors are reading lifeforms on the surface, Chief. I think some of them are human. We're being scanned What are you thinking? Maybe they had something to do with our missing runabout. Is there any way for us to get a comm. line through the field? Is everyone all right? Maybe a photon would destroy one of the satellites. Benjamin, please confirm. Did you say we're not transporting the Kai? Coordinates set. Twelve seconds to intercept. One of the satellites is breaking orbit, moving toward the probe. The satellite is showing a power buildup, about eight hundred megawatts. (The blip on the monitor disappears) Probe destroyed
You look fine, Julian. Relax. We don't know. We didn't ask. What was all that yelling? Home? There doesn't seem to be any immediate threat, Major. Do the comm. badges still work? As long as we can maintain contact, it should be reasonably safe to split up and see if any of us can find a way out of here. Hello. Can you tell us where we are? Is there a way to leave? Some kind of ionic field. If you can see, you'll come with me. No, Julian, you didn't. But you didn't say the rhyme. Come on! Just say the rhyme. A game. Home is often the destination in a game. Think of it. We've been given directions, clues, obstacles to overcome. (A door behind closes, the one ahead opens) The smoke. I don't think we have any other choice. I'm reading high magnetic field variations. Intense flux patterns. It's coming toward us. Over here! I've found an open door. Julian! Julian, are you all right? (There's a tremor and Dax falls) My leg! I'll never make it across. Benjamin, you and Kira can make that jump. This cavern is going to collapse and kill all of us if you don't go now. Seven lives is more than enough for a Trill. You haven't even finished one. Don't let sentiment get in the way If you were hurt, I'd leave you behind. If I were your superior officer, I'd court-martial both of you. (They shuffle along the increasingly narrow ledge.) Benjamin! (All three are knocked over by a landslide) [Quark's] (Bashir, Sisko, Kira and Dax appear)
How do you mean? If he's going to announce another new battle offensive, it's going to spoil dessert. And you want to keep them engaged. Visitors? You shouldn't have agreed to that, Benjamin. Now you'll have to be on your best behaviour. [Cargo bay]
What? Maybe if we bypass the primary command pathway and cross-connect the backup with the ODN. It's no good. We're completely cut off from the rest of the station. The ironic thing is that field is probably there to protect Ops from the hoards of rebelling Bajorans. If we can regain control of the main computer, we may be able to wipe the security programme from its memory. Now, if I can reroute the APT relay through the secondary buffer, I might get an independent terminal working. Almost done. (Bang flash! from the pit.) I was reaching toward the ODN conduit and a small forcefield went off and it caught my hands. (Kira hands down the kit.) For twelve hours. And then everyone on the station will suffocate when we run out of oxygen. A little better Maybe there's a way to fool the computer into thinking that you are Gul Dukat. You could try rewriting your code to match his. But what if we disabled the sensors in Ops so that the computer couldn't scan you? We could switch the sensor input from the primary scanners to the backup scanners. The computer shouldn't see that as a threat, but it'll blind the system for a few seconds while we make the changeover. Major, I'm going to need a hand. At least another ten minutes. No. Last we heard, he was trapped in the ore processing unit. What about the reactor? Is there any way to shut it down? Not necessarily. We can disengage the initiator from one of the control junctions on level thirty four. We don't have time to eliminate every forcefield between here and level thirty four. What we need to do is find a way to deactivate all the forcefields on the station at the same time. [Ore loading bay] Wait a minute. What about the power supply grid? If we could overload the grid, we might be able to cause a power surge and short out all the forcefields on the station. Then if we can get the emitters back online, we can use them to overload the power grid. Unfortunately, we'll lose the turbolifts and the transporters, but they aren't much use to us right now anyway. Brace yourselves. (Rumble, shudder, bangs, flashes then quiet.)
Remind me not to invite you to my next party. Julian, no one's expecting you to provide entertainment. But you should try to enjoy yourself. After all, this celebration is for you, too. You kept him alive against incredible odds. No matter what happens, you should always be proud of that. (Quark leads in a waiter carrying a large dessert on a tray.)
It's called an Irish wake. It's a way to memorialise a death and celebrate life at the same time. Well, drink, sing songs, laugh, cry, talk about the deceased.
Chief, have you seen Ensign Aquino recently? He didn't report for duty this morning. The computer says he's not on the station, but he didn't log out. I guess I'd better. (Dax leaves) You don't sound entirely convinced. Where did he go? Benjamin. There's an incoming transmission from Vedek Bareil on board a Bajoran transport. That file is going to be protected by a series of encryption sequences. I'll run an adaptive programme. Beginning decryption. Right to the Promenade. Escape from what? I'll run a diagnostic on the other security systems, and I'll call you as soon as I have anything. Go ahead. Didn't you just repair that unit two days ago? [Security office] All weapon detectors appear to be functional, Chief. [Security office]
Are all your leaders women? You heard her, Julian. That's all right, Benjamin. Haneek was just telling us how the Skrreea are a female dominant society. You were looking for the wormhole? It's near Sefalla Prime. It's got definite possibilities. Stable orbit, temperate climate, and very low surface radiation. Sensors are detecting two Bajoran vessels closing in on the Skrreean ship. It's General Hazar, Benjamin.
Chief, I have a subspace message for you from your wife. They've arrived safely on Bajor. Sensors are reading elevated neutrino levels at the wormhole. Something's coming through. It's the Klingon vessel Toh'Kaht. Lock on with our transporter signal. Try boosting the annular containment field. According to Klingon High Command, the Toh'Kaht was in the Gamma quadrant on a routine bio-survey mission, Yes. Yes. I'm sorry. (giggles) Never mind. (Later, the runabout has left) Short-range sensors are picking up some debris. It's possible their mission recorder is somewhere in the debris. The magnetic field from the duranium could be masking it. An honest difference of opinion. That would be suicidal. Without a Federation presence, Bajor would be vulnerable again to the Cardassians. Have I? Well, yes, I suppose I have, if you say so. Of course. Benjamin and I have been close for a long time. Hand and glove. I'm on his side. No question about it. That reminds me of the time we found ourselves The search itself is often reward enough. Benjamin, do you remember that wild You know what they say, put the shoe on the right foot first, but put the left foot first into the bathtub. That's not a question I get asked too often. Please. (Kira takes a sip of the aperitif) It is good. Are you trying to tell me something? Yeah, it's like talking to a stone. I remember a time on Rochani Three. We were cornered by a party of Kaleans, who were not at all happy to see us, but Benjamin Oh. I suppose I did. I was decorated on my very first assignment. The Admiral was a Vulcan, so during the presentation ceremony I've been friends with Benjamin Sisko for many years. In many ways, he's like a son, or a nephew. Some kind of close relative anyway. Dax to Kira! (O'Brien knocks out Dax) I forgot. [Corridor] They're still in airlock corridor six. Maybe they've given up. Somebody's taking out our forcefields.
Got it. I will care for the secondary fusion core like it was my own child. Miles? Have a good time. The metal in these crates has the same mass as the warheads. A transporter could been programmed to switch the two simultaneously. The sensors could've been fooled. Computer, play security log entry, stardate 47944.2, weapons locker. The computer confirmed his voice-print ID and let him in. If they were in the runabout, how did the Cardassians find out? The voice modulation patterns don't match up. See how the peaks here and here are out of phase? It's O'Brien's voice, but the sentence was reconstructed sound by sound. Someone doctored Chief O'Brien's voice to get into the weapons' locker.
The Seventh Fleet is still at half-strength. They took heavy losses at Sybaron. There's a war on. This is no time for a vacation. I had a pretty good idea what this was the minute I laid eyes on it. That confirms it. It's a slab of stone with some writing on it. What do you want me to say, Benjamin? I'm not picking up any residual energy readings, certainly nothing that would explain how it threw you across the room. I was afraid you were going to say that. Is that why Admiral Ross wanted to talk to you? Well, how'd it go? You know how Starfleet feels about this Emissary thing. It makes them very uncomfortable that you've allowed the Bajorans to view you as a religious icon. It used to make you uncomfortable, too. I remember when you used to call them wormhole Aliens. Fair enough. But if you don't mind, I'm going to continue to think of them as wormhole aliens. Didn't you have to talk them into it? Didn't they say they would exact some kind of penance for helping you? I hope you're wrong about that, Benjamin. The computer has translated part of the inscription. It probably lacks the eloquence of the original passage, but you'll get the gist of it. Here it is in modern Bajoran. Tell me I'm wrong, but isn't the Gateway to the Temple Deep Space Nine? [Quark's cafe] You're sending it back? And I was just starting to have fun. I can work off the holo-recordings I took yesterday. That depends. What this ideogram means. The computer has given me two possibilities. During the reckoning, the Bajorans will either suffer horribly or eat fruit. Given the tone of the rest of the inscriptions, I would bet on horrible suffering. You'll love this. It's about you. Once the reckoning begins, the Emissary will I was hoping you could tell me. The rest of the inscription's damaged. Oh, I wish the wormhole would stop doing that. Just do me one favour. If you talk to the Prophets again, ask for a dictionary. Please. Thank you. [Ops] Let me guess. You accidentally knocked it over. I didn't think so. Oh, I get those urges all the time. Of course, I never act on them. I'm not reading any residual energy signatures. I'm starting to think the same thing. (Sisko hefts a fragment of stone.) Benjamin, you're not getting another urge, are you? Try explaining that to Kai Winn. [Captain's office] Then don't let it be fought here. Yes, you do. We can flood the Promenade with chroniton radiation. We have everything rigged and ready to go. Just say the word. Benjamin. We expect to be down to a skeleton crew within the hour. What did Starfleet have to say? The only problem is, there's no guarantee the Prophets will win this battle. Benjamin! Worf is standing by in Ops. He can trigger the chroniton generator at your command. You can still end this, Ben. That is your son out there! They're trying to kill him. How do you know that? We've got to get out of here. According to the sensors, the energy building between them could explode any second. Benjamin. Dax to Worf. [Ops] Go on ahead. Airlock eight is down to the right. (picking up a child.) It's okay, it's okay. [Promenade] (Electricity crackles over the outside of the station as the runabouts leave. The two combatants are reaching the end of their strength, but Jake looks the worse of the pair for wear. Then something happens.)
It's a little quiet in here. I'll have a Til'amin froth. It would be quieter. (Worf, Dax and Kira leave. Nog appears.)
Another unsatisfied customer? Why would Garak want to undermine Gul Dukat?
I just received the final update from the Cardassians on the transceiver they designed for the communications relay. I'm still not convinced it's going to work. I hope they're right. (Enter Quark, carrying a tray with bottles of Kanar and a small vase of flowers.) Where did you get real Kanar? And as the thirty fourth Rule of Acquisition states, peace is good for business. Oh, you're right. What's the thirty fourth? Quark, this Kanar has gone bad. Ulani, I've looked over your design specifications. I'm not clear on what sort of carrier wave you're planning on using to cut through the interference on the inside of the wormhole. I prefer the serialist poets from the First Republic, like Iloja of Prim. He's easily my favourite Cardassian writer. I took an interest because I had the chance to meet Iloja. One of my previous hosts, Tobin, met him when he was in exile on Vulcan. As I recall, he had quite a temper. Is something wrong? We've received clearance from Ops, Commander. No sign of Dominion activity. No other ships in the area. Wait a minute. Reading a large mass of ice and ionised gas entering sensor range, bearing two one five mark three. It looks like a rogue comet. Its core contains unusually high concentrations of silithium. That's why its tail is so bright. We're in position, Benjamin. Dax to Sisko. We're ready to deploy the relay. Almost. I'm just about to activate the relay's transmission array. Dejar? Initiating carrier wave. I'm not receiving anything. Initiating carrier wave. Something's wrong. I'm picking up a neutrino surge from the wormhole. (WHOOSH and a big wind.) Somehow the carrier wave caused the wormhole to open. Benjamin, the gravitational surge altered the course of the comet. It's now heading directly toward the wormhole. And collapse the wormhole permanently. Commander's log, supplemental. With less than five hours before the comet reaches the wormhole, I've brought the Defiant back to the station and convened a meeting of the entire science team. [Wardroom] Apparently the carrier wave we sent created some sort of subspace inversion inside the wormhole. It would probably into smaller pieces and we'd have a bigger mess on our hands. Chief O'Brien said the modifications to the Defiant's phasers will be ready within half an hour. The Chief's a born engineer. He always gives himself a comfortable margin with his repair estimates. Let me guess. You're reading up on Bajoran prophecies concerning the Emissary. You mean some of them have come true? And so now you're wondering if Trakor's prophecy is going to come true as well But Benjamin, there's every reason to believe we'll be able to destroy the comet. The gates of heaven will burn and be cast open. Let me ask you something. If you'd never heard Trakor's prophecy, what would you do? Then it seems to me you have a choice. You can either make your own decisions or you can let these prophecies make them for you. Yes, sir. [Bridge] The comet is directly ahead. Distance, two hundred kilometres. Holding position at ten kilometres. Benjamin, sensors show that the modified phasers never came online. We fired a standard burst and it shattered the comet instead of vapourising it. Maybe if we could contain it, somehow. But we'd have to maneuver the Defiant between the fragments. They're too close together. There's not enough room. Hold position here. They could be in for a rough ride. Stand by transporters in case we need to beam them off the shuttlepod when they clear the wormhole. [Shuttlepod] Dax to Sisko. Are you all right, Benjamin? What is it, Chief? I'm not sure. We're reading a subspace filament leading back through the wormhole. It's acting like some kind of a carrier wave.
Sorry. There were so many people on the Promenade it was hard to get through. Why didn't you tell me? He's so good looking. [Promenade] (There certainly is a crowd around the airlock entrance.)
And in trouble. Its engines are completely disabled. They're not answering. Their life support systems are operating on reserve power. Maybe you should ask her. (Natima and Co arrive on the turbolift.) No response. They're ignoring us.
Morning. It's just a muscle pull. Make love? Interspecies romance isn't without it's danger. That's part of the fun. Maybe we'll have better luck on Risa. That was his suggestion. I changed his mind. Oh, no, he's still the same old Worf. See what I mean? Worf. It's no secret. Isn't he sweet? Worf's upset because I had lunch with Captain Boday. And if you couldn't see his brains, would it make you feel any better? We were just talking. You have to learn to trust me a little more. And I don't see why you feel the need to control my every move. And they're not other people. Benjamin and Odo are my friends. Hey. He's a friend too. Actually, we were hoping to spend some time alone together. There's no harm in sharing a runabout. I know, I know. We have much to discuss. [Runabout] Leeta, you're on vacation, not at Quark's. You don't have to serve us. Another six hours. Quark. Me too. I'm going to change into something more comfortable. You don't think I'm going to beam down to Risa dressed like this, do you? Aren't you uncomfortable in that uniform? Well, you look out of place. I mean, look around you. Isn't it beautiful? Maybe so, but the only dark cloud I see around here is you. If you say so. I guess we should just go home. (Dax removes her sarong.) I take it the scenery has improved? I've got to take you on vacation more often. Arandis. I was wondering if you were still here. Worf, this is Arandis. She and Curzon spent a lot of time together on his last trip here. Trust me, he died happy. Thank you. I'd like to think so. You haven't aged a day. That wasn't very nice. Arandis was Curzon's lover, not mine. You're still angry about Captain Boday. Worf, we just got here. Do we have to start arguing again? In case you haven't noticed, I'm not a Klingon woman. I have been loyal to you, but I'm not going to let you run my life. Then I'm going to go have a big glass of icoberry juice. But I like the taste. But it is my mistake to make. Now why don't you go up to our room and put on your bathing suit so we can swim in the lagoon. I really wish you'd stop reading that. What's really disturbing is that you're still wearing your uniform. Worf, people have been predicting the end of the Federation since the day it was founded. Trust me, I know. (Worf and Dax enter) Leeta, what a surprise. Maybe later. Worf. Worf! [Solarium] It's none of our business. I am not defending anything, but it's not my business or yours. Now what do you say we go sign out a couple of floaters and take in the sights. You're kidding. You're not kidding. [Beach] (It's quite a crowd, outside near the geodesic dome.) Don't these people have anything better to do? The plot thickens. (Julian is kissing a Risian woman.) And you were worried about Julian. I don't know, but don't jump to conclusions. I'm sure there's a reasonable explanation. He seems pretty determined to discourage people from coming here. I think he does. All I know is I've spent lifetimes defending the Federation, and I deserve a vacation every now and then. It's nothing. Not every relationship has to end like a Klingon opera. On three. One, two The power cells are empty. I don't understand. As a Starfleet Officer, I have the authority to arrest you for what you just did. I don't know about you, but it's past my bedtime. About the Essentialists? Oh, I suppose you have another list of things I'm doing wrong. What about my behaviour? And you think I need you to control me? I'm sorry if I embarrass you. And I just wish you'd relax a little and let yourself enjoy what we have together. Worf, I'm not going to change who I am. Well, at least we agree on something. Why don't we go to bed? This place looks a lot better than it did last night. I guess Risians aren't as lethargic as the Essentialists would like everyone to believe. I'd buy him a horga'hn myself if I thought held take it. I've had better vacations. I've never known a Klingon who had a tougher time enjoying himself. I wish it was that simple. He loved this planet. Why don't I help you clean up? Wonderful. I do. I feel it. I really do. Worf? (Worf walks away.) Worf! [Dax and Worf's room] (Worf picks up the horga'hn and throws it against the wall.) [Fullerton's room] Would you two please stop talking about me like I'm not here. Worf is the one who's too much work. Maybe, but what I want is Worf. Because he has the courage of a berserker cat and he has the heart of a poet. Yeah, sometimes. (Arandis enters) Any luck? What was that? I thought it wasn't supposed to rain in this part of Risa. You're responsible for this. He's serious. Worf, what did you do? Build an uplink so you could take control of the weather grid? Worf, this is wrong. If you're so miserable, why don't you take your horga'hn and go find some company. I'll play. Having trouble keeping the guests happy? What's wrong with the food? You must be feeling pretty good right now. The weather's terrible, the guests are miserable, and more and more people are leaving Risa every day. Oh, I see. Ruin the vacations of a few hundred thousand people to bolster the moral fibre of the Federation. I understand even better than you do. What you did had nothing to do with Risa, or the Essentialists, or even the Federation. It's about you and me. Do I? You think I'm irresponsible, frivolous. That I care more about pleasure than I do commitment. What do you think is going on between me and Arandis? That's right, I do. And you know what? You're wrong. Did it occur to you to ask me about it? Or trust, just a little? And how would you know? Curzon spent more time with Klingons than you ever did. Maybe so, but you're not like any other Klingon I've ever met. What happened to you, Worf? You're a paragon of Klingon honour and discipline, but when it comes to the Klingon passion for life, the exuberance, the enjoyment of the moment, you are constantly holding yourself back. Why? I think it is. Then talk to me, please. What changed? Go on. It was an accident. That must have been difficult for you. And you're still afraid that if you lose control That explains a lot. But you have to realise there are some things in life you can't control, and one of them is me. But what you can do is trust me. I care about you, Worf, and I would never do anything to hurt you. Who knows, I might have more self-control than you give me credit for. (Rumble. Ornaments fall off side tables and break.) That felt like an earthquake. So did that. Give us the uplink or the only person who will be harmed is you. And you're not saying goodbye to me either. I'll be back. So what do we do now? I have a better idea. Why don't we go swimming. I won't tell if you don't. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Leslie Wong. She was an instructor at the Academy when I was a sophomore. Don't bother. I'm sure it's the same old story. The Jem'Hadar crossed the Romulan border and caught them by surprise. It's only about the hundredth time it's happened. That's the last thing the Romulans want. Think about it. They're in the perfect position. They get to sit back and watch as their biggest rivals slug it out in a long, bloody war. No one's threatening their interests. Why should they risk their necks? There's simply no reason for them to get involved in our war. No reason at all. Okay. Let's say I'm the Romulan Proconsul. From where I'm sitting, the Dominion isn't a threat to me. I have a non-aggression pact with them. They're my allies. Not at all. I've been watching them very closely since the beginning of the war, and so far, they've kept their part of the bargain. So they're crossing my backyard to give the Federation a bloody nose. I can't say that makes me very sad. That's speculation. But before I plunge my people into a conflict that will kill millions of loyal Romulan citizens, I need something more concrete than the self-serving argument of a Starfleet officer. I need proof of Dominion duplicity. Not more words, proof. I prefer the spots to the pointed ears. Not exactly the most accessible place in the galaxy. Did Starfleet Intelligence know anything about the buildup? If we ever needed a new ally, it's right now. [Garak's shop] (Garak is working on a dress when Sisko enters.) I had one. Maria Tatalia, wounded in action. Friend of a friend. I actually only met her once. I don't think she'd remember me. The Dominion assassinated a Romulan Senator.
The Cardassian freighter Bok'Nor is requesting permission to depart upper pylon one in three minutes. Acknowledged. Can't. I'm having dinner with Captain Boday. Is something wrong with that? He happens to be brilliant. His brain is twice the size of yours and mine. It's not his fault Gallamites have transparent skulls. You know, Kira, sometimes I think you place too much emphasis on how men look. Nothing. I guess seven lifetimes gives me a somewhat broader perspective. I never said I wasn't particular. And what's that supposed to mean? Releasing docking clamps at upper pylon one. That's funny. I'm picking up elevated. DS Nine to Bok'Nor. Shut down your engines! Repeat, shut down your engines! (KaBOOM) Some kind of impulse overload. Checking. There's nothing left of it. There's no one left to rescue. [Runabout] Mercassium? There shouldn't have been any mercassium on board that ship. Chief, I don't think you're going to find evidence of an explosive device. I don't think you're going to find an explosive device because I'm pretty sure it was an implosive proto-matter device designed to match the impulse signature. Just before the explosion, I picked up a sudden increase in their fusion rate. I'm trying to find any sign of malfunction in the Bok'Nor's engines to explain it but there just isn't one. This doesn't look like an accident. The fusion shock had to be caused by something external to the impulse drive system. Hi, Calvin. Next time. I'm sure no one meant to blame you, Odo. It's a phony. The Galadorans don't have any ships in this sector. The registry is forged.
Did you say Kor? What is he doing here? Did you get his friend's name? Was it Kang? Come with me, Odo. [Holding cell] Hello, Kor. Let him out. I'll take responsibility. Kor, do you remember Curzon Dax? And I, who was Curzon Dax lift my ghoptu to you. Scorcher burn on your fourteenth rib, and your left QiVon aches every time your ship hits warp eight. How about just a great big hug. I'm Jadzia now. Come on, Kor, let's go find Koloth. You never had much use for the Federation, did you, Koloth. I used to call you D'akturak, Ice man, because no proposal, no matter how reasonable, no matter how much it favoured the Klingon Empire would satisfy you. You were the toughest man I ever faced across the negotiations table. Curzon's dead, but Dax is alive as part of me. Is Kang coming? Could it possibly mean that he's Kang, do you remember the first time we sat together over bahgol? It was the Korvat colony. The Federation and the Klingon Empire were still enemies. I am Dax, godfather of your son. I am Dax, godfather of your son . Don't mistake a new face for a new soul, Kang. I still feel at one with your family just as I did eight decades ago. I hope one day you will embrace me as a brother again. I wouldn't count on information from traders. The Albino might have told them what to say if anyone asked questions. About Curzon? I don't blame you. That's how the Albino learned we were coming to Galdonterre. He died in a hospital room yelling at doctors and friends who were trying to keep him alive for one more miserable day. Curzon was decorated many times for his diplomatic achievements, but no honour touched him as deeply as yours. For a Klingon to choose a Federation official to be the godfather of his son. Well, there was always a bit of the Klingon nature in Curzon. His blood oath with you was very important to him. And I know that a Klingon blood oath can never be broken. I know you, Kang. You don't believe that. It's been intermittent. Let me do a high-resolution scan. Kira? How many people did you kill? While you were in the underground. Were they all faceless Cardassians or did you know who you were killing? If it bothers you, we can stop. I'm sorry. Me? I don't know what you're talking about. Eighty years ago, there was a band of depredators, led by an Albino, raiding Klingon colonies. Three Klingon warships were sent to stop him. One of the captains was a close friend of Curzon's. The mission was successful. Most of them were captured. But the Albino escaped. In his last message to the Klingons, he promised to take his revenge on the firstborn of each of the three captains. A few years later, he kept his word. Somehow, he infected three innocent children with a genetic virus that killed them. One of them was my godson. I took a blood oath to revenge his death. I can still remember the boy's funeral. He was named Dax for me. We know where he is. The three Klingons came here to tell me. No, they don't. That's just it. They say I have no obligation to them. But I do. I know it, I feel it. If not to them, I owe it to Curzon. Let me spare you that decision. (Dax lifts his tankard to his lips.) Would you excuse us for a minute? About going after the Albino, I do. Kang and Koloth don't want me to come with you. And where do you stand? Will you speak to them for me? It means far more to me than I realised. And you call yourself a history teacher? What of your own history? You are Kor, Dahar Master. They cheered you at Klach D'kel Brakt. Your voice weighed heavily on the course of Klingon events. No, please don't feel that. My memories are still of Kor, a great warrior. (Dax leaves him at the bar.) Nice of you to stop. I'm coming with you. That's a lie. When you agree that I can fulfill my part of the oath. Computer. I want a Klingon bat'leth, tip to tip one hundred and sixteen centimetres, weight five point three kilos with an exterior handgripping diameter of five centimetres. Blades composite baakonite. I'm going to fight you. Your hand would never slip, unless you've become old and feeble. (They fight with much twirling of blades and clashing of metal, Koloth one-handed, Dax using both hands.) Come now, Koloth. Surely you can take me down. (Kang and Kor enter to watch. The two lock blades in a power struggle.) You can't deny my right for vengeance. You said that to me before, Kang. Do you remember? The Korvat colony. First day of negotiations. I walked out on you right in the middle of that long-winded speech of yours. You should have seen the look on your face. Nobody ever had the kajunpak't to show their back to the great Kang before Curzon did. I knew I had to get you very, very angry or my mission wouldn't succeed. Getting you angry at me was the only way to begin to create a bond between us. And he understood what he was doing when he took a Klingon blood oath. You can't expect me to stay here and not avenge my own godson's murder. You can't ask me to live with that kind of dishonour. Who's talking about dying? I have no intention of dying. You dishonour yourself already, Kang, by placing your own honour above mine. No Klingon warrior would leave a comrade behind while he goes off to battle. Perhaps you're right. Klingon honour isn't what it used to be. I understand Klingons. Come in. (Sisko enters) I was just about to come see you. No what? Kira shouldn't have told you. I don't have to tell you what this oath meant to Curzon. Don't do it, Benjamin. Don't make me disobey a direct order. The Klingons have their own set of laws. This is justice to them. I've chosen to respect their codes of honour in this matter, yes. I don't know. There's only one way to find out, isn't there. I guess that'll be up to you. [Bird of Prey Bridge] (Looking over plans. There are no crew visible.) Standing? No patrols? Or perhaps he has made his defences look weak for our benefit. We have to assume the guards patrol the perimeter. At seventy-five metres apart, they're out of eye contact with each other Doesn't it? If we assume he has adequate defences, a minimum of fifty guards, then we should use a N'yengoren strategy. It is a good day to die. So, we talk about dying again. Yes, but to invite death with a direct assault against a superior force? Kang, what are you doing? What's really going on here? Loyalty blinds Kor and Koloth, but not me. This is not a plan for battle, it's a plan for suicide. If it were someone else, I might think you were paid to lure us here. Is this why you didn't want me to come? Because you knew you were coming to die? But why? You know what, Kang? I think you Klingons embrace death too easily. You treat death like a lover. I think living is a lot more attractive. I think an honourable victory is better than an honourable defeat. What if they had no phasers? That might make the odds a little better, don't you think? When we establish a low orbit, we modulate your disruptor banks to bombard the compound with tetryon particles. Every directed energy weapon will be neutralised. If Curzon were here, you'd be out of luck, but Jadzia Dax is a science officer. Not many. We're about forty minutes away from the Secarus System. I think we should cloak and then you and I, old friend, should sharpen our blades too. You say they promised you an honourable battle. Hand to hand combat at the main threshold. Take a look at this. This indicates a gravitic mine buried at the main threshold. On the other hand, this gives us an advantage we wouldn't otherwise have. He's expecting us at the front door. Good question. A good strategy. But whoever creates the diversion will have to run across this field to escape. With all due respect, none of you are as quick as you once were. I'll volunteer for that job. I think so. Excuse me. Could you tell me where the tennis courts are? I seem to be lost. (Then he gets knocked out. Shortly afterwards, KaBOOM! gets the attention of the Albino. Jadzia runs as the guards point their useless weapons at her.) [Command post] You knew me as Curzon Dax. It's never a good day to lose a friend.
Entering Earth orbit. If you ask me, the seas could be a little more purple. We'd better get ready, Benjamin. Dinner tonight with Admiral Drazman. Major, Constable, would you care to join us? Oh, my head. Jacked? It looks like they got everything, except my brooch. I was travelling with some friends and I guess we got separated. That's very kind of you. Jadzia. Something like that. It's very kind of you to help me. Just finished. It took me a while to convince them I was who I said I was. They'll be expressing a transit pass and a couple of credit chips in a few hours. I asked them to send it here. I hope you don't mind. Thanks for letting me use your terminal and your account. Oh, you mean my tattoos. How did you guess? Not necessarily. What kind of business do you do? That Chris Brynner! Probably, but I won't hold it against you. I wish I could. [Processing Centre] (Sisko is having his palm prints scanned and picture taken.) Dax to Sisko. Dax to Bashir. If you can hear me, please respond. You didn't have to do that. I still have to find my friends. That's good news. I'd like that. Thanks. I could use it. [Sanctuary District street] (At the steps to an apartment building.) Don't count on it. It doesn't really matter. I'm just glad that I wasn't hurt. Chris rescued me and let me use his computer to get my replacement ID. Excuse us a minute. (Dax and Chris move away.) Is that true? About taking people without ID to a Sanctuary District. I still haven't found my friends. It's possible. If you hadn't found me, I might've wound up in one. Can we check and see if they're inside? When can we get them out? Did they say how long it would take? If that's all it's for, then why is there a wall around it? [Sanctuary District Street]
Scanners aren't picking up any lifeforms on board. Might be. I'm reading an extensive computer array but no signals to suggest it's trying to maintain contact with the mother ship. It's hard to tell. I don't recognise any known subprocessor patterns. I might have better luck if we towed it into the docking ring. You seem surprised, Chief. Computer, run standard code translations on probe data. Isolate syntax results. No science modules, no communications system, and enough computer capacity to run a Galaxy class starship. It's very odd. Nothing to suggest the probe's mission or any hint of its origin. [Promenade] (Odo checks the coast is clear before stepping off the turbolift, but still gets caught.) Locking on. Prepare to transport. Energising. [Turbolift] Dax to Chief O'Brien, please report to Ops immediately. We can't find anything wrong with the transporter. What if it's some kind of non-biological lifeform we've never seen before? Well, it all comes down to how we define lifeform, but just as biological organisms have evolved in our cultures, mechanical life could have done the same in others. Possibly. But as far as direct communication is concerned, it may not be capable of that. We haven't seen any evidence that this entity is sentient. What if it's fully integrated itself into our computer? Almost as though it feeds off the energy of the computer functions. Computer, create an historical data base for all known wormhole activity. All known occurrences. In that case, create a subspace link with Nehru colony, New France colony and Corado One transmitter array. I'm reading a huge plasma surge in the habitat ring. [Corridor] I'm reading four lifeforms in that corridor. I guess it just doesn't want to leave, like a scared puppy. I'm not sure I know what you're getting at. This one's certainly getting a lot of it. Okay, but how does that help us? The exact opposite? Dax to Sisko. Fire suppression is responding. All systems are back online. Can you get in? (Sisko uses the manual door open) He adopted it. It's just another new lifeform visiting the station.
Dax to Sisko. I think you'd better get up here. Benjamin, take a look at this. We've got some unexpected company. (There's a Klingon ship on the viewscreen) It's just decloaked. The Negh'Var. There's a General Martok on board asking to speak with you. Oh, there you are. We've been looking all over for you. Malko here just gave me the most amazing massage, and I'm sure if you ask nicely he'll do the same for you. Why? Boys, can you wait outside? You really should try to get into the spirit of things. People come from all over Trill to visit the Hoobishan Baths. And? Good. That's what a holosuite's for. To have a good time. All you have to do is relax and use your imagination. Of course you do. Everyone does. Didn't you play make-believe when you were a child? I'm sorry, I didn't mean to You can worry about the Klingons tomorrow. From what I hear, they're not going anywhere. And as for your underdeveloped imagination, I prescribe a strict regimen of exercise starting immediately. That's all I ask. Come on. Malko couldn't have gone far. [Replimat] (Breakfast, as the Promenade starts to come to life.) Captain, we're receiving a priority one distress call from the freighter Xhosa. Her signal's been jammed. Forward scanners are detecting the Xhosa at bearing zero one seven mark three four six. I can't get through to Kasidy. They're still jamming her communications. The Klingon ship has increased power to its tractor beam. It looks like they're preparing to board the Xhosa. They're still not releasing the tractor beam. Commander Kaybok would like to speak with you. I'm receiving a hail from the Xhosa. It's Captain Yates. According to our long-range sensors, the Klingon task force has withdrawn to just outside Bajoran territory. There's nothing we can do about it unless they try to stop a Federation or Bajoran vessel. It's Commander Kaybok's. He's letting you know Kaybok's dead. Martok probably had him executed for disobeying orders. The longer the Klingons are here, the worse things are going to get. Whatever you decide to do, you'd better do it soon. I can't believe you did that. (Kira and Dax come down the stairs dressed as medieval ladies.) She knocked out Lancelot. He's supposed to kiss you. That's right. And I don't usually dress like this either. Louk, a jeek cHim talaw. It loses something in the translation. He's good. You shouldn't drop your left arm like that. Just trying to help. (Worf beats his opponent.) So, how did you like the programme? It's mine. No, I mean it's mine. Computer, bat'leth. I thought you might be tired of fighting holograms. I'll go easy on you. I hope you're not holding back because I'm a woman. If it makes things any easier, think of me as a man. I've been one several times. (Worf disarms Dax, then knocks her legs out from under her so she ends up on her back.) Feel better? I take it your conversation with General Martok didn't go all that well. Maybe you're going about this the wrong way. With so many Klingons around, there must be someone who owes your family a favour. [Guest quarters] (WOrf has found an older Klingon to get drunk.) Yes, sir. Captain, I think you'd better take a look at this. (Klingon ships are cloaking and leaving.) As soon as General Martok beamed back to his ship, he sent a message to the Klingon fleet. It was just one word. In'Cha. The Klingons are still our allies. If we warn the Cardassians, we'd be betraying them. If I were you, I'd be more worried about Bajor. Think about it. What good would it do for the Klingons to defeat Cardassia, if they don't control the wormhole? All together we're talking about well over a hundred ships, just in the first wave. I was saying that between ground forces and warships, the Klingons have committed almost a third of their military to this invasion. You'd almost think somebody warned the Cardassians they were coming. Course laid in. Aye, Captain. I suppose it's possible, but there's no way to know without decloaking and using our primary sensor array. We're approaching the rendezvous point. Captain, I'm picking up a distress signal from Dukat. Audio only. We're in visual range. Benjamin, Dukat's ship isn't going to last much longer. We've been fired upon by the lead bird of prey. Shields are holding. Fire phasers. Dukat's ship is under fire. I don't know how much longer they can hold out. Benjamin, it's going to take at least two minutes to evacuate Dukat's ship. Even with the Defiant's new armour, I don't think we can last that long with our shields down. You were right, Mister Worf. The modulated tractor beam's deflecting some of the Klingons' disruptor fire. The ablative armour is holding. Ablative armour has failed. We've got plasma leaks on decks two, three and five, and we've lost our aft torpedo launchers. I'm not getting any response from the cloaking device. It's not working. Looks like I won, Benjamin. You owe me dinner. Captain Sisko bet me that you would thank him for the rescue before you started complaining. Aye, sir. It may not be much of a risk. They've got friends. (There's a whole fleet sitting out there.) [Ops] The Klingon ships have raised their shields and charged their weapons. We're receiving a transmission from General Martok. They're not responding. (Boom!) They've disabled two of our shield generators. (A boarding party beams in and gets shot, then another. And a third.) [Promenade] (Fights are breaking out all over the place with the defenders having the upper hand for the most part. Odo is hand to hand until Bashir shoots a second Klingon in the back.) I'm reading a cluster of warp signatures approaching, bearing one eight seven mark zero two five. It's Starfleet, Benjamin. Six starships, led by the Venture. They'll be here in fifteen minutes. I've got him. The Klingon ships have powered down their weapons. Captain, I'm receiving a priority one message from Starfleet Intelligence. The Klingons are refusing to give up several of the Cardassian colonies they seized during the invasion. They're fortifying their positions and deploying orbital defence systems.
Two? It could take days. I'm picking up two humanoid lifeforms on the surface. Worf. I thought I picked up another distress signal but now it's gone. [Cavern] (Dukat gets a piece of metal piping.) I could understood what she was trying to say. Well it doesn't really matter what we think. Commander Worf is captain here. Aye, Captain. [Cavern] (Sisko has been beaten up. Dukat is cleaning blood from the metal pipe.) It's time. Course laid in. Engaging impulse engines. Benjamin? I've notified Starfleet of Dukat's last known position. They'll find him. To realise that is one thing. To do something about it is another. So what are you going to do?
I'm sure you're exaggerating. You seemed to be concentrating just fine on the junior Lieutenant at the reception for Captain Stadius. And the Betazoid envoy who was here last week. Julian, you are a wonderful friend. I enjoy the time we spend together. Try a high-pitched sonic shower. It'll make you feel better. Sorry I'm late. I was having dinner with Julian. Young. Anything going on? Elevated thoron emissions in the plasma field. It could be. Ships have always avoided the Denorios Belt. We have no idea how the presence of so many warp and impulse engines might affect it. The question is, is this going to cause us any problems? Hello, Julian. Watching you. Waiting for you to wake up. Is something wrong? Wonderful. (and carries on kissing him) Why are you fighting this? I don't know what you're talking about. This is not a joke, Julian. I think you'd better ask me, Benjamin. (After the adverts, Bashir is scanning Buck with his ever-present tricorder.) A subspace disruption. Maybe some kind of dimensional shift. I didn't see an anomaly when I scanned the plasma field, but it could have been so small the sensors missed it. I think I've got something. Look at the wave patterns of the plasma field. The particle density rises as you get closer to the centre, but then it looks like it just drops off completely. Whatever falls in there is just gone. I was afraid of this. The proximity of the wormhole is amplifying the rupture. Dax to O'Brien. How are you coming with that probe, Chief? Keep me informed. Dax out. Computer, scan all data files for comparable wave intensity patterns. Julian, there's really no need to apologise. In a way, I feel as if we've invaded your privacy. We all have fantasies and dreams we keep to ourselves, thoughts that should remain private. Of course I do. I was a young man, once. Of course. She really is submissive, isn't she? Is that how you want me to be, Julian? So submissive? Cold fish? I could use one about now. Yearnings? A similar subspace rupture was reported in the Hanoli System in the mid twenty third century. There's no reason you should. When the rupture expanded, the system was destroyed. Station log, stardate 46853.2. We have launched a probe to study the subspace anomaly. Meanwhile, more than half the people aboard DS Nine have reported manifestations of their imagined thoughts. [Ops] All probe systems are reading normal. Wave pattern should begin to fluctuate any time now. There. [Ops] )O'Brien is working down in the pit) Thoron emission patterns unstable. Probe hull temperature dropping rapidly. The probe's approaching the perimeter of the anomaly. That's strange. Negative readings on all sensors. We may be looking at some sort of folded space. Benjamin, it's getting larger. [Promenade - upper level] Five minutes after they did, the rupture expanded radically. It reached a critical mass point and imploded and then disappeared from normal space altogether. Dozens. Nothing confirmed. But we do know there were no wormholes and very little starship activity in the area before it formed. The smaller it is, the better chance we have. I need to see you, Benjamin. In the last hour alone, the rupture's expanded twenty seven percent The rate of expansion is increasing. If the rift collapses, the implosion would overtake us almost immediately. The rift's gotten large enough to pick up on visual scanners. SISKO On screen. Magnify. (A black gash with light falling into it. Buck is there, along with Rumpelstiltskin and Dax 2.) All available power's been transferred. Reading shield strength at one hundred fifty eight percent above normal. Thirty seconds to coordinates. Torpedo hull temperature dropping. Twenty seconds. Terminal targeting spread confirmed. Ten seconds. Five seconds. Wave emissions are fluctuating. We're not getting a controlled collapse. Proton counts have tripled. Sensors aren't operating. Wave emissions from the rift are still fluctuating. I can't make sense out of these readings. Proton counts are lower than before. And now they're beginning to rise again. You were there, Benjamin. When we were first trying to figure this whole thing out. I thought that whatever was out there was too small for the scanners to identify. That is what I imagined. (without looking) Normal. (And the rift disappears) It might still be related to the elevated thoron emissions in the plasma field. The readings still haven't returned to normal. Yes, Benjamin.
Chief, I was just about to head down to the Replimat and I was wondering
My previous host, Curzon, would have called himself an expert. I tend to think of myself as having a passing familiarity with your culture. Yes, there is that aspect to your people. I'd agree with that. I think that instinct was present, but I've seen Mister Worf restrain it before. In the holosuite. We've fought many times. Oh, no. When we fight, we fight. [Holosuite caves] (As she remembers a workout similar to that from Sons of Mogh) I've made it very clear to Mister Worf that I never want him to take it easy on me because I'm a woman or a Trill. [Wardroom] A few bruises here and there. A broken finger once. Nothing serious. And I've given him a few lumps of his own. [Holosuite caves] I'm no fool. I can see the killer instinct in his eyes, and I know he could kill me if he wants to. But that look always goes away. He knows when to stop. Ja'cht. [Wardroom] Yes. It's one of the programmes Mister Worf brought with him from the Enterprise. It's an historical re-enactment of one of the epic Klingon battles. Ten thousand warriors under the command of the Emperor Sompek conquered the city of Tong Vey after a long siege. Sompek. He told them to burn the city to the ground and to kill everyone in it. Yes. It's not the same thing. It's a simulation. That's the way the programme is supposed to end. You have to give that command Yes. (reading the diary PADD) The day before he left on the convoy mission.
I still haven't found my friends. It's possible. If you hadn't found me, I might've wound up in one. I've got to get down there. My friends are in there. I have to try. I just can't stay here and watching that place burn, knowing my friends are inside. I can't wait that long. By the time things settle down, my friends could be hurt or even killed. They don't belong in there. None of those people do. First officer's log, supplemental. Somehow Sisko, Dax, and Bashir have altered Earth's history. We have no choice but to send an away team into the past, to try to find them and to correct the changes to the timeline. The only problem is, we're not exactly sure where to look or when. [Transporter room] (O'Brien is recapping the tech solution to Odo for our benefit.) Julian. Good to see you. I've been looking all over for you. I managed to recode my ID card so that I could get past the Sanitation Department checkpoint. So what you're saying is that even if I could get you out, you wouldn't leave. That's right. And it's set to emit a subspace distress signal. But if the Defiant locks on to my distress signal and we're not together. That's one problem I might be able to help you with. [Sanctuary District Street] It'll take some persuading but I think he'll do what's right. This is it. The men who took my comm. badge brought me here before they took me to the Processing Centre. [Sanctuary District Building] If you say so. Who? I know. You see, I'm an alien. Right. I'm here to protect the Earth from its enemies. But I need that piece of jewellry you're holding to do it. Thank you. Shh. Don't tell anyone. I came in there. Take care of yourself. They're not criminals. So why do you think they're doing it? Don't you want to know? Don't you think that the public deserves to know? I am asking you to give those people a voice. Chris, sooner or later, the government is going to retake the Sanctuary District. And when they do, a lot of people are going to die. And unless the public learns why the Sanctuary residents did what they did, all those deaths will be for nothing. Kira. Where are you? I'll meet you there. No. I'll explain everything when I see you. Acknowledged.
I could probably think better without your hand on my thigh. Confront. (the winner) Yes. Actually, it was Curzon that played it all the time. This female happens to be a better player than Curzon ever was. Is that how you really prefer your women? Naked and submissive? Don't you wish. All right. The opening risk is at five strips of latinum. The purchase is at three, the sell at eight. (Pel whispers to Rom) What's that? It's beautiful. Probably not, but it doesn't stop a Ferengi from trying. I suppose in a way I do. That's because you don't socialise with them the way I do. Looking back over seven lifetimes, I can't think of a single race I've enjoyed more. I admit they place too much emphasis on profit, and their behaviour toward women is somewhat primitive. Neither would I. But once you accept that, you'll find they can be a lot of fun. [Quark's] (Another after hours tongo session) Confront. You said acquire. You can't buy that kind of loyalty. I didn't know the Replimat had a Ferengi menu. That's unusual for a Ferengi. I guess that makes us both unusual. You know, I was impressed by your show of loyalty to Quark last night. That's not the point. Any other Ferengi would have let Zek pick him to pieces, but you're not like any other Ferengi I've ever met. You know he once convinced me to go up to a holosuite with him. Turns out he recreated the bedroom I slept in as a child. He overheard me describing it to Kira. Of course, most of the details were wrong, but it was a very sweet gesture, up until he tried to kiss me. I don't care what anybody says, I love him. You really do, don't you? Love Quark. Don't bother trying to deny it. I've seen the way you look at him. Does he know? You're a woman? I knew there was something different about you, but I've never met a Ferengi woman before. And you wanted more. But why come here? Falling in love with Quark. I don't know. But I do know there's more to life than profit. Haven't you lost enough for one day? I'm talking about Pel. She came by to see me before she left. I'm going to miss her. So are you. Nice try, Quark, but I know you better than that. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I risk eight strips, with a purchase at six and a sale of ten. (Quark is not paying attention.) Quark, it's your move. You beg me to play tongo with you, and then you don't pay attention to the game. Let me put it another way. If you don't finish this hand, I'm going to call it a night. Are you sure? Okay. Confront. You owe me fifteen strips of latinum. It can't be as bad as all that. Isn't this the cousin that tried to kill you? Actually, I do. Quark, I'm busy. Understand what? That you've finally shown how despicable you truly are? That you don't care how many people die as long as you make a profit. Quark, you don't really believe any of that, do you? Feeling a little guilty, Quark? Then why come to me asking for forgiveness? (Dax walks out.) [Infirmary] You killed us all. How much latinum did they pay you? What the hell are you doing in here? You broke into my quarters to give me a tongo wheel? Get out before I call Security. And take that thing with you. Think you can buy back my friendship? Don't let the door hit you on the way out. Not really. Goodbye, Quark. [Corridor] Retreat. Confront. Nice move. But then you always had a knack for getting out of tight spots. It's not your tongo wheel. You gave it to me, remember? I'm not giving it back, and that's final. Confront.
I told you we'd be okay. And if that isn't reason to celebrate, I don't know what is.
What do you think he might want from you, Julian? The Bajoran scout ship is badly damaged. Structural integrity is failing. (The little ship gets hit again) He's breaking up. Acknowledged. DS Nine to Ganges. They're in the Yangtzee Kiang. They're initialising pre-launch systems now. DS Nine to Ganges. The Cardassian warship Aldara is crossing the border, Benjamin, on an intercept course with the Yangtzee Kiang. They'll enter [Runabout Ganges] Bajoran space in twenty nine seconds.
I've scanned every subspace communication window to find a frequency to Bajor. They've got them completely jammed. Yes. Tobin Dax. My second host. Barely a sex life and no imagination, but he knew phase coil inverters like no one else. Have I mentioned how allergic Trills are to insect bites? Well, he biochemical connections between the host and symbiont can't tolerate the. Oh! Whoa! What's that? Is that a spider or a dog? I suppose you used to make them your pets and sing songs about them around the campfire. Are you sure this thing is supposed to fly? I guess the Bajoran resistance must have had a lot of short pilots. Encouraging. We'll get them fired up. You don't need to worry about that. Yep. I have no intention of getting stuck here eating palukoos. [Ops] Don't turn the engines off. We'll never get them started again. Thank you, Tobin. The hell with it. If it's going to fly, it's going to fly. No. Everything's wonderful. (She bumps her head on the cockpit roof.) Ow! How did you ever win a war in these things? (Hits a console) I think so. Navigational sensors aren't functioning. No problem? Big problem. Without navigational sensors Great. Seat of the pants technology. My natural instincts for survival told me not to climb aboard this thing. I'd say they were functioning pretty well. I have no idea. None of the sensors are functioning. (Bang! Sparks.) (using a tricorder) I'm reading the EM signature of an impulse engine. We'll never outrun them in this. And how do you intend to do that? If you consider two against one even. One? Yeah? Full power. Not so good. The phaser locks are dead. There's no way to aim. I know, I know. Seat of the pants. You fly, I'll shoot. Thruster power is falling. Got any fire gear? I think I've got something. Got it. (a tiny extinguisher) That's it? Might as well jettison the plasma tank. The thrusters are gone. Six kilometres ahead at two o'clock. How much closer? They've found the raider and now they're spreading out. We can't stay here. It would be a lot more convincing if it comes from you. The Federation officially left Bajor yesterday. You're no longer my commanding officer. Yes, you can. Don't talk to your elders that way. Good, you're up. Here, put this on. It's the only way we can get to the Chamber of Ministers. So what do you think? The nose? I'm thinking of keeping it. [Conduit 4] Dax to Sisko. The Ganges has just docked at pad C, Benjamin.
Just in case it doesn't, I've got the Orinoco prepped and ready at pad C. He and Odo checked in about an hour ago. They sealed off the airlocks in the upper and lower pylons and were moving on to the docking ring. The storm's intensity is up thirty-seven percent. Your guess is as good as mine. Plasma storms are extremely rare. But look at the bright side, this gives us a great opportunity to study one. Benjamin, you'd better look at this. I'm detecting a small vessel headed this way at one quarter impulse. I'm still not getting a response from O'Brien or Odo. The symbiont, Benjamin. He's come to steal my symbiont. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Neither of my parents or my sister underwent symbiosis. And they live happy and productive lives. Only one Trill in ten is chosen to be joined. I was one of the lucky ones. I understand your frustration, But there could be dozens of reasons why the Board didn't select you for symbiosis. They have to be very careful. An improper joining can cause permanent psychological damage to both the symbiont and the host. They were only looking after your best interests. He'll help. I don't want anyone else hurt because of me. But you have to give me your word that no one else on the station will be harmed. Do as he says, Julian. Please. I know, Benjamin. You'll do all you can. And just in case it isn't enough, I want you to know It's been fun. Don't blame yourself, Julian. You did everything you could. Thank you. Julian. The symbiont. It's gone. I feel so alone. I'm scared, Julian. I've never felt so empty. I'm fine. I remember it all, Benjamin. Everything he thought, everything he did, and it's so sad. I guess he'll always be with me. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
If they'd called ahead, we could have thrown them a party. With all due respect, I think there's been some kind of mistake. Why did you do it, Julian?
King Arthur's Court. I'm so depressed. [Corridor] Congratulations. (Kira and Bashir hug Lwaxana. Quark shakes Odo's hand. Kira kisses Odo.) Quark!
When Kang told this story, you took the high ground. Big heart. Thanks but I've had enough for a year. What I need is tea. (Dax goes over to Worf at the bar.) Mister Worf. I didn't see you come in. Join us. I'll introduce you to Kor. Kor isn't like most Klingons. Kor! I have someone I'd like you to meet. I'd like you to meet our strategic operations officer, Commander Worf. Worf is a great admirer of yours. Kor. Kor. You told me not to tell anybody. We could use another strong arm. Before you decide on a pose for that statue, we need to find the Sword. What makes you so sure you know where it is? See what? Don't be so sure. You could carpet this station with all the authentic Shrouds of the Sword that people have tried to peddle. By whom? I'll look this over in the lab first thing in the morning. Right now my head is swimming in bloodwine and I'm going to bed. And so should you. Maj ram. (Dax leaves, Kor refills his cup from another glass.) Couldn't find the bed? Worf looked a little bleary-eyed in Ops this morning. How late did you keep him up? And then where did you go? Like meeting you. I found both Klingon and Hur'q DNA on the cloth. And traces of metallic compounds that could only have been left by a Klingon bat'leth. A bat'leth fourteen hundred years old. After I talk to Captain Sisko, and after you answer a few questions. Now, where did you get this? [Sisko's quarters] (Sisko is shaving, C24 style.) A Vulcan geological survey team was mining bakrinium on an uncharted planet when they accidentally unearthed some ancient ruins. They brought back several artefacts to study, including the cloth. When he saw the cloth, Kor recognised the markings and got them to give it to him as a gift. They didn't realise it, but the markings were Hur'q. Hard to pass up a good quest. We'll do our best. Benjamin, thanks. [Runabout Rio Grande] Mister Worf, lay in a course for the wormhole. Ahead half Now? Ahead half thrusters. (Kor gestures and the wormhole goes WHOOSH on his cue.) Hey. It's a little crowded in here. I know. I heard him snoring through the bulkhead. And I'm glad he invited you, even if it does make things a little crowded. (Kor enters, gargling) I'm reading a series of interconnected structures and tunnels several kilometres beneath the surface. Assuming we can find where to look. It's a big planet. Why didn't you mention this forcefield before? We should be just outside the forcefield. (Dax reaches out, and there it is.) Let's get to work. First we need to modulate the field destabilisers to create an interference pattern. (Two devices like miniature pattern enhancers.) It's not working. That helped. Now if we can just increase the amplitude of the interference field. (The forcefield is down) It's been ransacked. Whoever did this has taken everything. I'm sorry, Kor. Sounds like a worthy quest. If there is, I don't know how we can get to it. This shield has completely different harmonics than the one at the entrance. It must be keyed to read lifesigns. If you're right we're going to need a Hur'q tour guide to get us through. We can reconfigure the tricorder to emit Hur'q lifesigns. I still have the DNA readings we got from the cloth. (Dax holds up the tricorder to the sensor then reaches for the wall. Her hand passes through) I feel like a Hur'q already. [Hur'q secret chamber] (Dax goes through first, then Worf, finally Kor.) The age, the composition, the design, everything's right. How does it feel? We should go. The field destabilisers won't hold for long. [Hur'q chamber] What do you want? Let's go! (The Lethean and Toral get up and chase them.) [Cave tunnel] (Worf knocks over a field disruptor, restoring the forcefield to the chamber. Their pursuers are trapped. Further on, Dax tends to Worf's wound.) We need to stop the bleeding. We'd better get you up to the ship. Dax to Rio Grande. (Noise.) Can we override it? Kor, go make sure no one's following us. I'm sure he was very proud. It was Worf's right to decline. Kor! Kor, what was that all about? Worf admires you. You have no idea how much it meant for him to be invited on this journey. Well enough. Why? (sotto) Worf. (They move forward carefully, weapons ready.) What is it? It's disgusting. Oh, ten, at least. Breathing great plumes of fire. We should get moving. We have to change your bandage. You're haemorrhaging. We have to stop the bleeding. Find a nice fat one. We all could use something to eat. (Kor leaves) I noticed. But you wouldn't? Maybe not. Sorry. But I've known him a long time, and his heart's in the right place. I thought you believed in the Emperor. I can't say I felt the same way. What do you mean? You were too human to be one of them. Something no Klingon had ever done. Like finding the Sword You sound like Kor. Then we have a bit of a problem. There's only one Sword and you both want it. (And later still) The way these caves wind around, this could take forever. (They come out onto a ledge by a chasm.) Or longer. I can't see anything. Just hold on. We'll pull you up. (She hauls on Worf, and Kor is pulled to safety. Worf has the Sword. Kor looks down, then Dax.) That's enough, both of you. Then give it to me. I'll carry it. Kor, put away your dagger. Put away your dagger so he can give me the bat'leth. (Kor does, but Worf does not easily let go of the Sword.) He was right about one thing. You wanted him to fall. That ledge would have never supported him and you knew it. I'm exhausted. I'm so tired I think I might be able to sleep. Enough! I have the Sword and it's not going anywhere. (Dax has her phaser in her hand and lies on the Sword.) And I have had enough of both of you. I don't care if you sleep or not, but I'm going to. So be quiet. What? All right, if you're not going to sleep, then let's walk. I'm not going to stand here and watch Let's get out of here. (Kor picks up the Sword.) He's going to get himself killed. Kor! Commander! Worf! Stop! (Worf is throttling Kor up against the rock wall, so Dax shoots him.) Be quiet. (She shoots Kor and goes to Toral.) Now, about that jamming device you're using to block our communications. [Runabout Rio Grande] (The Sword is placed on a pedestal) Good. It's for the best.
We haven't been able to trace the Boslic Captain since she left the station. Her flight plan said she was headed for Risa, but I don't think we should put much faith in that. Chief O'Brien just started to analyse the wreckage. We should have a preliminary report in a couple of hours. We should contact one of the orphanages on Bajor and let them know we might have someone for them. I was talking about an orphanage. You are positively glowing. I haven't seen that look on your face since Listening to him cry, changing his diapers, worrying when he was sick. So he's a product of genetic engineering. But why? Was he a unique experiment or is this sort of thing common to his species? Can you replicate this enzyme? Security to the Promenade. (Odo comes out of his office) Dax to Sisko. I think we've solved the mystery of our young visitor, Benjamin. He's a Jem'Hadar. [Wardroom] True, but the Founders could have removed his sense of free will. He may be nothing more than a genetically programmed killing machine.
Want one? Ha'mara? Sounds beautiful. Sorry we missed it. Benjamin's never been one for ceremonies, especially where he's the centre of attention. After being stuck in the mess hall all morning with Quark and Hanok, I bet he wishes he had gone. The Karemma ship is coming about. They're moving away, Captain. What are they doing? Five seconds to atmosphere. (In they go and the viewscreen fills with static.) We've hit a cross-current. There might be a way we can increase it. Benjamin, we have an idea. It works by echo-location. We send out a modulated tetryon pulse, and if it reflects off the hull of a ship we can approximate its location. We're crossing into another thermal layer. Chief, if you can spare someone to meet me in Jefferies tube four, I'll try to re-route the power through the secondary couplings. [Engine room] Not quite. Julian. (Bashir hits the close button and steps through with his medkit.) [Turbolift] (Bashir pulls the unconscious Dax into the turbolift, manually closes the door and gives her a hypo.) Terrible Remind me to hold my breath next time. I take it we're stuck in here? I've had enough fluorine for one day. Maybe we should just stay put and wait for someone to come get us. Is there anything else I should know? Thanks, anyway. For trying to rescuing me. I mean it. It's funny. A year ago if you'd have done something like this, I would've thought you were just trying to be a hero. Now that I know you better I realise it was just a really stupid thing to do. I'm so cold. What? Tell me. If you don't mind my saying, Julian, that's a very strange fantasy. It's just you came on so strong. You never really gave me a chance to get to know you. Oh? Julian! That's preposterous. And if you start chasing after me again Excuse me, Morn. It's your turn. Darts. Now we're even. (Past Worf and O'Brien's table.)
He'll take it. Consider it a gift. The Ferengi shuttle 'Quark's Treasure' has just departed the station.
Fire. (KaBOOM) Half impulse. Sir, do you see those Galor class destroyers? Sir, we've just lost the Sitak and the Majestic. We're on our own, Ben. That's one down. I'm trying. I'd love to try. (Their Klingon escort is demolished as Defiant weaves through the enemy to clear space beyond.) Eleven minutes. Ben, if I were you, I'd start coming up with a plan B. [Conduit junction] What do we do now, Captain? One ship against an entire fleet? That's a hell of a plan B. Captain, I'm reading multiple warp signatures ahead. Here they come. Benjamin. (Energy crackles in the wormhole and the Dominion fleet vanishes.) I'm not picking up any neutrino emissions. Worf! I guess the wedding's still on.
Don't you find him just a little arrogant? Did he. They're due in eight hours. I'm reading elevated neutrino levels from the wormhole. They're not answering. You're making a mistake if you think that detaining Commander Sisko will stop us from exploring the Gamma Quadrant. They've entered the wormhole. We've lost them. [Containment area] What about Benjamin and the others? If you're going to try to rescue them, then we're coming with you. It should take at least that long to offload all the nonessential personnel from the Odyssey. You were planning on doing that, weren't you? I'm happy where I am. Did I say that? Maybe the Jem'Hadar were bluffing. We'll keep our eyes open, sir. [Runabout Rio Grande] Odo, take the helm. I'll handle the targeting controls. Have you tried altering your harmonics to compensate? [Odyssey Bridge] We're with you. My control's are dead!
I guess you boys from Temporal Investigations are always on time. Find somebody else. I have my own ways of torturing Worf. I don't know, but we've dropped out of warp. Benjamin, something's very wrong. According to the navigational computer we're over two hundred light years from our last position. Someone's activated the transporter. Not yet. But it's close. Very close. That's His surgeon does nice work. He could be planning to kill Kirk. And women wore less. (Dax pirouettes. The red skort suits her legs.) Chief, here are the coordinates. The Captain and I will start on deck four and work our way aft. You and Julian should start on deck twenty one They really packed them in on these old ships. Perfect. An auxiliary communications juncture. I used to have one of these. I love classic twenty third century designs. Black finish, silver highlights. Sorry. [K-7 bar] (Odo enters, finds an empty table and starts using a bajoran tricorder. Chekov and Uhura enter and go to the bar.) What should we do? Kira, can you identify the Klingon vessel? [Bridge] That's Koloth's ship. Yes. And he isn't going to attack. I remember Koloth telling me he once traded insults with Kirk on a space station near the Federation border. He always regretted never getting the chance to face him in battle. That's Koloth. Maybe we should beam over to the station and help Odo and Worf. We know that Darvin was there a few hours ago. But if we went, we might run into Koloth. It's not as if he would recognise me. I'd love to see him at his prime. It would've been fun. Benjamin, look. (Kirk and Spock are walking along when the comm. whistles) I had no idea. He's so much more handsome in person. And those eyes. Not him. Spock. I can't believe you don't at least want to meet Captain Kirk. Oh, come on, Benjamin. Are you telling me you're not the tiniest bit interested in meeting one of the most famous men in Starfleet history? But it's, it's James Kirk! You're right. I guess the difference between you and me is I remember this time. I lived in this time and it's hard to not want to be part of it again. [K-7 bar] (Bashir and O'Brien join Worf and Odo at their table.) Benjamin, I think we should risk going to the bridge. If we can use the internal sensors, we can scan the entire ship for explosives in a matter of seconds. One million, seven hundred and seventy one thousand, five hundred and sixty one. That's starting with one tribble with an average litter of ten every twelve hours. After three days I re-routed the sensor interface. That's a relief. When Kirk sat on that tribble, I half expected it to go off. I know him. McCoy. McCoy. Leonard McCoy. I met him when he was a student at Ol' Miss. No, my host at the time was Emony. She was on Earth judging a gymnastics competition. I had a feeling he'd become a doctor. He had the hands of a surgeon. Then it must be somewhere on K-seven. [K-7 grain storage hopper] (We zoom onto one still, large brown tribble in the quadrotritikale store. Dum-dum-daaa!) [K-7 bar] (O'Brien, Bashir, and Odo are frantically scanning tribbles then tossing them away. The bartender's face can just be seen amid a pile of them on the bar.) Benjamin, maybe we could narrow things down a little. Presumably, Darvin put the bomb somewhere he knows Kirk [K-7 bar] Is going to be in the next half an hour. So if we stick [Enterprise turbolift] Close to Kirk I'm picking up a faint tricobalt signature. The bomb's under here somewhere. (Sound of a lock being undone) Someone's trying to open the bay door. [K-7 grain storage corridor] (Kirk gives up on the lower hatch and opens an overhead hatch instead. He gets deluged by tribbles.) [K-7 grain storage hopper] Benjamin, it's right here in front of us. (Sisko scans a white tribble then throws it away.) [K-7 grain storage corridor] (Where it hits Kirk.) It went well? We could build another station. (Quark has a tribble on his head, the place is full of them. The final homage shot for the 30th anniversary show.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Yes, Captain. I'll meet you in the transporter room. Dax out. Oh, now that's what I call really bad timing. I have to go. As long as it's not about the wedding. But I don't want to join his House. I don't want to get caught up in all those blood feuds. Every time a member of the House of Martok gets dishonoured or killed, I'll have to drop whatever I'm doing and rush off on some quest for vengeance. It's boring, Worf. Worf, I'm joking. Of course I will. True. But they'll be fun. [Rotarran Bridge]
The search vessels picked up their warp signature traces. There was also an indication of a plasma leak. Nothing. Benjamin, they're showing damage to their deflector grids.
What are you talking about, Quark? Well, if you must know, I'm waiting for Major Kira. We were supposed to go anti-grav sailing together, but you know how she feels about the holosuites. So you're not cancelling? Oh, don't worry, you won't crash. We'll start out with an easy simulation like sailing across the Great Erg on New Mecca. You'll see, it'll be great . It's you. (An alien woman watches this all from the upper level.) [Security office] Commander, we're receiving a transmission from the Bajoran Central Archives When we scanned the area, we found a residual electrostatic charge. Benjamin, those residual electrostatic charges. They could also have been left by a disrupter or a phaser set to kill. So far, so good. Nobody here but us Kobheerians. Benjamin, I'm detecting two Galor class warships headed this way. Still holding. As far as their scanners are concerned, we should still look like a Kobheerian freighter. They're hailing us. I can make your comm. image look like a three thousand ton screech rhino if you want me to. They're headed toward us. If they get any closer, they might be able to identify us. No.
You've been smirking ever since we left the Starbase. How was I supposed to know that Captain Ramirez was a three-time tongo champion? I didn't lose that much. I have it. Most of it. Worf? Fine. I'll borrow it from Quark. He likes me. You know the Rules of Acquisition? Energising. (Fala starts to beam in then her image begins to warp) There's a power surge in the buffer! I'm transferring her pattern to the secondary buffer. It won't go any higher. I'm losing her! (Fala writhes in the beam, and a smoking corpse finally solidifies.) (Later, docked at the station, Sisko and Odo watch as Bashir and a medic scan the remains. Kira enters.) We're not sure. The system is programmed to scan for remats, so whoever did this has a sophisticated understanding of our security protocols. No kidding. I made it a policy never to argue with someone's lobes. Maybe. Since the first word of all three messages is the same, let's assume that it's simply been copied three times. That gives me a reference to begin screening out the electronic interference. There's been an explosion in the habitat ring. Level five, section twenty one alpha. The O'Brien's quarters. Go to Red alert. Stop all incoming and outgoing ships until further notice. Dax to Infirmary. Doctor Bashir report to Habitat ring level five, section twenty one alpha. Medical emergency. There's been an explosion in O'Brien's quarters. There's a hull breach. The compartment is venting air into space. No word yet. I'm having trouble scanning through the debris.
I'd say that was successful mission. Five days in the Gamma quadrant and no sign of the Jem'Hadar. The inertial dampening generators may need to be realigned. O'Brien's going to be a little disappointed. He thought he finally had the ship running smoothly. Mister Worf, you're in love. With the Defiant. You know, I think I'm finally getting the hang of this mek'leth. Don't you think? Then why haven't you told me? I'm not a Klingon warrior. I'm a beautiful and sensitive young woman who thrives on. (Worf holds up his hand.) What is it? Isn't this your tooth sharpener? [Security office] Better? I thought about getting you a plant, but somehow it didn't seem right. So I brought you this instead. (Dax gives him an isolinear chip.) It's a collection of my favourite Klingon operas. Think about it. You can lie in bed and pipe them through the Defiant's comm. system. Play them as loud as you like. You know, Worf, in the end living on the Defiant isn't going to change anything. You're still going to have to get used to life on the station. Sooner or later you're going to have to adapt.
Come on, Julian. It couldn't have been that bad. Why didn't you stop it? So what finally happened? That's terrible. At least it's all over. Honestly, Julian, you're exaggerating. O'Brien's can't be a day over thirty eight. I think so. (Her console bleeps) I don't believe it. I've had the computer looking for this programme for weeks. It was buried somewhere in the deep code level right before the Cardassians left. I'm not sure. It's more like it found me. Just lucky, I guess. [Racquetball court] (O'Brien is on his back the floor, groaning.) What? Even the backups? Well, I've had a great day so don't try to send your misfortunes my way. I don't believe it. The programme I found. It disappeared. No luck. It's funny, it's like the computer brought that programme up at random then just swallowed it up again. Could there be a connection between the accidents and the increase in the system failures? It would have to be something that would affect both people and machinery. Oh, I found something all right. I just don't know what it means. Look at this. Notice anything unusual? The spin. Given the laws of probability, from any point of view, about half of them should be spinning clockwise and the other half counterclockwise. But over eighty percent of them are spinning clockwise. No, but I think it's a symptom of the same problem. The neutrinos outside the station are normal, but inside the station something very strange is going on. [Racquetball court] Not impossible, just extremely improbable. Exactly. Someone or something on this station is distorting the laws of probability. I think I know a way. [Club Martus] (Martus is still losing) Ninety-eight percent of the neutrinos in this room are rotating clockwise. One hundred percent clockwise. It's these machines. Somehow these machines are altering the laws of probability all over the station. These machines are effecting everyone on the station, whether they're playing them or not.
I'm fine, check the others. We found her in the Gamma Quadrant. She'd been there for over two years. She did seem very surprised when I told her about it. I don't think she ever expected to see this part of the galaxy again. She said she didn't want to talk about it. Said it was a personal matter. She claims to be an archaeologist. We suffered a broad spectrum power drain. Chief, are you reading any graviton flux around the transfer systems? That's exactly what happened when we lost power on the Ganges. [Corridor] What does he want with us? Why Vash? Sensors are reading a massive graviton build-up. It's already beginning to normalise. We're losing atmosphere. The breach was caused by some kind of focused graviton pulse. Maybe it's time we opened negotiations with Q. What if we make the power drain easier to detect? If we flood the station with ionised tridium gas, we should be able to trace the particle flow to the source. Only when it's highly concentrated. We'd only use a very small amount. The graviton field has increased by sixty percent. Not until we've increased tridium levels to one part per million. It should only be another seven, eight minutes. Bearing one five seven, mark one three. Initiating sensor sweep. : The tridium gas seems to be draining toward the central core. Wait a minute. Of course. Bring the reactors back online If we generate enough energy, it should create a power drain big enough to trace. It's not in any of the crossover bridges or the habitat ring. It's in the upper core. I've got it. The power drain's coming from the Promenade. This way. [Quark's] Over here. That's it. I'm reading a massive graviton build up inside this container. It's increasing exponentially. We have got to get it off the station now.
So you see, Ensign Manwaring has spent the last two weeks avoiding the assay office because he thought that Freyla was in love with Lieutenant Strek, but all the while Strek was seeing Security Officer Seelee. And Freyla was waiting for Manwaring to ask her out. Odo, I didn't tell you that story to get Seelee in trouble. The point is that sometimes we don't see true love even when it's staring us right in the face. Let me give you another example. You know Lysia Arlin? I've noticed she's been making a lot of visits to the Security Office lately. You don't say. Exactly my point. And how can you be so sure? Are you saying that you've never had a female friend? That's not what I meant. I'm talking about an intimate friendship. I'm sorry, but after seven lifetimes the impersonal questions aren't much fun anymore. Looks like we found our particle field. They're omicron particles. Omicron particles are incredibly rare. They can only be created by certain types of matter-antimatter reactions. The field seems to be coming from the second planet in the system. Let's go a little closer. (zoom) That's strange. The particles are concentrated in one small valley. The particle field could be interfering with the sensors. We'd better beam down for a closer look. [Village square] (Night in a large paved area surrounded by purple buildings. There's a big device in the middle) I'm still getting a lot of interference. The particle field must be blocking the tricorder functions. (They go to the device) The interference seems to be coming from here. This must be the source of the field. It's probably some kind of matter-antimatter reactor. Give me a minute. (Odo turns to see a weapon pointed at them) We've just arrived here. If you want, you can check our ship's logs and they'll prove it to you. Don't worry, he'll be right back. (Odo beams in, sitting down) What did I tell you? Six hours ago we weren't even in this system. If you want, you can accompany us back to our station and they will verify everything we've told you. I'd like to scan the area again for transporter activity, in case you missed something. I'm still not getting a clear reading. The omicron particles put out by the reactor are creating too much interference. Certain kinds of transporters leave behind a residual electrostatic charge. If we could check Anetra's workroom? (Dax and Colyus leave) I'm still not reading other lifeforms, and no indications of any power source. (Then the alien tricorder disappears from her hand) Did you see that? It just vanished. It happened just as we passed those bushes. (Taya is coming down the slope) Taya. I think I do. It's a little complicated to explain. It'd probably be easier if I showed you. May I have your cloak? Please. Thank you. (She puts it on the ledge around the device) Now stand back. No. It's not a transporter. It's a holographic projector. It creates an omicron particle field and then manipulates the field to form physical objects like your cloak. The people are made up of omicron particles too. I'm afraid so. You see, the component that controls the particle field, it's breaking down, and that's why people are disappearing. If I'm right, everyone and everything in this village is a holographic projection. The holographic field ends just outside this valley, and earlier today Taya tried to reach past the edge and her arm disappeared. We could show you, if you'd like. It wasn't a trick. We hope so. Then this village will cease to exist. The system's only a few months away from complete failure anyway. At least this way we have a chance to save you. All right, here we go. (The village, people and buildings, disappears except for) Odo. Then Taya's personality is a combination of her parent's personalities. And she loves you. All right, nothing to do now but reactivate the system and see what happens. We upgraded the system's memory core and realigned the field generators. I don't think you'll have to worry about anyone disappearing now. Computer, two to beam up. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
What about Benjamin and the others? If you're going to try to rescue them, then we're coming with you. (Eris takes down the security field. Sisko kills a Jem'Hadar.) There must be something we overlooked. What are you suggesting? That leaves us with two options. Abandon the station and make a stand on Bajor or collapse the entrance to the wormhole. Some kind of large subspace surge has just activated our security sensors. Bearing one four eight mark two one five. Distance three hundred metres. From the intensity and the harmonic signature, it could be a cloaked ship, but I've never seen an energy dispersal pattern like this. The energy signature's fluctuating. It's decloaking. (It's Starfleet, NX 74205, which makes it a prototype for its class.) It's definitely a Federation starship but I've never seen that design before. It's hailing us. So what happened? I just thought you'd like to know that the Defiant'll be ready at oh seven hundred hours. Does anything? His maintenance list is as long as this table, but he did say it'll take us where we're going. Well, he said that was up to you. How many times did Curzon tell you never volunteer for anything? And regretted it every time. If I know Starfleet, they must've run at least two hundred probability studies on this mission of ours. So what are the odds of us succeeding? You know, after Jennifer died I never thought I would see you this passionate about something again. Curzon always thought that was very funny. What I mean is, he could never see a set of Admiral's stars on your collar. He thought that just making the decisions would never satisfy you. You had to implement them, see the results, face the consequences. Curzon always thought you were the kind of man who had to be in the thick of things, not behind some desk at Headquarters. He liked to think so. I was just about to say the same thing to you. I'll see you in the morning, Benjamin. [Bridge] (Much more compact than we're used to, with a single console in front of the Captain's chair, a small viewscreen and stations around the bulkheads.) Quark's settling into his quarters and asked me to relay his profound disappointment in the accommodations, and to inform you that he could get you in touch with several reputable interior decorators for a modest fee. Navigation and Operations ready. We've cleared the station. Course laid in, sir. Should I alter course? They must've seen us. All stop. (The Jem'Hadar ships search the area.) Aye, sir. [Sisko's cabin] (Sisko is lying on the claustrophobic lower bunk when the doorbell rings.) Understood. Dax to Bridge. We're ready, Benjamin. Dax to Defiant. We're in what seems [Outpost] To be the central computer room. The user interface is a little unusual, but I think we can access it. That was fast. Any indication that we've tripped some kind of security protocol? Then let's get the information and get out of here. Dax to Defiant. I think we have something, Benjamin. [Outpost] We've accessed the communications log of outgoing transmissions. I'm sending them to you now. (Alarms sound and power is cut. Someone puts a hand on Dax's shoulder.) [Bridge]
How many replicators are we talking about? Why all the secrecy? Do you know what cargo was transferred to the Maquis ship? Well, at least we're not dealing with weapons. It sounds like she's only providing
Absolutely. The cormaline is only a few hundred metres below the surface, and my readings are correct, it's one of the richest veins I've ever seen. No hull breach. The only damage I could find is a crushed guidance thruster, if that's what it is. These men didn't die in the crash. They've been dead for hours. Massive osteonecrosis. Every bone in their body's been shattered. No viewscreen. No chairs. I wonder if this is what all the Jem'Hadar ships are like? We may not be safer in here. The Jem'Hadar can transport through just about anything. (There are footsteps on the hull overhead.) T'lor had it. We've only got one portable generator. The rest are at the base camp. Looks like you need a new bandage, Enrique. (Lights come up.) My guess, it's some kind of virtual sensory display. The Jem'Hadar equivalent of our viewscreen? I guess they're the only ones that get to see what's going on outside. They know your name. I'd love to know how the Captain's doing. Any chance you can get this thing working? What's that? [Jem'Hadar ship corridor] (O'Brien spots a device fastened to a bulkhead.) You sure? (off tricorder) Some kind of sensor device. Probably a surveillance device to find out how many of us there are, how many weapons we have. It doesn't make sense. If he had a rifle, O'Brien and I would be dead. But all he had was a knife. Captain, the first thing we need to do is make a structural scan of the ship. Make our own blueprints. Chief, structurally, a lot about this ship's design matches the other Jem'Hadar warships we've seen. Well, you can do it, Chief. I don't think a ship's been invented a ship that you can't figure out. Muniz is strong. He'll make it. Worf, what do you say we go take a look at that ion exchange matrix we found. And on the way maybe we can discuss some of the finer points of diplomacy. [Jem'Hadar ship Command centre] (Muniz is shivering, going into shock.) I take it things could have gone better. Don't worry, they're there. Without shields, a direct hit would destroy us. Maybe she lost an earring. I'll say one thing for the Jem'Hadar, they travel light. No cargo, no storage compartments. I did find these data crystals in one of the computer rooms. There may be some encoded information on them but the crystal structure has been randomised. As far as I can tell. It would help if we knew what we were looking for. What is it? So you ripped it out of the wall. Very nice. So what do we do with it now? Use it for a doorstop? Worf I was kidding. It was a good idea. We'll hook it up and see if we can get it working. You'd think they'd be tired of playing this game with us by now. Right now that doesn't sound like a bad idea. Chief, could you take a look at that console? Tough guys. A little pressure and they buckle. Yes, sir. Ready, Chief. Chief, I'm getting some low frequency resonance in the main reactor housing. Dampers are at maximum. It's working, captain. These engines just might shake us loose. Main reactor housing destabilising. That's what a captain's supposed to say. Ben. (A drop of liquid falls from the ceiling. Then another. A piece of equipment morphs.) It can't hold its shape. It's dying. They couldn't risk killing one of their gods. (The groans are heard outside by Kilana and the Jem'Hadar.) The bombing's stopped. Why? It's true. The Jem'Hadar died by their own hands. What did Starfleet have to say about our prize? That's all? Just pleased? I'll add it to my collection. It may sound cruel, but we both know that ship out there was worth it. Those five deaths may save five thousand lives, or maybe even five million. Moral and ethical issues of command. It's good advice. I remember. And you know something else I remember about him? How proud he was to wear his uniform. And how proud he was to serve under you. The same as Hoya, T'Lor, Bertram and Muniz. They chose a life in Starfleet. They knew the risks and they died fighting for something that they believed in. Maybe nothing should. [Defiant Cargo bay] (O'Brien is sitting talking to a torpedo casing.)
None as boring anyway. He never varies his performance, by even a half-tone. You know, for a Klingon who was raised by humans, wears a Starfleet uniform and drinks prune juice, you're pretty attached to tradition. But that's okay. I like a man riddled with contradictions. (Worf sees Grilka (from House of Quark) and her entourage come out of the airlock onto the Promenade.) That's a welcome sight. The peace talks must be going well if the Klingons are back on the station. Worf? The Klingon woman? Her? She's okay. Now I remember who she is. Her name is Grilka. And she's not just Quark's friend. She's his ex-wife. [Quark's] And even though it was an accident, Quark took credit for killing Grilka's husband. As a way of boosting business at the bar. And it worked. But then Grilka kidnapped Quark and took him back to the Klingon Homeworld and married him. I'm getting to that. As a woman, Grilka was forbidden to lead her House. By marrying Quark she was able to retain control through him. Eventually, she convinced the Council to give her control and she divorced Quark on the spot. As far as I know, that's the last time they saw each other. Certainly for Grilka. I'm not sure how convenient it was for Quark. Worf, it sounds like you have got a bad case of par'Mach. Par'Mach is the Klingon word for love, but with more aggressive overtones. Stranger things have happened. You're in love. Which I suppose is the same thing. You're making too much out of this, Worf. Tumek said Grilka wasn't offended. She was probably flattered. Is that what's really bothering you? Or is it that Tumek said that you didn't know anything about Klingon women, and you're afraid he's right? (Quark enters) He's having a bad day. Quark, Klingon mating rituals are very involved. It's not just a one night affair. For sex? So I hear. Look, if you're serious about this, then you have to go slow at dinner. No innuendo, no staring at her cleavage. You talk. You ask her about her family's history and their accomplishments. She'll consider this a great sign of respect. Well, either she accepts your offer or she has her bodyguard shatter every bone in your body. Quark! (The programme freezes. Dax signals an upward thrust. Quark takes the hint and kills his opponent on the resume.) MoVas ah-kee rustak! Ish-tovee chuCH thling nuq? Because later that night, Kahless and Lukara jumped on each other like a pair of crazed voles. Grrr. I have an idea. [Holosuite] (Quark and Dax fighting with bat'leths. Notice Quark is wearing one of those Ferengi head bands now. Worf is also fighting, on his own, wearing a VR device. Dax is defeated.) Oh, congratulations. How do you feel? You need to get some sleep. (She turns of a device under his head band.) If your body's tired tomorrow, Worf won't even be able to save you. What is it you see in her, anyway? I mean, she's attractive, but other than that? It sounds like you're describing a statue. What would you do with a woman like that? Put her up on a pedestal and clean her every week? If I were in your shoes, I would be looking for someone a little more entertaining, a little more fun, and maybe even a little more attainable. Too bad. You'd be amazed at what I can do in a pair of size eighteen boots. [Holosuite - Hall of Warriors] (Grilka, Thopok and Tumek are waiting when Quark enters) [Holosuite] (Next door Worf is wearing the VR device and has a bat'leth.) He's in position. [Holosuite - Hall of Warriors] You damaged the optronic relay. I don't know. [Holosuite -Hall of Warriors] I'm going as fast as I can. [Holosuite - Hall of Warriors] No showing off this time, Worf. Just get it over with. Congratulations. You did it. Who knows? But they're on the same wavelength, and at least Quark can see an opportunity when it's standing in front of him. MoVas ah-kee rustak. Computer, bat'leth. MoVas ah-kee rustak! Ish-tovee chuCH thling nuq? Te-doQ roos ka Mech-TOH. (Worf gets the bat'leth off Dax but she throws him to the floor. They start to throttle each other, then he pulls her down onto him.) [Runabout] Well, er, if you must know According to tradition, we have to get married. The truth is, Worf, at heart, you're not much of a traditional man. I don't know. Aggressor? I don't feel like answering questions. Why don't we just take it one day at a time and see what happens? One thing's for certain. You've stopped thinking about Grilka. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
(a Trill female) I'd be delighted. He's twenty-seven, I'm twenty-eight. Yes, but Benjamin, he knows I'm a Trill. He finds it fascinating. He's never met a joined species before. Perhaps not. Don't be ridiculous. I'm still the same old Dax. More or less. [Infirmary] That should give us something. Benjamin, I was happy when I heard you accepted this assignment. I've been worried about you. Computer, create a data base for all historical references to the Orbs, including all reports of any unexplained phenomena in Bajoran space. Ten millennia. Curzon. (The old man smiles at her, then the symbiot is transferred from him to her.) [Bridge] (Nightshift on the Enterprise. O'Brien hesitates outside the Ready room.) What do you know about the Denorios Belt? In the twenty-second century, a ship carrying Kai Taluno was disabled for several days in the Denorios Belt, where he claims he had a vision. Not quite, but he did say that the heavens opened up and nearly swallowed his ship. That's not all. At least five of the orbs were found in the Denorios Belt. There were also been twenty three navigational reports over the years of unusually severe neutrino disturbances in the same area. I've correlated all these reports in one analysis grid. Our Celestial Temple? Approaching grid perimeter. Computer, give me visual bearing two three mark two one seven. Range thirty one hundred kilometres. [Ops] Sensors are picking up unusually high proton counts. All external wave intensities are increasing rapidly, but checking. Confirmed. There is no corresponding increase inside the cabin. How is that possible? (The runabout falls into a bright hole in space and starts travelling along an energy tunnel.) We've lost all contact with the space station. [Ops] I'll recalibrate when I have a moment. There is a star just under five light years away. No M-class planets Computer, identify closest star system. Computer, basis of identification. It's not like any wormhole I've ever seen. There were none of the usual resonance waves. Not an unreasonable hypothesis. I'm modifying the flight programme to compensate for the spatial discontinuities. We should have a smoother ride this time. No. Why? Forward velocity down to eighty kph. Velocity at twenty kph. I'm picking up atmosphere. Capable of supporting life. (thud) We've just landed. It's beautiful. You don't think this is one of the most idyllic settings you've ever seen? It's as clear as a summer's day. (An orb is floating nearby) Yes. (gets out a tricorder) Low level ionic pattern. It's probing us. It is no ordinary wormhole. My analysis suggests that it isn't even a natural phenomenon. It's very possible whoever made the Orbs also created this wormhole. Couldn't you modify the subspace field output of the deflector generators just enough to create a low-level field around the station? If you can make the station lighter, those six thrusters will be all the power we'd need. Even if it does work, we're still going to need help from Starfleet once we get there. We should advise Starfleet that we will require their assistance. Aye, sir. The Cardassian warship is in visual range. We should be reaching the wormhole coordinates in two minutes. They're hailing us. We believe it was artificially created. That may be why our sensors never picked up any of the usual quantum fluctuation patterns. They're flooding subspace with anti-lepton interference. It'll cut off our communications with Starfleet. They're hailing us again. At least twenty hours away. Their lead ship is hailing us Gul Jasad wants an answer. Their lead ship is sending out a subspace message asking for reinforcements. Shields down to twenty-seven percent. (A big bang, damage and injuries on the Promenade) A fuel conduit has ruptured on the Promenade. Shields are at eighteen percent and falling. Major, I'm reading a huge neutrino disturbance fifteen kilometres off the forward docking ring. It's the wormhole. Benjamin, three Frunalian science vessels are requesting permission to dock.
Was there a malfunction? This interference could have been caused by a forced neutrino inversion. Do you have any evidence to support that?
The Klingons have also attacked three more outposts along the Romulan border. In short, they're reasserting themselves all over the quadrant.
I can't wait to get home and sleep in my own bed. The bunks on this ship are so uncomfortable. Maybe you and Shakaar can slip away when we get back. No wonder you've been so down lately. And? You make it sound so cut and dry. I guess I'd rather believe that any relationship can work as long as both people really want it to. You know Odo. This sort of talk makes him uncomfortable. [Bridge] (Coffee is being offered around by a crewman.) Interesting. I'm getting some unusual readings from a nearby solar system. There's some sort of energy barrier surrounding the fourth planet. If there are, I'd be interested to see how they've adapted to the quantum fluctuations in the barrier. It'll be too late. At the rate the interference is intensifying, in few weeks we won't even be able to send a probe through it. I know everyone wants to go home, but if we're going to take a look at this planet, it'll be our only chance. A few shield modifications and it should be smooth sailing. What if it's smart fungus? (At the planet.) Adjusting shield harmonics to compensate. We're through. What a coincidence. It's true. She's an O'Brien, all right. I like your spots. Maybe later. It might work. Dax to Sisko. Good news, Benjamin. [Engine room] I've gone over the sensor logs from the crash. It looks like Yedrin's plan to create a duplicate Defiant is going to work. [Meeting hall] We'll keep you posted. [Town square] (Worf is examining the pumps at the well.) Once the emitter array is recalibrated, we can start synchronising the shield generators. What? Tell me. We got married? Were we happy together? I know. It's just, sometimes, he's so hard to get along with. We need to talk. I was going over the sensor logs from the crash and I came across something odd. The quantum fluctuations in the barrier factored out to zero. The chances of that must be a billion to one. That Yedrin faked the logs. So we'd think his plan was going to work. It's not. There was never going to be a duplicate Defiant. Just one. And Yedrin wanted to make sure it went back in time. If I hadn't realised what he had done, we would have ended up stranded here and Kira would have died. [Meeting hall] You betrayed us. You betrayed me! You call yourself Yedrin Dax, but I don't recognise you. What about Kira? If we don't get her back to the station, she'll die. But I didn't. I was so bent on making some great discovery that I missed it. Neither would I. But if we go home, eight thousand people are going to cease to exist. Taking a last look around? (Gabriel runs through the group. Sisko grabs him.) We'd better go, Benjamin. There isn't much time. (Silent farewells.) [Defiant Corridor] Autopilot engaged. Aye, sir. Coming around to four two mark seven. Ten seconds to impact. Eight, seven, six, five, four I can't. It must have been someone from the crew. Yedrin? But all he cared about was the settlement. What could have changed his mind? Everyone we met, they never existed.
Lucky for us. (O'Brien enters with a metre long canister.) Are you two ever going to be finished? Come to take a last look around? Almost done. Fine. When this war is over, I'm going on a honeymoon. All right. Plot a course to the Argolis Cluster and prepare to depart. Benjamin? I wish you were coming with us. Nog, Saurian brandy for the brass. Frankly, I'm not sure I believe it happened myself. Thank you, sir. Will you excuse me a minute. Julian needs me. Take a good look because this says something about us. That we're willing to fight and that we'll keep on fighting until we can't fight anymore. You don't throw something like this away.
Who's winning the war? It's been three days. That's good. That's not so good. I thought Chief O'Brien trapped the last vole on the station months ago. But they're not as cute. Oh, Quark. I'm glad you realise that. Bearing no malice. And you've agreed to it? Oh, that's very sweet, Rom. Not likely. Leeta's not the type of woman to quit her job, stop wearing clothes, and never go out in public again. That's a very enlightened attitude, Rom. You're probably the least Ferengi-like Ferengi I've ever met. Oh, that's not a bad thing, Rom. No traditional Ferengi male could ever marry a non-Ferengi and be happy. He could never trust her. [Ishka's house]
To think I knew him when he was just a callow youth. I'm sorry, Julian. We lost track of time. We're thinking about having a baby. Well you two are awfully quiet. Well I hope she does. (Dax leaves.) You can count on it. Now that's pushing. I'll take good care of her. Give my best to the Jem'Hadar. Oh, I'll do that. I said a prayer at the shrine last night for the two of you. About having a baby? I hope they're listening. (Kira leaves.) Did you hear that? We have the Prophets on our side. Just remember, when you get back, we have a lot of work to do. I wish I was going with you. I love it when you get romantic. [Bridge] You mean Worf and I can have a baby? Oh, thank you, Julian. Oh no, it's more than that. You're a good friend. You always have been. I'd better get back to work. But first I'm going to stop by the Bajoran shrine. Kira said a prayer for me and Worf last night. She told the Prophets how much we wanted a baby. Oh, well I do today. [Shrine] (Dax lights a couple of big candles then turns to the Orb box.) I'm not sure if I'm doing this correctly. I don't come here a lot. And to be perfectly honest, I feel more comfortable thinking of you as wormhole # aliens, but Kira believes you're much more than that. Maybe she's right, I don't know. But if you are Prophets, and you're listening, I just want to say (A wind blows through the shrine and puts out her candles. Dukat beams in.) Dukat. (Dax goes for her phaser but Dukat stretches out his arm and the red Pah Wraith energy lifts her off the floor. Then he lets her drop. She lies very still. Dukat goes through the protective forcefield and takes hold of the Orb box. He opens it and the Pah wraith energy rushes into it. The orb turns from gleaming crystal to dull black. He screams and drops to his knees, no longer possessed. Outside the wormhole opens then collapses in on itself.) [Bridge] (Sisko staggers.) I'm sorry. Our baby would have been so beautiful. (Worf does the death scream.)
Julian, have you ever been on a Klingon ship? If you think the Defiant is cramped and uncomfortable, try spending a week on a bird of prey. Worf isn't exactly taking a luxury cruise. It's not quite that chaotic. The social and military hierarchy of a Klingon vessel's very strictly enforced. A subordinate can only challenge his direct superior and only under certain conditions. Dereliction of duty, dishonourable conduct, cowardice. It's been known to happen. The Klingons are as diverse a people as any. Some of them are strong, and some of them are weak. Decided not to wear the sash after all? How do you think the crew's going to feel about serving under a man without a House? I wasn't planning on having one. Yes. Oh, I'm coming with you. The Rotarran is short-handed and I still have four month's leave coming. I've already cleared it with Martok and Benjamin. I'm your new Science Officer. It's more fun this way. And after getting a good look at a couple members of the Rotarran's crew, I don't think we're going to be having a lot of fun on this mission. [Klingon Bridge] (The two Klingons are staring at Dax. She gets up and walks towards them.) Boo! (A red-headed female Klingon laughs.) I'm Jadzia Dax, Science Officer. Curzon was the last host for my symbiont. I carry his memories. Curzon was very taken with many people. Maybe you didn't read the crew roster, but my name is Dax, and I'm the new science officer on this garbage scow. You were in my seat. I'm glad we understand each other. Now get down to the other end where you belong. It's not very fresh. With a little bloodwine, it might be acceptable. Really? Then I'm glad I brought three barrels aboard before we left Deep Space Nine. Three to one are long odds. I'd say you did well just getting away with your ship in one piece. Does that include me? Worf is only part of the reason I'm here. I think it is an honour to serve under General Martok. I wouldn't let him hear you say that. On this trip, my bed is as empty as yours, Leskit. Except mine is empty by choice. (Everyone laughs.) You're really not much fun at parties are you, Kornan? They're conducting active polaron scans of this sector. It's likely they're on some kind of reconnaissance mission. I'd say there's less than a three percent chance of detection. Commander. (Worf and Dax whisper at her station.) That was a mistake. We shouldn't have let them go. To hell with prudence. This isn't a Federation starship, this is a Klingon bird of prey. We could have had an easy victory, and in case you haven't noticed, this crew could use a victory. I am an officer on this ship and I am trying to warn my superior that a dangerous situation is developing, and that he'd better do something about it. Take a good look around you, Commander. Maybe it's just me, but I think we're in trouble. [Klingon Ready room] That's enough. You're on duty in an hour and you should He's drunk, ignore him. Shut up, Leskit! That's enough! I had to take Ortakin to surgery. Kornan almost killed him. Because Leskit was drunk. No, you don't understand because you're too busy worrying about Martok while the crew is falling apart! Kornan needed to attack someone and he lost control. But this is only the beginning. This crew has lost half a dozen separate actions to the Jem'Hadar. The casualty list is as long as my arm. And now they're serving under a man who seems to have left behind more than just an eye in that prison camp. Look, I like Martok, but this crew needs a leader. Someone who'll remind them of their duty as soldiers of the Empire. And they need that leader right now, or I promise you they will explode. Time may be the one thing we don't have, Worf. What happened in that mess hall could happen all over this ship. And if you think the blood looks bad on my uniform, wait until the decks are dripping with it. [Klingon Bridge] Commander, I'm picking up a Klingon distress call. It's very faint but I might be able to. It's the B'Moth. They were attacked by the Jem'Hadar and lost main power. Heavy casualties, at least thirty survivors. In need of assistance. Emergency power's failing. The message repeats. The signal is coming from zero five five mark three four two. Distance at least seven light years. Is Ortakin your parMach'kai? I was still hoping there wasn't going to be any fighting. (Kornan enters.) I think I've got something. It's hard to make out through all the interference, but the thermal signature looks like a ship. It's bearing direct to starboard at an elevation of twenty five degrees. It's coming into visual range. Confirmed. They're five hundred thousand kellicams inside Cardassian territory, sir. They must have drifted across a couple of days ago. We can't just leave those men out there to die. So what are you going to do? I agree. But you realise he may not step aside willingly. Sometimes I think I know why I love you. Let's go to the Medical Ward. Now, we go below.
Is Quark? You found it? You think they were working with the Cardassians.
Dax to O'Brien. Can you spare a minute, Chief? I have a little problem here at the lab. Thanks for coming, Chief. Yes. First thing. It's fine. I forgot how different it was. Being female. I haven't been one for over eighty years. All this attention. Actually I find it quite enjoyable. What do you think? It's lovely. I almost hate to eat it. Isn't aphasia typically associated with some kind of cranial trauma? Did you check the medical library for any precedents? Yes, I'll I'm sorry, Benjamin. I'm unable to foolish assembled regal controlled weather. [Infirmary] Other support. Strong courage. (Dax puts the nurses hand on O'Brien's forehead)
It's some sort of time portal. From the chroniton signature, we think it sent Molly about three hundred years into the past. Odo contacted the Bajoran Archaeological Institute to see what he could find out. Well, first we have to find a way to reactivate the portal. It's been abandoned a long time and it was destabilised when Molly fell through. The problem is, we're not sure how this technology works. Something tells me you're right. We punch a transport scanning beam through the portal and then we try to lock on to Molly's DNA signature. That's the idea. (O'Brien gets one thing working, then a second which promptly goes bang!) Dax to O'Brien. The power convertor you asked me to reconfigure? It's ready to go online. Synchronised. We're as ready as we're ever going to be, Chief. The field's destabilising. Temporal field established. Hi. We have a little visitor. Come here. Well, I offered to watch him so that the O'Briens could spend time with Molly. I was going to run a spectral scan of that comet that's passing through the Denorias belt. But if I did that, who'd watch you? That's all right. I want to stay with him. There'll be other comets. Worf, that's very sweet, but let's face it. You're not very good with babies. That's different. He was four years old when he moved in with you. You didn't have to change diapers. Babies are a handful. I should know, I've had nine of them. I didn't say you can't. You're holding him wrong. All right, all right. I'm leaving. Is he all right? Did you change him? Did you feed him? Did you read him a story? Did you sing to him? Sounds like you tried everything. I'll take over from here. Worf, you're exhausted. Get some sleep. Talk about losing perspective. Listen to yourself. Why is this baby-sitting thing so important all of a sudden? What are you talking about? Who said anything about having children? Oh, what a day. I can't wait to get out of my uniform. Where's Kirayoshi? I thought you were going to watch him this afternoon. Worf, what's wrong? Is he all right? Thanks. You want to tell me what happened? It was an accident. It could have happened to anyone. Worf, I never questioned your fitness as a father. Don't put words into my mouth. Where are you going? Worf. Hi. You can come in, he's gone. I dropped him off at the O'Briens a few minutes ago. Oh, you should've seen his face when he saw his sister again. Yes, and they said not to worry about it. It isn't the first time he's bumped his head. They invited us for dinner tonight to thank us for watching him. Well, I told them that we had a holosuite reservation, and that I'd check you. By the way, what does gung gung gung mean? Well, it was the strangest thing. I was taking Yoshi home and he kept shaking his rattle, saying gung gung gung. He seemed to get a bit kick out of it. So what does it mean? Oh, I see. Well, you made a big impression on him. Maybe you're not as bad with children as you thought. All right, maybe I had my doubts. But I've never been happier to be proven wrong. Oh, we'd better get going if we're going to make that holosuite reservation. We wouldn't want to do that. Over and over again. [O'Brien's quarters] (Molly is colouring.)
Best poker player in the fleet, next to me. That's just an excuse to get Benjamin in a game. Mitsuya cleaned him out last year. We'd better hail the Rio Grande and get them back this way. I've worked two lifetimes on Benjamin's poker. He just can't learn how to bluff. I know. You'd think a man like Benjamin The Rio Grande's been spotted. The details are coming in from Starfleet. The Romulan vessel Gasko reported seeing an abandoned runabout. Markings NCC seven two four five two. Travelling at warp two through sector four zero one. Command wants to know if we can send someone to investigate. I already have. We're picking up a ship ahead. It's the Rio Grande, moving at warp one point three. Like hell you will. At warp, I wouldn't be in such a hurry to volunteer. I'm the science officer. It's my job to have a better idea. Trying an old rope trick I learned on Earth once. A very talented Hopi I knew did things with a rope you wouldn't believe. It's an old West American artform. With a tractor beam. If the ship assembly teams back in the yards did their jobs really well, we'll probably make it. If they had an off day, we're going to have a problem. But it's our best shot. Unless, a as ranking officer, you have a better idea. Engaging impulse engines. (Everything shakes and rattles until they drop out of warp) Remind me to send a thank you note to the assembly teams. But the logs have been erased. Someone else must have been here. I think they were trying to destroy it. The hull's been exposed to high temperatures and intense gamma radiation. If we retrace the Rio Grande's course it takes us right back to Orellius Minor. There's only one way this ship could be coming straight from Orellius Minor and that's if someone tried to destroy the ship by flying it into the star. If the trajectory had been slightly off, the star's gravity flux would have deflected it in a new direction. Computer, send a tractor beam to the Orinoco. Prepare for a warp tow. With a little luck, we'll be able to find the warp signature the engines left when they were fired up.
Wife problems, Chief? I've been a husband and I've been a wife, and I know that look from both sides. Come on. This is where we make a graceful exit, and let the boys talk amongst themselves.
Confront. (It's the after-hours tongo game, and Dax has won) It's the ears every time he goes to acquire he scratches behind his left ear like this. (And she scratches behind Quark's ear.) Oh. You're not supposed to be here till tomorrow. Really. Shame on you, Quark. Where are your manners. This is a Trill initiate you're speaking to. Of course he doesn't play Tongo. So, we'll have to teach him. Oh, of course, you're tired. I'll take you to your quarters. Roll me away, fellas. They're just sore losers. Is that Arjin? (Dax is dressed in a towel, combing her hair) You're early again, Arjin. We're going to have to work on that. Don't be silly. Come in. I'll only be a minute. It always takes me longer to get ready as a female. When's my rematch? It was fun. Brutal, but fun. Safe trip. [Dax's quarters] The replicator makes a decent citrus blend. Would you get me a Black Hole? (Dax goes into her bedroom) A Black Hole. It's a Ferengi drink. A bartender I've known for a hundred years introduced it to Curzon. Or was it Lela? Well, it was ages ago. Try one. You might like it. Oh, my muscles are so sore. Did you ever wrestle Galeo-Manada style, Arjin? (Arjin gives the drink a tentative sniff) You should. It's a great way to start the day. It makes you more alert. I'll set you up with Trajok. He's a great coach. Better. So, you don't play Tongo, you don't wrestle. What are we going to do while you're here? I know all about field training. Jadzia just went through it a few years ago. Arjin, if you truly want to become a Trill host someday, you'll never call me ma'am again Why don't you try Jadzia. Oh, I'm sure it isn't appropriate at all. But then, I hate to be appropriate. [Ops] (O'Brien is down in a conduit, and bumping his head.) Benjamin, I'd like you to meet Arjin, the host candidate I told you about. Commander Benjamin Sisko. And that's our first officer Major Kira, and Chief Engineer O'Brien. Conducting repairs? Really? I've never seen a Cardassian vole. That was Curzon Dax. (Zap! Eeek.) Gotcha! Arjin, here. (Voles are big, half a metre excluding tail, with gargoyle faces and tufts of hair) [Runabout Mekong] (WHOOSH) (Flying through the wormhole) Spectacular, isn't it? Computer, play something by Frenchotte. A self-exiled Romulan. I collect forgotten composers. Feel like taking the controls? These things practically fly themselves. You have third level flight experience, don't you? Fifth! I didn't finish third level until You've been studying up on me, Arjin. I can't say that I blame you. I did the same thing when I found who my field docent was going to be. Nauseous might be the best description. Tips? Look, let's get one thing straight. I'm not Curzon or Lela or any of the others. I'm Jadzia Dax, and Jadzia's only a few years older than you are. You're her first initiate. To be honest, in a lot of ways, I still feel like an initiate myself. I still can remember the pressure of the competition when Jadzia was going through it and I'm not going to make this difficult for you. You don't have to impress me, okay? Okay. I didn't. Curzon recommended that my initiate period be terminated. (Whump!) I got it! Engaging manual stabilisers. Shutting down all engines. Computer, analyse stability loss. Nature of interphase pocket. Damage report. Looks like we snagged something from the subspace pocket. Computer, identify mass on the starboard nacelle. Our power reserves are gone we could use a tow. Not exactly sure. We picked up some kind of subspace seaweed on our starboard nacelle. We couldn't get rid of it without causing further damage. Set up a containment chamber in the science lab for me, would you, Chief? When we get this thing untangled, I'd like to study it under controlled conditions. Morning'll be fine. That'll give Arjin and me a little time to recoup. Mekong out. [Runabout Mekong] Come on. I'll take you to dinner. [Klingon restaurant] (The Chef is singing very nicely and accompanying himself on a small hand accordion.) Doko doko. Un koliay Trill You haven't touched your racht. No, you've been moved it around your plate to make it look like you've touched it. Arjin, if this didn't appeal to you, why didn't you say something? Speak up for yourself while you're here, okay? So, who sponsored you for the programme? Was he Joined? I see where you got your flight skills. Did he want you to enter Starfleet after Joining? To put your flight training to good use? And what about your goals? The symbiont's influence is very strong, Arjin, but you're the host. You've got to be strong enough to balance that influence with your own instincts. If you can't, the symbiont will overwhelm your personality. [Ops] Got me. It's from Julian. He called it the solution you've been looking for. Did you take a look at it? We did as much analysis on the runabout as we could. None of the matter would scan. We'll do more tests tomorrow. Fine. He's a good pilot. What? What look? Not because of me. I have my doubts. I'm not sure what he brings as a host, how he'll advance the symbiont to the next level. Frankly, he's more than a little arrogant, Benjamin. Okay, for a Trill, that's to be expected. Check. But he's riding his father's ambitions and he doesn't have any idea what he'd do with a symbiont if he got one. It's not my job to confront him. My job is to show him what it's like to function as a Joined Trill. That's all. I can show you the guidelines. They're very clear. Who am I to confront him? Yes, but I'm not Curzon Dax. And I won't do to him what Curzon did to me You don't know what he did to me. No thanks to him. Not as far as I can tell, but I can't tell you a lot yet. Arjin, how's your astrophysics profile. Set me up a gravimetric microprobe. I need to calibrate the energy profile. I think you expressed yourself very clearly. Starfleet's a career. A pilot's a job. What does that have to do with being Joined. No, I don't think you do. I think you're telling me what I want to hear. I think you went to your quarters last night and you tossed and turned in bed because you knew some of the things you said to me concerned me. And now you're trying to fix it. I know what it's like. I've tossed and turned myself. Please don't insult me by denying it. Let's run a phase variant analysis. I'm worried about you, Arjin. I'm worried you're not preparing yourself for being Joined. I didn't say that. Look, you've gotten this far by anticipating every demand of the programme and performing above everyone's expectations, am I right? And I'm telling you from this point on that's not going to be good enough. (analysis results) Highly structured, but it doesn't seem to conform to any of our physical laws. Computer, run a spectral line profile analysis. I understand why you feel that way. But this isn't about me. This is about the standards for Trill hosts. The opportunity is too rare and too important to waste on the wrong candidate. I don't know that yet. But I felt it only fair to let you know I am worried about you. I was finally able to read the EM flux. There are high plasma concentrations and a rapidly expanding mass. The energy buildup is already straining the containment chamber. On top of that, the mass periodically undergoes phased expansions, and grows in spurts. It's a very specific growth pattern that the computer recognised. The expansion patterns of a universe. What we have here, Benjamin, is a proto-universe in its earliest stages of formation. Unfortunately, as it grows, it's displacing our own universe. This has turned into an energy mass with properties that don't conform to our own laws of nature. I have no idea what might happen if we tried to move it, let alone take it back into the wormhole. Even if we get there, the wormhole's verteron nodes would probably interact with the energy fluctuations of the proto-universe, causing a devastating reaction. It could threaten this whole system. Not without destroying it. We can create a forcefield that will contain it. If we can suppress it long enough, the feedback pressure should create an implosive wave. It would self-destruct. About three hours. The collateral shock waves will probably destroy the lab. Computer, confirm the localised entropy decrease in the energy mass. How much have the readings decreased in the last hour? This can't be right. The whole thermodynamic structure would have to be changing. Activate a quantometer probe. Verify filter calibration. Set energy flux resolution to point one microdyne. Begin high resolution energy scans. There must be a malfunction in the sensors. Computer, run a self-diagnostic and check quantometer calibration. Are there any feedback anomalies in the dynametric array? What's the feedback reading? I'm already out, Benjamin, but I'm not sure you're going to want to do this now. I've found indications of life in the proto-universe. (After the break) Non-random thermodynamics. Irregular power consumption. The computer's confirmed that these are lifesigns. Kira, we could very well be dealing with intelligent life here. Roughly five hours. About three hundred percent. We'll lose a whole section of the station. By tomorrow, the station will be gone. What's so interesting in there? I wouldn't trust a glass of synthale to tell you the future. You don't know me as well as you think you do. I'm sure you looked at all the training profiles, but that doesn't tell you who Jadzia really was before she was Joined. She was the quietest, shyest, most withdrawn young woman you've ever known. Brilliant, top grades, and not a clue to what life was about. She'd never lived outside the programme and it didn't matter because she was sailing through it, until she met Curzon Dax. Curzon sized her up in about twenty seconds and made the next two weeks the most miserable of her life. She cried herself to sleep every night. She hated him for it. But when the field training was over and she learned about Curzon's recommendation to terminate her from the programme, she went back a different woman. She found her voice and reapplied. She tore through the programme with a passion, a vengeance. And in the end the administrators chose her for Joining. When I found out Curzon was dying, I requested the Dax symbiont. No. And I've never been sure quite why, except as I've come to know Curzon's dark sense of humour, I have a feeling the irony might have appealed to him. Jadzia Dax is not Curzon Dax, but I am Dax and I'm slowly coming to terms with what that means to me. Sometimes it means gambling or wrestling. Sometimes it means waking up an initiate before he slides into the middle of the pack and gets overlooked. You are the only one who can give yourself another chance. You can't simply do this anymore to meet other people's expectations. Not your father's, not your teachers', not mine. You've got to discover what Arjin wants out of life, out of Joining. I want to be sure the containment field can block out any verteron node radiation as we pass through it. About two hours? Wouldn't hurt to have a level five pilot along. [Ops] (The runabout is hovering by the hull breaches) Systems check complete. Auxiliary power to shields. I'd say we're packed and ready to go, Benjamin. Chief, we're getting a phase variation here. [Ops] We've got it now. [Ops] Take us out gently, Arjin. Take us to fifty kph. Hold at fifty kph. [Ops] A short cross to the other side and we're home free. Rio Grande to Ops. Comm. links will terminate in five seconds. [Ops] See you later. (WHOOSH) Containment field stability is down to eighty five percent. Every time we pass through a verteron node, there's resonance leakage from the energy mass. We'll never make it. Field stability is down to sixty five percent and falling. We've got to kill our forward acceleration now. Thirty eight percent stability. Still falling. Twenty six percent. It's stabilising. The containment field is at twenty seven percent, twenty six percent and holding. (There are big round objects all around them.) Well, we can't stay here. In forty two minutes, that energy mass expands and once it intersects with one of those verteron nodes, they'll feel the result on the Cardassian homeworld I guess we'll just have to let it fail. Then we'll have to avoid them. Until now. I'm a level three pilot, You're level five. I'll do it if I have to but I don't have time to argue. Understood. Computer, calibrate internal scanners to detect verteron radiation in the cabin. Activate sonic indicators. Verteron levels are well within safe limits. Thrusters ready. Velocity is forty metres per second. Sixty seconds to Gamma. Node to starboard bearing zero three seven mark seven. Forty five seconds to Gamma. Node to port, bearing zero three zero mark five one. Thirty five seconds to Gamma. Verteron levels are still okay. Reading a passage. Adjust heading to one three one mark four seven. Sensors say it's directly ahead. Hold your course. This ship is only fourteen metres wide. That gives you over two metres to work with. Verteron levels are red-lining. Five seconds to Gamma. (Swoop around the nodes and WHOOSH) This is going to look very good on your initiate record, Arjin. Now, lets get this thing back where it belongs. [Promenade] (Coming out of the airlock) That was the first time you were being honest with me. And I'm none of those things. I'm nothing like I expected. Life after life, with each new personality stampeding around in your head, you get desires that scare you, dreams that used to belong to someone else. I wouldn't recommend it for everyone but in time I might recommend it for you. When you're ready. Good luck. (Arjin leaves through another airlock.) I'm not Curzon. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Magma pressures remain constant. Anyway, so there I was, sitting in Quark's, when Morn just comes over and invites me for dinner. Grid square twelve-delta reads clear of life forms. Beginning scan of grid square fifteen delta. I told him I was busy. But you know those seven or eight little wiry hairs that come out of his forehead? They make him look kind of cute. That's odd. Sensors read a humanoid presence in fifteen delta. Could be one of the project thermologists. Look for yourself. Ready to transport. This is Dax. Are you all right? Enjoy supper. Dax out. I'm glad you finally made it back. I was getting worried about you. I think Minister Toran is in there with him.
Do you need me, Julian? There are different ways to recognise someone. The rhythm of their steps, for example. Julian, you and I have to have a talk about Trills and relationships. Julian. An Altonian brain teaser. A puzzle. It responds to neural theta waves. The goal is to turn the sphere into a solid colour. That's all. I've been trying to master it on and off for, oh, a hundred and forty years. Would you care to try? Just sit comfortably, and release your tension into my hands. Dax strokes his head) It's a peculiarity of the Trill. Concentrate on the sphere. Clear your mind. This requires focus and clarity of thought. Focus and clarity of thought. I'm going to release it to you now, okay? Computer, transfer control to second player. (The sphere goes kaleidoscope then disappears) I think your mind is still a little busy, Julian. Sorry. Perhaps another time. Maybe you'd like to try again. Just steamed azna. If you'd listen to me, you would eat steamed azna too. All the time. Steamed azna will put years on your life. You must miss Curzon, too. This happens to Trills, Benjamin. Sometimes, our friendships with other species don't survive because of the change. I suggest you that allow yourself to be comfortable with your discomfort. Time can do the rest. What are you talking about, Julian? Julian, Trills do not look for romance the way humans do. In fact, we find it quite a nuisance. It's a weakness of the young, and although a Trill host may have these feelings occasionally, it is our wish to live on a higher plane, to try to rise above these kinds of temptations. Julian. There were no new DNA traces found in the holosuite. Even if he's innocent, it could still seem like a conflict of interest, Kira. Aren't those DNA patterns humanoid, Julian? No, thank you. Major Kira's waiting for my report. [Quark's] Julian, look at this. It's definitely humanoid. A clone has identical DNA to that of the donor, but certain cloning methods cause a characteristic gene-sequence degradation which can be detected.
Thank you, Quark. Thanks. (Dax leaves) The deuridium. The Federation's been working to supply them with deuridium, but even the new deposits from the Gamma Quadrant aren't enough to service the whole population. It's so scarce that some of the Kobliad have gone underground to get it. Exactly. Vantika has been the focus of Kajada's attention for most of her adult life. In a way, they were as intimately connected as any two beings could be. But how would he gain access? I'm showing an unauthorised tap into the computer system. A temperature control panel, Level twenty one, section ten. I'm not exactly sure yet. I finished the sweep of Kajada's ship. No anomalous readings, but I did notice one odd thing. Somebody tried to break into the ship's cargo bay. Kira confirmed that there was no damage to the cargo area when they brought it in. This, maybe. I found it in Vantika's personal belongings. (She puts a computer chip into a reader) A map of the humanoid brain. [Quark's cafe] (Upstairs after hours, as the minions clean downstairs, Quark is on his hands and knees.) Dax to Bashir. I need some medical advice. Can you come to my lab? Here's the hypothesis. The body dies, the consciousness lives on. Possible? I'm convinced Vantika was working on it. There are over seventy different computer simulations in his file. All involve identifying neural energy patterns and storing them in different areas of the brain. What if another entity shared the unused portion? They're both Kobliad. What better place to hide than in the mind of your worst enemy? [Commander's office] We're not suggesting he's controlling her. Like a stowaway on a ship. The pilot's at the helm, but someone else is along for the ride. What do we tell her? Not yet. Confirmation of a theory, I hope. I've been asking myself, why would anyone induct a bioelectrical charge into a glial cell? Well, it might make sense if you wanted to send a bio-coded message along the glial cells of someone's nervous system all the way to the brain. My guess is that's what Vantika was trying to do. Frankly, I can't think of another way he could have delivered the bio-coded message. He must have used a very weak electrical charge, or the sensors on Kajada's ship would have detected it. Ideally, he would have injected the coded message directly into his victim's skin but there were no hyposprays or needles anywhere on the ship. (The virtual positron imaging scan finds something in the scrapings) A microscopic generator. His neural patterns encoded as bioelectrical pulses. He could have placed that device under his nail months ago, just in case he needed an escape route in an emergency. His last resort before death. Now that we know what we're looking for, we should be able to confirm it with a glial scan. Julian? Computer, location of Doctor Bashir. Benjamin, Julian's missing. His comm. badge was in the Infirmary. I can't find him anywhere. I have an exact model of Vantika's neural energy patterns. If I can design an electromagnetic pulse to disrupt those patterns, Julian might emerge. We still need a way to get it there. The pulse would resonate off the shields and create a reflected EM field inside the ship. I need some time. Ready. I've programmed this transporter to isolate any glial cells with Vantika's neural patterns and to beam them from Julian into this micro-containment field. Once they're out he should be back to normal. (The container starts blinking) I'm only reading human neural patterns. He's clear. (Dax gives Bashir a hypo to wake him) What do you intend to do with it?
Commander, we're being hailed by the Lakota. They're ordering us to drop out of warp, and prepare to be boarded. Port shields are at sixty percent. Do we make a run for it? No answer. (Boom, and a crewman is down.) Shields are almost gone. We have major systems failures on decks one, three and four. Commander, they're hailing us.
You remember the words? It isn't that bad, is it, being the Emissary? A few ceremonies, an occasional blessing. Really? I think I'd like it. From these readings I'd say that ship's about three hundred years old. There's someone on board. A Bajoran. Whoever's in there could be injured. Really? Go on. Not literally, but they did help you get your life back together. Benjamin, I thought you didn't believe in the prophecies. Then why are you using them to justify giving up your position? So your mind's made up. You're going to step aside. How do you know the Bajorans will accept Akorem as their new Emissary? So you're off the hook. How does it feel?
You didn't engage the pumps while the check valves were open? Remind me to keep you away from the Defiant. You're a menace. Why not? Worf, let's do it here. This week, before Alexander leaves. We did, but I would hate for Alexander to miss his father's wedding. It would mean so much to him, and besides, it may be a long time before you see him again. (Alexander returns with the drinks.) Sword-bearer. It's sort of like a best man. it doesn't leave much time to make all the arrangements, but fortunately there isn't that much left to do. Worf's been planning the ceremony for the last three months. He has everything figured out, right down to the colour of my shoes. A traditional Klingon wedding with all the trimmings is something Worf's been thinking about since he was a boy. It probably has something to do with being raised by human parents. In any case, when it comes to Klingon tradition, Worf is very sentimental. All men are sentimental. They just cover it up with scowls and clenched jaws. There are times when Worf literally gets misty-eyed talking about Klingon rituals. [Corridor] Mostly, but the truth is, I've gone through five Trill ceremonies three as a bride, two as a groom, and I'm a little bored with it. (Odo swerves down a side corridor.) Is it my imagination, or did Odo just try and avoid us? What do you mean? Yes, Worf. I travelled to Kronos, I captured three targs in the Hamar Mountains, made the ritual sacrifice at dawn, came back to the station, asked Quark to boil their shoulders into tallow. Then I spent two days molding them into candles with my own hands. You were criticising. Again. Relax. She's not going to reject a prospective daughter because the var'Hama candles in her welcoming display were replicated. (Doorbell) Come in. (Sirella enters.) Tuq son bosh mok A'Beh Sirella koh. E'Gagh vet moh. I am prepared, my lady. I like a challenge. That's not what I meant. Al'Qoch mensah t'lang cho. (She puts them down onto pedestals.) I've done it three times already. Do you know how heavy those things are? You wouldn't make a Klingon woman do it three times in a row. Ko'ma tlang'goS ak-bay. Hava'dak croosh tovah. Ko'ma Kahless. Ko'ma Kahless. Ko'ma Kahless. (Much later, with the fake candles burning on the table.) But the second Dynasty ended when General K'Trelan assassinated Emperor Reclaw. For the next ten years, the Empire was ruled by a Council elected by the people. Modern-day Klingon historians refer to this as The Dark Time, but it's interesting to note that this first and only experiment in Klingon democracy actually produced several reforms that Am I? I just thought I'd provide you with a broader historical perspective along the way. Well, that's where we run into a little bit of a problem. You see, I did some research and when Emperor Reclaw was killed all the members of the Imperial Family were also put to death. Including Shenara. When the Third Dynasty was founded ten years later, a new group of Klingons were given the titles and the names of the original Imperial Family to create the illusion of an unbroken line. So the woman that you think of as your twenty third maternal grandmother isn't related to you at all. Your real ancestor's name was Karana, a concubine living outside the Imperial stables. That may be what's been passed down from generation to generation, but it has no basis in fact. But who cares about facts? The chronicle says that you have imperial blood in your veins and that's exactly what we'll telling everyone. My pleasure. [Promenade] Lieutenant Manuele Atoa from the starship Sutherland! Thanks for the show. Captain Shelby owed me a favour. Actually, he owed me several. In fact, how would you like to have another two days off? Not much. Just give me something fun to look at for the rest of the evening. I'll let you know. I'll take care of this. You weren't invited. I'm busy. I'm only going to ask you to leave once. Toruk-DOH! (Sirella draws her dagger but Dax disarms her and hits her.) Why is everyone standing around? The party's just getting started. Play something. (Dax dances with Nog as Quark and Jake look at each other. Next morning, Dax steps carefully over the wreckage.) Double raktajino, extra sweet. (Atoa and Morn are behind a couch.) Ten thirty hours. Wrong door. (Atoa and Morn totter to the main door. It opens to reveal Worf.) You're mad. Yeah, well, I'm hung over. Can we talk later? She doesn't waste any time, does she? She pulled a knife. [Dax's bedroom] So I won't get invited to the family picnics. I'll live. Do you hear that? It sounds like voices. (She opens her closet to reveal) Hi. You could say that. It's ten thirty. Thanks. (Kira and Odo leave. Dax goes back to bed.) Stop yelling. My head hurts. I don't beg. Look who's talking. You want me to go crawling to some old hag just so you can have your traditional Klingon wedding. Maybe you're on a spiritual journey, Worf, but I just want to get married. So why don't you go back to sweating and bleeding with your friends in the holosuite and when you're done, meet me in Benjamin's office and he'll perform the ceremony. That's fine with me. [Quark's] (The Klingon stuff is being taken down.) Come in. Save your breath. Worf went too far and now it's over. Do you know what he wanted me to do? He wanted me to go crawling on my hands and knees to Sirella to beg her forgiveness. Beg her! Me! I was once the Federation Ambassador to the Klingon Empire. I negotiated the Khitomer Accords before Worf was even born. And what the hell is that supposed to mean? This is Worf's fault. Worf and his traditional Klingon wedding. I wasn't looking to fall in love. I was perfectly happy by myself. I had friends, a career, adventure. Then one day this Klingon with a bad attitude walked into my life and the next thing I know, I'm getting married. After three hundred fifty six years and seven lifetimes, I still lead with my heart. Whatever happened to that young, callow Ensign I used to know? The one who used to turn to me for advice all the time? You know, the one with hair? I guess it's time I grew up, too. [Quark's] (The decorations are back and kettledrums are booming from the upper level. The lighting is deep red. Sirella walks onto a stage lit by four braziers.) If we join together, no force can stop us. (They give the bat'leths back to Alexander.) Yes. I swear. My lady.
He's a Ferengi. You can't blame him for hedging his bets. But it is a lot of yamok sauce. What is a yamok, anyway? Major? Dump it. Would you mind telling me what's going on? You and Odo. You've been avoiding each other for weeks. Those are the best kind. What kind of feelings? Since when? That explains a lot. Not really. It just seemed like the right thing to say. I had no idea. Dax here. And the Bajorans are still talking to them? Not good enough. Dominion ships can wait at the mouth of the wormhole and pick them off one by one. Cloaking doesn't always work against the Dominion. Mines that small don't have a lot of power. It would take dozens of them to disable a warship. We'd run out of mines before they ran out of ships. Rom, are you here? Not for another two weeks. And in the meantime, we have work to do. Self-replication? Rom, I think you're on to something. No matter how many the Jem'Hadar destroy, there'd always be more. I'd better go talk to Sisko. We need more time. We'll do all we can. Dax out. Benjamin [Bridge] I know what you're going to say, but we've got at least another hour of work before we can activate the minefield. Then I hope you can buy us some more time. Dax out. Dax to O'Brien. [Defiant Launch bay] Chief? How much longer? Helm, set course (BOOM. Three more ships bearing down on them.) Chief, I'm going to have to take evasive [Defiant Launch bay] Manoeuvres. And if I don't, we may not have a ship left. (A ship appears out of nowhere. KaBOOM) Who says there's never a Klingon around when you need one? [Ops] Defiant to Captain Sisko. We've set the last mine. [Ops] Yes, sir. Dax out. (The little bombs vanish.) [Jem'Hadar battleship] Worf. I heard you're not coming with us. That you've been assigned to Martok's ship. Worf, we might never see each other again. I've been through my share of wars. I know what I have to do. But before you leave, I want you to know that the answer is yes. Yes, I will marry you. That's what you've wanted from the very beginning, isn't it? Then as soon as this is over, we'll get married. And if that doesn't give you a reason to survive, I don't know what will. (Dax kisses him and leaves.) [Promenade] (Sisko is in front of the Temple, addressing the residents, including Morn, Quark, Odo, Kira and assorted aliens.) Dax to Sisko. The Dominion fleet is coming around for another attack. Aye, Captain. We should rendezvous with the Federation task force in forty eight hours.
Power balance levels are reading normal. I was a champion window breaker. On a dark night with a few rocks, I was deadly. We're being hailed by an incoming freighter. Dax to Infirmary. A Kobheerian transport's about to beam a patient to you. He's suffering from something called Kalla-Nohra. What are you looking for? Found any yet? Are you worried that maybe he's right? Even if he is just a file clerk? You want him to be guilty. It sounds like you're trying too hard to believe what you're saying. You already know if you punish him without reason, it won't mean anything. And you already know vengeance isn't enough. [Ops] I've got it. Let's see. According to the caption, he's the one in the background on the far right. Give me a minute. I'm running an image enhancement sequence. Background, far right, Aamin Marritza. Not according to the caption. According to this, it's Gul Darhe'el. [Holding cell] (in the interests of consistency, I'll keep the original character name, also just in case there's a double bluff later) Dax to Odo. Gul Dukat is responding to your subspace transmission. Aye, sir. [Security office]
Can you tell what's wrong with it? I know that, but why is it sick? Keiko's at a hydroponics conference on Rigel Four. She won't be back for a week. Daxes have never been much on gardening. Tobin was the only one who ever tried his hand at it, but he had even less luck with plants than he did with women. I picked it up on Ledonia Three. Be my guest. (He uses the computer console to download his scans) Keiko would be proud of you. Did Chief O'Brien dislocate his shoulder again? Maybe he just doesn't like going to see the doctor. It sounds like you're taking this personally. Why should he? It's not like you two are really friends. Exactly.
Do the words needle in a haystack mean anything to you? We would have stayed longer, but we had a hard time avoiding the Jem'Hadar patrols. Even though we were cloaked, they were still able to track us. It's like a Ligorian mastodon moving through the forest. You may not be able to see it, but it definitely makes the leaves rustle. Ops to Major Kira. There's an incoming transmission from Captain Sisko. I'll say this for him, he was a complicated man. If you ask me, Eddington couldn't have picked a better way to go, at least from his point of view. He was a romantic, and what is more romantic than a glorious death in defence of a lost cause. Is that what this is? The end of the Maquis? You almost sound hopeful. Maybe you have more in common with Eddington than you want to admit. Good night, Benjamin. Get some rest. (Dax leaves, Sisko goes to the window and stares at the stars. The Delta Quadrant, where the last of the Maquis are?)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Curzon would've been proud of you, but not as proud as I am. So, have you told her yet? Captain Yates. About your promotion. She's hauling a load of duridium ore to Solais Five. You could probably contact her on subspace. When's she due back on the station? A month! [Corridor] There's nothing worse than a long-distance relationship. I think the exact figure is three times. And? That you miss her. That you can't wait to see her. I don't know. Anything. Kira, O'Brien, Bashir, they're all dying of curiosity and, well, I have to tell them something. You do like her. [Bridge] Helm ready. Docking clamps released. Clearing the station. Aye, aye, Captain. I can't get a message out either. It's spreading through the system like some kind of parasite. A forcefield. Where are we going? We've got forty seven people on board. Theoretically, anyone of them could've planted those devices. Are you accusing Julian of sabotage? Wait. I think I have a better idea. [Bridge] We found one of the devices planted in the warp plasma conduit. Which means whoever put it there would've been exposed to trace amounts of tetryon particles. O'Brien and I already scanned positive, since we opened up the warp core controls during our investigation. You're clean. You're okay, too. Julian. Ambassador, if you please. Captain. The helm isn't responding. We're still at warp. The ship's no longer under our control. [Mess hall] Not at all.
Dax to Sisko. Benjamin, there's a priority message for you from the Bajoran Provisional government. I think I'll stick to tongo from now on. I think he knows that, Julian. Shhh.
I haven't seen one of these in three hundred years. I'm surprised it was even on file in the replicator's data bank. She really uses one like this? Can't we just use the transporter to help her get around? I wonder why. You make it sound as though you've known her for years. Welcome to DS Nine, Ensign. I'm Chief Science Officer Jadzia Dax, and this Can I help? I'll be accompanying you on your survey mission. Commander Sisko thought that it Commander Sisko wouldn't allow any Ensign take a runabout into the Gamma Quadrant the day after she arrives. I've gone through her mission profile and she certainly seems to know what she's doing. Julian knows more of your capabilities than any of us. Your schedule is fine with me. Dax to Pazlar. Computer, level one security access. [Melora's quarters] Ensign Pazlar? Computer, locate Ensign Melora Pazlar. Section fourteen? [Corridor] (Melora's wheelchair is stopped by a doorway without a ramp. Melora has fallen and her assist-bands are making her legs flail around.) We need to get you to the Infirmary. Dax to Bashir. Ensign Pazlar's had a minor accident. We need to see you in the Infirmary. Confirmed. Delvok never seems a Vulcan to me. There's too much emotion in his music. I think so. Now and then. Oh, really work. Well, for that I'd have to go back a hundred and fifty years. Could it be that Doctor Bashir's bedside manner's won you over? Since when has that ever stopped anybody? I knew a hydrogen-breathing Lothra who fell hopelessly in love with an Oxygene. Forty minutes a day without their breathing apparatus, that's all. Fifty seven years they were together. Subspace relationships? That's a tough one. Love across light years, it's just so You could say that. Look at the alternative. Julian, how did you?  The Little Mermaid. It's an Earth fable by Hans Christian Andersen. She trades her magical life under the sea for a pair of legs to walk on land. I'm sure Julian will understand. Besides, he can still publish the results from your first treatments. (Quark and Kot come round the corner) She's an Elaysian. She's needs motor support in our gravity. [Ops] They've locked on to us with a tractor beam. They've released us. I'm not sure. Another ship coming through the wormhole. (Melora is waking from the stun) We haven't even set a course yet. If we don't set a course, we could warp ourselves into oblivion. I'm not going to fire at them. Fine. Then I hope you can fly this ship. Quark, how well do you know this man? I suggest you explain to him that Starfleet isn't going to give up and stop chasing us.
Actually, one of my previous hosts used to dabble in the sleight of hand. That's right. Wrong again. On my way, Benjamin. Don't worry, Quark. You'll figure it out eventually. (She stares at Quark) No wonder you can't figure it out. (Dax pulls a strip of latinum out of Quark's ear) Your head's full of latinum. It sounds interesting. Lenara Kahn? Am I that dispensable around here? No. I'll stay. I can handle it. I'm sure. I've never let my past lives interfere with my job and I'm not going to start now. I'll be fine. But thank you for giving me the option. It's been a long time. I know her. She used to be my wife. [Quark's] Come in. You're never going to let me forget that, are you? Three months. I know. You know how I hate to miss a party. I know. And I appreciate what you're trying to do, but I'm going to be working with Lenara for the next week. I have to get used to being around her. Stop worrying about me, Benjamin. I'll be fine. (Dax puts her comm. badge onto her dress uniform, and Sisko turns it the right way up.) [Wardroom] (It's time for the toasts.) Mmm-hmm. Hasperat. No, hasperat. Moba fruit and veklava. Neither am I. Quite an audience. We could get into a screaming match and start throwing things at each other. Doctor Pren would probably have a heart attack. I know the feeling. I agree completely. It'll be fine. I know. I guess we'll probably have to get used to it. My pleasure, Doctor Kahn. (Lenara walks away, then they both turn and their eyes meet...) [Engine room] I think we'd better use the main computer, Chief. I don't think the engineering computer can handle it. If you'll follow me, I'll take you up to the bridge and we can begin downloading the data. The backup navigation programme is still showing some calibration drift. I think some data may have been lost in the startup routine. I'll have someone bring it here. Don't panic yet. It could just be transtater failure. It happens all the time. It's just an expression. Sorry. Well, Torias used to be insensitive at times. But you have to admit, Nilani did do her share of overreacting. I know what you mean. Let's try running the transtater diagnostic again. Nilani wasn't panicking the day before Torias died. No. Torias should have listened to her. The shuttle was not ready for a full impulse test, but Torias had to do it anyway. And he was wrong. And whatever part of me is still Torias is very sorry and wishes he'd listened to you. Well, we have a lot of work to do. Would you be interested in dinner? I mean, I'm having dinner with some friends and I thought you might like to go along. It's actually not that big of a group. It's just me and Julian. Great. At Quark's. Cancel them. I mean, if you can cancel them that would be really nice. Because I invited Lenara out for dinner and Exactly. Will you do it? Twenty two hundred at Quark's. Thank you. I owe you one. [Quark's cafe] (Dax and Lenara are talking and not eating, Bashir is bored rigid and has finished his meal.) No, it didn't have a red awning. It had a big ratana tree or something out front. Yes! That's it. He sort of set fire to it. All right, he set fire to it. But it wasn't deliberate. It was part of a bet. But that's another story. He liked to do things his own way. He used to say there was an exception to every rule, and he usually went out of his way to find it. No, he wasn't that bad really. I tend to exaggerate his rebellious qualities. But you may have a point. Curzon never had much use for scientists. Curzon would be horrified to know that I'm a scientist. The very idea of doing research made him ill. The irony is, you and I have more in common than Torias and Nilani ever did. That's all right. Thanks for coming. I think he enjoyed himself. Maybe not. I'll make it up to him. (re earrings) Those are Klingon, aren't they? They're beautiful. Thanks. (Dax holds one up to her ear.) Well? I know. Every time I start to think of you as just Lenara, you'll smile or laugh and suddenly it's you. (They hold hands) I'm really glad you're here. No ships in sensor range. This AQF sequencer, it's always causing me problems. (We switch to the other side of the Bridge and see Dax and Lenara flirting but can't make out their words.) The drone is standing by. The drone is sending out the magneton pulse. It's reached the matrix. The magneton pulse is causing a feedback loop. It'll destroy the drone in a few seconds. The drone's been destroyed. But you did it. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. [Replimat] Come in. What's wrong? Oh. And what did you tell him? Well then, that should settle that. Maybe we shouldn't see each other. It'll just give people the wrong idea. I don't think we should have this conversation. No, but it would be easier. That's true. But in this case, I'm not the only one involved. I don't want to do anything to hurt you. I did that before. I climbed into a shuttlecraft and I made you a widow. And what about now? Are your eyes open? Do you know what the risks are? Shh. I've missed you. I've missed you so much. (Finally, they kiss.) Yeah. [Captain's office] I don't know what to do, Benjamin. Throw myself at her. Profess my undying love and my complete disregard for Trill society. A joke Lenara made at the reception. Doesn't sound so funny anymore, does it? You don't think I should pursue this, do you. Okay. Why? I know what Curzon used to say, and I'm not Curzon. I didn't come here to hear a lecture about my responsibilities. You're right. I'm sorry. I know that and I believe in that. But I also know I love her, Benjamin. You're right. I need to be sure. I've lived seven lifetimes and I have never had a friend quite like you. [Bridge] Subspace field stress is within normal parameters. Subspace field stress is up by fifteen percent. but still within safety margins. No helm control. There's a hull breach on deck five. Emergency forcefields are in place. Have a damage control team meet me down there. [Corridor] (Two people with fire extinguishers are with Dax as they reach the sealed blast door.) Stand back. [Engine room - upper level] (There's a green plasma fire in front of the warp core, and Lenora is on the far side of it.) No. Lenara might still be alive. How long will a level eight forcefield last in here? I think I can get to her. I know. Just give me ten seconds after the forcefield goes off and then vent the compartment. I need to reconfigure the field geometry. I thought I'd lost you. Not again. Never again. Never again. Never. [Lenara's quarters] (Bejal pours a cup of tea for Lenara as the doorbell rings.) How are you feeling? To both of us. Risian perfume. Our best guess is that the tetryon field reacted to the probe's shielding, producing a massive graviton wave. The important thing is no one was killed and we brought the ship back in one piece. Chief O'Brien says he'll have it good as new in two weeks. Now stop torturing yourself. It wasn't your fault. And you shouldn't forget that your project and your theories produced the first artificially created wormhole in history. It's a huge achievement. Yes, you are. Probably. Why not do the work here with me. I know exactly what that would mean. But I think it's worth the price. Well, at least he's consistent. Everyone is trying to look out for us. Protect us from ourselves. But in the end, all that matters is how we feel and what we do about it. Because either way, we're the ones who have to live with the consequences. Can you really walk away from me, from us? After all this time, we're together. Don't throw that away. I wish I could believe you. But ultimately, it comes down to this. If you feel about me the way I feel about you, you won't go on that transport tomorrow. And if you do leave, I think we both know you're never coming back again. [Promenade - upper level] (Dax watches as Worf escorts the two men to the airlock below and bids them farewell. Then Lenara arrives, looks around and is about to step through when she finally spots Dax up above. They look at each other for a long time, then Lenara leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I didn't see anyone.
Maybe it's Quark's birthday. I was going to ask you to join me in a round of Jokarian chess but I can see you're just sitting down to dinner. Aubergine stew. Looks delicious. So where's Jake? With Nog. Maybe it's time you had a little talk with Jake. Children need to know their boundaries. I should know, I've been a mother three times and a father twice. Actually, I wasn't very successful either way, so feel free to reject what I'm about to say, but if I were you, I would go find Jake and bring him here to eat his dinner. Absolutely.
There it goes again. That's the seventh time in the last two hours. It seems to be opening and closing completely at random. No unusual readings, no ships coming through. For all we know, the Bajorans are right. Maybe it is a message from the Prophets. Maybe the Prophets don't recognise you with the new beard. Here we go. Hmm? No, nothing. How's that? Shouldn't you be on the Lakota? You've got it. So how long do you think you and Captain Sisko will be on Earth? Believe me, Odo, with changelings on Earth, Starfleet's going to need all the help it can get. There. How's that? Whatever you say, Constable. [Sisko's quarters]
We're about to enter the accretion disc. (static starting to break in) I'll send you a postcard. Tell Worf I look forward to hearing his poem. I'll bet it'll be inspiring. We'll talk to you again once we've left the accretion disc and reversed the effects of the compression. Rubicon out. Take a last look. We're on sensors from here on. Our probes did. You saw the data. Something wrong? What was that? If we're going to get out of here, I need warp power now! (Bang!) Chief, you okay? Julian? Oh, that's better. Well, the good news is we're alive, so we must have escaped the anomaly. Better add the blast shutters to your list. I can't get them open. (Bashir finishes treating Dax's head injury.) I don't suppose that thing'll work on our communications system? Going to one quarter impulse. Chief, either open these shutters or give me external sensors, whichever's quicker. I need to see where we're going. [Bridge] (Enter the Jem'Hadar First, who has bronze overtones compared to the grey of the other one.) Coming to full stop. I can't keep flying blind, Chief. Nice work. Some kind of wall? Anything else? We didn't leave the anomaly by the same path at which we entered it. I'll tell you what isn't a theory. We're going to need the Defiant's help to re-enter the anomaly. Fly up to a window and knock? Are you suggesting that we take the Rubicon inside the Defiant? I love it. Let's go. [Bridge] Where are we, Chief? All right, all right. Let's not badger the Chief. What is it? They must have initiated the impulse prestart sequence. It means this entire conduit is about to be filled with superheated plasma. Left, then right. We're out of time. We'll have to open it the old-fashioned way. (Flames arrive as Rubicon rams the hatch.) [Engine room] (The hatch opens, Rubicon shoots out and the doors automatically shut again with only a little wisp of plasma coming through.) [Runabout Rubicon] No promises. So where are we, Chief? Right. There's the core. Looks like the warp drive is offline. That's not good. (They fly away and the Jem'Hadar around. Rubicon parks on some pipes by the ceiling.) Chief, I need visual sensors as fast as you can give them to me. They're forcing our crew to repair the warp drive. Good question. But if I know Benjamin, he's up to something. Can you give me a tight shot on the operations display? Do you see what I see? Problem is, it's never going to work. The security codes are hardwired through the encryption circuitry. I think Worf's trying to cover their tracks. It looks like he's sending false signals through the computer system. Wait a minute. One thing at a time. First we need to get out of the engine room without getting caught. (Rubicon flies low over the bulkheads.) [Engine room] Now we wait until someone walks out that door. [Engine room] Get ready. When he activates the door sensor, we'll (Do a bit of dodging as someone picks up tools right next to them. Kudak'Etan leaves and Rubicon slides sideways through the gap just before the door closes.) If you liked that, you're going to love what's coming up next. [Engine room] (Sisko has just run a gizmo over a circuit board. Worf is by a display panel. Nog is round a corner working a PADD.) We don't. [Engine room] Don't worry. I have a light touch. Can we bypass it? But? Unless. Circuit housings are airtight. I could beam a bubble of compressed air ahead of you and it would expand to fill the housing. How's it coming, Chief? [Optronic circuitry] Well [Runabout Rubicon] The sooner the better. Things are getting a little crowded up here. [Bridge] (The First opens the box and hands out the vials without ceremony.) Or maybe he's in trouble. The First was called to the engine room a few minutes ago. [Engine room] I've got him. (It's a miss. Kira gets a weapon from the corpse and Work breaks Kudak'Etan's neck. Nog tries to take on another, but gets thrown into a corner. Worf and a Jem'Hadar wrestle as the one on the upper level fires at Sisko, who moves to another panel. ) This guy's really starting to get on my nerves. Fire! (The Jem'Hadar falls over the rail. Kira shoots Ixtana'Rax then the one who is attacking Sisko, and Worf disposes of the last one.) Is that your poem? Can I hear it? Please, just the first line? I understand. I know. I promise. It's, er, well, it rhymes. (takes the PADD) There's nothing on this PADD! (Odo enters and walks over to the bar where O'Brien and Bashir are talking to Morn and a dabo girl.)
I wish we'd had time to beam down to the surface and take a closer look. I'm picking up very unusual gravimetric distortions in the Trialus system. It's hard to tell at this range. The gravimetric distortions are intensifying but they don't seem to be coming from the star itself. There are now (After the titles) The planet seems to have settled into a stable orbit. Commander, we're being scanned. The beam is coming from a settlement on the southern hemisphere. I'm reading approximately thirty humanoid inhabitants. They seem to be the only humanoids on the planet. No. Are yours? All the way. What causes these shifts? It's delicious. Sixty years? It sounds lovely. Deral, our scans showed that there are only about thirty of you on this entire planet And your population hasn't increased since then? And remain there for the next sixty years. And then what happens? Deral and I are beaming up to the Defiant. We're going to run a series of helio-seismic scans on Meridian's sun. These are the Defiant's sensor readings from when we first entered this system. Take a look at the spectral scan. Gamma activity would seem to indicate an anomaly in your sun's fusion cycle. How do modulated gamma bursts cause a dimensional shift? Do what? I guess I do. It's going to be a while before the probe starts sending back any telemetry. Not really. What do you mean? I don't know if you noticed or not, but Seltin didn't seem too happy to see us leave together. Why haven't you? That doesn't happen too often. Absolutely. That's how I know I'm afraid of heights. It's hard to believe that it might all be gone in two weeks. So do I. (Deral leans in for a kiss and Dax wobbles.) We'd better climb down. (They walk on to an ornamental lake.) It's as beautiful as you described. Mmm. It's wonderful. You know me pretty well for someone who just met me. I can't remember the last time I did this. Stroll through a garden, climb a tree, eat fresh berries by a pond. What comes next? (A kiss, as you know full well.) I think I'm starting to remember. [Village square] How are the calculations coming? Then something else must be triggering the dimensional shifts. Whatever it is, we'll find it. (Deral leans in to nuzzle Dax's neck.) Go ahead, Commander. Thank you, Chief. We're managing just fine. [Bridge] Don't you want to take a look at the new telemetry? How about this? We work for a few more hours and then we go back to your room and count each other's spots. We'll see. (Later.) Take a look at the fusion reactants in the core. That's right, and the imbalance is building toward a cascade reaction on the quantum level. That's what's triggering the dimensional shifts. We can keep Meridian here longer. I've got to get this to Commander Sisko and Chief O'Brien. And then we can count each other's spots. [Promenade - upper level] (Kira and Odo are being filmed from Quark's. Odo can see him and is leaning across his view of Kira.) I've been looking for you. I have. Good news. It's going to work. We'll be able to equalise the time between dimensional shifts. Deral, I I won't be able to visit for a while. It's going to take a long time to stabilise the sun's cascade reaction. We'll see each other again. That's what I want too, but there's nothing we can do. What do you think? [Village square] I'm glad we were able to help. You'd better go inside. What are you talking about? He doesn't let me win. (Doorbell.) Come in. Deral! What did they say? What did you tell her? It's a game. And I'm very good at it. And I want you there to see for yourself. I'm going to clean you and Quark out. But you just got here. Do you need any help? You see, the key to tongo is to confront when you're sure you're in a better position than the other players. And if your cards match the roll of the dice, then you win. Deral? You haven't heard a word I've been saying, have you? You don't want to leave Meridian, do you? I know what you said, but what do you want? But you're worried about your people. DERAL There are so few of us, Jadzia, and now that Meridian has a future again, they need me. Then you have to stay. What if you didn't have to lose me? What if I stayed here with you? We could use the transporter buffer to match my quantum matrix to yours. Because I discussed it with Julian after you left my quarters. It's the only way we can be together and I don't want to lose you, either. [Dax's cabin] Come in. Benjamin. I was just finishing up my request to Starfleet for my leave of absence. You'll be sure that it gets to them? What I really want is for you to say you're happy for me. And you would have been right. He fell in love with someone new every other week. But I'm not Curzon. You've been my friend for two lifetimes. I can't imagine what it's going to be like not having you around. Leaving Deep Space Nine is the hardest thing I have ever done but I know it's right. Besides, after eight lifetimes as a humanoid, existing as pure consciousness might be interesting. Good. Then I can call you old man. Pretty good considering, I spent six hours having my molecule's scrambled in the transporter. (Dax kisses him on the cheek.) That's a first. Do you think you'll be done overhauling the station by the next time I see you? Tell Quark I'll be back to collect the three strips of gold latinum he owes me, with sixty years interest. No, I was just saying goodbye. Thank you. Thank you. Is there anything I need to do to prepare? What if I just hold onto you? After all, we're not going to be together again like this for a long time and I was just getting used to this. Good. Benjamin, don't. There's nothing you can do. I just need some time. (Sisko leaves) Just sixty years or so. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I've already tried that. Still no power to weapons or shields. Yes. But that nebula's never been charted. We don't know what's in there. No, thank you. But I would like to lodge a complaint. This bed is as hard as a rock. In other words, I'm going to be staring at this cave ceiling for the rest of my stay. I'm going to hold you to that one, Benjamin. [Shoreline] (Nog and Garak are surveying the area. Nog is keeping behind Garak at all times.) I'll stay here and guard my clothes. Sounded like you were actually getting through to him for a minute there. Do you really think you can turn him against his Vorta? I think I'd like to check out now. I'd say good luck, but I don't think you're going to need it. In that case, good luck, Benjamin. [Promenade - upper level]
Morn! He's dead. [Promenade] (basket of fruit) I can't believe he's really gone. Well, I used to have a little crush on him. It was before we met. Besides, he wasn't interested. Forget I mentioned it. Can we please drop this? Well, at least you have the painting. If you think it'll make you happy. Confront. Your move. Probably somebody who got tired of making change with an eyedropper. Are you going to play or not? If you find it, are you really going to share it with this woman? That's a hundred bricks. I don't know, but there's something's I don't like about this whole thing. I don't trust this woman. Just keep your eyes open. Don't be fooled by a pretty face. Of course not. Acquire. (The pretty face has won the game.) [Quark's quarters] (The lights are down as he enters with the painting. There's someone in the shadow by the window.)
What about Captain Boday? It's just a suggestion. And you don't like to see a man's brains. What about Doctor Trag'tok? He's intelligent, he has a good physique, and he has a very opaque cranium. Which one? Really, you are obsessed with appearances. I'll make sure to tell Worf you said so. Don't be so nosy. You can always invite Odo. I got it. Three place settings. Someone's attempting to beam into Ops. I don't know. There are no ships within transporter range. (A crouching man beams in.) That's one hell of a story. Worf, it's not polite to accuse a guest of lying. Would you like to do the honours? (Dax brings a cake and hands Worf a knife to cut it with. Bareil stands.) Why didn't you just download them into the computer? Kira hasn't shown up yet. You are so transparent. Julian, Kira's personal life is her own. We're her friends. We should respect her privacy. (Kira gets off the turbolift.) Good morning, Nerys. How'd it go last night? But if you want to tell us about it, we'll listen. I told you. Are you seeing him tonight? That doesn't sound very romantic. Your idea, I suppose? Well, it's not a midnight swim in the holosuites, but if it makes you happy. [Shrine]
Go ahead. Not yet. [Ops] I was about to clear them for departure. Understood. [Security office] You received a subspace transmission from Vedek Winn. She seemed anxious to talk to you. Are you all right?
Kira, we've got six Byzatium transports coming in this afternoon. I've got to have more cargo space. Starfleet wants a complete report done on our computer calibration subroutine. Who's in there? Who's in with Benjamin? Will Riker. Yeah, I met him a year ago at Quark's. He's quite a dabo player. Do you know him? You met him last night and? And then? Of course. So why do you keep glancing back at Sisko's office? (Riker and Sisko enter.) I hope you're not here for another loan. Don't tell me you've forgotten who staked you three strips of latinum when your winning streak ran dry? Fine. I'm not sure but something's happened to the warp core on the Defiant. It looks like it's going to breach in fifty seven seconds. O'Brien was working there this morning, but I don't know if he. Incoming signal from the Defiant. It's Commander Riker. Docking clamps released. Fifteen seconds. She's gone into warp. I've lost them. [Bridge]
Is your drink replicator broken? Do you want me to fix it or not? That's right. Nog had a chance to take a trip to Ferenginar and I told him that I would cover for him while he was away. Because he did a favour for me last week, so I owe him. I'll tell Chief O'Brien you said that.
Is it my imagination, or has Julian lost his mind? Looks like the signal's coming from somewhere in the Teplan system. I'll try to find out where it is. I got us transportation to the hospital. I gave her my hair clip. [Hospital] (More like a hotel lounge or restaurant, with soothing music, dimmed lights, people sitting around in groups.) This is a hospital? Yes. I haven't seen a single person that doesn't have lesions on their face. Like the woman we brought in. How is she? We received a distress call. We're here to help in any way we can. We're willing to take that risk. (Tamar has a seizure.) You poison them? I found the distress beacon in an abandoned building not far from here. It has its own power source. My guess is it's been repeating the same message for over two hundred years. That's not very long. I'm Jadzia. Go ahead. [Runabout] Sounds like they're on a patrol route which means this system is probably next. We might be able to do the same thing here. Thanks. Did you do this? Maybe later you can take us to see it. Well, it looks like we have ourselves a clinic. Loosely translated, that means he needs a volunteer. Great. Now, if you'll just have a seat, the doctor will be with you in a moment. They love to keep you waiting. It makes them feel important. Let me see. We've isolated the virus. In other words, yes, it's a very good thing. I think so. That looks like a feast. What do you mean? Ekoria, where did you get all this food? Julian. There are some people here who'd like to see you. (Epran has brought two other quickened people.) There this'll dull the pain. You told me that yesterday. Julian. Epran has stopped responding to the cordrazine. I had to put him in an inhibitor field. She's nervous enough about using the hypo. It's better if we wait until we're positive. You should take a break. You've been working non-stop for days. [Outside the house] (Bashir warms his hands at a brazier.) Julian! Something's wrong. [House] (Epran is in agony.) Julian. Could it be a reaction to the antigen? All right, everything's off. Julian. Julian. Doctor! (Bashir stops.) There's no way you could've known it was because of our instruments. That's not fair. It's not a crime to believe in yourself, Julian. Maybe it was arrogant to think that. But it's even more arrogant to think there isn't a cure just because you couldn't find it. [Ruined town] (Bashir walks through the street, and the people are not pleased to see him. Eventually he arrives at the mural.) You know what worries me, Julian, is that without me you won't have anyone to translate for you. Good luck.
You wanted to see me, Benjamin? Am I to assume this is going to be about baseball? Good. Curzon enjoyed it, but not half as much as he led you to believe. So what's on your mind, Benjamin. I told you this was going to be a tough assignment when we came here. Of course, I didn't realise it was going to be this tough. I'd say give Kira the runabout. I promised not to tell. The question is, what do they say to us? They swore they released all their Bajoran prisoners. [Ops] (Dax goes over to Kira, smiles and squeezes her arm. Sisko comes out of his office and gives Kira the nod.) Go ahead, Doctor. Stand by. [Commander's office] The Yelikan transport is prepared for departure.
No. But he was very persistent. I'm sorry to interrupt, sir, but there are a couple of visitors here looking for Julian, and I thought he might want to see them right away. What is it you do, Mister Bashir? So you're the reason he went to Medical School. I hope we get a chance to see you again. I can't wait to hear some stories about Julian as a little boy.
I went over the internal sensor logs and I did find evidence of a minor temporal disturbance in Quark's and another one later on the Promenade. Both disturbances happened at about the same time as the Chief's experiences. Not yet. I want to go over the medical scans Julian took of you earlier. That dose of ionising radiation you received might have something to do with it. I'm not sure, but it's a good place to start. I have heard of a couple of theories that ambient low level radiation could have a temporal [Quark's] (The Klingons and the Romulans and Starfleet are fighting. O'Brien 2 has been beaten up at the bar and a Klingon draws a dagger when our O'Brien intervenes and disarms him.) Effect on radioactive isotopes (O'Brien falls over.) Chief! Dax to Sisko. Benjamin, can you come to Ops? I think I found a clue to Chief O'Brien's time shifting. I've been scanning the area around the station out to a radius of two kilometres, and I didn't find anything at first. Then I started to scan some of the lower subspace bandwidths. I found traces of low-level tetryon emissions. Or a quantum singularity. And singularities are known to send out waves of temporal displacement. I don't know. Maybe it's buried so far down in the subspace layers that we can't detect it. Without the radiation, the temporal displacement might stop. Right. We've been able to track it by using its tetryon emissions as a guide. It seems to be orbiting Deep Space Nine in a roughly elliptical fashion. Do you remember seeing any other ships nearby? Right. A Romulan warbird just decloaked off of lower pylon two. They've taken out our shield generators.
Champagne. Oh, it was up for consideration. I submitted it myself through an old friend of Curzon's. I want you to say that you are thrilled beyond belief to be nominated for the Federation's most prestigious medical award. Well you're not acting like it. It is a big deal. We're all proud of you. You don't know that. The work you've been doing deserves to be recognised. You're exaggerating. That's a very mature attitude. I'm actually astonished, but impressed. I won't mention it again. So who do you think is going to win? Wade or P'Trell? [Rom's quarters] (Rom lives in a mess, and Quark is having to share) (in Quark's) A physical entity (Quark's) The Zek wanted to understand events outside the restrictions of linear time. (Quark's) This one is adversarial too. That is linear. You seem to be handling this very well. I didn't think so. [Airlock]
discovered a new lifeform previously unreported. We have tentatively classified it as a protozoic species but still have to
I've never seen readings like these. What do you think? And larger. The tetryon concentrations have increased ten percent in the last thirty seconds. There's an energy surge bearing two one zero mark three one five. A ship is decloaking. It's a Romulan warbird. Another warbird decloaking at zero one zero. No. It's a Cardassian ship. Definitely Cardassian, Keldon class. Benjamin, there's an entire fleet decloaking out there. No response to our hails. But sir, that could plunge Romulus and Cardassia into war with the Dominion. Helm ready. The cloaking device is operating within normal parameters. Commander, I'm reading some kind of power fluctuation in the cloaking device. I don't know. I can't locate the source of the problem but it is getting worse. (Lights up) No, nothing in sensor range. The cloak is operating normally. Two life-signs on the runabout, Commander. Fifty thousand metres and closing. Two thousand metres. Five hundred! Negative. The other fighters are still concentrating on the remaining Romulan and Cardassian ships. Course laid in.
I heard you're not coming with us. That you've been assigned to Martok's ship. Worf, we might never see each other again. (Kira runs the sabotage programme.) We could all use some sleep. What has it been, seventy eight hours? I wouldn't worry just yet. The Tyra system is far enough away that it'll be a day or two before we get any message. So where do you think Starfleet will be sending us next? Worf! (She leaps into his arms for a kiss.) Tell me what? What is it, Worf? What's wrong? You're getting cold feet? We haven't seen each other for five weeks and that's the first thing you say to me? Okay, have it your way. First we'll shed blood and then we'll feast. He's such a worrier. You get married the way you want, and I'll get married the way I want. I'll see you later, Captain Relieved of command? Why? Well at least the crew's staying together. We are staying together, aren't we? So what do you plan on doing the next couple of hours? Maybe now would be a good time to contact your father. Benjamin, you haven't spoken to him for months. And Jake is his grandson. You'll think of something. You always do. (Later) I won't shed any tears, not if it helps end this war. It's a Jem'Hadar attack ship. Guidance matrix, check. Aft parabolic thrusters, check. Sensor feed, check. Chief. Nog. You want to know what is a problem? No viewscreen. Who builds a bridge without a window? Don't worry, we'll try not to have any medical emergencies while you're sleeping. Maybe. But right now I would settle for a viewscreen. All systems ready, sir. Aye, Captain. Aft thrusters at one half. Just wanted to make sure everyone was awake. I can try. Yes, sir. [Captain's office] (Kira rings the bell and Dukat puts the baseball back on it's stand.) We just did. (BOOM) Captain, that last hit damaged one of our guidance thrusters. The Centaur has followed us out of warp. (BOOM) We're coming about for another pass. The Centaur is going to warp. It's heading back to Federation space. Maybe you didn't. I'm picking up three Jem'Hadar ships headed this way. Without even bothering to say hello. I wish we could help. Yes, sir. [Security office] Looks like we've come to the right place. (A forcefield is lowered and the ship moves closer.) The entire exchange took ninety two point three seconds. Canisters away. Relax, Cadet, everything's on schedule. They've just beamed eighty four canisters of White into our cargo hold. Standing by. One minute and thirty seconds to detonation. One minute fifteen seconds. One minute. But not so fast that we smash into the net before it's deactivated. Let's see. A radial geodesic in a thirty nine Cochrane warp field contracts normal space at a rate of The computer agrees with Julian. Turning over piloting controls to the main computer. Set. Twenty two seconds until the explosion.
Then you're in luck. Legate Parn will be arriving within the hour. Admiral Necheyev's already here. [Ops] We just received a report that three Federation settlers were killed on Hakton Seven. The Cardassians claim it was in response to the destruction of the Bok'Nor. Have you been able to make any headway with Sakonna? No. Why the Xepolites? We're going to have to intercept them before they're picked up by the colony's sensors. How do you propose to stop them? It's possible they changed the [Runabout Orinoco] Time frame of their attack. Postponed it a day or a week. They've hit our navigation array. I've lost attitude control. [Runabout Rio Grande] Attempting to compensate with manual thrusters.
We seem to be having a lot of system glitches. The problem is no one knows how the Chief keeps all this Federation and Cardassian technology working together.
You wanted to see me, Benjamin? Didn't we inventory twelve last week? All right. I'll assign a crew to it immediately. Really? Who? Nog. Nog? I always thought it would be interesting to have a Ferengi in Starfleet, but Nog? Commander, there's a lot of valuable equipment in Cargo bay twelve. Maybe I should assign a couple of crewmembers to assist him. Due to a computer error, we lost the manifest on this entire cargo bay. Commander Sisko would like you to re-inventory the contents. That's right. Look, Nog, Starfleet isn't just about diplomacy, exploration. A lot of the time, it's just hard work. He'd like the manifest on his desk first thing in the morning. Tomorrow morning will be fine, Nog. Incredible is more like it. He inventoried the whole cargo bay in under five hours. According to the internal sensors, no one else entered that cargo bay the entire time he was there. If you're asking if he stole anything, the answer is no. He even found some things we missed on our last inventory. I have no idea. [Chamber] (Just Kira's head and fingers are sticking out of the crystal now. She can barely breath.)
The technology looks like something the Cardassians must have taken from the Romulans. Is that an RCL type one matrix field? Or an RCL type two? It'll keep me up all night. Definitely type one. (A man is watching through the grating. He is joined by another.) I really should be getting to bed. That's not necessary, Julian. Yes? What do you want? (They grab her just as Bashir comes round the corner) What are you doing? Will you just tell me what you want? (The forcefield stops them so Tandro gets to work with his gizmo and brings it down again) Come in. I don't expect any help, Benjamin. Thank you, though. No. I'm sorry, Benjamin, but no. I'm Jadzia Dax now. That was Curzon Dax you knew for twenty years. Benjamin, you know you're still my very dear friend. I'm sorry. [Commander's office] You have an overactive imagination, Benjamin. I see your temper hasn't improved. Curzon always warned you about it. Do you remember that Argosian lieutenant who threw a drink in your face? I tried on that ring on after Curzon died. It just slipped off my finger. Then allow it to happen. That was Curzon. I won't discuss it with you. As for Enina Tandro, yes, I feel the shame of Curzon's indiscretions. When one of my kind stumbles, Benjamin, it is a mistake that's there forever. I can't tell you which part of Curzon Dax couldn't stop himself from acting shamefully with another man's wife. I can tell you that he did love her, for whatever that's worth. So you are questioning? Nothing, Benjamin. Nothing at all. [Quark's] I wanted it since I was a child. I worked very hard for it. Yes. It's considered a great honour. By winning scholarships, competing against other young people. You're tested in countless ways. Yes. Yes. I hold Premier Distinctions in exobiology, zoology, astrophysics and exoarchaeology. All of them. Yes. There's much of Curzon that's still a part of me, that still remembers what you had together. I felt it was important to keep that promise. The General's memory is cherished by your people. Of course.
It must've been buried very deep in the system. Would you like me to go with you to see Mrs O'Brien? You know, I just remembered I still have Julian's medical school diaries. He felt they would help me understand him better. That's not what they're not about. When he gave them to me, he told me that they were about his innermost thoughts, his struggle to graduate top of his class, his dream of a career in Starfleet, his constant fear of failure. I never got around to reading them. I suppose I should send them to his parents. Really? I know. I cared about him, too. (Quark brings drinks) That's very thoughtful, Quark. Tomorrow. I'll leave right away. We're approaching T'Lani Three. Establishing a synchronous orbit along side the Ganges. While you're on the cruiser, I think I'll beam over to the Ganges and take a look around. Dax to Sisko. Commander, when you're through there, could you join me on the Ganges? It looks like someone erased five seconds from the Ganges's computer log. At first I thought it was just some kind of power fluctuation, but when I checked the log's memory core it showed traces of a remote transport command. No. Look at the time index when the call for transport came in. Which means if either Chief O'Brien or Julian made that request They told us you were both dead, Julian. The T'Lani cruiser's coming this way. They're hailing us. They're blocking all subspace communications with a broadband inversion. They're hailing us again. All short range sensors are useless.
That's it? Hmm. No, it's just that you both gave it such a build up I thought it would be a lot bigger. I thought you said it was going to be returned to the State Museum in Ilvia. Beautiful markings. You're going to study it? Maybe see if you can find the lost city? No pressure. [Captain's office] (The scan of the picture is on the monitor) Ops to Captain Sisko. Sorry to disturb you, Captain, but I have Admiral Whatley calling from Starfleet Headquarters. I see you're prepared for anything. I take it you think the Federation membership is going to be good for business? As far as I'm concerned, the Federation should accept a new member every week. He can be very persuasive. Well I'll drink to that. Well, he was here for a little while, but I think he went back to the holosuite. Glad to hear it. He going to need all the help he can get if he's going to survive this. Since when did you believe in the Prophets? That's not much to bet his life on.
It was your idea to attend the conference in the first place, Garak. Opposing view? Garak, you were trying to defend the military occupation of their world. How grateful did you think they would be? And what did you want it to say? Former spy? Well, Odo wasn't a member of the Resistance and he managed to attract a fair amount of attention. Don't let him get to you, Odo. You should be proud of what you did during the Occupation. What was it the Moderator said? That you may have worked for the Cardassians, but your only master was justice. What happened? Time travel? Benjamin, we're not attracting any attention. Some kind of cross-dimensional transfer? Our conscious minds might've been moved through time and space into the bodies of four Bajorans on Terok Nor. I just ran out of speculation. There was a plasma anomaly on the sensors, and then there was this sound. Gul Dukat's on the second level. That means we've gone back at least nine years. I'll be all right. [Surgery] Leeta. No. Then why am I here? You want me to be your friend? You're different than I imagined. How do you feel? Last time? Maybe you should find another job. I don't get to eat like this very often. You really want to help my people, don't you? And you still feel like that now after some of your children have tried to kill you? And so is your ego. (She starts using the computer) [Terok Nor - Holding cell] Miss me? Dukat's personal shuttle is in docking bay three. I've got their computer tied up in knots. I don't think they'll be able to Here it is. (They step inside, Sisko closes the door and) [Terok Nor - Holding cell] (There's no hole in the wall.) We tried that. Escape doesn't seem to be the answer. Care to guess?
You should have told us know he was coming sooner. I think we have a red carpet in storage somewhere. Besides, he's practically your father. The Cardassians once kidnapped Kira and surgically altered her to look like Ghemor's missing daughter. (link to Second Skin) I think they like it that way. You should've known her five years ago. Back then, I never thought she'd be friends with anyone. [Ghemor's quarters] Its weapons are armed and its targeting systems are active.
Dax to Kira and Odo. There's something we'd like you to take a look at in Ops. It looks like a Cardassian military code, but the computer doesn't recognise it. We did, as soon as it came in. We still haven't heard from them. I don't know what makes me angrier, That you agreed to go into the Gamma Quadrant with Garak or that I had to hear it from Sisko. When? On your way out the airlock? So in other words, you were afraid I'd make a scene, that I'd embarrass you. Maybe even cry. Don't worry, Worf. I won't be shedding any tears over you. No. I came for these. (Dax takes some rods out of a drawer.) Well, you won't be using them for the next few days. Somebody might as well enjoy them. What? Something wrong? And you're afraid that I might lose your precious operas? It's a distinct possibility. If I were you, I'd hurry back. That is, if you want to keep your collection intact. (They kiss.) Have a glorious death. Or don't. It's up to you. [Quark's cafe] Nerys, the O'Brien's baby is less than a month old. He doesn't recognise his own fingers. It's probably gas. Hold on. I'm receiving a priority one distress signal from the Gamma Quadrant. Dax to Sisko. You'd better come out here. I've got a message from Worf, but it's badly garbled. The Dominion. They're coming. Shields fully charged. The wormhole's opening. We're being hailed. How soon can we expect reinforcements to get here? What about Worf? She was always a lot stronger on theory than execution. But we'll get it. That's very thoughtful. That one was right on the other side of the wormhole. Worf. We're losing it. (The beams go out and the wormhole closes.)
Morn, I can't believe a handsome, fun-loving guy like you could have so many problems. My advice to you is to burn this as quickly as possible and don't look back. (So he does) Vedek Bareil, it's good to see you. I think of you as a friend. Of course. Excuse me. [Promenade - upper level] (Odo is enjoying the live music when he is grabbed by Lwaxana.) No. (Lwaxana's head aches, and so does Dax's) [Quark's] I thought you might need some help getting ready for the party. No, thanks. I don't want to run into Vedek Bareil. He can't keep his hands off me. I couldn't believe it myself, but he wouldn't leave me alone. He's probably still out there looking for me. I don't know how. It's going to break her heart. Would you? I'd really appreciate it, Benjamin. I mean, this whole thing is ridiculous. How could I be interested in Bareil? We both know it's always been you. (Dax snuggles up on Sisko's lap.) Mmm? Making myself comfortable. Have I ever told you that you smell wonderful? Benjamin, stop acting so coy. There's no one around. I have an idea. You cancel the party, and then that way we can spend the evening alone together. What do you say? I told you. Oh, Julian, you should've seen his face. Admit it, you were this far away from total panic. At least someone around here has a sense of humour. See you at the party, Julian. [Promenade] I've never been so embarrassed in my life, making me go through all those tests If I didn't love you so much, I'd be angry with you. See you at the party. [Replimat] (Kira pulls apart a decoration from my favourite bud vase. Honest, they're identical.) Would you please stop following me? Discuss it with Major Kira. I'm not interested. Peldor joi. You tell him, Benjamin. Can I see that? (Dax snatches the bracelet. Bashir and Kira enter, still entwined and kissing.) I want to give this to you as a token of my affection. (Bareil's bracelet.) I'm sorry, Benjamin. He was just starting to annoy me. I'll take one.
Well, well, well. It's about time you came back. (Dax kisses Sisko long and hard.) That's to let you know I missed you. (She slaps him.) And that's for letting me think you were dead. You coming or not? I'm really glad you're alive. And I'm going to make you glad you're alive, too. (Sisko stops her from undressing him.) It can wait. You tell me. You gathered the information. Are you okay? You seem a little distracted. I've been thinking too. You know, we've been fighting against the Alliance for almost a year now. And what has it gotten us? Nothing. Sometimes I think we were better off when we were collecting tribute for the Intendant. Maybe, but I'm tired of living like this. The rebellion's a lost cause and we both know it. Have you taken a good look at your troops lately? They're nothing but ex-slaves with delusions of grandeur. They'll never overthrow the Alliance. Let's just get a ship and go. Forget all about the rebellion. It's not like you're going to have much choice. Once that witch you married finishes her new sensor array, Alliance ships are going to be all over these Badlands. We're going to have no place to hide. (with weapon) Anyone else want to disagree with the captain? Killing her would be a lot easier than trying to get her away from the Alliance. We have a lot in common. He's all yours. (Dax leaves.)
She has maybe two raktajinos a day. You're being ridiculous. Why does pregnancy always make men hysterical? It's not up to you to tell Kira what she can and cannot do. That means they'll be home by Thursday. Doesn't give you much time to snoop through Jake's things. [Runabout] (They arrive in orbit.) We just got word. The Klingons have destroyed the Farragut near the Lembatta cluster. Benjamin? What have you been doing in there for three hours? Great. I always thought the coffee could be a little hotter. Is it helping? I wish there was something I could do, some way I could promise you that everything is going to be okay. I know what it's like to worry about a child. Raifi put Tobin through hell. When Neema was six, she came down with Rugalan fever. Audrid spent two weeks in the hospital with her, never left her side. It was hundreds of years ago. I still remember how helpless I felt. I read her all seventeen volumes of Caster's Down the River Light, even though I knew she couldn't hear me. It made me feel like I was doing something, that we were still connected. It wasn't until much after that that I realised that I was doing it as much for me as I was doing it for her. She pulled through. Of course, by the time she was twenty one, she wouldn't even speak to me. About eight years. You will, tomorrow, when we get to Ajilon Prime. You know, Ben, coffee can never be too hot. Are you sure you got the replicator buffers synchronised? I think I will. Can I borrow your decoupler? Good idea. [Cavern - main ward] (The power is back on)
