(the woman from the distress call) Captain.  Deela. The enemy.  Yes. You beamed me aboard yourself when you came up. A  ridiculously long process, but I've taken care of it.  Nothing.  There's really nothing wrong with them. They are just as they  have always been. It's you who are different.  They cannot hear you, Captain. To their ears, you sound like an  insect. That's your description, Captain. Accurate, if unflattering.  Really, there is nothing wrong with them.  Changed you. So you are like me now. Your crew cannot see you or  any of us because of the acceleration. We move in the wink of an eye.  Oh, there is a scientific explanation for it, but all that really  matters is that you can see me and talk to me, and we can go on from  there.  Because I like you. Didn't you guess? Or are you so accustomed  to being kissed by invisible women?  (She kisses him again, but he doesn't respond.)  Oh, but it has not been sabotaged. We we had to make some  changes in it to adjust it to us.  Yes. Of course. My chief scientist and his crew. I am their  queen. You are going to be their king. You'll enjoy living on Scalos.  Oh, in a few of their moments, they will realise that you've  vanished. They will look for you, but they will not find you. You're  accelerated far beyond their power to see. So they'll go on without  you. Don't be so stubborn. You cannot go back to them, ever. Is it so  dreadful a prospect?  But that won't work. You go ahead and try. Point it right at me.    (She sidesteps the slow phaser beam easily.)  My reactions are much too fast for such a crude weapon. And I am  quite good at self-defense, too. This can be set for stun and destroy,  too, like yours. (his phaser goes flying) Please, accept what has  happened. There is nothing you can do to change it.  Don't be so silly. You'll feel better about it all in a little  while. It always happens this way. They are very upset at first, then  it wears off and they, they learn to like it. You will, too.  (Kirk leaves}  He's on his way to you. Be gentle with him.  (Meanwhile, in our normal time-frame)  I hate what happens to them when they're damaged. You're going  to have to learn to control your temper, Rael. I do not want that to  happen to this one. If they are so stubborn a species, perhaps they  will last longer.  I hope so. They all go so soon. I want to keep this one a long  time. He's pretty.  Oh? I don't think so.  I can allow myself anything I want. Oh, Rael, don't be like  that. Am I jealous of what you do?  So do I. And sometimes I allow myself to enjoy it.  (Kirk wakes up.)  Hello.  I will tell you anything you want to know, and you'll approve of  it.  Hardly. You're free to go anywhere you want to.  He told you not to touch it. Look at your hands. They're almost  frozen, aren't they? It will pass.  We all die, even on Scalos.  (Kirk leaves.)  Why did you lie to him? He did not damage that one, you did.  I see no reason to make him feel any worse than he has to.  Rael, he's not one of us. He's temporary. (getting a message via  her collar device) He's gone to the medical laboratory. He's trying to  communicate with the Vulcan. His species is capable of much affection.  I wonder if they will demonstrate it to us. Oh, Rael, stop  sulking. Accept it. We've had to accept it all our lives. Don't make it  worse.  (Rael kisses Deela)  Go back to work.  [Medical Lab] (In fast time. Kirk is using a computer console  whilst McCoy, Chapel and Spock are motionless at another bench,  examining test results.)  Go ahead. You won't accomplish anything, but it may be  historically valuable.  Damaged.  Burns them out.  Quite correct.  The unit will be activated. By the time they hear this, it will  be too late. You have remarkable reasoning powers, Captain. You were  quite right in almost every assumption.  Do you really want to know? In a little while it won't matter to  you at all. You'll be quite happy about it, Just as Compton was.  Oh, dear. You are so stubborn. It should be obvious to you that  we're doing it because we have to. A long time ago, it is in our  history, we used to be like you. Then our country was almost destroyed  by volcanic eruptions. The water was polluted. Radiation was released.  That changed us. It accelerated us. The children died. Most of the  women found they could not have more. All of our men had become  sterile. So we had to mate outside our own people. Whenever a spaceship  came by, we'd send our calls for help. But accelerating them to our  level burned them out. Don't you see, Captain? Do I have to go into  every detail? We are going to take you down with us. Perhaps one or two  others of your crew. We have to. We'll be kind to you. I wouldn't hurt  you, certainly. I do like you.  They'll remain here in suspended animation. It will do them no  harm. We are saving them for when we need them in the future. You will  not last forever. You know that, Captain. Captain, we have the right to  survive.  You were doing exactly the same thing. You came charging into  that life-support room the minute you knew there was trouble. You would  have killed every one my people if you could have.  There is no difference.  We did not ask for it. We are not to blame. We are handling it  the only way we know how. The way our parents and their parents before  them.  We have tried other ways. We've tried to make the transition to  your level. Some of us, that is. Those who made the attempt died. We  are trapped, Captain, Just as you are trapped now. I'm sorry for what's  going to happen to you, but I cannot change it. You cannot change me.  With the captain?  Just what makes you think I would do that? The captain's gone. [Environmental Engineering] Why did you run?  I don't believe that.  (into her comm. unit) We're in the transporter room. You can  activate.  Captain.  (Kirk stands on the transporter pad. Deela activates the controls but  nothing happens.)  What have you done to the transporter, Captain?  (into her comm. unit) The transporter isn't working. [Environmental Engineering] Nothing. He didn't have time. [Transporter room] It must be a, what do you call it? A  malfunction. You'd better not activate the unit yet. What would you say  it is, Captain?  The captain says his technicians  I expect you to check into all possible causes. If I had a  suspicious nature, Captain, I would say that you sabotaged the  transporter to buy time.  I'm glad we're both innocents. I despise devious people, don't  you?  Your quarters are quite like you, Captain.  Austere and efficient, and in their own way, handsome.  Absolutely. May I freshen up? All this rushing about has left me  windblown. I'm glad to see you allow yourself some comforts. Are you  married, Captain? No family? No attachments? I know. You're married to  your career, and you never look at another woman.  I wondered when you'd say something nice to me. Am I more  presentable now?  It was quite delightful kissing you when you couldn't see me.  But now  No. I wouldn't allow you to take that no matter how much we  trust each other. But I would've been disappointed if you hadn't tried.    Just don't try it again. You're far too vulnerable to skin  damage. All I have to do is scratch you.  The difference between us is that you will come around to our  way of thinking sooner or later. But it's better sooner than later.  (Another kiss.) [Bridge] The unit will be activated. By the time they hear this, it  will be too late.  Rael!  (Rael takes a swing at Kirk.)  Rael, stop.  (Kirk uses a chair as a shield, then Deela shoots Rael, stun level,  twice.)  Now, stop it. Did he damage you, Captain?  How very fortunate for you, Rael. Don't you dare do anything  like that again. It's contemptible.  I don't care what your feelings are. I don't want to know that  aspect of it. What I do is necessary, and you have no right to question  it. Allow me the dignity of liking the man I select. Is the transporter  repaired?  Don't you think you'd better do it?  (Rael leaves.)  He loves me. I adored him when I was a child. I suppose I still  do. I must say, you behaved better than he did.  What did you say?  And nothing bothers you now?  Our leaving was delayed. Don't you remember? You damaged the  transporter.  Yes, it certainly was.  Do you want to?  What about your crew? Aren't you worried about them?  Oh.  Nothing. You've completely accepted the situation, haven't you?  You even like it.  No! I liked you better before. Stubborn and irritating and  independent, like Rael.  Maybe that's why I liked you so much. Because you were like him.  (into comm.) Rael? You don't have to worry about the captain. He's made  the adjustment.  [Medical lab] Is it repaired already? [Kirk's quarters] Why didn't you tell me? [Transporter room] Where will you be?  Rael, wait. I'm sorry. [Transporter room] Well, come, Captain. It's time to leave your pretty ship. [Environmental Engineering] (Rael switches on the refrigerator unit.)  Your crew will be all right. You said so  yourself.  (Kirk takes her weapon from her sleeve.)  (into comm.) He's broken away. He's armed. [Environmental Engineering] RAEL; I'm ready for him.  (Kirk meets Spock in the corridor, and they stand either side of the  door. Rael fires once, turns, and Kirk fires at him. This time Rael  falls slowly to the floor. Then Kirk destroys the unit. Deela arrives  and all three enter the room properly.)  You are very clever, Captain. You tricked me. I should've known  that you would never adjust. What shall we expect from you now?  Your survival does not depend on that.  Don't make a game of it, Captain. We've lost.  There won't be any others. You'll warn them. Your federation  will quarantine the entire area.  And we will die and solve your problem that way. And ours. [Transporter room] (Scott is a little further into the room.)  Now, what about your problem, Captain, and your Vulcan friend?  You could still find life on Scalos very pleasant.  It'll be just as brief here. You cannot get back to your own  level. No answer, Captain? Do I displease you so much?  Goodbye, Captain.  (They are beamed away.) 
