who are you? (Archer is at the controls, also dishevelled with long hair.) What do you want with me? Insectoids! Open a channel to those ships. They're Xindi. I'll order them to hold their fire. What happened? I want to know who you are. Why you've abducted me. What species are you? What species! You're from the Earth vessel. Prison? That's not possible. What are you doing? You expect me to believe my own people would hold me prisoner? You think that's amusing? Why don't I remember you? Bloodworms? You claim that I've been a prisoner for three years. If that's true, why would they question me now? What kind of information? I was on my vessel, approaching the planet in the Calindra system. How would you know that? Gralik. He'll be executed for this. We were successful? The reptilians and aquatics would never allow that. Can you remove it? (Archer rummages in a couple of lockers and finds a knife and a glass vial.) I don't understand how a Xindi and a human could put aside their differences so quickly. I don't recognise this type of ship. Malosian. Perhaps we should set a course to your vessel. Is it still in the Expanse? The insectoids were always the aggressive species, but I never thought them capable of this. They destroyed everything the Council worked for. It was formed when our planet was destroyed. It was created to find a new home world for all Xindi. After years of searching we found a few suitable locations, but as usual couldn't agree on a final choice. Our plan for reunification was put aside when we learned of the threat from Earth. I was ordered to begin designing the weapon. I devoted years to it. I made so many sacrifices. So did my wife. Do I know what happened to my family? They were on a colony near a red giant. I doubt if there's anything left. It would have been one of the first colonies to be attacked. It's too dangerous. Patrol ships are still looking for us. We should find a refuge in case. (There's a hiss, and green gas starts coming into the cabin.) What about you? Set course for the inner moon. Stand by to From where? You said there was no one in the system. Contact the Council. Thalen. (He does something to a computer panel. Later, when the two ships are docked together.) I don't know what you're talking about. By capturing us, you've accomplished nothing. When my superiors learn we're missing, they'll find your ship and destroy it. [Sickbay] What is it? Is the hull lined with trellium? Can we go around? What if the insectoids pick it up? There's a comm. channel used by high-ranking primate officials. I doubt the insectoids know it. It would be easier for me to enter it directly. (Archer transfers communications to another panel, and lets Degra be secretive about his frequency.) [Command centre] What did he say it was like? It was bleak, desolate. [Shuttle] The planet was barely habitable. It wasn't by choice. Naara was desperate to leave, she didn't think a military habitat was the right environment for the children. Do you have a family, Captain? You should make the time. I've learned that our work, in the end, means very little. Our real legacy is the children. I would do anything to protect mine. After I was told of the threat from humanity I left my theoretical studies and agreed to design the prototype weapon. When it arrived in your star system, I watched the incoming telemetry with the other members of the Council. Seven million lives were extinguished in front of my eyes. I asked myself how many of those were children. I suppose I've told you this before. Three years. My children may not even recognise me after so much. It's one of my colleagues. (He opens a channel.) DEGRA: Thalen, can you hear me? It's Degra. They haven't killed me yet. I need your help. My friend and I [Shuttle] Have escaped from an Insectoid prison. Their patrols are looking for us. Thalen, where are you? Is my family still there, are they safe? Thalen! There were more than a thousand primates and arboreals at that colony. I don't understand why it wasn't destroyed. [Command centre] You must forgive me. To me, it's been only a day since we were enemies. Giving you the coordinates to a classified installation is difficult. Yes. Not long. I'll tell them everything you did to help me. I'm a senior official. There won't be any problems. It's a diverse community. Far more pleasant than most military (The ship rattles.) [Cargo Bay two] More anomalies? What was the problem? Really. I'm curious, Jonathan. If we've been friends for as long as you say, I must have told you the names of my children. [Command centre] I'm sure I would have told you I just need you to tell me. [Command centre] What their names are. Which one is older. [Command centre] You'll never find the weapon. We were told humans were ruthless, but I didn't know you were also skilled at deception. (Archer is cleaned up and back in uniform.) I had my suspicions from the beginning, but it was the comm. signal from my colleague on Azati Prime that confirmed them. There's an Insectoid deuterium facility on Azati Prime. That's the last place my people would have gone to hide from them. If it weren't for that one mistake, your plan might have succeeded. I gave you what you thought you wanted. I doubt there's time for that. We both know my people are searching for me. Then I suggest you proceed there at maximum warp. [Command centre] That's impossible. Do nothing to help them. You'll never get close to the weapon! Our defence perimeter will destroy you!
The next series of tests is being prepared. If they are the first wave of an invasion it would be best for us to remain hidden. Let them keep searching.
It may seem odd to celebrate the completion of a weapon, particularly one designed to destroy an entire planet, but recall the words of Enarchis written some fifty years into the Great Diaspora. Without a world of our own we are but children lost in the wilderness. One day we'll emerge from this wilderness, and our work here will ensure that we'll never be lost again. To a new era for all Xindi. (They toast the sentiment.) [Council ship] (It is of reptilian design.) Welcome. Momentarily. Patience. We'll have to generate an extremely large vortex to accommodate that many vessels. A vortex of that size will be very unstable. You could lose one or more vessels. A message for you. It's not him. That one only killed seven million. This one will destroy an entire world. That's what I keep telling myself, but the reality is that a good number of the dead will be innocents, and children. ARBOREAL It's best not to think about it. It's difficult when you have children of your own. I wonder how they'll remember us. [Xindi shuttle] How do you know me? Repeat what you told him. Leave me alone with him, and take him as well. (reptilians all leave) I've never told that to anyone. Who are you? Continue. What lie would that be? That is not a lie! Of course. I've studied the Spheres. There is no evidence to support what you're saying. You expect me to believe that? (unzipping the pocket on Archer's sleeve) An initiation medal. You could have gotten it anywhere. The quantum dating confirms it. It's from the future. It also means she's been dealing with the Reptilians secretly. He said he saw Reptilians on Earth, in a place called Detroit, over a hundred years in the past. According to the human, they were developing a bioweapon. He spoke of it in great detail. If the Reptilians wanted to keep their actions a secret, the past would be a good place to do it. She may have taken them. And quickly. The weapon's been moved to a safe location, but it's nearly ready to be deployed. We may not know who the real enemy is. [Corridor] Quantum dating has produced inaccurate results before. Some members of the Council would sooner execute you than listen. We're not finished. We've been discussing other matters. We're not going anywhere. You can't threaten us. What about him? You agreed to hold off. Call off your vessels.
Perhaps my crew can help. (Over shots of T'Pol's dreams and anger outbursts.) There's a shorter route. A subspace corridor. I'll meet you at the far end in three days. Archer's ship was heavily damaged. They wouldn't stand a chance against one of our cruisers. Those readings were never confirmed. Then we won't ask their permission. They have to listen. His allegations are too important to simply dismiss. If Archer is telling the truth, then all the Council's efforts will have been for nothing. I've already considered that. We can protect them. Captain, you're early. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
I see you found my message. We have a great deal to discuss and I don't have much time. Come aboard my ship.  [Degra's ship] If we'd left you with the Reptilians they would have killed you. The Reptilians weren't very pleased about that either. If you're telling the truth, the future of my people is at stake. The precise date hasn't been determined yet. The weapon won't be launched for several days. Show us your proof and we'll do what we can to stop it.  [Mess hall] (Ration packs are being handed out.) A colleague, of sorts. Reptilians felt a toxin would be more effective on your species. Damron and his team disappeared shortly after the Council rejected his proposal. This appears to be Xindi technology, but I'd like to have our engineers confirm it. What caused his death? Perhaps your atmosphere was toxic to him. And if they are, you're saying the Expanse will no longer be compatible for us. There's also evidence of chronometric distortion. Time travel. You're determined not to trust him. And you've never wondered if she might have an agenda of her own? Captain Archer is expecting me. He claims to know a great deal about the Spheres. Perhaps my crew can help. I hope he'll be alright. Seventy eight, at our last count. We've had more time to study them than you. I never expected to meet anyone who'd suffered because of what I'd done. At the time, I thought the attack was necessary to save my people. That's right. Our escape from prison together. The reptilians are correct about one thing, Captain. You have an impressive facility for deception. Probably not. (referring to Sphere diagram) They are all connected by a subspace energy grid. Unfortunately our data on the Spheres' interiors is extremely limited. How did you get this? We've never been able to gain access to one. These scans are remarkably detailed for a military vessel. If we're successful, it will be again.  [Tucker's quarters] We masked our warp trail. I don't know how they found us.  [Degra's ship] Stand by. I said, stand by. You expect me to attack a reptilian warship? I did some work on their power systems. Their ship is heavily armoured. Those reptilians are Xindi. You're asking me to attack my own people.  [Degra's ship] (After undocking from Enterprise.) I want your word that my crew won't be punished. They would have contacted the Council and exposed our alliance. I had no choice.  [a wrecked area] You need to speak to the Council. With the evidence you've shown me, they'll have no choice but to take us seriously. I'm more concerned about the aquatics. They can be somewhat enigmatic, but if we can sway them we'll have the majority on our side. (hands over a PADD) These are the coordinates of the Council chamber. There's a shorter route, a subspace corridor. It's located in a nebula less than half a light year from here. That will show your helmsman how to get through it. I'll meet you at the far end in three days. I'll do everything I can to delay it. Use caution when you enter the nebula. A hostile species is known to prey on ships that approach it. Three days.  [Tucker's quarters]
They left me no choice.
And you had no authorisation to launch an attack. Their ship is critically damaged. They no longer pose a threat. You've questioned him long enough. We've arranged for his transport. He's already been severely beaten under your care. If he can't answer questions, we can't interrogate him. That isn't good enough. It wouldn't be the first of your assurances that fell short. We were told the reptilians attempted to build a bioweapon. As far as we're aware, reptilians don't possess the technology for time travel. Did they? You helped them to circumvent our authority. What happened to the bioweapon? It seems you can do more than we thought. Is it true your species built the Spheres? Do you? Because Archer offered something she hasn't. Proof. [Situation room]
I don't know what you're talking about.
Where are the others? I said the matter was urgent. I'm sorry to inconvenience you, but I'm sure you'll find the journey worth the effort. Not quite. The new prototype has been completed. We've scheduled a test. Three days. You'll be able to view the test remotely from this chamber. If everything goes as planned, we should be ready to deploy the final version in a month, maybe sooner. I hope you find that worth your time. [Command centre] Stand by. [Xindi Council chamber] We're confirming final [Weapon control centre] power readings. I wouldn't want you to be disappointed with the results. Deploy the weapon. (A big ball is dropped towards a moon.) Initiate firing protocols. (An alarm goes off) [Xindi Council chamber] A ship just entered the system. We can't identify it. Abort the test. Return the weapon to the launch platform. [Xindi Council chamber] Stand by. [Weapon control centre] Activate all defence systems. Contact the other vessels and have them intercept that ship. [Xindi Council chamber] We're securing the weapon. [Weapon control centre] I'll resume contact when I can. You've entered restricted space. Leave immediately. [Weapon control centre] I don't care what you're looking for. Turn your ship around and leave. Deactivate your scans and leave, or we'll destroy you. The device was building to an overload. We were forced to shut it down. I need [Weapon control centre] Time to analyse the data. [Xindi Council chamber] Once I've recovered the device, I'll have more information. What is it? The Andorians? Send the escort ships to intercept. We have to keep them away from the weapon. [Bridge] They're working together. Get our ships back here now! [Bridge] (the reptilian design ships are attacking Enterprise)
Nearly all of it. Three of my researchers were killed. I haven't been able to assess how much data was lost. This will obviously delay us. Months perhaps. I'm not certain. Think what you're asking me to do. Build a weapon to destroy an entire world. Do you understand how difficult, how dangerous this project is? You agreed to give me more time. You don't have enough data to construct the bio-weapon.
We're preparing to test the weapon on an uninhabited planet in the Calindra system, but we're going to need another shipment of kemocite. At least one hundred kilograms. A matter of weeks.  [Command centre] We did surprise them by arriving early. You could learn something from them. Patience, for example. Where's Gralik? Without his analysis I can't proceed. If you saw the drone, you knew we were here. Why didn't you return? What are you doing? Finish quickly.  [Ridge overlooking refinery] We appreciate your efforts. Perhaps. (In the shuttle, Archer swaps a canister of kemocite for the modified one.) It concerns all of us. We've learned there's a threat to our people. A ruthless alien species. If we don't act, they'll destroy us. (Archer is running off to the hills. The reptilian turns to follow Gralik's gaze and sees nothing) Take pride in what you've done here.  [Bridge]
You need to speak to the Council. With the evidence you've shown me they'll have no choice but to take us seriously. Is it true your species built the Spheres? [Degra's ship] You expect me to attack a Reptilian warship? (Degra's ship blows up the attacker.) They would have contacted the Council and exposed our alliance. If Archer is telling the truth, then all the Council's efforts will be for nothing. [Trans-dimensional space] (A milky atmosphered place with no points of reference, just the camera swooping from one white bald female figure to another.) That could help us with the Council. How do you plan to get inside it? I'll send over whatever's in my database. [Armoury] When it's finished compiling, send it to Enterprise. Dismissed. Dismissed! (but the crewman only leaves when Builder nods) What do you want? I can't. I don't regret what I'm doing. Many of us have wondered that. No. How I'm remembered isn't for you to decide. You never deserved my faith. [Ready room] The Sphere Builders have lied to the Xindi. They've manipulated us for decades. I see that. Perhaps the arboreals will, and the others. The evidence may not be enough. The Sphere Builders saved the Xindi from extinction. When our home world was destroyed they began appearing to the survivors. They'd guide them to habitable planets, show them the location of valuable resources. They're practically worshipped. We call them the Guardians. I was brought up to revere them. I taught my own children to give thanks to them at the end of each day. That is what we're facing. The Klingons weren't determined to destroy your world. But the evidence is strong, perhaps it will be enough. We'll face the Council together. I may take my seat at the Council table, but I'll be at your side no matter what happens. Humanoids, arboreals and aquatics. They're with us. When we reach the Council's location we'll need their protection. [Corridor] Certain members have more influence than others. You know Jannar, the arboreal. He's fair-minded, a scientist, he'll listen to the facts. I count him as a friend. Unfortunately the other members are somewhat more complicated. The aquatics for instance. Kiaphet Amman'sor is a member of the Ibix dynasty, a very wealthy, very powerful family. Her opinions carry considerable weight when she arrives at them. There's a saying. It's easier to count the stars in the sky than it is for an aquatic to reach a decision. As for the insectoids, well, their names grow longer the older they get, so they become a little difficult to pronounce. In many ways insectoids are the opposite of the aquatics. Which brings us to the reptilians, and Commander Dolim. There's a story about him. I don't know if it's true, I'd like to believe it isn't. His daughter gave birth to a son. He had a deformity in his right arm, not life-threatening but enough to preclude his ever joining the military. Commander Dolim had his own grandson poisoned. As I said, it may be just a story, but as a father it's always in the back of my mind whenever I have dealings with him. [Reptilian Solar room] This is Degra. We're escorting Enterprise to the Council. [Reptilian Bridge] Power down your weapons [Reptilian Bridge] And withdraw. Power down your weapons now. [Reptilian Bridge] We're prepared to destroy your vessel if necessary. [Reptilian Bridge] You're outnumbered and outgunned. There's no need for this. I assure [Reptilian Bridge] You the Earth ship poses no danger. I look forward to it. [Shuttlepod] Aquatics respect boldness and confidence. They view hushed tones with suspicion. Not too loudly. The Insectoids interpret raised voices as a sign of hostility. You should see it in a moment. The only way in is through the air. These cloud layers are present throughout the year. It's perfectly concealed. (The buildings are carved into the mountain peaks.) The sixth Xindi race. This was built centuries before they became extinct. According to our archaeologists it's over four thousand years old. [Council corridor] (to Reptilian guards) Move aside. (They do, reluctantly.) I'm fully prepared to explain my actions. There's no cause for threats. It's the truth. The data is accurate. Anyone with an objective eye will come to the same conclusion. My judgment is perfectly sound. You were trying to prevent us from reaching this Council. Any vessel that attacks Enterprise will be fired upon. Wait. (Dolim punches him, Archer goes to help and is pushed over by the Insectoid. Hoshi translates what the Insectoid said to Archer.) We knew it wasn't going to be easy. The Aquatics weigh every argument in excruciating detail. For a long time, they were against building the weapon. It showed mankind destroying our new homeworld. It was powerful evidence. (Archer looks at a skull.) Perhaps not. There might be a way to convince them. I'll require the services of your ship's Doctor. [Reptilian Bridge] Yes, this will be very helpful. (The images of the dying alien from Harbinger.) It was developed by the aquatics. They have an innate distrust of the spoken word. They respond more strongly to visual stimuli. The Captain would like you to assist me with the work. Your Captain thinks there's no one better to make these modifications. [Corridor] I agree. I understand you and I will always be enemies. I can't change what happened to your sister or any of the seven million but I'm risking my life, I'm risking the lives of my family, I've killed members of my own species, all because I'm trying to save both our worlds. We've completed the work. Mister Tucker was extremely co-operative. I know it isn't easy for him, working with me. (He turns to leave again.) What you're seeing is a biometric hologram. It's the same technology used to train our physicians. It was constructed from medical data collected by Enterprise's medical doctor. Humans don't have the technology to produce a fabrication of this detail. There's been a development. The Reptilians have agreed to postpone the launch of the weapon. They'll need more convincing before they solidify their position, but this is a significant step. That future you spoke of. Perhaps this is where it begins. (Degra and Archer shake hands.) Of course. If I had suffered your loss I'd feel the same way. Shall we get to work? Come in. I wasn't expecting you. I've always found it to be peaceful. Stench? I was surprised by your decision to postpone the launch. I hope the other members will come to the same conclusion. I agree. (Dolim looks at Degra's computer display.) I'm assisting them with their engine repairs. What do you mean? I don't know what you're talking about. They left me no choice.
