If they had made us the dominant species before the wars our homeworld would still exist. We should be grateful that the Guardians have finally come to their senses. Once Earth is destroyed, the reptilians will take their rightful place at the head of a new Xindi empire. (Each eats a live mouse) [Degra's ship] When we exit the vortex, how close will we be? Two million! Do what ever it takes to fire the weapon as quickly as possible. [Engineering] Lieutenant, we're about to drop into normal space. [Weapon control platform] Stand by to initiate the firing sequence. Are you detecting any Earth vessels near the co-ordinates? Let me see Earth. (A little blue-white dot in the middle of the viewscreen.) Enlarge. It's a shame. All that water. The Aquatics would feel at home here. [Bridge] The Guardian said that once Earth is gone we're to destroy all human colonies. I see no reason not to begin with this station. Target. Fire when ready. (They fire two shots. There's a series of secondary explosions and the little station falls apart in a ball of fire.) [Degra's ship] [Witnessing the callous act of terrorism.) Who's on Degra's ship? Have their weapons been upgraded? Pathetic. Prepare to intercept. [Degra's ship] You said there were no human vessels in the vicinity. Destroy them both. [Shran's Bridge] (Taking hits from the Reptilian weapons.) These ships are drawing us away from the weapon. Get us back! [Bridge] (The Builders start disrupting any system they can put their hands into.) What have you done! (They fight. The Reptilian is much stronger, and almost throws him to his death, but he grabs a rail in time. Explosions shake the weapon and Dolim looses his footing as Archer clambers back up and starts kicking him in the face. Dolim soon fights back, throwing Archer against a stanchion.) [Shran's Bridge]
You've left me no choice. (stabs him in the chest) The crew of that ship are the last Xindi you'll ever betray. Do you really believe we haven't considered that? We were impressed with your linguistic abilities. Aquatic is difficult to master. I've heard it spoken my entire life but still, it doesn't come easily to me. We have some encoded data we need translated. I have confidence in your abilities. If you refuse, we'll have no further use for you. Get her ready for the procedure. (Hoshi struggles as she's strapped into a nasty metal chair.) We'll see how defiant she is after our surgeons have finished with her. We'll have the launch codes soon enough. [Launch bay] (The shuttlepod is back safe and sound, and Tucker opens the hatch. Hayes is with him. T'Pol hands over a memory core from the Sphere.) Co-operate and this won't be necessary. Wait. After the injection, the parasites will invade your neocortex. Once they begin reconfiguring your synaptic pathways you'll me much more compliant. Before your primate brain is too badly damaged to understand, I want to thank you for helping us destroy your world. (Hoshi spits in his face, then the parasites are injected into her head and she screams.) [Situation room] Report. You understand what we want you to do? And you realise we need this done quickly. Are you? (He pulls her to her feet.) She's more resistant than I imagined. Prepare her for another procedure. (Hoshi tries to run but there's no where to go except jump into the middle of the weapon. They stop her and haul her back.) You would sacrifice yourself to stop us. Don't worry. You won't have to live with your guilt for long. (She's taken away.) You were ordered to watch her. [Command centre] The Council has disbanded. The weapon is under our control. As soon as we decrypt the third launch code. We've encountered some difficulties. Then perhaps you can provide more of your valuable assistance. Help us get the code. It should be a simple matter to peer into the past, extract the necessary data. Really? You've seen more than enough detail to learn how to meddle in our affairs, to turn the Xindi species against each other. Then finish what you've started, if it's within your power. Is there another problem? The third launch code. It appears the primate was useful after all. Take her back to her cell. Initiate the pre-arming protocols. Inform me when the weapon is ready for launch. Captain's starlog, February 13th, 2154. We're preparing to enter a Xindi vortex, thanks to some help from the aquatics. If everything goes as planned, we'll intercept the weapon in less than two hours. Enterprise may be coming apart at the seams, but I can't say the same for the crew. After nearly eight months in the Expanse they're ready to do what they came to do. No matter what it takes, no matter what the cost. (An enormous Aquatic ship is at the centre of the flotilla.) [Armoury] Excellent. Inform me when you are ready. I'll be in my thermal chamber. (An alarm sounds.) What is it? Where? No. (Three ships appear.) Send a patrol to intercept them. Target them. Have Commander Kolo's squadron maintain position. [Bridge] Target the Earth vessel. Lieutenant. [Weapon Control area] We must deploy the weapon now. In another five minutes it will be destroyed [Weapon Control area] And you along with it. [Hoshi's cell] (The MACO's take out a guard then blow the door open. Hoshi is lying on the floor, unconscious.) And the anomalies? The Guardians will not let us fail. [Transporter alcove] What's your status? Open a vortex. Set a course for Earth. (The big, round nasty disappears from sight.) [Bridge] We were fortunate. He also started a civil war between our species. Degra was a traitor. Then it's a good thing we already have your launch codes. (ends communication) Lock weapons on their ship. I won't risk any more interference. Fire. (The little ship is hit, and smashes against the weapon.) [Airlock] (Degra's ship is docked, and two MACOs carry Hoshi on a stretcher.)
Where is Degra? Enter. What is it? Where? I want to know how it was destroyed. Begin an analysis. Yes. Contact the lead ship. Degra. I was just thinking of you. How many [Degra's ship] Prisoners have you taken? For what purpose? [Degra's ship] What makes you think I would let you bring an enemy ship into a security zone? [Degra's ship] I don't take orders from you. What! You would fire on a Xindi vessel? [Degra's ship] Prepare to return fire! [Degra's ship] I'll see you in the Council chamber. [Degra's ship] You've brought humans into this Chamber, Degra. Explain yourself, if you expect them to leave here alive. You reek of desperation. You would say anything to save your world, as evidenced by this manufactured data. You have no idea what the truth is. Your sympathy for these humans has corrupted your judgment. Were you using sound judgment when you attacked my ship? I was protecting this Council! I refuse to listen to any more of this. Enough! I demand the immediate seizure of the Earth ship. You will not defy this Council. And we never will as long as we listen to this human's lies. If this Council will not defend it's people then it has no reason to exist. (starts to walk out) Archer has achieved nothing. I couldn't prevent it. The weapon will be deployed. My Lieutenant simply wants to know that there's a way to persuade the Council. The weapon's well guarded. The casualties on both sides would be heavy. We'd be risking civil war. Understood. (The Builder vanishes and he goes to his Lieutenant.) If you ever question the Guardians again your skin will adorn the bow of this ship. [Sickbay] Have you manufactured more data to support this claim? We are open to hearing more. There are some things we need to discuss. (looking out of the window) I've never liked this place. It's too exposed. Reptilians prefer to be near the ground. And then there's the stench. Of failure. Of a race that failed to survive. It seemed like the right thing to do. They'll fall into line. I have always believed that all Xindi long for unification. It's in our blood. The Earth ship. They've found quite an ally in you. A pity you haven't extended the same friendship to your fellow Xindi. We recovered a sensor encoder from our missing scout ship. It was in the cloaking barrier of a Sphere. We were able to extract the final scans it took before they were destroyed by you. The evidence is irrefutable. We have an image of your ship firing. Don't try to deny what you did. And you've left me no choice. (Dolim stabs Degra in the chest.) The crew of that ship are the last Xindi you'll ever betray. When the humans have been eliminated, when the Council has been replaced by reptilian rule, I am going to find your wife and children and do the same to them. Your traitorous bloodline will end at the tip of my blade. [Sickbay] With pride. He was a traitor. Degra destroyed a Reptilian ship. Twenty two crewmen died. I only regret not doing it sooner. You have a decision to make. We've taken control of the weapon. We're going to launch it. Either you stand with us, or you stand against us. Call it what you will. Then we withdraw from this Council. It's lasted too long. You've become complacent. Do you really believe we haven't considered that? [Engineering] Forget the others. Target Enterprise. (They hit the port nacelle.) Get the female. [Bridge] (Hoshi is beamed away.) The female? (A crewman nods.) Take us into the vortex. (The weapon and ships disappear from view.) [Bridge]
