Well then, have Solbor bring us more. The good Ranjen doesn't much care for me, does he? Are you happy, Adami? Our world will be reborn. And you will be its leader. Yes. I will be at your side. We won't fail them. But the Restoration will not come without struggle. There will be those who will stand in our way. Even those who claim to speak in their name. In your vision, the Prophets said he'd faltered. There you are. What do you mean? It would bore you. What is it? What's happened? Blessed be the Prophets. They were what? Eminence, are you sure that's wise? What do the Prophets He'll be here any moment. He said there were certain security precautions that had to be observed before the Orb was allowed to leave the Shrine. May I ask what you're planning? There's nothing to fear. What? Adami, I know this may be hard to hear, but you must listen. I've hidden something from you. I didn't come here by chance. I had a vision. The true gods of Bajor came to me and asked me to serve them. The Pah wraiths. They led me to you. They're not evil. They care about Bajor. They want to make Bajor strong. Listen to me. Enough! The Prophets have done nothing for you. During the occupation, they turned their backs and let our people suffer. You've sacrificed everything for them, and how have they rewarded you? They've appointed an alien Emissary. They've rejected you at every turn. Even now they won't speak to you. Shh. Listen to me, please. The Pah wraiths will give you everything you've ever dreamt of. The power, the adoration of your people. In spite of your protestations of humility, that's what you really want. Admit it. Stop pretending to be something you're not. Take what they're offering you. Go. Crawl back to your Prophets. Beg their forgiveness. Live the rest of your life in Sisko's shadow. (Dukat leaves.) (A lot later, Winn is sitting on the floor in front of the Orb.) I can understand why. You shouldn't have to. Merciful gods don't ask their children to make such sacrifices. They are not worthy of you, Adami. I'll walk with you, and no one will be able to stand against us.
You have to trust me. Things are going to change on Cardassia. I don't have time to explain. You're leaving now. It's him, isn't it? That despicable tailor. You don't want to leave because you're waiting for him? Your concern is touching, Major, but I think you misunderstand me. I'm not attacking the Dominion fleet I'm joining it. I'm afraid I have a confession to make, Major. For the past few months, I've been conducting secret negotiations between the Dominion and Cardassia. And as of last week, Cardassia has agreed to become part of the Dominion. Goodbye, Major. You and I on the same side. It never seemed quite right, did it? (on viewscreen) You might ask, should we fear joining the Dominion? And I answer you, not in the least. We should embrace the opportunity. The Dominion recognises us for what we are. [Wardroom] (on monitor) The true leaders of the Alpha Quadrant. And now that we are joined together, equal partners in all endeavours, the only people with anything to fear will be our enemies. My oldest son's birthday is in five days. To him and to Cardassians everywhere, I make the following pledge. By the time his birthday dawns, there will not be a single Klingon alive inside Cardassian territory or a single Maquis colony left within our borders. Cardassia will be made whole. All that we have lost will be ours again, and anyone who stands in our way will be destroyed. This I vow with my life's blood. For my son, for all our sons. Please, Captain. Show a little respect. You are talking to the head of the Cardassian government. Your recognition is irrelevant. Because the fact is, Captain, I feel a certain obligation toward you. After all, I freely admit you saved my life on more than one occasion. Oh, no, you should be glad you did. Because now I'm going to return the favour and give you a chance to save your precious Federation. All you have to do is convince them to follow Cardassia's example. I expect you to behave rationally. Joining the Dominion will save billions of lives and keep the Federation from fading into the mists of history. I'm afraid you'll like the alternative even less. Then I'll make it simple then A few days ago, I swore all Cardassia had lost would be regained. That space station you're so fond of was built by Cardassia. Either surrender the station, or I'll take it by force. The choice is yours. Well, Captain, I must congratulate you. If that protomatter device had gone off inside the sun, well, the death toll would have been enormous. Ziyal made her choice. As far as I'm concerned, she is no longer my daughter. One man's villain is another man's hero, Captain. You should see the monument they're erecting in my honour at the gateway to the Imperial Plaza. What I did I did to make Cardassia strong again. And mark my words, Captain, I succeeded. You may have escaped defeat this day but tomorrow Yes, we will. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Ah. Is something wrong, my dear? Name it. You're joking. I can't free Rom, Ziyal. He's been sentenced to death by the Dominion. Tell me something, Ziyal. Were you involved in any way with the plans to sabotage this station? You're sure of that? I can't help you unless you tell me the truth. About what? I do regret them, Ziyal. Deeply. Rom is an enemy of the state, and enemies of the state do not deserve mercy. I am a Cardassian. And so are you. Ziyal. [Quark's] (Sitting on the spiral staircase.) There. Over there. That flash of light was the anti-graviton beam hitting a mine. Exactly. Didn't you see it? For months you've been demanding that I take down those mines and now that it's finally happening, you can't even see it? Excuse me? Ah, there's another one. Once we disable the replication units in all the mines, we can detonate the entire minefield. And I guarantee you, weak eyes or not, that explosion you will see. Approximately seventy eight hours. Three more days and we can start to bring the Jem'Hadar reinforcements through the wormhole. Did you? Go ahead. Isn't that where Captain Sisko is stationed? Well, we'll have to find out, won't we? Some day, I'll let you teach him that lesson. But right now, there's something more pressing I need you to do. It's of a personal nature, a matter of some delicacy. It's about my daughter. We've had a misunderstanding. I want you to go and convince her to speak with me. I've given you an order, Damar. We're on the verge of a great victory, and when it comes I want my daughter at my side. Is that understood? [Cargo bay] Our initial intelligence reports have been verified. The Federation fleet is on the move. Yes. It appears they're headed here. So it would seem. Yes. Yes, we will. But in order to do that, I'm going to have to pull a significant number of our ships off the front lines. Come in. (Battered and bruised Damar enters.) I understand. One moment, please. (Dukat pushes Damar to the far end of the office.) Kira? What about Ziyal? Did you talk to her? What did you do to Ziyal? Then why did the Major attack you? You must have done something, threatened my daughter in some way. Damar, I told you to be tactful. Yes, of course. You're quite right. I'm going to call back enough ships to destroy the Federation fleet and hold this station. (Weyoun leaves.) That's right. Now I want to know exactly what went on between you and Ziyal. [Promenade - upper level]
Ah, Major Kira. I'm ready to leave whenever you are. [Runabout] Very good, Major. Believe me, Major, I want nothing more than for this mission to be concluded as quickly and as efficiently as possible. I leave the details in your capable hands. The Ravinok was under my general command. Those were my troops and it is my duty to try to find them. The question is, what are you doing here, Major? One of the prisoners, I assume? I see. So you're on this mission for personal reasons. Not at all. I've found that when one is trying to do a difficult job, personal reasons can be quite an incentive. So who was he? A family member, a compatriot, a lover? Ah. The infamous Shakaar resistance. We never could eliminate that little group of yours. And it was not from lack of trying, I assure you. I hope you don't take this the wrong way, Major, but I've always admired you. You are the embodiment of the new Bajor. A Bajoran born out of the ashes of the occupation, a Bajoran tempered with Cardassian steel. I know you find this to accept, but I believe that in some ways the Occupation actually helped Bajor. I have no desire to debate the merits of the Occupation with you. I'm even willing to admit that perhaps we were a little harsh in our methods. But the fact is, the Bajoran people are stronger now than they have been in centuries. When we arrived, you were a weak, contemplative race, choking on your isolation. And now you have a new confidence, a whole new sense of purpose, not to mention a key role in the future of this entire quadrant. Think what you must, But I believe the time will come when Cardassia and Bajor will grow to be not only allies but also close friends. All I ask is that you have an open mind. Is that a request, or an order? Well, in that case, as much as it pains me. (Dukat shuts his mouth and leans back in his seat.) It appears to be composed of uridium alloy. It's definitely Cardassian. And my government would be very happy to get their hands on you. Razka Karn, if I'm not mistaken. Smuggler, thief, black marketeer. There are at least twelve outstanding warrants for your arrest on Cardassia right now. But I suggest we ignore all that and try to cooperate with one another. It's from the Ravinok. No doubt about it. Dozaria. I believe there is one class M planet in that system. The Central Command always believed that the ship was destroyed in some kind of escape attempt by the Bajoran prisoners. Hopefully we'll find the truth. I'm reading severe ionic interference in the planet's atmosphere. Sensors will be limited, to say the least. Shall we beam down? It's going to be a difficult landing. I'll take the controls if you like. Invigorating, isn't it. A bit sunny, perhaps, but this heat feels wonderful. Oh, I forgot. Compared to us, you Bajorans are a bit fragile, physiologically speaking, of course. Looks like she put up quite a fight. There were eighteen crewmembers and thirty two prisoners aboard. First things first. We need to identify these bodies. No. Our funeral rites are very strict. It would dishonour the dead for a non-Cardassian to view the remains. No doubt. But if memory's correct, Bajorans are much more concerned with the souls of the dead than they are with the physical remains. How did Kai Meressa put it? What remains after death is but a shell, a sign that the pagh has begun its final journey to the Prophets. Please, Major, don't make this any more difficult for me than it already is. You'll need the command codes. Yes. Very good, Major. Very good. [Ravinok] (The ship is a mess. Kira gets the computer online.) [Crash site] (Dukat has opened several graves. He takes out an earring, then a bracelet and sits down to stare at them. Kira comes out of the wreck.) Her name was Tora Naprem. You see, Major, you're not the only one who had a friend aboard that ship. It wasn't like that. Naprem and I loved each other. Ironic, isn't it? No. And she's never going to find out. Now if you don't mind, Major, I'd rather not talk about this right now. Here are the earrings you wanted. Then the survivors could have been captured and taken away. We should go up in the runabout and scan for them from orbit. Enough for what? Let's go. [Campsite] (Night has fallen.) I don't know why we have to stop. I don't know. I sat on something. I sat on something! Ooo, get it out. Get it out! It already hurts. Just take it out. OW! (She pulls out a big plant spine.) This isn't funny. You know what's even funnier? This doesn't work. Ah. Ah, yes. Oh, much better. Ah, I haven't had field rations in a very long time. I'm sure they haven't improved a bit. What? I suppose you wouldn't believe me if I told you she was Naprem's sister? I was her father. Not quite. You see, if my daughter is still alive, I'll have no choice but to kill her. [Desert] (Next day, on the march.) Major, why don't you worry about the other survivors and let me worry about Ziyal. After all, she is my daughter. I have a wife and seven children. They are my family. They are the ones I must protect. You're right. I should have. But I made a mistake. A mistake I intend to correct. What kind of life would that be for her? Your people have never exactly welcomed half-Cardassian children into your society. That's why I sent her and her mother away in the first place. I knew the Occupation was coming to an end, and that there'd be no place for them on Bajor or Cardassia. They were not on their way to a prison camp. The Ravinok was supposed to rendezvous with a freighter which would take Naprem and Ziyal to Lissepia, where they could live out their lives in some sort of peace. Because my position isn't nearly as stable as it once was. By aligning myself with the new civilian government, I've made many enemies. Enemies that wouldn't hesitate to use Ziyal against me. By protecting myself, I am protecting them. I did love her. And when I bury Ziyal, I'll weep over her grave just as I wept over her mother's. But that will not stop me from doing what I have to do. Do you understand? And when the time comes, I suggest you stay out of my way. [Sisko's quarters] (Jake is having breakfast.) Breen? What are they doing here? It makes perfect sense. The Breen homeworld is a frozen wasteland. This place is about fifty degrees too hot for them. No, not at all. I do admire their ingenuity. My daughter. I have a better idea. You go back to the station. I'll stay here. And I hate to refuse it, but I'm afraid I must. You're welcome to file an official protest with the Cardassian military when we get back. Well, then I suggest we devise a plan to rescue these prisoners together. You need me, Major. (keeping his helmet closed) Gather as many prisoners as you can. Tell them to meet us here. (opens his helmet) My condolences, Major, but we don't have time for this. Tell me where I can find Tora Ziyal. I need to find the girl. Where is she? (They get shot at. Everyone ducks and Dukat gives his gun to Heler before running off. Kira shoots a Breen.) Where is Tora Ziyal? (Kira goes hunting for Dukat.) [Chamber] (Ziyal is filling a container from a well.) Ziyal. I have no choice. No. Ziyal. Let's go home. [Cargo bay] Major. Waiting for me aboard my ship. We'll be leaving for Cardassia shortly. I just wanted to say thank you, Major, for a most interesting journey. After six years, she deserves a home and a father. I'll let you know. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Ah, Major, there you are. I'm sorry to wake you. Oh, don't bother, Major. I guarantee you won't be able to trace this transmission. Because that's not why I called. I want to help you, Major, the way Captain Sisko helped me. Captain Sisko gave me the clarity to see beyond the lies, the self-deceptions that were controlling my life. He helped me see to the truth about myself. And now I'm going to do the same for you. And what better day to do it than on your mother's birthday. She was a striking woman, your mother. Although when we first met, she was very self-conscious about that scar along the side of her face. She used to try to cover it up with a strand of hair. Singha refugee centre? I'm afraid not, Major. That was something your father told you because he couldn't bear to face the truth. That your mother left him to be with me. Your mother and I were lovers almost from the moment we met, and we remained lovers until the day she died. I see you have lilacs on your nightstand. Your mother would have been touched. She loved Bajoran lilacs. There. I told you the truth was liberating, Major. Now don't you feel better? I do. (After the opening credits, Kira is dressed and at her computer.) Basso! That's enough. Welcome to Terok Nor. I hope your stay here will be a pleasant one. I assure you, I will do everything possible to make it so. I suspect that many of you must be feeling a bit uneasy right now. I'm well aware that among the Bajoran population there is a perception that all Cardassians are to be feared, that we are a cruel and heartless people. I hope to change that. Not with words, but with actions, in the hope that you will come to appreciate the better part of our nature. I assure you we are capable of great kindness. Stay where you are. Your families will be well taken care of. That, I promise you. (Dukat discovers her scar.) What is this? Basso. Get me a dermal regenerator. Now. I'm afraid to ask how you came by such a mark. On the contrary, it's an unfortunate reminder of the gulf that exists between our two peoples. It must be removed immediately. Just relax. It's all right. Relax. (And Dukat heals the scar.) There. Beautiful. Carry on. (Dukat leaves.) Let her go. I said, let her go. I don't care what you were saying. I don't like what you were doing. Now get away from her. Are you all right? Basso, escort this woman back to her quarters and see that her privacy is respected. I only hope you won't condemn us all for the boorish behaviour of one man. (Meru and Basso leave.) That I'm not the monster you think I am. (Dukat carries a vase of lilacs.) You see? I told you I'd find a big enough vase. What do you think? I don't think your friend approves of the flowers, or of me. Meru, are you sure this is the woman you want as your companion? As you wish. The fact is, I've treated Meru with nothing but kindness and consideration. If you don't believe me, ask her. I'll be back as soon as this meeting is finished. (Dukat kisses Meru and leaves. Kira looks like she's about to be sick.) Whatever makes you happy, my dear. (Meru hugs Kira.) Thank you, Basso. That'll be all. Don't concern yourself with Luma. She's not going to cause us any more trouble, are you? No, it isn't. Well, Basso, you heard. Find her some quarters. This is for you. I think you'll find it very interesting. I'll be in my study if you need me. (Dukat leaves. Kira activates the earring bomb and puts it into a pot plant.) What? Meru! [Corridor] Get out of the way! (Boom! and they go flying down the corridor.) Meru, Meru. [Temple of Iponu] (And so vision ends.) [Captain's office]
Major, I must say I'm shocked. You use my daughter to lure me here, you're asking me to risk my ship on some fool's errand into the Klingon Empire, and you're pregnant. I hope First Minister Shakaar appreciates what a lucky man he is. Then who is? Well, at least there's one good thing about your condition. You won't be going on this suicidal mission. How can Sisko be so deluded to think he and three of his crewmen can infiltrate Klingon military headquarters? They'll be caught in a heartbeat. Captain, I insist we make a holographic record of the four of you. Consider it payment in full for the use of my vessel. Damar, let's not spoil this special moment with predictions of doom. Even you have to appreciate the audacity of Captain Sisko's plan. Oh, don't worry, Captain. By the time we get to Ty'Gokor, we'll have something suitably impressive to plant in their central computer system. The Order of the Bat'leth? Don't you think you might be overdoing it? That should make for a very interesting evening. [Captain's office] We're being hailed by another bird of prey. We're hailing them back. I wouldn't worry. This happens all the time. By all means. It's a shame you can't see the holo-image I'm projecting over the comm. system. I make quite an imposing Klingon. What do you mean it's not working? I have a better idea. (And fires a spread of torpedoes. KaBOOM!) It was either that or trust in Mister Worf's ability to lie. And frankly, I have more faith in my weapons. Get us out of here, Damar. I want to put as much distance between us and that wreckage as possible. (They arrive at Ty'Gokor, a planet surrounded by space stations and space ships.) Well, Captain, I've enjoyed your company as always, but it appears it is time we said goodbye. I don't envy your assignment. Which is why we'll be leaving as soon as you beam down. I really don't see any pressing need to come back. I realise that. But how long do you think we can stay here undetected without the holofilter? Besides, if you succeed, the war will be over and you won't need us. And if you fail. I haven't survived this long by being sloppy, Mister Worf. (to Sisko) And now Jodmos, son of Kobor, your medal awaits you. [Ty'Gokor corridor] (Sisko, Worf, Odo and O'Brien beam in.)
I understand you're planning a trip. I can't believe that a man of your intelligence would take stock in Bajoran fairy tales about ancient contact. I suggest you reconsider your plans. Solar vessels are very fragile, and it's a long way to the Denorias Belt at sublight speeds. An hour can be a long time, especially if you happen to encounter something unexpected. Oh, I don't know. A Maquis ship perhaps. Commander, I contacted you out of concern for your safety, but you seem to be intimating that I've made some sort of threat. Since I don't seem to be able to dissuade you from undertaking this little voyage of yours, I'll wish you luck instead. Let's hope you don't need it. [Bajoran ship] (The bizarre little ship leaves DS9 - don't ask how.) Well, I wanted to be the first one to congratulate you. On managing to make it all the way here. Don't you know? You've just entered the Cardassian system. I hate to interrupt your celebration, Commander, but I've been asked to convey a message from the Cardassian Government. (reads) Your voyage is a testament to the spirit of the ancient Bajorans who first ventured out into space. It could not be more appropriate that your arrival coincides with the discovery here on Cardassia of an ancient crash site, a site that our archaeologists believe contains the remnants of one of the Bajoran vessels whose journey you have just recreated. Yes, isn't it. Welcome. (The Cardassians put on a 'fireworks' display for them.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Hello, Major. I'm to escort you to your meeting on Korma. Thanks to you. If you had not convinced me to bring my half-Bajoran daughter back to Cardassia, I'd still be Chief Military Advisor to the Detepa Council. Exactly one week after my mother disowned me and my wife took our children and left. And as a reward for following your advice, I have been relegated to ferrying freight. And, occasionally, various foreign dignitaries such as yourself. No, no, no. I blame no one but myself. I was indiscreet. I compromised myself and have been punished accordingly. If someone under my command had behaved so outrageously, I would do the same to him. Besides, I assure you, this is only a temporary setback. Everything I have lost, I will regain. It's only a matter of time. Now, may I take your bags? Please? [Stateroom] (When the doorbell rings, Kira puts PADDs she's been working on into the wall safe.) Shields at maximum. Maintain scan. What's taking so long? I want those weapons online now! Lock on target. Fire! (An asteroid is blown up.) Time? That's pitiful. A crew of Ferengi scrap peddlers could do better than that. Select another target. We'll do it again. This may be a lowly freighter, Major, but it's still a military vessel and will be run in a military manner. Thank you, Major. That's very helpful. And if we had an anodyne capacitor, we would use it. But we don't. Major, please forgive me. I do appreciate your suggestion. Any anger I may have expressed was due to my frustration over the complete inadequacy of this vessel. I hope you'll allow me to make it up to you. I was hoping we might have dinner together. After all, it is Cardassian tradition for the commanding officer of a ship to entertain his guests. My last bottle. It's one of the things I miss most about Bajor. I'm very glad that you convinced me not to kill her. You may not believe this, Major, but when it comes to Ziyal I regret nothing. By the way, Major. What is this I hear about you and Shakaar? First it was Vedek Bareil, and now it's the head of the Bajoran government. You do like powerful men, don't you? Let's just say it's further incentive for me to regain my former position. I must say, I've always admired Shakaar's success with women. The intelligence file I kept on him during the occupation is filled with reports of his conquests. In fact, if you remember correctly, you were the only female in his resistance cell that he didn't charm. At least until now. More wine, Major? (Alarm) I didn't schedule one. [Freighter Bridge] What are you talking about? Then we have to assume that everyone at the outpost, including the Cardassian and the Bajoran dignitaries, is dead. On screen. (A Klingon Bird of Prey decloaks) Klingons. Full power to forward shields. What are they doing? Then why were they cloaked when we arrived? They'll pay for their arrogance. Charge phaser banks. Must I remind you, Major, they just murdered your people as well as mine? We're the only Cardassian ship in the area. I'm not going to let these Klingons escape unchallenged. Lock phasers on target. You heard the Major. Fire! (The shot barely scratches the paint) Divert all power to forward shields. Well, it would seem we're not worth destroying. I suppose from their point of view, there's no honour in destroying a worthless freighter. I have to inform Central Command. These Klingons have been operating behind our lines with impunity. Somebody has got to stop them. Someone else. Probably in the Dopa System somewhere. That's true, but what can we do about it? A few moments ago, you were advising caution. What would be the point? I doubt we can lure the Klingons back to the outpost. What kind of alterations? [Cargo hold] Here? In the cargo hold? Because the outpost's planetary defense weapons are system five disruptors. They were never designed to operate aboard a moving spacecraft, and this cargo bays were never designed to hold them. And more like you? And you really think we can make those weapons operational on this ship? I suppose if we disable the tractor beam, we could reroute enough power to operate one of the disruptors. But those weapons are huge. What do we do with all this cargo? All of it? Some traditions are hard to break. You never cease to impress me, Major. I've got a lot to learn from you. [Freighter Bridge] Open the cargo bay doors. Are you ready? Diverting all power to your station. Fire! (The ship shakes and the asteroid goes KaBOOM!) Very impressive, Major. I want those leaks fixed immediately. Major, I'm confident you'll have that disruptor running so smoothly it wouldn't wake a sleeping child. I suppose it's because of my overwhelming charm. But you must admit it is rather amusing. When we do destroy that bird of prey, it will no doubt go a long way toward restoring my reputation. And I have you to thank for it. Major, why are you so reluctant to face the obvious? We make an excellent team. There were Cardassians at that outpost too. You judge me too harshly, Major. Maybe I am seeking to regain my former position. One which I earned through hard work, dedication and sacrifice. But redemption is not my sole motivation. I care about my people and I don't intend to allow the Klingons to get away with murdering them. I'm a much more complicated man than you give me credit for. Like Shakaar? It amazes me that a woman as intelligent and sophisticated as you could be attracted to such a lumbering, simplistic field hand. I mean, what could the two of you possibly talk about? How can you be so sure? After all, you don't know me well enough to make a comparison. I'm sorry, Major. I didn't mean any harm. I was only making conversation. Damar, set another target. We'll test our new weapon as soon as the Major's ready. Let's see if we can't work out our problems. At least the ones we're having with the disruptor. [Stateroom] (Ziyal is learning to shoot) It's subterranean, much too fortified to be a viable target for a bird of prey. It would take a Vor'Cha class cruiser to do any real damage. How about the station on Amleth Prime? I know where they'll go next. Loval. A long way from the Cardassian fleet. What it says there is not exactly true. Loval is also a weapons research installation, which is supposed to be a closely guarded secret. Now considering the targets the Klingons have hit so far, I think we've underestimated their intelligence network. Loval it is. The question is, even if we're right, can we stop them? Which won't be easy to get considering they'll be cloaked. Lure them in. Make them think that we're a helpless freighter. How does refined dilithium crystal sound? I can get Damar to modify the subspace transceiver array to emit a false dilithium signal. Now if I know the Klingons, they'll lock their tractor beam on us and try to take our cargo. Yes. I told you we make a good team, Major. You are as insightful a woman as you are intriguing. Major, is it my imagination, or do you have a hard time accepting compliments? Well, I'll try to restrain my enthusiasm, but I can't make you any promises. Damar. Set a course for Loval. Maximum warp. Any sign of them? Begin modifications to the subspace transceiver array. (Orbiting the planet.) We soldiers spend a lot of time waiting, don't we, Major? It's not easy to keep your mind from drifting. Lately, when my mind wanders, I find myself thinking more and more about Gul Marratt. Do you know him? Very dashing. One of Cardassia's rising stars. Graduate of the Cardassian Military Academy, smooth-talking junior member of the Detepa Council, and like your friend Shakaar, quite a lady's man. Especially with other officer's wives. Mmm. A year ago he wouldn't have dared, but now? I think the first thing I do when I'm returned to power is to demote him. Assign him to the Cardassian Embassy on Breen. I hear it's bitter cold on Breen. And we Cardassians do despise the cold. On screen. (A bird of prey decloaks) Well, Major, it seems fate has smiled on our little plan. Good. Let's hope they take the bait. They haven't fired. Which means they could be interested in our cargo. On screen. I'm Gul Dukat, Commander of the Cardassian freighter Groumall. Who are you? We are carrying replicator and transporter parts to the Dopa System. I assure you, Captain. On whose authority? Convincing, wasn't I? Wait for my signal. Wait. Open the cargo bay doors. Fire! (BOOM) Excellent. All power to forward shields. (BANG and lots of consoles explode in showers of sparks.) Damage? I think it's time to improvise. [Klingon bridge] Major! Hurry, Major. You are a magician, Major. He won't get the opportunity. (Dukat fires the disrupters, the Groumall goes KaBOOM!) You're the terrorist. You tell me. (Damar, Ziyal and two others enter.) Excellent. Well done. Well, Major, quite a prize we've taken. The first Klingon bird of prey ever to be captured by Cardassia. I'll contact Central Command and inform them of our success. I think I'll request my Legate title be reinstated, effective immediately. Get me Central Command. No, on second thought, this is too important for them. I want to speak to the Chairman of the Detepa Council himself on a secure channel. Good. Do so. Then make the repairs. I want this ship fully operational as soon as possible. They could, but they won't. The Detepa Council has something else in mind. They've ordered me not to engage the Klingons in any further conflict. The Council is looking for a diplomatic solution. They've ordered me to return to Cardassia Prime to resume my post as Military Advisor. It was. But what is the point of being a Military Advisor to a government that won't fight. No, I'd be wasting my breath. They wouldn't listen to me. No one wants to fight. There was a time when the mere mention of my race inspired fear. And now we're beaten people, afraid to fight back because we don't want to lose what little is left. What Cardassians? Don't you see, Major? They're paralysed. They're beaten and defeated. I am the only Cardassian left. And if no one else will stand against the Klingons, I will. Why not? Your people fought against us for fifty years with much less sophisticated weaponry than this. And you beat us. Maybe at first, but perhaps our actions would inspire others to join the struggle. I know. Which is why I need you. Who else? You know how to organise a resistance cell. You're an expert in terrorist tactics. You have close ties with Bajoran and Federation officials. And besides all that, it would give you a chance to do what you were meant to do. What do you mean? On that space station? We both know your talents are being wasted there. Coordinating docking assignments and leading training exercises. On Deep Space Nine, you're nothing but a bureaucrat, an administrator. If you come with me you can be a soldier again. Think about it, Major. The chance to fight against a superior foe in a righteous cause, to protect a defeated and broken people from a cruel aggressor. You know as well as I do that if Cardassia falls, Bajor is next. Help me stop the Klingons before you become their next target. Absolutely. Look, Major, I'm not asking you to like me or to be my friend. I'm asking you to join me. To fight at my side. You know what I'm doing is right, and it's what you want to do as well. I know that our past makes it difficult for you to accept me as an ally. I also know that every fibre of your being is telling you to say no, no, no, but somewhere I know there's a yes. You need to listen to that yes. Not for my sake, not for Cardassia's, not even for Bajor's, but for your sake. Good. We'll leave as soon as you have it online. Think about it, Major. Think about the possibilities. [Klingon corridor] I am disappointed, Major. Tell me, were you even tempted? I thought I was so eloquent. Very inspiring, Major. But I don't have any choice in this. No more than you had when you fought against us. Well, all that's left is for you to wish me luck. What about her? She deserves to be with her father. You taught me that. I love her. Go? Where? She's not welcome on Cardassia or Bajor. This is the only place she belongs. Are you serious? Why? Why do you care so much? When this is all over, I'll come back for you. I promise you that. Major. I know. Well, Major, it appears that whether you like it or not, our lives have become deeply intertwined. Pleases me? Major, it gives me reason to live. [Promenade - upper level] (The Bird of Prey turns away and cloaks)
Solbor, I'll have my breakfast on the balcony this morning. Eminence, is there anything you would like? But you really should eat. After all, Bajor is only as strong as its Kai. What a tiresome little man. Oh, forgive me if I've offended you in any way. I am but a moon made warm by the light of your sun. Something is wrong. Tell me, what's bothering you? You won't have to. The Pah wraiths are waiting to embrace you. As soon as we release them from the fire caves. What about them? The old Bajor, perhaps. But from its ashes a new Bajor will arise and the Restoration will begin. Those the gods find worthy. It will be the dawn of paradise. And you, Adami, are destined to rule it. It is meant to be. I will be at your side for as long as you need me. But first, we have to release the Pah wraiths. The answer is in the text of the Kosst Amojan. Yes. Anyone except the Kai. You have nothing to fear. I'll be right there with you. Your concern for her Eminence is appreciated and acknowledged. Nevertheless, you must do as she says. I will see to it that no harm comes to her. I want only to serve the Kai. I have no idea why I was chosen. But who are we to question the ways of the Prophets? Solbor does not approve of me. And he may serve you well for many more if the Pah wraiths find him worthy. Well? Aren't you going to open it? The Pah wraiths are not evil, but they are powerful. And they're willing to share their power with you. The question is, do you want it? (Winn unwraps the tome.) Yes. (She takes the key and unlocks the elaborately embossed cover. The parchment pages are stained with age, and blank.) This can't be. This is a trick. Then Solbor brought the wrong book. You heard the Kai. Leave us. What would you like me to do? I don't understand. But your Eminence. Very well. [Sisko's quarters] (A bouquet of flowers has been delivered.) Where are you going with those? On who's authority? Put them back. I'll put them back. [Winn's office] Wake up, my love. There's work to be done. You're tired. It's understandable. You'll find the answers we're looking for. It's just a matter of time. I'll see that you're brought something to eat. [Damar's quarters] There. Now, don't you feel better? I'm here to serve you any way I can. (Solbor enters.) What? We were brought together for a cause, a great cause. Our destinies are linked. (Winn starts backing away from Dukat.) He doesn't understand, Adami. He couldn't possibly understand the love of the Pah wraiths. It's going to be all right. On the contrary. They sent me to save you. There, you see? The Pah wraiths have judged you and found you worthy. Their secrets are now your secrets to do with as you please. Take their gift and use it. Seize the power they're offering you! I'll take care of the body. [Captain's office]
Bajoran workers, your attention please. Your attempt to seize control of this facility is going to fail. You are valuable workers and we wish you no harm. However if you do not return control of this unit to your Cardassian supervisors, we will be forced to take action. You have eight minutes to make your decision. (During the opening titles, O'Brien has been working on one of the doors.) Bajoran workers, your time is running out. But it's not too late. You can still surrender and save your lives. I'm glad to see you've come to your senses. Stay where you are. When Cardassian security arrives, they will place you into custody but you will not be harmed. You have my word. Bajoran workers, you have not surrendered to Cardassian security. If you do not do so in the next three minutes, I will be forced to release neurocine gas into the ore processing facility. Bajoran workers, you have two minutes left to give yourselves up to your Cardassian overseers and save your lives. Even if you were to escape this station (Bang) Back to Bajor? I can tell you The guls in charge. I'm sorry, but your time has run out. I was hoping you would be reasonable. Rest assured that your deaths will serve as an example to prevent similar incidents in the future. (The gas starts to come in.) Attention, Bajoran workers. I will not allow this rebellion to succeed. If you do not surrender immediately, I will be forced to kill every Bajoran on this station. [Ore loading bay] (Jake leads the way up a chute to a room.) Attention, Bajoran workers. Your failure to surrender is forcing me to take stronger measures. In five minutes, we will begin pumping neurocine gas into the habitat ring. Think of your families as you consider your course of action. All Cardassian personnel should evacuate the area immediately. My fellow Cardassians I regret to inform you that Bajoran workers have gained control of this station. [Ore loading bay] In all likelihood, I am dead or otherwise incapacitated [Security office] But rest assured, this station will not be allowed to remain in Bajoran hands. However, it is my duty to inform you [Ops] That if you do not regain control within two hours, the station will be destroyed. Let me guess. Someone tried to duplicate my access code. A short time ago, I had a very strange experience. There I was, patrolling the Demilitarised zone, when I received a distress signal from me. Or at least a recording of me. It seems the Bajoran workers were rioting on Terok Nor. I must admit, it piqued my curiosity. I see the auto-destruct programme has begun. Well, well, well. You are in trouble. Where's Commander Sisko? I trust he wasn't vaporised while asking for one of those raktajinos he's so fond of. Hmm. I wish him well. Oh, most certainly. All I have to do is enter my command code and shut the programme. All in good time, Major Kira. All in good time. But first, there are a few things we should discuss. Red leaf tea, please. (The weapon turns into a mug, and Bashir puts his head above a console.) Doctor. (The weapon returns, and fires at Bashir.) You'll find I don't react well to that tone of voice, Major. Garak, grovelling in a corner. That alone makes my trip worthwhile. (Garak stands up.) If you had been on the station when I designed this programme, I would have made an exception in your case. My father's only flaw was trusting you. You're right, Major. Oh, believe me, Garak, that time is coming. Major, why don't you join me in the Commander's office where we can talk in private. Oh. I forgot. The replicator. Well, it's the least I can do. (Dukat taps a command into the replicator and the weapon disappears.) You can all rise now. You're safe, for the moment. Major. [Commander's office] (Dukat settles into Sisko's chair.) I know time is of the essence, Major, so I'll be brief. (he sends the baseball rolling across the floor.) I think it is time to re-establish a permanent Cardassian presence aboard this station. Nothing too elaborate, mind you. A garrison would suffice. I can deploy troops from my ship immediately. And in return, I'll solve your current dilemma. I'm not sure you have much of a choice, do you? I don't expect them to be happy about it, but once my troops are in place I think you'll find it very difficult to get them to leave. Yes, I'm sure you would. But would you allow two thousand people aboard this station to die simply because you don't like us? Well, there's no need to decide just yet. We still have a little time left. Thirty minutes, in fact. Why don't I return to my ship so that you'll have time to think about it. [Ops] I'll be back in say, twenty five minutes. Dukat. One to transport. Energise. (nothing) Energise. This is outrageous. Computer, abort the self-destruct sequence. This is a priority one override. Clearance level nine. Authorisation Dukat five one one six green. I don't see you coming up with any ideas, tailor. It's very simple. When the countdown is completed, the computer will order the main fusion reactor to disengage the reaction stabilisers, causing it to overload, destroying the station. It may be possible to manually disengage the laser fusion initiator, but in order to do that we have to be in the reactor room. I set up this programme, and I assure you, Major, I will find a way to defeat it. There's no dilemma that cannot be solved by a disciplined, Cardassian mind. What are you babbling about now? Garak! I should've had you executed years ago. Tell me something, Major. The Cardassian neutralisation emitters that were under here. I assume you deactivated them when you control of the station? But are the emitters still in place? Excellent. That means they have not been affected by the counterinsurgency programme. That means we still have control of them. Exactly. I'm almost done. I've got the emitters wired into the control panel. Now all I have to do is reattach them to the power grid like so. All right, I'm ready.
Leave us. (Damar nods. The woman leaves.) I see he still has you under his thumb. I may have failed to reopen the wormhole, but I assure you I have no regrets. You see, I've come to know the love of the Pah wraiths. I do. I've come to see you, old friend. I need your help. Damar. I knew you would. [Planet surface] (They've built a camp fire. Ezri is trying to make a comm. unit from a tricorder and her badge when Worf comes in with a dead animal over his shoulder.) That surgeon you recommended does excellent work. What do you think? Believe me, Damar, I have no desire to be a Bajoran the rest of my life. But for now, I'm afraid it's necessary. [Sisko's quarters]
Commander, it's been brought to my attention that the sole Cardassian living on your station has been assaulted. Is it true he was attacked by a Cardassian boy brought to the station by a Bajoran? Exactly as I feared. Exactly as I've been warning my colleagues. The Cardassian war orphans, Commander. Abandoned when we left Bajor. It's a disgrace. Obviously these children are being raised to hate their own kind. This incident is proof. Am I? Then why would this boy attack poor Garak? An amiable fellow, if there ever was one. That would be most appreciated, Commander. I need to find out everything I can about this boy, so that I can use his story in my fight to bring these orphans back to their homeland. This is a tragedy that all of Cardassia is going to have to address. [Guest quarters] I don't know how to thank you. After the accusations this businessman has made. We would not take kindly to the boy being returned to the Bajorans. However, I have complete confidence in your ability to be thorough, Commander. And if there's anything I can do. I was going to suggest that you forward us a sample of the boy's DNA and we'll run it through our data banks immediately. Doctor Bashir, isn't it? Yes, I was. I did not choose to leave them behind, Doctor. I was ordered to leave them behind. By the civilian leaders. They Who's been tutoring you in Cardassian social studies, Doctor? Well then, perhaps you should remind my old friend Garak the withdrawal of Bajor was a decision made by the civilian leaders. One that I clearly opposed. And yes, they made the decision to leave the orphans behind. A decision I've regretted ever since. Thank you for your concern, Doctor. Good day, Commander. (transmission ends) I'm sorry to disturb you at such a late hour, Commander, but thanks to the DNA gene type you sent us, we've discovered the boy's actually the son of one of our most prominent politicians, Kotan Pa'Dar. Over eight years ago. He was Exarch for a Cardassian settlement there. The boy was believed to have died in a Bajoran terrorist attack. Of course. As you can imagine, he's overwhelmed with joy. He's already on his way to the station to reclaim him. I don't understand. Back> To live with the same brutal people? Nevertheless, when the boy finds out his real father's alive, surely he'll change his mind. And even if he doesn't, it would be in the boy's best interests. Pa'Dar is an eminent member of the civilian assembly. This matter has generated a great deal of interest at the highest levels of our government. Not exactly. I like to think that I'm here representing the children. All of the children abandoned on Bajor. I want to see Rugal reunited with his father. And I must object, Commander. The past is the past. It has no relevance here. What is relevant are the children. What are we going to do about the children? This is irrelevant and insulting. Commander, you've lost control here. I suggest we return to the issue of the children. Never. I'm aware of that. How unfortunate. No. Is there a question? I wouldn't know. Terok Nor? It was here. This space station.
Your son is not here, Commander I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle you. Who? Your son? How would I know? I just (pause) Commander, you don't? Do you think that I would ever do anything to harm your son? You wound me, sir. I'm here as your friend. Please do not do anything hastily, Commander. We must talk in private. I was an unregistered passenger on a Kotakian ship that docked here this morning. I slipped in through the cargo bay. I was the commander of this station for almost ten years. When one knows the various corridors and passageways as well as I. Oh, by the way, I love what you've done with these quarters. There, you see. Safe and sound. You have a problem. The Bok'Nor. On the contrary, Central Command has no idea I'm here. It's true. I'm here unofficially to help you find out the truth about the Bok'Nor. Because I already know the truth. I do. You are. Oh, not you personally, Commander. I know you to be an honourable man. You're not one to sneak around attaching implosion devices to impulse engines. But, believe it or not, there are those of your brethren who are willing to do such things. Morally superior human beings and other members of the Federation. Of course not. It's my job to convince you so you can clean your own house instead of forcing us to do it for you, which would certainly endanger the new treaty. We'll need one of your runabouts. The Volan colonies. Not so demilitarised, I'm afraid. [Runabout] I can't help but notice that my controls are not illuminated. Isn't it customary for both seats to be turned on so that I may pilot the craft in the event of an emergency? Commander, I'm not going to sit here and steal all your little technical secrets, I promise you. So you turn off my controls so I don't have enough light to take my photograph, is that it? The Cardassian educational system is unparalleled in the quadrant. Education is power. Joy is vulnerability. Your reaction surprises me, Commander. I thought you would understand. Of all the humans I've met, you strike me as the most joyless and the least vulnerable. Well said. But in truth, I'm looking forward to getting to know you better on this journey. Is that a ramscoop control or a deflector grid panel? Just curious. It really doesn't matter. Cardassian pursuit vessels are years ahead of this design. (A beep) What is it? From whom? That's not possible. I promise you, Commander, we would not violate the treaty. Not at all. I'm as curious about this as you are. (The runabout goes to warp) What type of Cardassian ship are they? Patrol cruisers? Cardassian shuttles attacking a Federation merchant ship? They must be from Cardassian colonies in the Demilitarised zone. Hail them. Open a channel. To the pilots of the Cardassian attack vessels. This is Gul Dukat, Commander of the Second Order. Please respond. This is Gul Dukat, security identification ADL four zero. I order you to immediately disengage your attack. Hail those Cardassians again. I don't know who you are or where you come from, but you're going to pay for this, I promise you. Answer me immediately or I personally will fire the photons that will destroy you. Arm the photons. I know. I knew all about these controls before I ever came aboard. Tell me when we're in torpedo range. That's a Federation signature I believe, Commander. Something from one of your colonies, perhaps? (The two Cardassian blips vanish from the monitor.) Do you begin to see, Commander, that without any help from either one of us, they've managed to start their own little war out here. [Quark's cafe] (A private table set for dinner) I decided an impromptu visit would be preferable so you wouldn't be bothered with special preparations. Yes, monitor is the proper word because none of the ships would respond to our hails. Even the Cardassian pilots refused to acknowledge me. I gave them my security identification. Get outside. You're very quiet, Commander. I knew about his confession, yes. I didn't know he was. I was as surprised as you were by his death. If it means anything, I entirely agree. I told Evek he was a fool to let Samuels die. A good interrogator doesn't allow his subject to die. You lose the advantage. Oh, now don't go spouting off your holier-than-thou Federation fair-play dogma. And lest we forget, your man was responsible for the deaths of seventy eight innocent crewman. The Bok'Nor had just delivered fourteen metric tones of golside ore to the Regulon system prior to its arrival at the wormhole. Weapons? To whom? No. The route of the Bok'Nor didn't take it anywhere near the Demilitarised zone. Commander, I know you'd love to find some justification for this mass murder to ease your Federation conscience, but if the Bok'Nor was carrying weapons, I would know. And on the lives of my children, I swear to you it was not. Seven. [Quark's] Starfleet security, if you don't mind, Commander. Some of the Bajoran deputies are still around in the good old days when I was in charge. If there's anything else I can do to assist you in your investigation. Yes? Is there a problem? Where's Commander Sisko? I take it we're not about to board a Cardassian freighter. (Dukat knocks out Sakonna and makes a run for it. He gets shot in the back by Niles.) [Ops] (Sisko is having the following inaudible but heated argument with someone on his desk monitor behind the main dialogue. Everyone is watching.)
The Klingons? Why would the Klingons invade us? That's ridiculous. Garak, you have got to talk to Sisko. Tell him he has to find a way to stop the Klingons. Cardassia has enough problems right now. How do you know about that? Yes. Shame about the Order. I suppose there won't be much of a demand for your services anymore. Looks like you'll be hemming women's dresses for the rest of your life. Captain, I'm a little busy at the moment, so whatever you have to say, make it brief. And you have succeeded. You are speaking to the new Chief Military Advisor to the Detapa Council. It means that as a loyal officer of the Cardassian Military, I am pledged to serve the legitimate ruling body of the Empire. Whoever that may be. It seemed like a good idea at the time. I am open to suggestions, Captain. That is a very generous offer. I must say I am touched. By saving the members of the Detapa Council, you will be saving some very And if the Klingons try to stop us? I'm not sure I share your optimism, but then I don't have much choice, do I? We'll meet you there. (Transmission ends) This is Gul Dukat of the cruiser Prakesh. We're under heavy fire. Our shields are failing. I don't know how much longer we can hold out. Send reinforcements immediately. I repeat, this is I must compliment you, Captain. You're nearly Cardassian in your punctuality. An excellent suggestion, Captain, assuming we had any engines left. Our engines are gone, our shields are down, and we have no weapons to speak of. You'll have to drop your shields to use your transporters. Captain, this is Dukat. Almost half the council members are still aboard my ship. We need at least another minute. [Bridge] Dukat to Sisko. The council members are aboard. [Bridge] Thank you, Doctor, but if you don't mind, I would like to go to the bridge now. What is the meaning of this? I assure you, Doctor, I am not a changeling. I find this whole procedure offensive. Captain, would you kindly inform this security guard that he does not have to monitor my every move? It makes me feel unwelcome. And what is that supposed to mean? Captain, are you aware that there's a Klingon on your bridge? I'd suggest you cloak immediately. Well, it looks like the Klingons chased us all this way for nothing. Two ships against the station? I don't think they'd risk it. Why do you say that? That's close enough, Garak. Hoping, no doubt, that your concern would curry some political favour? Oh, the council members are well aware of my patriotism and the sacrifices I was willing to make in order to save them. Now, why don't you go back to your tailor shop and sew something? Just remember when you fire that thing you're aiming it at a Klingon. I suppose you prefer the simplicity of an interrogation chamber.
I heard you were aboard. (he looks up) I was wondering if you'd make an appearance. Better. The doctors tell me I've made a remarkable recovery. Good. I'd hate to think they were patronising me. So I'm a war criminal. So I'm told. Do you believe I'm guilty, Benjamin? It's not like you to equivocate. And you'll be testifying for the prosecution. Care to elaborate? I see. Do I detect the fine hand of Doctor Cox at work once again? I'm sorry. The good doctor encourages me to talk about Ziyal whenever possible, since it was her (big pause) death that brought on my momentary instability. I shouldn't be so suspicious. Benjamin. About my daughter. You and Major Kira took care of her for almost a year. I wanted to thank you for that. It was very generous. A short time is all she ever had. A bottle of kanar and an Orion slave girl would be nice. Benjamin, can you hear me? Yes. Everything's all right, but don't try to move too quickly. The left side of your body is covered with plasma burns. (Sisko's left arm is in a metallic splint.) We were attacked by a wing of Cardassian ships, ironically. You didn't get very far. A plasma conduit exploded before you got fifteen metres down the corridor. That's where Lieutenant McConnell and I found you when the order came to abandon ship. Dead. A piece of shrapnel hit him in the head just as we were carrying you into the shuttle. I saw a few escape pods leaving the ship just before it exploded, but I had my hands full just trying to keep us in one piece. The engines were damaged from the shockwaves and I set us down here, wherever here is. But that shuttle's never going to reach orbit again. The shuttle's distress beacon was damaged, but I think I managed to repair it. (Lights are blinking and the small screen says System On-Line.) So now we have to do is wait for someone to pick up our signal. It's a general distress call, Benjamin. Whoever gets here first will find one comrade in arms and one prisoner. That's fair, isn't it? You shattered most of the bones in your arm. There was a bone regenerator in the medkit, but I'm afraid I'm not much of a doctor, so I just put on the cast. We have enough field rations to last us a few weeks, but I'd feel better if I could locate another source of food and water. The surface is inhospitable to say the least, but I did manage to find some firewood and kindling, so there's a good chance there's edible vegetation out there. I just have to find it. I didn't want to. I'll be back within the hour. [Tunnel] The Captain and I have a lot to talk about. It's of a personal nature. Go away. That won't be necessary. He's in no condition to challenge me. I can afford to be patient. I don't care for your tone. That's enough. Stop it! No! (Dukat shoots at Weyoun but only blows a hole in the rock wall.) [Cavern] (Dukat samples some liquid from a pan over a camping stove, and spits it out.) Possibly. Good morning. The wind has died down and the temperature's gone up twenty degrees. I rather like it, but I think you'll be more comfortable in here where it's cooler. (Dukat shreds some leaves into the liquid.) I'm doing the cooking here, thank you. You're not the only officer who learned how to cook. How are you feeling? Good. After last night, I was beginning to get worried. You don't remember? You had a bout of nausea. Not exactly a little bout. That's all right. I've had to clean up a lot worse in my time. Once, when I was a newly minted glinn on the Kornaire, I had to help clean up a compartment where three men had gone through an explosive decompression. I didn't sleep for a week after that. The Emissary has spoken. Oh, come on, Benjamin. Have a sense of humour about all this. Well that's a shame, because there's so much to laugh about. You don't see it, do you? Benjamin, just a few hours ago I was a prisoner on my way to trial and you were my old friend come to visit me in my cell. Now look at us. I'm free and you're a prisoner of your own battered body, and there's a good chance we'll be rescued by the Dominion. You've got to laugh at a universe that allows such radical shifts in fortune, Benjamin. Whatever you say. (Dukat starts to hand over a bowl then suddenly looks across the cavern.) Nothing. it's probably just the wind. (He gives Sisko a bowl of liquid. Sisko takes a sip.) How is it? You know, we didn't get much of a chance to catch up before the attack. How is everyone on what I'm sure you're once again calling Deep Space Nine? Odo, Kira, Quark? Perhaps not. They never really did give me much of a chance. They were too busy plotting my downfall. Well I hope they at least told you that my policies toward the Bajorans were most generous this time. Major Kira knows full well I made every effort to heal the wounds between Cardassia and Bajor. Since the very beginning it was my intention to rectify the mistakes of the past and begin a new chapter in our relations. Well? You're not going to give me the benefit of the doubt, are you, Benjamin? Don't you care what your old friends think of you? It's just the wind, I'm certain, but I'm going to double check just to make sure. [Tunnel] No. I won't do it. Not yet. It's my time to waste, Damar. Remember your place. I have to know that he respects me. I think I've earned it. Very tempting thought. [Cavern] (Sisko puts the water bottle into a case then notices the display in the comm. unit. He checks that the main one on the front says online then closes the panel and goes back to his rock to rest and think.) [Tunnel] (Dukat is talking to the empty air.) You've make some good points, Damar, but there will be time for all of that later. It's all right. I know you have my best interests at heart. [Cavern] (Dukat returns to find Sisko lying on the floor reaching for the case fastening.) Ah. Here. Hmm? No, no. Some rocks slid down the cliff. Oh? I'll check. Everything's fine. The unit's still online. You're right. (Dukat opens up the back panel and presses buttons. It's still saying Offline. He closes it back up.) Nothing to worry about. It's working fine. Good evening. Pleasant dreams, I hope. I do apologise for bringing you to such a gloomy latitude. The nights seem to last eighteen hours, the days less than five. Sit up. (He puts one of the pads between Sisko and the rock he uses to lean against.) No, not at all. Someone's bound to pick up our signal any time now. But I see no reason why we shouldn't be comfortable in the meantime. How's that? Good. (sits on the other one) Ah, much better. You know, when I was out there in the shuttle just now, it occurred to me that the Bajorans would be very confused if they could see us here, sharing the same food, the same hardships. What do you think they would say if they knew the Emissary of the Prophets and the evil Gul Dukat were sitting here together, getting along like the two old friends that they really are? Oh, I forgot. You don't think of me as your old friend, do you, Benjamin. It's all right. There's no one here. Just the two of us. No one to impress, no one to judge what you say. We can be honest with one another. So tell me. What you really think of me? You probably agree with Major Kira, don't you, Benjamin? I am the former Prefect of Bajor. An evil man who sent thousands of Bajorans to their deaths to satisfy his own sadistic desires. I do. My name and reputation have been slandered and twisted ever since the end of the occupation of Bajor. I have been vilified by ignorant, small minded people throughout the quadrant for the past six years. I just want to know if you're one of them, Benjamin. I don't care what you think so I suggest you keep your opinions to yourself. (to Sisko) I don't think you're being entirely honest with me, Benjamin. You're not a man who hesitates to make snap judgements when the situation calls for it. It's one of the signs of a good commander. Now I'm asking for your opinion of me and I find it hard to believe you don't have one. Yes. Yes, that's it exactly. I had good reasons. Some of the harsher actions I took were forced on me by Central Command. I wanted to use entirely different tactics with the Bajorans. I wanted to rule with a softer hand, but my superiors didn't see it that way. Precisely. (Kira nearly falls over in hysterical laughter.) Leave us alone! This doesn't concern you! This is growing tiresome. Yes, but Nerys won't leave well enough alone. She's always interfering, always trying to upset me. Enough! (Dukat shoots at Kira, aka the edge of Sisko's rock, then the wall, and down the tunnel.) [Transporter bay] That must have been very uncomfortable, Benjamin. Look at that. One of the tines is missing. Now did that happened? Did you break it off? But why would you want a small thin piece of metal? Unless you needed a tool. (Dukat checks the back of the comm. unit.) I see you've been busy. A little repair work while I was gone. Very thoughtful. (He phasers the unit.) [Bridge] (Dax is triangulating another signal when her panel goes blank.) You know, Benjamin, I thought we had established a level of trust between us, but I was wrong. If there's one thing I can't abide, it's betrayal. (We hear the sound of metal on metal.) [Bridge] (In orbit of a dull brown planet.) You brought it on yourself, you know. All my victims. It always comes back to that, doesn't it? All my crimes. I'm such a monster, such an evil man. Behold Benjamin Sisko, supreme arbiter of right and wrong in the universe. A man of such high moral calibre that he can sit in judgement on all the rest of us. Good! Good, I like this. No more pretence, no games. Just you, me and the truth. Judge Sisko hands down another ruling. But where's his evidence? Yes. True. True. False. I tried to save lives during my administration. Evidence? He wants evidence. By the time I became Prefect, the occupation had been going on for almost forty years, but the planet still wasn't ready for full scale colonisation. Central Command wanted the situation resolved and they didn't care how it was done. I was convinced that a gentler hand was required to deal with the Bajorans. So in my first official act as Prefect, I ordered all labour camp commanders to reduce their output quotas by fifty percent fifty percent. Then I reorganised the camps themselves. Child labour was abolished. Medical care was improved. Food rations were increased. At the end of one month of my administration, the death rate had dropped by twenty percent. Now how did the Bajorans react to all this? On my one month anniversary they blew up an orbital dry-dock, killing over two hundred Cardassian soldiers and workers. So I had to order a response. But even then it was a carefully tempered one. I ordered two hundred suspected members of the Resistance rounded up and executed. Two hundred lives for two hundred lives. That's justice, not malevolence. Justice. But did I give up my efforts to reach out to the Bajorans? No. I tried again. And what did I get for my troubles? An assassination attempt on my own space station! Another round of executions followed once again, courtesy of the Bajoran resistance. On and on it went, year after blood-soaked year. Time and again I would reach out with the open hand of friendship, and time and again they would slap it away. I hope you're listening to all this. Yes, yes, exactly. Because they were blind, ignorant fools. If only they had cooperated with us, we could have turned their world into a paradise. From the moment we arrived on Bajor, it was clear that we were the superior race. But they couldn't accept that. They wanted to be treated as equals when they most certainly were not. Militarily, technologically, culturally, we were almost a century ahead of them in every way. We did not choose to be the superior race. Fate handed us our role. And it would've been so much easier on everyone if the Bajorans had simply accepted their role. But no, day after day they clustered in their temples and prayed for deliverance, and night after night they planted bombs outside of our homes. Pride. Stubborn, unyielding pride. From the servant girl that cleaned my quarters to the condemned man toiling in a labour camp to the terrorist skulking through the hills of Dahkur Province. They all wore their pride like some twisted badge of honour. Of course I hated them! I hated everything about them! Their superstitions and their cries for sympathy, their treachery and their lies, their smug superiority and their stiff necked obstinacy, their earrings and their broken wrinkled noses. Yes! Yes! That's right, isn't it? (his companions nod) I knew it! I've always known it! I should have killed every last one of them. I should have turned their planet into a graveyard the likes of which the galaxy had never seen! I should have killed them all. (A metal bar crashes down on his head, and Dukat falls.) I'm so glad we had this time together, Benjamin, because we won't be seeing each other for a while. I have unfinished business on Bajor. They thought I was their enemy? They don't know what it is to be my enemy, but they will. From this day forward, Bajor is dead. All of Bajor. And this time, even their Emissary won't be able to save them. (Sisko kicks Dukat's knee, so Dukat punches him and crawls back into the shuttle. As the ramp closes we see Kira, Damar and Weyoun with him again.) [Bridge]
It's very clever strategy. But I'd expect nothing less from Captain Sisko. You do see it, don't you? Well then, perhaps you'd like to explain Captain Sisko's strategy to the Founder yourself. True. Sisko is trying to provoke us into opening a hole in our lines. He's determined to get here and stop us from taking down this minefield. Now I plan to give Sisko his opening and then close it on him. We should be able to detonate the mines in eight hours. Now, now, Damar, that's no way to talk about our valued allies. Not until this war is over, anyway. Make it brief. By enemy, I assume you're referring to Rom's associates? What are you proposing? It's a wise precaution. But our Bajoran allies might object to an arrest without cause. If anyone asks, we're merely holding them for questioning. And Damar, make sure they're not harmed in any way. Major Kira is important to my daughter. And to me. For what reason? Are you accusing my daughter of being a saboteur? That will be all, Damar. But she is my daughter. That may mean nothing to you, but it means everything to me. [Quark's] Well, his persistence is about to pay off. Let's give him his reward, shall we? Have a half dozen squadrons break formation and go after those fighters. War is such thirsty work. Don't you agree? Cardassians do like to talk. I suppose it can be a failing at times. (Dukat offers Weyoun a glass of kanar.) To the conquerors of the Federation. I don't think so. Not with twenty eight hundred Dominion ships waiting to come through that wormhole. Tell me, Weyoun, have you ever been diagnosed as anhedonic? We didn't defeat the Federation by being cautious. I look forward to it. On Bajor I merely implemented policy, I didn't make it. If I had, things would have turned out quite differently. You could be right. You can't do that. Because! A true victory is to make your enemy see they were wrong to oppose you in the first place. To force them to acknowledge your greatness. Only if it's necessary. Perhaps the biggest disappointment in my life is that the Bajoran people still refuse to appreciate how lucky they were to have me as their liberator. I protected them in so many ways, cared for them as if they were my own children. But to this day, is there a single statue of me on Bajor? And you'd be right. Take Captain Sisko, an otherwise intelligent, perceptive man. Even he refuses to grant me the respect I deserve. (Dukat drops the baseball onto the floor.) You find that amusing? Laugh all you want. History will prove me right. [Odo's quarters] (fondling the baseball) The Defiant is no match for this station. If Sisko wants to commit suicide, I say we let him. [Ziyal's quarters] (Ziyal enters and is grabbed from behind by Quark.) There's nothing to worry about. In exactly four minutes, thousands of Dominion ships will come pouring through that wormhole. I just hope the Defiant gets here in time for Sisko to see it. [Bridge] Fire. [Conduit] What's wrong, Damar? Major Kira. (WHOOSH) [Bridge] (Inside the wormhole.) You desire to end the game. The game must continue. [Wardroom] Aggressive. Corporeal matters do not concern us. He tries to control the game. The Sisko is of Bajor, but he will find no rest there. Our reinforcements must be right behind. (The wormhole closes.) But they entered the wormhole. Where are they? Can you get our weapons back online? Victory was within our grasp. Bajor, the Federation, the Alpha Quadrant, all lost. Go? I have to find my daughter. That won't be necessary. Promenade. Ah, Ziyal. You're all I have, all I care about. I couldn't live with myself if you hated me. Come, we'll talk on the way home. Cardassia. We have to leave here, Ziyal, before the Federation arrives. These people are our enemies. That's not true. Do you know what you're saying? No! Ziyal, it's all right, it's all right, it's all right. Ziyal, I forgive you. It's all right. Ziyal, please hear me. I love you. I love you, Ziyal. (Ziyal dies.) No! No! Ziyal. [Promenade] (A cheering crowd greets the returning heroes at the airlock.) We'll go back to Cardassia, Ziyal. We'll be safe there. You'll live with me. Everything will be fine. We'll both be very happy together. I know you forgive me. After all, I am your father and I forgive you. (Odo enters the cell.) My precious girl. I forgive you, too. (Dukat gives Sisko his baseball back.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Ah, Major Kira. So good to see you again. Damar, please. This is a happy occasion. Let's not spoil it. I have a surprise for you. I talked her into taking a little sabbatical from the university. Splendid! We'll dine in my quarters at twenty two hundred hours. Come along, Ziyal. How ironic. I was about to say that they're similar in style to Nanpart Malor, the founder of the Valonnan school on Cardassia. You spoke with the director? You should have told me, Ziyal. I could have arranged for you to meet him in person. Wonderful! On the contrary, my dear. You're quite eloquent. Yes. Happy? Neither have I, Major. I'm reluctant to admit it but you were right to send her to Bajor. We seldom see eye to eye, Major, but I know you care about my daughter, and for that, I'm grateful. [Rotarran Ready room] (Under cloak.) In closing, let me emphasise again that Cardassia's gift of fifteen industrial replicators to Bajor ushers in a new age of cooperation and understanding between our two peoples. Hand in hand, we'll march into a new era of peace and prosperity as Dominion allies. (polite applause) Thank you, thank you. That will be all. Ah, Major Kira, may I have a word with you, please? Have you heard? The Cardassian Institute of Art has decided to exhibit three of Ziyal's drawings. I'm hosting a celebration for her in my quarters tonight. I hope you'll join us. Twenty one thirty. Unless I'm unavoidably delayed. Come in. Ah, Major Kira, what a pleasant surprise. Come in, come in. (Kira drops the package on a table.) You don't like the dress? Major, that's just not true. There's a bond between us. Ziyal would be very disappointed to hear you say that. Please, Nerys, let's sit down, We'll talk about it. Nerys. Nerys! (Kira leaves and Ziyal come in from another room.) A delivery. It's a little something for you to wear to the party tonight. Do you like it? I try. [Rotarran Training room] (Alexander is practising alone, and still managing to drop his bat'leth, when Martok enters.)
Hello, Adami. Is that all you have to say to me? Yes, they've forgiven me. I was hoping you could find it in your heart to do the same. I've told you how much I regret my actions during the occupation. Have you learned how to release the Pah wraiths? Then why haven't you gone to the Fire Caves and freed them? Then you do forgive me. All you have to do is ask. Together we will release the Pah wraiths so they can lay claim to the Celestial Temple and destroy the Prophets. No, no, no. Benjamin Sisko will be dealt with by me and me alone. Oh, he'll survive. But I promise you, he'll wish he hadn't. [Holosuite - Vic's lounge] (A two man card game is ongoing.) Is it really necessary to rest so often? I'm in no hurry. During the occupation, my people found the Bajorans' fear of these caves amusing. And yet we never took the time to visit them. And now, here I am. It's ironic, isn't it? Excuse me? I just meant I meant no disrespect, Adami. How should I address you then? Perfectly. Eminence. [Dominion briefing room] (Night is falling.) Let me guess. We're here. Well, this may sound naive, but I was expecting to see fire. They are called the fire caves. I've never seen you look so radiant. Do you give yourself willingly to the Pah wraiths? Then call to them. I'm honoured. (He drinks.) Now you. (She pours it on the ground. Then Dukat collapses in pain.) Why? No! (Dukat dies.) Did you really think the Pah wraiths would choose you to be their Emissary? Soon the Pah wraiths will burn across Bajor, the Celestial Temple, the Alpha Quadrant. Can you picture it? A entire universe set in flames, to burn for all eternity. The Prophets have sent me a gift. Their beloved Emissary, sent forth like an avenging angel to slay the demon. Go on. Kill me if you can. (Sisko's rifle is thrown out of his hands.) You'll have to do better than that, Captain. (Dukat zaps Sisko with an energy bolt.) This is too easy. That's it. Come closer. That's it. (Sisko punches Dukat. And again. No effect.) Now bow to me. I said bow. (Sisko is pushed to his knees.) Then why are you the one on your knees? Benjamin, please. We've known each other too long. And since this is the last time we will ever be together, let's try to speak honestly. We've both had victories and our defeats. Now it's time to resolve our differences and face the ultimate truth. I've won, Benjamin. You've lost. And who's going to stop us? You can't even stand up. Are you still here? Farewell, Adami. (Sisko rugby-tackles Dukat and they both go over into the flames with the book. Sisko pushes Dukat below him, and the Kosst Amojan then Dukat burst into flames.) [Limbo]
I am. I'm sure you have many questions, Nerys, and I intend to answer them all. Leave us, please. First of all, let me apologise for bringing you here without your permission. Oh, this station has been abandoned a long time. There's no reason why they'd object to us putting it to use. Your hair. You changed it. A symbol of the Covenant I've made with my new family. The Pah wraiths are not what you think, Nerys, and neither am I. Let me ask you something. Have you ever wondered why the Prophets stood by and did nothing when Cardassia took over Bajor? Have you ever asked yourself how they could allow your people to suffer as they did? Even as you speak those words, you must know how hollow they sound. No, there's a much better explanation. One that makes perfect sense. The Prophets are not the true gods of Bajor, the Pah wraiths are. They were cast from the Celestial Temple because they wanted to take an active role in Bajoran life. Their only crime was that they cared about your people. But they were not allowed to help you because they'd lost the battle for heaven and were forced to flee. Oh, come now, Nerys. You know as well as I do that history is written by the victors. But rest assured, there will be another chapter. The Pah wraiths are determined to reclaim their place in heaven. They speak to me in visions. I am their Emissary. I have touched by the hand of a god. I'm a changed man. Oh, I admit that when I first allowed myself to become a vessel for the Pah wraith, it was purely out of self-serving reasons. All I wanted was to help it enter the wormhole so it could force the Prophets out. It was nothing more than a way to exact vengeance on Sisko. But I had no idea the effect it would have on me. It was only inside of me for a very short time, but it opened my heart. That was most unfortunate, but it couldn't be helped. The Celestial Temple itself was at stake and she was in the way. Ah, Nerys, Nerys. I wish I had the words to describe what it was like to have the Pah wraith within me. I could feel its love, for me and for the Bajoran people. It made me realise I still have a role to play in Bajor's destiny. You have no idea how much it pains me to know that I caused so much suffering. But I am not responsible for the occupation, the Prophets are. They abandoned Bajor. I was simply walking the path they laid out for me. Now I walk with the true Prophets. I'm building a community here, Nerys. I brought these people to Empok Nor so that we could purify ourselves in preparation for the day the Pah wraiths reclaim the Celestial Temple. The Pah wraiths have a plan. When the time is right, they will reveal it to me. You're still so full of anger toward me. I can only hope that one day you'll let it go. I brought you here because I want you to be a part of our community. I want you to share in the love these people have for one other. In the love they have for me. Nerys, open your heart to me. We're bound together by destiny. You belong at my side. [Kira's quarters] (O'Brien is scanning Kira's quarters when Sisko and Odo enter.) Kosst no'valt Amojan, my children. Let us open our hearts and pray. Now do you understand how much they love me? [Empok Nor - Dukat's quarters] (Dukat is tending to her, and has partly undressed her.) Careful, no sudden moves. (Kira gets up and grabs her jacket.) I removed it so I could tend to your bruise. I had a meal prepared for you. Come now, Nerys, you haven't eaten anything since you arrived. I know what you're thinking. But really, what good would it do to try to kill me? Even if you succeeded, it wouldn't get you off Empok Nor. You'd only make a martyr of me. I love these people, Nerys. And they love me. I should think that after what just happened in the temple, you'd realise that. If it hadn't been for me, the occupation would've been much worse. Your mother did want to be there. She loved me. Perhaps you're right. And if I did indeed cause your mother any pain, I deeply regret it. Just as I regret many things I did in those years. That's why I'm so glad the Pah wraiths have given me an opportunity to redeem myself in the eyes of your people. I'm so glad you're here, Nerys. You embody everything I admire most about the Bajoran people. Your passion, your spirit. I can see now why the Pah wraiths want you at my side. Because if I can open your heart to them, then surely I can open the heart of any Bajoran. Your anger is a challenge. I welcome it. Because in the end, it will only help me better serve the Pah wraiths. (doorbell.) Yes. Come, Nerys. I want you to be a witness at this blessed event. [Empok Nor Infirmary] (There's a big crowd outside.) Ah, this is a great day for us, Benyan. You should be honoured to have fathered the first child born to our community. I have no doubt that you will. Your family will be the first of many. Think of it. Someday, Empok Nor will ring with the laughter of children. The Pah wraiths! They've sent us a sign. My children, good news. Something wondrous has happened. This infant, born of the love between Benyan and Mika, was transformed in her womb into a living symbol of the covenant I made with you. Oh, what a blessed day this is. There can no longer be any doubt that the Pah wraiths are smiling upon us. Let us give thanks and praise. Why didn't you tell me the baby was mine? Mika, I'm so sorry about what happened that night. I was weak and you were so beautiful. Have you told anyone? Not even Benyan? Don't worry. Everything is going to be all right. Wait here until I'm gone, then go back to you quarters and pray for strength. (Dukat shuts the airlock and opens the space door. Mika hangs on as the air rushes out, then reaches to Dukat before passing out.) How is she? But she will recover? Brin. Seal the docking ring. Check all the airlocks. Let's make sure we never have another accident like this again. Fala, it's all right. Nerys is obviously upset. She doesn't know what she's saying. Take her to her quarters. She needs to rest. (As Kira is dragged away.) Let us pray for Mika's recovery. Ka'la mo'sek, teru benso, Kosst Amojan [Empok Nor Dukat's quarters] (Dukat is praying to his gods.) I failed you. Forgive my weakness. Forgive me for letting temptation obscure the path you've laid out for me. When Mika awakes, and I pray she does, your children will learn the truth. They will turn away from me. They will turn away from you. The covenant will be broken. Don't let that happen. Tell me what to do. Please. Please. [Empok Nor Infirmary] (The bell is being rung.) Kosst no'valt Amojan, my children. Tonight, as I prayed, the Pah wraiths sent me a vision. They told me it would be the last I'd ever receive from them. There's a reason. A wondrous reason. My children, the Pah wraiths have asked us to join them [Empok Nor guest quarters] In their Holy quest to reclaim the Celestial Temple. To become warriors in this great battle [Empok Nor Infirmary] We must transform ourselves. [Empok Nor Temple] Our corporeal bodies are not suitable for the task, so we must leave them behind. In a few hours, at the beginning of a new day, we will gather together here for the last time. We will shed the flesh that ties us to this world and deliver ourselves [Empok Nor guest quarters] Into the waiting arms of the Pah wraiths. [Empok Nor Temple] I've sent a message to Deep Space Nine. They should be able to get someone here for you within a day or so. You just don't understand, Nerys. The Pah wraiths are calling me home. You should be happy. I assure you, our deaths will be painless. (Dukat holds up a tablet.) Promazine. Developed by the Obsidian Order for its operatives to use in case of capture. Not only is death swift, but it reduces the body to dust within hours, making it unidentifiable to the enemy. Dust. That's all that will remain of my passage through this misbegotten universe, Nerys. But it doesn't bother me because I know I'm going to be with the Pah wraiths. Goodbye, Nerys. [Empok Nor Temple] (The faithful collect their poison pills from bowls either side of the altar, including one for the new-born.) [Empok Nor guest quarters] (Kira is pulling the door mechanism apart.) [Empok Nor Temple] My children, the time has come for us to leave this world behind us. (Kira plugs a fibre optic into the portable light and blows her door open.) As we embark on this journey, our hearts are not heavy, but joyful. Because we know we'll be together in the holy light of the Pah wraiths. [Empok Nor Promenade - upper level] This is a great day for us. We have proven ourselves worthy of the Pah wraiths [Empok Nor Temple] And they are calling us home. This is the means of our deliverance. (Kira is on the first floor, looking down.) Kosst no'valt Amojan, my children. Be not afraid. I love you all. My children, listen to me. My time here is not finished. The Pah wraiths want me to continue bringing others into their light. The Pah wraiths have forgiven my sins. They've given me their absolution. Who are you to presume they're wrong? Who are you to judge me? Then it's done. Our covenant is broken. (Dukat pulls off his earring.) None of you will ever know the love of the Pah wraiths. None of you!
Good day, Commander. Excuse my presumption, but this was my office only two weeks ago. I'm not used to being on this side of the desk. I'll be honest with you, Commander. I miss this office. I was not happy to leave it. You're very gracious. And allow me to assure you that we only want to be helpful in this difficult transition. You're far from the Federation fleet, alone in this remote outpost, with poor defence systems. Your Cardassian neighbours will be quick to respond to any problems you might have. So, tell me, what did you think of Kai Opaka? I know you went to the surface to see her. I understand you brought back an Orb. We thought we had all of them. Perhaps we could have an exchange of information, pool our resources? We will be in close proximity should you wish to reconsider my suggestion. In the meantime, I assume you have no objection to my men enjoying the hospitality of the Promenade. Commander. [Laboratory] Yes, Major? Wormhole? What wormhole is that? Perhaps they will be less hostile to Cardassians than to humans. Really? And I suppose you'd also tell me these are not the lifeforms that have sent the Orbs, or that your Commander Sisko is not negotiating for their technology. I thank you for your concern, but I think we'll see for ourselves. (Transmission ends)
I don't care what they did. You should never have let this situation get out of hand. Get out! (Damar leaves, Weyoun comes over.) Your men stole it from him. And Damar is not a liar. I'm smiling. Legate Krim will be arriving in the morning. Welcome to Terok Nor. I'm glad we're finally getting a chance to meet. As leaders of our respective worlds, you and I will be taking our people into a future that I'm quite confident Maybe you haven't read the latest reports, but even without those ships, I'm still winning this war. If you need you anything while you're here, please let me know. (Dukat leaves.)
Me. Well, isn't anyone going to welcome me home? As I recall, Weyoun, you were standing right by my side agreeing with every decision I made. Damar, you disappoint me. I would have thought you, of all people, would be glad to see your old mentor. I don't hold you responsible for Ziyal's death. You may have fired the phaser, but it was Benjamin Sisko who forced your hand. And that's why I'm here. The time has come for me to take my revenge against the good captain. On the contrary, I'm a new man. I no longer have a need for conquest or power. I'm far beyond all that. I exist in a state of complete clarity. A clarity I intend to share with the universe. Isn't that obvious? To give you what you desire above all else. The Alpha Quadrant. All I need is a certain Bajoran artefact. One of the many the Cardassians appropriated during the occupation. Let's just say it will make it possible for Dominion reinforcements to come through that wormhole and destroy Captain Sisko and the Federation once and for all. [Wardroom] (As green meanies keep cloaking and uncloaking around the station.) Gentlemen. I hope I'm not interrupting. I've found it. Behold, the key to victory. (He holds up the box.) Oh, I see you remain sceptical. Well, you won't be for long. Over the past few months, I've immersed myself in the study of the Bajoran Ancient Texts. (Dukat takes candles from his knapsack during his speech and lights them.) And I've come to realize that the wormhole is much more than the gateway to the Gamma Quadrant. It's the Temple of the Prophets. It's from there that they smile benevolently down on Bajor. It's from there that they protect that world and its people. The sad truth is, we wasted our time fighting the Bajorans when we should've been fighting their gods. (Dukat takes a wooden figure from the box.) I'll show you. You see, we have an ally we never knew we had. You may want to step back. Dorrah tolka bretri pah'rahn, meedor. Dorrah tolka ullkess pah'rahn. (Dukat breaks the figure in two and red energy comes out of it. It goes into his body, throwing him backwards to the floor.) Your concern is touching, but unnecessary. [Security office] I know this is small comfort, but I never intended you any harm. (Dukat beams out.) [Bridge] (The carnage continues outside. The Defiant, a Klingon and another Federation ship are nearly through the defences.) I'm well aware things didn't turn out quite the way I planned, but I assure you we still achieved a great victory. Well you should. The Bajoran people have been cut off from their gods, perhaps forever. Because Sisko has been cut off from the Prophets as well. And without the Prophets, he's just another Starfleet captain. Oh, believe me, it will. [Promenade] (The Defiant has docked. Worf runs out of the airlock, followed by O'Brien and Sisko, then Kira.)
I see he still has you under his thumb. That surgeon you recommended does excellent work. What do you think? (Worf and Ezri are captured by the Breen.) Have you arranged my transportation? (Damar is cleaned up and packing a bag.) Good I knew I could count on you. You don't look well. What happened to that brave officer I served with? The one who stood at my side while we fought the entire Klingon Empire with a single ship? Those days might be gone, but the man I served with isn't. He's still within you. Reach in and grab hold of him, Damar. Cardassia needs a leader. The Pah wraiths have shown me that I have different destiny. Good luck, old friend. Thank you for seeing me, Eminence. (Solbor leaves.) I've come to ask your blessing, so that I may have prosperity in the coming season. I'm just a simple man of the land. I'm a farmer. I grow moba and (Winn grabs his ear and Dukat kneels.) Oh here, let me help you. It's not right that a Ranjen should be serving a common farmer. If I told my neighbours I was having tea with the Kai, they'd never believe me. Thank you. Yes. Rogath blight destroyed my entire crop last year. Most of the farms in Relliketh fell victim to it. I see. Unfortunately the only way to eradicate it is to burn your fields at the first sign of contamination. Then you must let your land lie fallow for a whole season to allow for the restoration of the soil. The following year, the fields will be fertile again. Eminence? Every day. Oh, there have been times when I've thought I could feel their presence. But spoken to me? No. Surely they'd reserve such a blessing for someone like you. Me? I don't understand. But surely the Prophets would have chosen someone more worthy than I? Of course. Yes. It's extraordinary. I've never tasted anything like this. Well, I'm honoured that you would choose to share it with me. I suppose not. The Prophets may have chosen to speak through him, but he's not really one of us, is he? There are times when I wonder if he truly understands our people. Still, it's not for me to question why the Prophets chose him as their Emissary. The Emissary didn't suffer through the occupation. He has no idea what the Cardassians did to us. Those years left many scars on Bajor's soul. So, how can he help heal what he could never comprehend? I survived the occupation purely by chance. Just before the great famine. By sheer luck, my transport was rerouted to a labour camp. I learned years later that the dispatcher had misread the orders. How could you know that? You saved my life. Even then our fates were linked. [Sisko's quarters] (The model house has a thatched roof. Sisko is lying on the couch staring at it. The doorbell rings twice.) Eminence. I hope I didn't wake you. Something wondrous has happened. I talked with my brother in Relliketh. He told me that this morning, when he went out to inspect the fields, he found moba saplings sprouting from the soil. But it's impossible. We only planted last week. Tell me, could it be a sign? Then this is where I'll stay, Eminence. Adami. What a beautiful name.
Yes, yes, please come in. I'm Gul Dukat. We've met before. I wouldn't expect you to remember. I was one of the guests at the reception at the Bajoran Centre for Science. It must have been two years ago. You were very amusing that night. Yes. You did a Cardassian neck trick that brought the house down. Gul Hadar couldn't stop talking about it. He wanted to send you out to entertain the troops. I, on the other hand, began to wonder if you couldn't provide a more valuable service for the Cardassian Empire. I've stayed informed about you, Odo, ever since you walked out on your Bajoran keepers. Yes, you've become quite the student of humanoid nature, haven't you? Have you ever seen a dead man before? Oh, those are casualties. This is murder. (removes the cloth from the body) And I've decided you're going to investigate it. Ah, but I suspect you'd make a good one, shape-shifting your way into places the rest of us can't go. Not an agent. An investigator. We can't have these Bajorans running around murdering each other, now can we? I'm talking about order here, justice. Don't push me, Odo. My superiors would have me solve this murder by rounding up ten Bajorans at random and executing them. I'm hoping you'll give me a better alternative. Now, these Bajorans won't talk to us but they seem to trust you. I understand you used to sort out petty disputes concerning food, blankets, everyday sorts of things. They come to you. Of course. You're not one of them. And for that you should be thankful. So, here's one more petty dispute, only this time I'm bringing it to you. Find the murderer. I'm sorry to keep you waiting, Mrs Vaatrik. This is Odo. He'll be investigating your husband's death. Perhaps you two already know each other. I've assigned this space to you. We'll get you anything you need. Madam, my sympathies. Good hunting. (Dukat leaves) Two cases at the very least. A broken alibi. That sounds like progress. Is there someone you want me to arrest? But soon. I need a name, Odo. Listen to the way he speaks to me, Quark. You're not afraid of anyone, are you, shape-shifter? Not even me. I was right about you. You are the man for this job. Is this her? Is this her? If you're lying, shape-shifter.
Captain Sisko. I don't suppose you would like to surrender and avoid unnecessary bloodshed. I was hoping you'd say that. (Transmission ends.) I've been waiting for this moment for five years. The Dominion might've. I never did. Where the Dominion leads, I will follow. Attack wings one through five head for the Defiant. Remaining ships, target the station. Well, then by all means, fire. [Ops] (The station is rocking under the impacts.) I've found it wise to never underestimate the Federation's technical skill or Captain Sisko's resourcefulness. Damar, bring us around for another pass. [Bridge] Attack wings and batteries, concentrate your fire on section seventeen of the outer docking ring. We have to penetrate their shields. [Ops] (So they do, losing at least two ships in the process.) I have eyes, Damar. It's a minor setback, Weyoun. Once we take the station, we'll be able to dismantle the minefield without interference. Damar, signal the reserves to prepare for a final assault. [Ops] And the Dominion. We'll discuss the repercussions later. Right now, I'm going to enjoy this moment. (Kira, Odo and Quark approach.) You mean Terok Nor, don't you? I agree. You, me, the Major, together again. It should be most interesting. Now if you'll excuse me. I'll be in my office. [Ops] It can be repaired. And it will be. I'll deal with the minefields. [Captain's office] Not everything. (Dukat picks up Sisko's baseball.) A message from Sisko. He's letting me know he'll be back. (The Defiant and the Rotarran meet up with the fleet.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Commander, I was led to believe the Federation guarantees the safe and unrestricted passage of all travellers visiting your station. Then how do you explain the detention of a Cardassian citizen? I assure you, Commander, you don't require our assistance. If this patient says his name is Marritza, then that's who he is. I hope you're not suggesting you don't trust him simply because he's Cardassian. Is that what you're charging him with, Commander? Lying? Then let him go. I do appreciate the awkwardness of your position here, Commander. This Bajoran obsession with alleged Cardassian improprieties during the occupation is really quite distasteful. I might remind you that neither one of us is Bajoran, and I would hate their bitterness to cause conflict between Cardassia and the Federation. You don't need my help to safeguard one Cardassian on your own station. If any of these Bajoran hate-mongers get their hands on him, I'll holding you personally responsible. [Promenade - upper level] (Kira is staring out of a window) I do miss working with you, Odo. I've miss our games of kalevian montar. The same old Odo. Like a blunt instrument. But no to your question I regret that I cannot give you access to any of the files pertaining to Gul Darhe'el, but I assure you the files would only tell you what I'm telling you. Gul Darhe'el is dead. I attended his funeral myself. As a matter of fact, he's buried under one of the largest military monuments on Cardassia. Some innocent Cardassian citizen, just as I explained to your Commander Sisko. And we want him released. What are you saying? Then he's lying! I don't know. But I tell you I attended Darhe'el's funeral. Half of Cardassia viewed his body, You're mistaken. This is obviously some plot to embarrass the Cardassian Empire. I suppose I could grant you limited access to the files.
Well done. I almost believed you myself. He was going to expose us. No one can be allowed to stand in our way. I thought my place was in your bed. Adami, I'm not the same man I was during the occupation. The Pah wraiths have changed me. When we so release the Pah wraiths from the fire caves, your hands will be stained as well. You've been studying that for days. Perhaps I could help? Well, have you learned what we have to do to release the Pah wraiths? What have you been keeping from me, my sweet? What dark secrets? (A symbol glows then sends energy into his eyes. Dukat screams and Winn enters from her adjoining bedroom.) Adami, help me. I can't see. Adami? Are you there? Then she's incompetent! A Cardassian doctor would've cured me by now. I meant them no disrespect. I only wanted to study the book to see if I could help you learn how to release them. Pray with me, Adami. Help me earn the Pah wraiths' forgiveness. Show me out? I don't understand. By putting me out on the street? You're not serious. Adami, listen. Adami! Adami listen to me, please! Adami! (Winn smiles.) [Gowron's office] (The one that was Martok's earlier in the show.)
This is a very entertaining story, but why am I listening to it? What? Are you telling me that one of the most heavily armed warships in this quadrant is now in the hands of Maquis terrorists? Do you have any idea what kind of response this will provoke from the Central Command? The Central Command will not be interested in any joint operation, Commander. They won't believe your story about transporter duplicates and security failures. They will assume that Starfleet wanted the Maquis to have the Defiant, and they will respond accordingly. It means they will seize this opportunity to finally eliminate the Maquis. They'll send a fleet into that zone. Of course not. So you will send your own fleet into the zone to protect Federation colonies. But at some point the two fleets will meet, tensions will rise, nerves will fray, and someone will make the tiniest mistake. It is a prospect I do not relish, Commander. Unless I can bring something back to Central Command to prove your good faith and your willingness to help stop the Defiant, I don't believe anything can prevent this conflict from beginning. You'll help us destroy one of your own ships? Oh, I'm sure you do, but you're in no position to bargain here, Commander. You want to prevent a war? You come back to Cardassia with me and you help me destroy the Defiant. [Cabin] This is where I will be conducting the search for the Defiant. From this room, I can control every Cardassian ship, outpost, and space station anywhere in our (Enter a woman) Ah. Commander, allow me to introduce Korinas, our observer from the Obsidian Order. Commander Sisko. You knew about this? And the Order chose not to share this intelligence with the Central Command? Well, your Lieutenant Riker isn't likely to respect that agreement with the Romulans. And there's no way to locate a ship under cloak. Can you give us the specifications of that beam? Put it on the main viewer. Who's commanding the outpost nearest that ship? Order all warships in that sector to converge on the Defiant. Tell Gul Toran that he has permission to pursue the Defiant into the Demilitarised zone. Commander, you don't expect me to break off pursuit of the Defiant simply because the treaty Order Toran to break off pursuit. Have him redeploy his Tell Toran to head for Outpost forty-seven! It's headed directly into the heart of Cardassian territory. Oh, I'm sorry, Commander. I was thinking about my son's birthday. Yes. Today is his eleventh birthday. I'd promised to take him to the amusement centre in Lakarian City. He always wanted to go but I never have the time. I told him, this year will be different this year, Mekor. This year I will make the time. When my son looks back on this day, the only thing he'll remember is that a Federation officer on a Federation ship invaded his home and kept his father away from him on his eleventh birthday. And he won't look back with understanding, he'll look back with hatred. And that's sad. [Bridge] (The Defiant goes back under cloak.) But there's nothing of any value in that sector. There's one. Orias Three. But it's uninhabited, it's desolate. All right. Contact Gul Ranor. Tell him to dispatch one warship You're here as an observer. You have no authority Why? Well you can file a complaint with the Central Command later. Open a channel to Gul Ranor now. Are you saying that you will fire on another Cardassian ship? I've spoken to a few friends in the Central Command. The Obsidian Order isn't giving them any answers either. In theory they answer to the political authority of the Detapa Council, just as the military does. In practice we both run our own affairs. It's worked for over five centuries. Is this signature moving? Where is the Kraxon? (The location is brought up on the viewscreen) We still don't know that Orias is the target. Until we do, I can't risk pulling ships away from other potential targets to chase down a neutrino signature. [Bridge] Order the Kraxon to pursue at maximum warp. Order all other ships in the sector to follow. [Bridge] When you make out your report for the Obsidian Order be sure to mention the fact that I could have prevented the Defiant from reaching Orias if you hadn't interfered. What kind of ships? Whose ships are those, Korinas? Because if they were military ships, I would know about them. So that leaves the Obsidian Order. They're not supposed to. In fact, they are explicitly forbidden from having military equipment of any kind. (Korinas smiles and walks out.) [Bridge] I'd be happy to accept his surrender but I doubt he'll be willing to hand over his logs. I do want that information, Commander, and I would be willing to return your wayward ship. But someone has to pay for what's happened here and I don't want that someone to be me. A Federation trial All right. I would be willing to hand over Major Kira, the Maquis, and the ship, but not Riker. He led the mission. If I can bring him to justice and obtain the information on Orias, that might be enough for Central Command. I'll have to clear that with the Ministry of Justice. This is Gul Dukat of the Second Order. I am authorised to tell you that if you surrender your ship none of you will be harmed. I've ordered the Kraxon to put her shields around you as soon as you arrive. You'll be safe once you get there. Those are faster than any Keldon class ships I've ever seen. What is going on in that system? [Bridge] They won't fire on another Cardassian ship. They can't. [Bridge]
Major, I have just informed Commander Sisko that the Cardassian High Command has issued a formal apology to the people of Bajor. We had no idea that Bajoran prisoners were still being held on Cardassia Four. Such detentions are a direct violation of supreme directive twenty six forty five, and I assure you the camp Prefect will be chastised accordingly. They are already en route to Bajor. I'm sure you do. And I hope our quick response to this unfortunate situation will prove once and for all that Cardassia is no longer your enemy. (transmission ends)
I've been waiting for this moment for five years. I'm well aware of it. I've found that one can't be too careful when dealing with the Bajorans. The station no longer requires a Bajoran security force. Our troops can handle any problems that might arise. The order stands. You may trust the Bajorans, but I don't. And until they earn my trust, I prefer to keep them unarmed. And if you were in my position, Major, you would do exactly the same thing. She's a fascinating woman, isn't she? I find him useful. Well, I admit the work is proceeding more slowly than expected, but as you know, these are not ordinary mines. Every time we deactivate or destroy one of them, its neighbour replicates a new one. And we will. But there's no need for panic. We are winning the war. Weyoun, I said I will deal with the minefield, and I will. [Quark's] (Cardassians using the facilities, Jem'Hadar just sitting around. Quark goes over to one group.) Come in. I always want to see you, Major. And therein lies the problem. It's been three months since my return to this station and you and I have barely spent any time with one another. Oh, I know you can point out the various meetings we've attended together, but they never seem to offer us the opportunity to venture beyond station business. Major! I haven't dismissed you yet. Come now, Major. Have the last three months been that bad? Sarcasm doesn't become you, Major. It's your directness that I've always found most appealing. You feel I've betrayed you. Cardassia was on the edge of an abyss, Major. The war with the Klingons left us into a third-rate power. My people had lost their way. I've made them strong again. Yes, a high price, to be sure. But look what we're getting in return. The Alpha Quadrant itself. Yes, we will. Oh, I could make things very pleasant for you here, Kira. I'm a patient man. I can wait. Oh, we already do. Good day, Major. I have work to do. (And he goes back to spinning the baseball on the desk.) [Jem'Hadar ship control room] You enjoy that, don't you? That constant reminder that you're their master. That may be. But even amongst servants, someone has to be in charge. I do.
I'm here unofficially to help you find out the truth about the Bok'Nor. Because I already know the truth. It's not working. That is what's wrong. It's simply a matter of discipline. You people really do not do this very well, do you? Now, on Cardassia we know how to extract information, though it can get a bit unpleasant, and we all know how the Federation dislikes unpleasantness. Oh, that's right. You're renegades, aren't you? Or so you'd like to think. Unfortunately, the Federation has taught you your lessons all too well. You simply lack the commitment it takes to do what is necessary. Anyone can blow up a ship. Ha! But to look your enemy in the eye, knowing you'll remember his face for the rest of your life. Now that takes a stomach much stronger than you'll ever have. There, you see? Will you stop talking and shoot them. What are you waiting for? Shoot them! (Dukat knocks down Sakonna, Amaros fires, others follow. Bashir stuns one Maquis, Sisko two. Amaros tries to run up the ladder and Odo literally lassoes him. Dukat grabs Amaros then Sisko gets to Dukat.) Enter. I find a good meal extremely relaxing, especially after a difficult day. Really? I wonder what else we have in common. Other than the fact that you have my office. Tell me, what's going to happen with your prisoners? And if they're found innocent? How barbaric. On Cardassia, the verdict is always known before the trial begins. And it's always the same. Because the people demand it. They enjoy watching justice triumph over evil every time. They find it comforting. Cardassians don't make mistakes. Commander, one thing does puzzle me. Surely the Central Command was informed of my kidnapping. Then why was I rescued by you? Why wasn't the station surrounded by Cardassian ships demanding my release? Ah. I'm sure he made some rather ugly threats on my behalf. It seems my relationship with the Central Command has somewhat deteriorated. I knew this was inevitable the moment we withdrew from Bajor. Ha. There are those who believe I should have killed every last Bajoran while I had the chance. Oh well, it's too late for that, I'm afraid. Commander, it seems I was mistaken It appears I was misinformed. I'm beginning to believe the Central Command is indeed smuggling weapons into the Demilitarised zone after all. No. They never bothered to tell me. If I help you stop the smuggling, will you help me stop the Maquis? I'll be there. Commander, thank you for coming to my rescue. And lost. Perhaps I could question her? Pity. I like a challenge. My guess would be by way of a Xepolite free trader. Because the Xepolites have often served as intermediaries for us in the past. Ah, but the Xepolites have never been caught. [Runabout Mekong] Of course they're not responding. Would you respond to a Federation hail if your cargo bays were full of Cardassian weapons? You're wasting time. Xepolite ships can reach a maximum speed of warp nine point eight. If they decide to run, we'll never catch them. I would breach their shields with my phasers and destroy their bridge. That's correct. Then I would lock onto the ship with my tractor beam and tow it and its cargo back to the station. Very simple, very effective. In that case, you will do exactly as you're told. You will allow us free access to your ship, so that we can verify that you are indeed carrying Cardassian weapons into the Demilitarised zone. You will then follow us back to Deep Space Nine, where your cargo will be confiscated and you will make a full confession detailing everything you know about the smuggling of weapons into the Demilitarised zone. Then you will then sign that confession, after which you and your ship will be allowed on your way. Is that clear? I'm not just any Cardassian. I'm Gul Dukat, Commander of the Second Order. You have fifteen seconds to lower your shields or we'll destroy your ship. Ten seconds. Seven seconds. Four seconds. I think you can handle it from here. [Holding cell] A concealed weapons depot located within a civilian population centre? But she didn't tell you on which colony the depot's hidden? How convenient. Why? Because Vulcans don't lie? They don't blow up ships either, as a rule. But let's assume she is telling the truth. I take it you haven't shared this information with the Central Command? Good. Because they would never trust you to handle this matter alone. Leave that to me. I may no longer be a favourite with Central Command, but I know people who are. And if you can't? The Bryma Colony. According to my sources, that's the location of the weapons depot. What's that human expression? Shoot to kill. How noble. I hope the Maquis will be as obliging to you. [Runabout Rio Grande] What are you waiting for? They're coming back around. We've taken a direct hit on our primary fusion core. The port nacelle is flooded with ionised deuterium. We've lost both warp and impulse engines. He's turning away. Now's your chance. Fire. He's getting away. What are you waiting for? He's helpless. Finish him. No! I thought you were strong, Commander. You're not. You're a fool. A sentimental fool. You disappoint me.
Name? Look at me when I speak to you, Leeta. (He gestures for her to turn around.) She'll do. (The soldier leaves) Kanar. (Dax pours a glass) For two. Have you ever had kanar? Well, then this is an occasion. You're trembling. Despite what you may have heard, I'm a fair man, Leeta. Rest assured, you have nothing to fear from me. I did not bring you here to be abused. It may surprise you to hear this, but my position is a lonely one. I'm isolated from the people who live under my protection. I require someone to talk with. In short, a friend. Ironic, isn't it, that I should choose a simple Bajoran girl to share my inner thoughts with. But as you get to know me, Leeta, I think you'll find that I'm a complicated man. To the beginning of your education. [Terok Nor - Quark's] (After hours, and our gang are cleaning up half eaten meals.) That's enough. (The medic leaves. Dax is eating well) Better than last time. This is the fourth assassination attempt I've survived. Maybe I should. I'm glad to see you have your appetite back. I've wanted to increase rations in the Bajoran sector for some time now, but the resistance makes it almost impossible to show any sort of kindness to your people. Yes, of course. The Bajorans are, well, they're like my children, I suppose. And like any father, I want only what's best for them. Bad manners are the fault of the parent, not the child. My weakness is I'm too generous, too forgiving. My heart is too big. (Dax goes up behind him and knocks him out.) This the price for taking up arms against those who would protect you, who have only your best interests at heart.
Ah, Captain Sisko. Always a pleasure. I prefer the title Gul. So much more hands-on than Legate. And less pretentious than the other alternatives, President, Emperor, First Minister, Emissary. Captain, such comments only reveal a deep misunderstanding of the intricacies of the Dominion political system. Under our new administration, Cardassia enjoys unparalleled autonomy and Very well. We have reason to believe you have one of our citizens aboard your station. A certain Tekeny Ghemor, formerly a Legate in the Cardassian Central Command. Well, we want him back. To put it mildly, he has a lot to answer for. Captain Sisko. You said you'd take my request for Ghemor's extradition under advisement. I eagerly await your decision. [Captain's office] Captain Sisko. Thank you for the kind invitation. This is one of my Dominion advisors, Weyoun. The Vorta are experts at cloning. Then I'll make it simple, Captain. Tekeny Ghemor is not a well man. He would be better off under the care of his own people. We want him to know he can come home. No, not at all. Ghemor's case has been reviewed by the new judicial system and he's been cleared of any wrongdoing. So, as you can see, there's no reason Ghemor can't return to Cardassia. It is where you belong, Ghemor. You haven't heard my entire offer. We do have something else I think might interest you. Your daughter, Iliana. Your daughter is alive. I know where to find her. My ship will be docked here few days longer. Major. Sorry to disturb you. Your defense of Ghemor is admirable. But did it ever occur to you, you may be fighting the wrong battle? Do you recall the massacre at the Kiessa Monastery? See for yourself. That is his official military record. You can verify anything on there with Bajoran Intelligence if you like. I must admit, I do get a certain perverse pleasure out of it. Read it or not, it's up to you. (Kira throws a cup at Dukat.) Maybe. But not today. (Dukat leaves, and Kira reads the PADD.) [Ghemor's quarters] I don't know why you insist on playing this ridiculous game. Ah, Captain. Can I help you? No, thank you. I'm not particularly thirsty right now. I said no thank you. I never touch Kanar on an empty stomach, Captain. It's bad for the digestion. Fascinating. Tread with care, Captain. You're coming dangerously close to accusing the head of the Cardassian government of attempted murder. What? Are you insane? Yes. I understand Legate Ghemor has passed away. Oh Captain, such cynicism does not suit you. All of Cardassia will mourn the passing of Tekeny Ghemor. He was a great man. Not at all. It takes a great man to admit he's wrong, and that's what Ghemor did. I'm speaking of his last minute change of heart. His deathbed decision to embrace the new Dominion government. I would like his body transferred to my ship. We'll take him home and bury him with full state honours.
Take your hands off her! (Dukat grabs Garak and leans him over the railing.) You touch my daughter again, I'll kill you. I'll act as I please, Ferengi. You have no idea how it pains me to hear you say that. It is good to see you again, Ziyal. Oh, I had a little skirmish with a Klingon battle cruiser. My ship was damaged, so I came here for repairs and to spend some time with you. And I can see we have a lot to talk about. [Corridor] Major, you and I have to talk. I left my daughter in your care. You promised me you would look after her. I trusted you. I'm not talking about exposing her to your backward superstitions. She's half-Bajoran. That's part of her cultural heritage. I understand that. I'm talking about Garak. She's in love with him. So you've known about this all along, and you've done nothing to stop it? The man is a heartless, cold-blooded killer. You did this on purpose, didn't you? Allowed my daughter to associate with a man you knew was my enemy. Stood by while he whispered poison in her ear. And all under the guise of doing me a favour. Save your excuses, Major. You've betrayed me, and I promise I won't forget it. There was a time when Bajorans took Cardassian threats very seriously. Good day, Major. Not long. No, I don't think so. Forget about dinner. I want you to go to back your quarters and pack your things. There's a ship leaving for Cardassia in the morning. I want you on it. I've just learned there's a Dominion fleet headed for the wormhole. This place is not safe any longer. Ziyal, there's nothing to discuss. I'm not going to let any harm come to you. Now, I think you'd better get ready to leave. [Internment centre] Sorry I'm late. Captain Sisko invited me. My ship and my crew are at your disposal. Casualties of war. Ah, it's about time. You almost missed your transport. Where's your baggage? Never mind. I'll have it sent to you. Ziyal, I know we haven't spent much time together, but I think you know me well enough to realise that when I give an order, I expect to be obeyed. No, you're my daughter. Ziyal, you have to trust me. Things are going to change on Cardassia. I don't have time to explain. You're leaving now. It's him, isn't it? That despicable tailor. You don't want to leave because you're waiting for him? Listen to me, Ziyal. He's never coming back. He's probably dead already, and even if he isn't, the Federation is going to seal the wormhole. Garak will be trapped on the other side. Is a promise to an enemy of your family more important than obeying your father? (silence) So be it. Stay here if that's what you want. Stay here and be damned. [Internment centre]
