Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Status of your doctor? Point four cc's of trianoline. How soon are replacement medical personnel expected? Tricorder. Medical tricorder. A replacement must be requested as soon as possible. I am programmed only as a short-term emergency supplement to the medical team. There's no need for concern. I am capable of treating any injury or disease. No concussion. You'll be fine. Clean him up.  [Engineering] You're not seriously hurt. You can return to your station. (She starts to sit up and vanishes. Then everyone else vanishes too.) This is the Emergency Holographic Doctor speaking. I gave no permission for anyone to be transported out of Sickbay. Hello? Sickbay to Bridge. I believe someone has failed to terminate my programme. Please respond.  [Farm] (The corn is as high as Kim's eye. Palomino ponies graze. A middle-aged woman comes off the verandah of a big white clapperboard house carrying a tray.) Excuse me. Could you explain what has transpired? That's enough. This is a sickbay, not a conference room. Visiting hours are over. Everyone except my patient is to leave immediately. I strongly advise you to rest. I will not be held responsible for the consequences. Is the crew always this difficult? Doesn't anyone know how to turn off the programme when they leave?  [Bridge] (Janeway, Kim, Tuvok and Paris enter.)
Your nose is broken in three places. I'll need to reset the ethmoid fossa. Try not to move. At least she gave you some good advice. Now Hold still. Please state the nature of the medical emergency. That's it? So it begins. The trivia of medicine is my domain now. Every runny nose, stubbed toe, pimple on a cheek becomes my responsibility. I am not just a doctor. I've been designed with the information from two thousand medical reference sources and the experience of forty seven individual medical officers. I am the embodiment of modern medicine. How much dirt do you need? Now I know how Hippocrates felt when the king needed him to trim a hangnail. As a medical practitioner, I require a certain sensitivity to properly address a patient. I am merely a hologram. No. Why? I've just run a diagnostic on my imaging processor. It shows that I've been reduced in height by ten point four centimetres. Sickbay to Operations.  [Bridge] It's just that I Well, seems like a very busy day in Operations. No trouble at all. Just turn off the programme before you leave. What purpose would a name serve a hologram? I guess they never thought I'd be around long enough to need one. What's your name? Kes. I'm glad I could help you today. I would appreciate a certain expediency in the matter. I'm sorry, Lieutenant, but whatever it is you're going to have to take care of it yourself.
Hmm. Hmm, hmm. Hmm? Yes, terribly wrong. Your brain is not on file. Either your government failed to transmit the standard fifteen five oh one crew personnel report or somebody at Starfleet Medical really fouled up. And no one asked you for your medical histories when you arrived? Of course not. That would be the ship's doctor's job. My job, if anyone had bothered to tell me about new passengers, but I seem to be just about the last to know about everything around here. So, tell me, just how many other new arrivals are there? Another crew. That's nice. This is the Emergency Medical Holographic system to Captain Janeway. Missing. The Captain is missing. It seems I've found myself on the Voyage of the Damned. Very well. Please advise the highest ranking officer who is not missing, to see me at his earliest convenience. You may shut off my programme now. She is the healthiest member of her species I've ever seen. The only member of her species I've ever seen. You have a lovely brain. It will make a fine addition to our files. I wouldn't worry. If your species has a history of extraordinary mental abilities, this may simply be your way of flexing those muscles for the first time. Living in space requires the body to make a variety of biological adjustments. This could be a side-effect of that process. Go home. Get a good night's sleep and drink plenty of fluids. Everybody should drink plenty of fluids. Don't leave without turning me off. And call me in the morning. [Plaza] (Janeway and Paris have traded their uniforms for local attire. Some people are looking at them hanging up in the clothing store display window.)
Get the blood-gas infuser. Equipment storage unit two, second shelf on the left. Now! (Chakotay goes for the equipment.) Hold him still. (The EMH tranquillises Neelix.) He's going into a coma. (Chakotay returns with the small device.) The infuser will keep his oxygen levels stable for the next hour or so, but after that he'll die. His lungs have been removed. (A little later, Paris is moving equipment around and Janeway is being brought up to date.) The blood gas infuser will keep him alive for another forty seven minutes. The only chance for his survival I see at the moment is to get his own lungs back. His respiratory system is directly linked to multiple points along his spinal column. It's too complex to replicate. I may be able to surgically reattach the organs if we get them back. In the meantime I'll have to search for other options. Mister Paris, did they teach you how to run a respiratory series in your bio-chemistry classes at the Academy? Fine, I'll run it myself. Get me a pulmonary scanner. (to Kes) I'm going to have to ask you to leave. All right, just keep out of the way. [Cavern] It's up to thirty two percent. Lets see if we can stabilise those levels. Get me a cytoplasmic stimulator. Then replicate one. (Paris hesitates) The design schematics are in the ship's medical database. The man drives a seven hundred thousand ton starship so somebody thinks he'd make a good medic. A transplant is not an option. No one on board is a compatible match for a Talaxian. (The EMH walks past his office to where Paris is using the replicator.) We're going to need a completely new way to oxygenate his blood supply and relay neuro-electrical impulses. Our replicators can't produce compatible artificial organs for him, but maybe there's a way to mimic their functions and give us direct control of his respiratory system. Computer, is there an identification matrix on Mister Neelix from the last time he used the transporter? Transfer it to console four. (Paris and the EMH return to the ward.) I'm using the transporter matrix to get exact specifications for Neelix's lungs. We can't. But if I can reconfigure my emitter array I might be able to create a pair of holographic lungs for Mister Neelix. If it's successful, we can precisely control his pulmonary functions to allow normal breathing. Now, you hit me. (Paris's hand passes through the EMH's head.) The magnetic containment field that creates the illusion of my body can be modulated to allow matter to pass through it or be stopped. I might be able to modulate the holographic lungs in the same way, allowing oxygen and carbon dioxide to pass from the lungs to the blood stream. There's no time to explain the exact procedure to you right now. The risk is that it won't work, and if it doesn't he'll die. But it is his only immediate chance for survival. If he does survive, he'll have to be held motionless in an isotropic restraint. The lungs need to be perfectly aligned to his internal physiology. The computer won't be able to compensate for any body movement whatsoever. For the rest of his life, unless the holo-lungs can be replaced by his original organs. And he will never be able to leave the holographic environment of this room. The holo-lungs would disappear the moment he went out the door. One micron would be preferable, but I suppose it'll have to do. Initiating the holographic emitter array. Computer, activate programme Neelix One. Deactivate the infuser. Here we go. Yes, and they're working perfectly, if I do say so myself. Try to breath normally. I don't know. This is an unprecedented medical procedure. We will be closely monitoring your condition. Unless Captain Janeway is successful in retrieving your original lungs, you'll have to stay in the isotropic restraint indefinitely. Yes. I didn't design the room, I just work here. I'm a doctor, Mister Neelix, not a decorator. (to Kes) Perhaps you would be willing to accommodate his aesthetic needs. Visiting hours are over. He needs rest. Seventeen hundred hours. Not a minute before. Don't worry, I'm not going to kiss you, I'm only adjusting the restraint. What is it, Mister Neelix? Yes? An itch. You're quite welcome. I'm not leaving, Mister Neelix, I'm simply going back to work. You are all alone. I'm a holographic projection. A projection with a lot of work to do, I might add. There's nothing you can do except lie there and be quiet. You know that's impossible. Mister Neelix, you are alive. You are breathing and for the moment your condition is stable. That is more than most people can say in your situation. Now it is critical to your recovery that you not subject yourself to any additional stress. Try to calm down. You're hyperventilating. Try to take slow, natural breaths. Good. If you don't mind I'd like you to remain in sickbay so you're here when he wakes up. Me? Of course I'm agitated. This entire situation is getting out of control. First they tell me there's no doctor, so I have to be on call twenty four hours a day. And then they tell me there are no nurses so I have no one to assist me. Like I said, no one to assist me. And now I have a patient with severe and possibly long term emotional problems and there's no counsellor on board. I am an emergency medical supplement. A supplement, that's all. I wasn't programmed for any of this. It's just unacceptable. I've only done what the programme allows me to. It may seem that way to you. You're very kind. They learn from experience. I have the capacity to accumulate and process data, yes. Have you ever considered a career in medicine? (beep) Neelix is starting to regain consciousness. [Engineering] Believe me, I wish I weren't. Wait a minute. We've already considered this. Talaxian physiology is different from that of anyone else on this ship. His immune system would reject their lungs immediately. It's all right. The operation was a success. Neelix is asleep and breathing on his own now. With your lung. That will pass. You'll soon adapt to diminished lung capacity. I spoke to the Captain about you. She's given me permission to begin training you as a medical assistant. You'll be a back-up for Mister Paris, or possibly a replacement. That is, assuming you're interested. We'll begin your lessons as soon as you've fully recovered. Thank you. You've given me a lot to think about.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Please state the nature of the medical emergency. I can only speculate about my programmer's motives. Perhaps he thought I might be summoned for important reasons. Now there's an interesting concept. A hologram that programs himself. What would I do with that ability? Create a family? Raise an army? That makes me feel particularly confident. If you don't like the doctor's attitude, there's a man sitting in a console in the Jupiter Station Holoprogramming Centre you can write to. His name is Zimmerman. He looks a lot like me, actually. Now, not that I don't enjoy the repartee, but was there a reason you stopped in? Who gave you the first opinion? A nebula? What were we doing in a nebula? No, wait, don't tell me. We were investigating. That's all we do around here. Why pretend we're going home at all? All we're going to do is investigate every cubic millimetre of this quadrant, aren't we? But this is what brought you to me, isn't it? The nucleogenic peptide bonds. And you were doing so well. No, I suspect it's something far more interesting than that. [Ready Room] (Chakotay enters, carrying a skin.) That's your problem, not mine. Doctor out.
Is it sore here? Localised tenderness to the ulna bone, no epidermal damage, moderate oedema. What are the possible diagnoses? That's exactly right. Good. There's a great deal more for you to learn. The tricorder indicates this is a small stress fracture. Yes, he can. Activate it and direct the beam here. That's it. Not quite so fast. Of course, and quite expertly too. Fine. And if you were lucky you wouldn't die on the table while you were making up your mind. That should do it. How does it feel? Not more so than most. Let's just say I've become accustomed to being treated like a hypospray. Now, here's some material on first aid for burns. You're intellectually curious. I like that. These deal with human anatomy and physiology, but they weren't written for the layman. They're quite technical. (Kes looks over the set of PADDs.) Please state the nature of the medical emergency. What is it you want, Captain. About what? That's certainly true. I'm providing full time medical service for the entire ship's crew, functioning both as doctor and nurse, and now as an instructor as well. I see. Are you suggesting that I be re-programmed? Help me? What I'd like is to be turned off when people leave. I spend hours here with absolutely nothing to do. When someone does remember to deactivate me they do so without asking if it's convenient. It's extremely irritating. I beg your pardon? I, I might like that. I'm not sure, I'll have to give it some thought. You've finished those already? What are the bones of the middle ear? And the connective tissue between the middle and the external auditory canal? Hmm. I suspect you have an eidetic memory. An astonishing gift. I'll do a full neural scan on you at some point. [Doctor's office] If you continue to apply yourself as you have, by the time we get back you may already have the equivalent of a medical degree. Heard what? If there's one thing you can count on, it's that I am the last to be told about anything that happens on this ship. I see. Well, I'll say goodbye now. I won't be transporting with the rest of you. My programme is fully integrated into the sickbay system. At present I cannot be downloaded. (Kes kisses him on the cheek.) Wait. I'd like. That is, could I ask a favour of you? If you do leave, before you go, would you check to make sure I've been deactivated. Lieutenant, I am the Chief Medical Officer of this ship. If you have something to say to me, please, direct the statement to me. I'm not telling you not to work out. I'm suggesting you use a modicum of commonsense when you do it. If I see you in here again for an exercise related injury, I'll have to discuss the matter with your superior officer. You're fine now. You may leave. Captain Janeway has made me realise that I must function as more than an Emergency Medical replacement. I must think of myself as a member of the crew. I've prepared a list of things I'd like to see added to Sickbay. Perhaps you could present it to the Captain? There's one more request. Something of a, a personal nature. I would like a name. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
That's exactly what I'd call for. All right then, let's run through the osteographic series again. Just enter the responses you're sure about. I asked the Captain for one. Choose one myself? Me? Well, that just isn't. Holograms are programmed, Kes. They don't choose anything for themselves. Because we're not capable of choosing. I'm programmed with over five million possible treatments, with contingency programs and adaptive programs. But it's all programs upon programs upon programs. There's no independent decision making. The difference is Well, if you put it that way. Certainly. I have the names of Starfleet doctors, their patients, medical personnel in historical and literary contexts. Just pick one? Doctor, Doctor Galen. Doctor Salk. Doctor Spock. Not exactly. I never even considered that I had a life. I'm already on, Captain.  [Bridge] EMH He's severely dehydrated. Prepare an iv. He's completely exhausted. Can some of this wait until he's had a chance to rest? How long it might be before he's seriously affected, I really have no idea. It's extremely technical. To the layman, it would be virtually indecipherable. I believe so. But each time the cycle repeats, I'm afraid his brain will take another damaging blow. I'll have it ready for you. He's telling you the truth. The Banean medical authorities checked him. They didn't find any drugs in his blood. Most narcotics would've been gone from his system by the time he got to me. (Boom!) The cycle's ended. No neural damage that I can detect.
It's a simple process, really. She died of a cancerous growth on the brain stem. I removed the tumour, replicated new neural tissue and used the standard Starfleet postmortem resuscitation technique for a class five life form. She wasn't covered with it, exactly. The biopolymer is a by-product of her own tissues. As her tissues decayed, the cell membranes broke down into a biopolymer resin which was then excreted by her epidermal layer. My guess is it's a natural decomposition process for this species. Were probably the result of other bodies that had decomposed and left a residual membrane. In essence, Commander, you were strolling through dead bodies. Yes, of course. Kes, two cc's of netinaline. (Kes gives the EMH the hypo and he administers it.) Hello. Two cc's cordrazine. (There is a long pause, then Kim gasps and opens his eyes.) Relax, Mister Kim. Everything's fine. You're alive. [Mess hall] (Kim is alone, picking at a meal, when Janeway enters.)
His cells have mutated. Or they've been fused with inorganic matter. I can't make heads or tails of it. Look at this. His blood cells have bonded with metallic nuclei. That remains to be seen. I'm going to have to do a complete pyrocyte replacement if we're going to keep him alive. We'd better hope there are compatible donors on board. We'll let you know the results as soon as we can. [Corridor] I'm not sure. Even if he does, there's no way to predict what kind of brain damage there might be. You? I don't understand. All right. All the more reason we should have your blood on file. Ah, Captain. I'm glad you're here. I was just about to call you. Well, the good news is, we've been able to stabilise him. We had to completely replace his blood. His own blood cells were killing him. They were changed by the accident on his ship. We haven't been able to determine that yet. It will be the truth. He's dead. There was some kind of nerve toxin in that needle. He died instantly. Captain, may we talk to you in my office? [Doctor's office] Ah. Have I been called to testify? And may I say a doctor less informed about Bajoran medicine might have been fooled, but my programme includes the complete Bajoran medical text on Orkett's disease. There's no way any childhood virus or Cardassian bone marrow transplant can explain away the genetic markers in your blood. You are Cardassian, Ensign.
Holodeck to Bridge.
They've each taken a blast to the head by some kind of energy discharge. Cardiostimulator. Mister Tuvok has a serious concussion, but it's nothing I can't handle. As for Commander Chakotay, all of the bioneural energy has been extracted from his brain. Yes. From the looks of it, someone drained the energy from every single axon and dendrite right down to the synapses. I can keep his heart beating and I can keep him breathing, but other than that there's nothing I can do. He's brain dead. (Later, Tuvok is awake.) Can you tell me anything about the energy discharge? Its modulation or phase distribution? I don't know, but if I'm to have any hope of reviving him, I must know precisely how his neurons were depleted. It would be a great help if I could examine the weapon. You might have asked before adorning my Sickbay with animal remains. Ah. You've placed the Coyote Stone at the crossroads of the fifth and sixth realms, which would divert Commander Chakotay's soul, that is his consciousness, into the Mountains of the Antelope Women. According to his tradition, an extremely attractive locale. He might not want to leave. It's my business to know about a variety of medical treatments, including those based on psycho-spiritual beliefs. Unfortunately, in this case, the medicine wheel won't be much help. There's just not enough of his mind left to work with. (The EMH leaves Torres to put the Coyote stone somewhere else.) What? I still have a series of tests to perform, but other than his irritating lapses into nostalgia, I see nothing wrong with him. Perhaps my biomolecular scan will reveal something. I don't know. It has an unusual energy signature, one I've never seen before. One possible explanation, and the only one I can think of at the moment, is that an unknown alien entity momentarily took control of their minds. Well, except for me. What would that mean? That I am in command? Well, of course. I make life and death decisions every day. So? Mister Neelix, just because a man changes his drink order doesn't mean he's possessed by an alien. I could examine every crew member you've mentioned so far, every person on board, for that matter and it wouldn't do any good. From what we can tell, the alien can jump from person to person at will. I'm not defending him, I'm just pointing out that you're acting a little paranoid. In fact, one could say you're acting a little too paranoid. All I'm suggesting, Mister Neelix, is that paranoia is only going to aggravate your already precarious emotional condition. Try to relax. I don't think Kes has suffered any permanent neurological damage. I'll let you know the moment I've had any success in reviving her. What are you doing? Must you do it now? I'm in the middle of a treatment. No irreparable damage. In fact, her injuries are quite different from Commander Chakotay's. Her bioneural energy is completely intact, and I'm curious about these contusions on her neck and shoulder. They're not consistent with an energy discharge. They look more like wounds sustained during a physical struggle. I just don't understand it. The only thing these injuries come close to resembling is an extreme trauma to the trapezius nerve bundle. It's as though her nerve fibres have been ruptured. [Ready Room] It appears so. Commander. Can you hear me? It involved three neural transceivers, two cortical stimulators and fifty gigaquads of computer memory. I would be happy to take you through the process, but it would take at least ten hours to explain it all to you. Needless to say, it was a remarkable procedure. I would consider writing a paper about it if there were a convenient forum in which to publish it. (Janeway puts her hands on Chakotay's bare shoulder.)
If you think this is remarkable, you should see me remove a bunion. (Tuvok enters.) Using tissue from your counterpart, I can replicate the Klingon DNA, then over the course of several days, I'll reintegrate that genetic material into your cellular structure. That's precisely what I'm saying. Your cell's ability to synthesis proteins has been severely compromised. You need the Klingon genes to survive. I'll get started on the DNA.
Please state the nature of
Ah yes, I'm aware of these devices, but I've never seen one. Interesting. (The EMH puts the pack on a biobed and raises the curved arms over it.) Initiate the scan. Ah, ha! The patient is sick. To discuss the patient's condition in front of the patient would be a serious breach of professional etiquette. It's been suggested that I cultivate a greater sensitivity to my patient's needs. Don't worry, my little friend. Very well. The biological component of the circuit device has an infection. A very contagious one. I suspect the contagion is not harmful to humanoids. If it were, we probably would have seen evidence of illness in the crew by now. But in order to protect the ship's circuitry, you'll have to isolate and quarantine all the affected gel packs until a treatment regimen can be initiated. I don't know. Unless we find the source of the infection, we won't be able to stop it from spreading. Sickbay to Bridge. Captain, what seems to be happening. [OC]: I'm afraid not. Frankly, I'm at a loss. [Sickbay] What I find curious is that these bacteria didn't show up in any of our diagnostic scans of the ship. But if the bacteria from the cheese into the ship's systems, how did the gel packs get infected? Of course. A virus. The bacteria could be hosts to the infectious virus. There are thousands of viruses so small they would have escaped detection. It's certainly worth a try. [Cargo bay]
Emergency? Sickbay to bridge. Captain Janeway, please respond. Well then, who's in command? You mean the ship's empty? What is the crew's status? Did they go on shore leave? Are they dead? What? Can you give me a ship's status report? Okay, I get the idea. What caused this damage? Of course it isn't. [Doctor's office] Replay last log entry. Computer, have any escape pods been ejected? Scan the ship for any humanoid life forms. Well, I'm glad everyone bothered to say goodbye. Chief Medical Officers log, stardate 48892.1. It appears that Voyager has suffered a disaster. What kind I don't know, but one thing is clear. The crew was forced to abandon ship. It would therefore seem that my usefulness has come to an end. I am terminating my programme. If anyone finds this log, I can be re-activated by (There is a noise nearby.) Hello? (Something is trying to get through the Sickbay doors.) [Sickbay] (The EMH loads a hypo.) Hello? (He stands by the door. A dirty pair of hands finally prise the doors open. He grabs the person and pulls them through.) Sorry, I wasn't expecting a member of the crew. The computer said everyone had left. Attack? Why didn't the crew return to the ship? This tricorder isn't registering your life signs. This one isn't working either. Can't we beam her to Sickbay? Then you're going to have to go back up there with a medical kit. I'll instruct you on how to treat her. That would be ideal, if it were possible, but my projection system is limited to the Sickbay and the holodecks. Why wasn't I told about this? Her compassion is heart-warming. The next time I'd rather be kept informed. Where are these remote projectors? Most of the crew is gone. Could we divert power from life support systems? I assume there's still an emergency medical kit behind the tactical console? Then I'm ready. I'll try. Understood. Thank you. I have a feeling I'll need it. [Bridge] Captain? (The tricorder from the emergency kit does not seem to work, but the hypo does. Janeway groans and he lifts her into a sitting position.) Hello, Captain. You're going to be fine. Lieutenant Torres was able to get them online. Are you feeling any pain, dizziness, nausea? For some reason none of the tricorders are working, but from what I can tell you have a concussion. I'd like to get you to Sickbay as soon as possible. You were successful in preventing the breach. They were taken prisoner by the Kazon. Is it anything like a coronary bypass? Kazon! (The EMH ducks down under the tables and crawls along while Neelix catapults fruit and vegetables at a shadowy figure cowering by the window.) You're injured. (Neelix sees the red on his shoulder.) Don't panic, Mister Neelix. It looks superficial. Not unless you're allergic to tomatoes. That isn't blood, it's some kind of sauce. I could ask you the same thing. Me? Bleeding? That's impossible. (But there is blood behind his ear.) I'm not programmed to bleed. Emergency Medical Hologram to Captain Janeway. Captain, we've captured a Kazon. He's been rendered unconscious and Mister Neelix is fine. But I believe my programme is malfunctioning. I request that you return me to sickbay immediately. Pain? I'm not programmed to feel pain. (He scans himself.) Heart rate, blood pressure, brain patterns? Computer, analyse Emergency Medical Holographic programme. Has it been altered in any way to include life signs? Not on file? The programme's running right now! Display schematics for all Sickbay holographic systems. EMH programme A K one diagnostic and surgical subroutine omega three two three. Check the database and you'll find it! Well, then, who is the Chief Medical Officer on board this ship? Louis Zimmerman? Yes. He was the engineer who created my programme. I understand he resembles me but, he's not on Voyager! He's at the Jupiter Station Holo-Programming Centre. Computer, how long has Doctor Zimmerman served on Voyager? 48308. That's the date I was activated. Computer, display all Starfleet records on Doctor Lewis Zimmerman. (Personnel database 2794 comes up on a monitor.) He looks a lot like me. In fact, he looks exactly like me. Computer, is this me? Something's very wrong. These tricorders aren't picking up any of your life signs. At first I thought they were malfunctioning, but now I find they show me to be a living, breathing, bleeding human being. And that's not all. According to the computer, I'm not a hologram. I'm a real person named Zimmerman. I've been trying to analyse my programme but the computer says it doesn't exist. See what I mean? Computer, what happened to Captain Janeway, Lieutenant Torres, Mister Neelix and the Kazon? Simulations? Computer, I'm talking about real people. Locate Captain Janeway. List all other programmes stored in that memory block. This is the entire Voyager crew. Computer, are you saying that the crew is nothing more than a collection of holographic programmes? This is ridiculous. There must be something wrong. (A Starfleet Lieutenant appears. Everyone say Hi! to Dwight Schultz.) Of course I can see you. Who are you? My assistant's name is Kes. Who are you? What? I'm not familiar with you. Are you a member of the Voyager crew or have we encountered another Federation ship? What are you talking about. What are you saying? That I'm a real person? My wife? Please do. A programme I wrote? That's preposterous. I'm the programme. Voyager is a real ship, manned by real people. What was that? How did you get in here? You expect me to believe that the past six months I've spent on this ship have been nothing but a simulation? That's impossible! I have very clear memories of my first appearance on Voyager. Meeting Captain Janeway for the first time. I've had numerous experiences aboard this ship. How do I know you're not some kind of alien, impersonating a Starfleet officer. So now I'm having a psychotic episode. How dare you! I could be programmed to think it hurt. Pain. Pain, why would I have pain? I think I'm hungry. I'm not sure what for, but I'm definitely hungry. This is impossible. (Barclay returns.) Why don't you beam me out of here? So, what do you suggest? How does it conclude? Destroy the ship? Destroy Voyager? No. No, absolutely not. First of all, I don't even know how to destroy the ship. Second of all I wouldn't do it even if I could, and third, how do I know you're not an alien intruder trying to trick me into killing everyone? If what you're saying is true, why don't you destroy the ship? Why do I have to do it? I'm sorry, Mister Barclay, if that's what your name really is, but you're not very convincing. This appears to show a wall fifteen metres away and it does have a holodeck grid configuration. But you could be manipulating these readings. Yes, all right. But it could still be an elaborate deception. I can't take that risk. Yes, of course I am. I've seen this patient before. He has multiple percussive injuries. Tricorder. Medical tricorder. I've been in this moment in time before. Have we just been catapulted across the galaxy to an unknown area of the Delta Quadrant? And you are developing tumourous growths on your chest. Ah. So that hasn't happened yet. Is this stardate 48308? I'm not. Mister Barclay? Mister Barclay, will you please return? (Barclay appears.) This is my first memory of being activated on Voyager. Did I programme Mister Paris to be so annoying? Hmm. Computer, delete Paris. Computer, delete Kim. Hmm. (Kim disappears.) Let's just say your credibility level is rising. But I'm still not prepared to destroy Voyager. I need to confirm my true nature. Whether or not I am in fact a real person. Let's just say that I'm right and this is a real ship and I am a hologram. If I were to destroy the holographic memory core then I should disappear. Then I'm not a hologram. The holo-memory core is located in Engineering. Let's go. [Corridor] The remote holoprojectors were taken offline. I shouldn't be able to exist outside sickbay? A real person. Yes. I'm getting the idea. [Engineering] I'm the Emergency Medical Hologram. I can't. But it's a long story. I'd rather not get into it right now. I'm afraid I have a more pressing matter to attend to, Captain. Computer, delete Janeway. (She stays where she is.) I wouldn't be so sure. I was injured earlier. Now, just a moment. Let's not do anything hasty. Actually, no. The array you discovered is controlled by an entity you will come to know as the Caretaker. Or Banjo man. He's actually an alien life form who's caring for a species known as the Ocampa who live nearby. No, I don't think so. I'm not arguing. I'm simply pointing out that in several seconds the entire crew of Voyager will be transported to the array, where you will be tortured and probed for medical information. It will be quite painful, but not fatal. First things first. I have to make absolutely sure what I am. (He removes a wall panel.) This is the central memory nexus for all holographic systems on board. If I destroy this, there won't be a single hologram left on Voyager. Computer, what is the status of the holographic imaging system on Voyager? Are there any holographic programmes running anywhere on the ship? Then why is the ship still here, and not a hologrid? You said all holo-systems were destroyed. Why is the ship simulation still running? Then it's true. I am a real person. But if I'm wrong? I know, I know, but it's just so (The EMH clutches his head.) I guess you're right. What should I do? Ready. So I've been told. It's all a holographic simulation. My programme? Wait a minute. The entire crew of Voyager was just taken by the array. They won't be back for three days. So what's he doing here? Are you the real Commander Chakotay, or a holographic projection like Mister Barclay. Sounds familiar. He told me the same thing. No. No, I don't. Me? What, what is it you want me to do? Kes. Yes, you're my assistant. I always wanted to [Sickbay] What's going on? What really happened? So there was never a Kazon attack. And the crew didn't really abandon ship. And who is this Lieutenant Barclay I imagined. Well, this should make an interesting paper. Well, I suppose I should begin cataloguing the neotrianate samples I was working on this morning. (Tuvok and Kim leave.) I was under a great deal of stress, you understand. I may have said things that are not necessarily my true feelings. Kes. Oh. Then you don't think I'm beautiful. I didn't say that, exactly. I consider you very, very attractive. In a platonic sense. I'm afraid not. Our marriage? Are you making a joke? No. No, this can't be right. Something's wrong here. No! No, I don't believe you. None of this is real. It's all a delusion. Somebody help me! No! (The EMH tries to leave Sickbay but an armed Kazon forces him back inside.) I appear to be on the holodeck grid. Yes, I'm the Emergency Medical Holographic programme. Right? Well, I assume everything that's happened took place here on the holodeck. And Kes is my assistant, not my wife? Never mind. Captain, if it's okay, I'd like to return to Sickbay now. It's good to be back. It was a delusion, of course. I am curious about one thing. The radiation surge caused my programme to malfunction and my codes and circuits began to degrade and yet, instead of detecting that threat to my programme, I experienced an elaborate delusion concerning the nature of my existence. Human or hologram. Person or projection. Why? Why would my programme focus on such an esoteric dilemma? Not me. I know exactly who I am and what my purpose is. I am the Emergency Medical Hologram aboard the starship Voyager.
I finished analysing the shuttle debris, and I found no evidence of human remains. That is correct. My pleasure. Now, would you mind having someone transport this junk to the Cargo Bay? It's cluttering up my lab.
Sickbay to Bridge. Please turn to your Emergency Medical Holographic Channel.
Well, this is certainly a brilliant feat of engineering. Very amusing. Excuse me, Captain. Would you come down here, please? When did you last take shore leave? Ah. How long since you've done something pleasurable, for recreation? How long? Well, I want you to, now. I've checked Starfleet regulations. The Chief Medical Officer outranks the Captain in health matters. Now I realise this may be the first time a hologram has given an order to a captain, but I'm ordering you to report to the holodeck, now. And the two of you can get busy undoing this ridiculous blunder of yours! [Holodeck - Gothic novel] (After getting changed and pausing for a wistful look at the picture of herself and her dog with Mark.) I don't detect anything so far. No evidence of aneurysm, subdural haematoma, stroke. Possibly. Did you go to the holodeck as I ordered? And was that relaxing? There are other possibilities we should consider. I want to scan for airborne bacteria and viruses. We should investigate the possibility of an alien intruder. And I'd like to do a cerebro-cortical scan on you. (Kes jumps.) Kes? Hmm? Hmm. How macabre. My programmers didn't clutter me up with pithy Earth trivia. They programmed me with far more important data. Kes, would you please get my sub-neural scanner from the Med Lab? I see you. What happened? Captain, until I am able to determine the cause of these hallucinations, I'd prefer that you return to your quarters. Get some rest. [Janeway's quarters] Can you still see the hallucinations? My patient has to rest now. I'm sure you'll want to get to the Bridge. Captain, if you'll take a seat on one of the beds, I'd like to do some further tests. Kes, please prepare the Captain for a cerebro-cortical scan. Captain, I can't allow you to leave Sickbay. You're in no condition to  Sickbay to Engineering. Lieutenant Torres, please respond. Doctor to the mess hall. Mister Neelix, are you there? This is the doctor to anyone on the ship. If you can hear me, please reply. Either the communication system is malfunctioning or everyone on board has succumbed to a delusional state. It would appear that if the psionic field is to be blocked and the crew restored to normal, it's up to us. [Doctor's office] You will have to go to Engineering and complete Lieutenant Torres's efforts to create a resonance burst. I will assist you from here. I discussed the matter with Lieutenant Torres. I think I understand the basic principle behind her plan. How hard can it be? Go to Engineering immediately. I'll contact you there. [Corridor] (Paris is sitting on the floor with burns on his face.)
Describe the nature of your pain. Choose the word that would best describe your pain. Burning, throbbing, piercing, pinching, biting, stinging, shooting Hmm. Hmm? Oh, certainly. Fine. Nothing to worry about. The position of the baby is simply putting pressure on your sciatic nerve. You may return to your post. Elevating your legs when you sit should provide all the relief you need. Mmm. Ensign Wildman, according to your medical history, this is your first pregnancy, correct? Well, Ensign, unfortunately, pregnancy causes its fair share of discomforts, and you'll have to learn to live with them. That's just the way it is. (to Kes) We'll schedule her for follow-up in two days. If the pain has not subsided on its own by then, we'll attempt to decrease the sensitivity of the nerve in that region. Every member of this crew is an adult. I will not coddle them. Compassion can be your department. Fortunately, you have enough for both of us. I don't have a life. I have a programme. [Chakotay's quarters] (Chakotay and Janeway enter.) Please state the nature of the medical emergency. We did. But I became so uncomfortable trying to find new ways to break the ice, as it were, that I restored it. Let's just say it works for me. (Sneezes) Ah, you noticed. Generally, no, but I have accepted your challenge. I've programmed myself with the symptoms of a twenty nine hour Levodian flu. Thus, I will gain the experience that you suggest would be beneficial to the performance of my duties. A-choo.1 Holographic tissue paper for the holographic running nose. Don't offer them to patients. Hmm. Interesting sensation, blowing one's nose. It's my first time. Nothing of the sort. I intend it to be an educational experience. I meant for the crew. I'm tired of the whiny, cranky attitudes we see around here. I intend to serve as an example of how one's life and duties do not have to be disrupted by simple illness. Neither do I, and you don't hear me complaining. [Jungle] (The sun is shining on the broad leaved plants, and birds are singing.) You're very lucky this bird didn't snatch your eye right out of the socket. We have no spare Talaxian eyeballs. It's a holographic simulation, not an actual virus. There's no need for concern. You may sit up. I don't require any compassion, thank you very much. I have been experiencing these symptoms for nearly twenty hours, and I am in complete command of my faculties. (Explosive sneeze.) You may both leave now. [Bridge]  Now, get me somebody who can tweak the computer and make me feel better, immediately. (cough, splutter) [Bridge] Oh, I don't understand it. I ran a computer diagnostic and it said my programme was fine. Oh. Thank you. Thank you so much. Please, don't go yet. I feel like I'm fading. Just fading away. You don't know what that means to a hologram. Oh. My simulated virus is leading me to a simulated death. She is far more devious than I ever suspected. (cough) [Jungle] (The storm has abated. Chakotay wakes and wriggles out from under the fallen tree, then discovers his comm. badge is missing. He gets out his tricorder.)
Today, yesterday and the day before. You'd think a Vulcan would be more attuned to punctuality. So, how was school today? Sounds stimulating. I had no doubt that you would. But I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't let these mind studies interfere with your (A high pitched sound.) I don't know. (They walk through to another area, the Medical lab?, where the EMH opens a cupboard to reveal the Caretaker's desiccated remains are rattling in their clear container. Then it stops. A little later, Janeway has arrived with Torres and Tuvok.) Apparently so. But before I could analyse them, the life signs simply ceased. Where? Your cell membranes went through hyperthermic induction. The temperature of your blood rose by thirty seven degrees in a matter of seconds. You were in shock and I resuscitated you. I'm restricting you to light duty for the next three days. Try and get some rest. Vulcans make the worst patients. Fine. But if you're feeling any nausea or dizziness I'm expecting you to report to Sickbay at once.
I'm detecting a residual transporter signature. There is no doubt that this man and his unfortunate companion were beamed into space. Her early trials appear to have been less than successful.
Please state the nature. If there has been a change in the official dress code I certainly wish someone would have informed me. I see. May I assume your haste is an indication that you have a medical problem of some kind. Ah yes, the mechanical man. Kes told me about it. Fascinating. Die? What kind of energy source are we talking about? Hmm. Like diseased blood. Have you considered a transfusion? Aren't Voyager's engines powered by warp plasma? Which ordinarily would kill the unfortunate Bolian, but there have been instances when artificial blood was unavailable and existing blood cells were genetically altered for inter-species transfusions. Go on. That's exactly what I was going to suggest. [Engineering]
He's ingested a rare form of Nogatch hemlock. There is no known cure. No.
Very well, we'll do what we can. [Bridge] Cortical stimulator. I'm sorry, he was too badly injured. Everyone seems to be in generally good condition. Malnutrition is the most common problem, but it's easily alleviated with bio-nutrient supplements. I'd say less than an hour.
His life signs are normal. A few elevated serotonin readings in the hypothalamus. From what I can tell, he's just asleep. I don't see why not. (The EMH bends close to Paris' ear.) Wake up, Lieutenant! Well, I'm glad you had a good time. You're not going anywhere. At least not for a few hours. I have some tests I'd like to run on Your Majesty before I release you back into the realm of ordinary humans.  Hmm. It looks like he's having an allergic reaction. What did he ingest? It's a miracle he's still alive. This is strange. He's definitely having an allergic reaction. To the water in the coffee. I don't know how this is possible, but it appears that his entire biochemistry is changing. His electrolytes are breaking down, interstitial fluids are congealing. (Paris starts gasping.) The alveoli in his lungs are mutating. He's no longer processing oxygen. Stand back. Computer, erect an isolation field around the surgical bay. Computer, remove all the air from within the forcefield and replace it with eighty percent nitrogen and twenty percent acidichloride. He can breath, for now. I have no idea, but I assume it had something to do with his experience on the shuttle. (Paris screams.) His cellular membranes are deteriorating. He's dying. I need to know more about what happened on that shuttle, and I need to know it now. Radiation levels, unexplained anomalies, anything. (Torres rushes out. Later, Kes is monitoring Paris' lifesigns at a console while the EMH goes inside the forcefield. Veins are standing out all over Paris' face.) You're too stubborn to die, Mister Paris. I want to try high saturation radiometric therapy. It might slow down his cellular mutation. A fitting epitaph, but I don't intend to let you use it just yet. Begin with forty five rads per second. No effect. Increase the dosage to eighty five rads per second. I'm going to try inhibiting the cell mitosis with a biosuppresser field. It's not in my programme. I'll note that in your medical file. His lymphatic system is collapsing. Increase dosage to ninety eight rads per second. His life signs are critical. Maximum dosage. What? She can't breathe the atmosphere in here. Prepare to activate the neural stimulator. Now! Again. Again! No neural activity. His cell membranes have degraded. There's nothing more we can do. Computer, remove the acidichloride gas from the isolation field and deactivate the field. It will be necessary for us to perform an autopsy on the Lieutenant's body in the morning. Until then, I suggest you get some rest. (Kes kisses Paris' cheek, and leaves. Later, the EMH is working in his office when he hears a strange creaking sound. He follows the sound into the surgical bay, and pulls back the sheet from the body.) You're alive! (Paris scratches his head and gets a handfull of hair.) All of your internal organs are functioning again. In fact, you seem to have an extra one. You have two hearts. (Biomedical scan 47 shows Paris is now a Time Lord.) [Somewhere on Voyager]  He's body is going through some sort of mutation. His DNA is rewriting itself. To what end, I don't know. No. So far, nothing has worked. The mutations are unlike anything in Starfleet medical records. His internal organs are being rearranged. Some have atrophied and been absorbed into his body, and there are at least three others that have appeared and have no identifiable function at all. There are neuroelectrical transmutations at work. His synaptic patterns are changing almost every second. But he does still recognise me, the ship. He knows who he is. Of course. But I feel I should caution you that while he still is Tom Paris, he's becoming something else as well. His personality is erratic, unpredictable. There are moments of lucidity interspersed with almost deranged behaviour. I want you to run a nucleogenic scan to determine how much of his original DNA is left intact. In the meantime, I'm going to see about treating him with What is it now, Mister Paris? So I've noticed. Is it urgent? I'm rather busy right now. I'm afraid that's not possible. What do you understand? I beg your pardon? Something tells me we'd better hurry. [Briefing room] EMH [on I don't understand. This should be working. We'll have to increase the duration of the bursts. Lieutenant, prepare a five second burst. Also, you'll need to begin depolarising the (Crash!) Lieutenant? Lieutenant! What's happening?  I've re-examined the data on Mister Paris' transformation, and I think I understand what's happening to him. The mutations we observed are natural. The changes in his DNA are consistent with the evolutionary development of the human genotype observed over the past four million years. Increased brain capacity, the loss of vestigial organs. That's my theory. The only difference between natural evolution and what happened to Mister Paris is that his changes took place over a twenty four hour period. Somehow, travelling at infinite velocity accelerated the natural human evolutionary process by millions of years. It's possible that Mister Paris represents a future stage in human development, although I can't say it's very attractive. I think my antiproton approach was correct. However, I'll need to intensify the treatment to restore his original DNA.  I've eradicated all traces of the mutant DNA from your system and restored your original genome. Congratulations. You're human again. Captain, it'll take some time for your genetic codes to stabilise. I'd like you to remain in Sickbay for the next three days, just to be safe.
A perfectly good theory. Unfortunately it's wrong. This contusion is the result of a hard blow to the back of the skull. The coup contra-coup pattern of breakage should tell us if the blow is the result of a moving head hitting a stationary object, or a moving object hitting a stationary head. In this case the pattern clearly indicates the latter. I'm sorry to report Crewman Darwin was murdered. [Ready room] DNA doesn't know how to lie, Lieutenant. [Suder's quarters] (Suder stares at the PADD.) No doubt about it, this is the murder weapon. Mister Suder is apparently telling the truth. You don't seem satisfied, Lieutenant. You have a confession and the murder weapon. Does it matter? Ah yes, I see. How to close the case without understanding the logic of the crime. For a Vulcan, that would be a dilemma, wouldn't it. I doubt it. Kes, call up his genetic profile. So he's not insane, per se. What do the elevated norepinephrine levels suggest? These readings are not significantly different from those of the other Maquis crewmen. Obviously it takes a certain personality type to be attracted to the life of an outlaw. And what if there was no motive? I think you are trapped in your own Vulcan logic, Lieutenant. All of us have violent instincts. We have evolved from predators. Well, not me, of course, I've just been programmed by you predators. The question is, in a civilised world, can we suppress those instincts? Most of the time we can. Vulcans certainly can. You've got your violent feelings buried underneath centuries of control. But the rest of the humanoid races aren't always so skilled at self-discipline. Crewman Suder may have violent impulses that he just can't control. It has been known to happen. There's a definite neurochemical imbalance in the mesiofrontal cortex. That's where the Vulcan psycho-suppression systems are located. This may be the result of an incompatibility with the Betazoid telepathic neural centre, I'm not sure. (The EMH walks through the surgical bay forcefield.) Vulcan mind melds. Utter foolishness. Anybody with an ounce of sense wouldn't share his brain with someone else. Would you? I certainly wouldn't. And of course, when something goes wrong, and believe me it does more often than they'd like to admit, the first thing they call out is Doctor. I wish I could tell you. There's a recommended course of treatments that should begin immediately. First we have to take away his ability to control his violence. We do this in short bursts over a period of time and hope it provides a shock to his system. If it works, his own neural controls will take over again. I believe we're about ready. Revive him. We've temporarily removed all of your emotional suppression abilities, Lieutenant. How do you feel? Try to relax. The treatment still has about three minutes to go. Sorry, I'm not prepared to do that. The course of treatment is very specific. Ten seconds. Five seconds. (Tuvok collapses.) It's over. He might be able to fool the sensors. Sedate him again. Computer, remove the forcefield. I wish I knew, Captain. In a sense, Mister Tuvok's mind is fighting a classic battle between good and evil. The battle may be won in a day, a year, or it may never be won. [Brig] (Tuvok wakes up in Sickbay, alone and bathed in sweat. The forcefield is still there. He pulls off the blinkies then dismantles one to help him pull an EPS cable from the wall. He uses it to short out the forcefield. Ayala is dealt with quickly in the Brig.)
She's here in Sickbay, Captain. Please turn to your Emergency Medical Holographic channel.
I'm a doctor, not a performer. I don't have time for such nonsense. I don't think so. I would? This one's not badly hurt. Twenty milligrams impedrazine. (Jonas is on a biobed.) Treat him with the dermal regenerator. Ah, the situation has been stabilised. None of the victims is in danger any longer. One of the patients? I'd think you'd be more interested in my assessment of the medical situation. Yes. The first task is to triage, or to assess the relative condition of each of the victims, and then to prioritise treatment accordingly. I wasn't finished. Next, the treatment per se must be supervised Er. [Bridge]
Twenty milligrams of lectrazine. In her parietal lobe. It looks like some sort of implant. It's a very complex web of bioneural circuitry. Nanofibres. On the contrary. According to these readings, the device is actually storing her synaptic patterns, processing them and transmitting neural electrical impulses to the rest of her systems. No. I'd say it's more like a neuro-cortical stimulator, designed to supplement the higher brain functions. From what I can tell, the implant itself is functioning, but it's connected to mostly dead nerve cells. If we don't do something quickly, she'll be brain dead in a matter of minutes. Very impressive, Kes, but I think it's too late for that. Get me a high frequency RF transmitter. You're going to have to hurry, Kes. The patient's brain function is diminishing rapidly. Now, set the delta band frequency of the holo-emitter to eight point six tetrahertz. Transferring the patient's synaptic patterns into the holo-buffer before they degrade completely. There's enough capacity for my programme, isn't there? And my programme contains over fifty million gigaquads of data, which I don't have to tell you is considerably more than most highly developed humanoid brains. I'm creating a holographic body. Not only will we be able to communicate with the patient, but we'll have an accurate model of healthy Vidiian physiology that will aid in treating her actual body. Computer, project the patient's skeletal structure. Now add internal organs. Add musculature. Now apply epidermal layers. Computer, use transporter records to recreate the patient's clothing. [Ready room] I'm the Chief Medical Officer of the Federation Starship Voyager. We received your distress call and brought you aboard. It's quite simple, really. I used the undamaged chromosomes in your cerebellum to recreate your original DNA code, and then programmed the computer to project a holographic template based on that genome. A three-dimensional projection of light and energy. See for yourself. (The EMH hands her a mirror.) Your neural patterns were degrading rapidly. It was too late to expect results from inaprovaline, so I was forced to improvise, not that it would have occurred to just any physician. Why are you crying? I thought you'd be pleased. I'll need a complete medical history. How long have you been ill exactly? And when did you begin receiving replacement tissue? I wouldn't be too grateful. There are serious limitations to being a hologram. First of all, we can only exist within environments equipped with holo-emitters, such as the Sickbay. I'm this ship's Emergency Medical Holographic Programme. An incredibly sophisticated computer simulation. I don't have a name. It wasn't part of my original programme. However you, I'm sure, have one. Well, Miss Pel. May I ask what someone with an illness like yours was doing alone in space with no access to medical care? You're a medical practitioner of some kind? Well then, perhaps given your expertise, you can help me with your treatment. Unfortunately, that's only temporary. Your synaptic patterns will eventually degrade if we don't get them out of the pattern buffers and back into your brain. A few days. Perhaps a week. Your real body is in stasis. As you can see, we have to find a way to repair your damaged neural tissue. Is something wrong? (Denara doesn't like the sight of it in the surgical bay.) I'm eager to discuss treatments. The procedure is quite simple. I'll drill an opening into your skull precisely two millimetres in diameter, and then use a neuralyte probe to extract a sample of your parietal lobe, weighing approximately one gramme. Your experience in the Vidiian prison suggests Klingon DNA is resistant to the Phage. Losing a small amount of neural tissue is inconsequential. Yet that same tissue, grafted onto the patient's brain and stimulated to grow, will significantly slow the spread of her infection. If we can increase the grafted tissue mass quickly enough, we can transfer her synaptic patterns back into her brain before they degrade in the holo-buffer. It won't cure the Phage, but it should prolong her life considerably. Please, change into a surgical gown and lie down on biobed number one. I've finished ingrafting the Klingon neural tissue to your cerebral cortex. Now all I have to do is create an axonal pathway between that tissue and your basal ganglia. It's all part of my programming. For example, this exact procedure was developed by Doctor Leonard McCoy in the year 2253. I'm equipped with the collective medical knowledge of more than three thousand cultures. Additionally, as you see here, my imaging system allows me to perform, and in many cases improve upon, the most delicate tactile manoeuvres required by a dizzying array of surgical procedures. It is, isn't it? Hand me the submicron suture, please. There. That should do it. Excellent work, Doctor. Nonetheless, that assistance was invaluable. It could be two or three days before we'll know if the graft will hold. In the meantime, perhaps I should deactivate your programme temporarily. It would slow the degradation of your synaptic patterns. Unfortunately, that's not possible. However, if you're looking for something to do, please feel free to use my office to access our medical database. You'll find several interesting texts on comparative endocrinology. On second thought, there is someplace else we could go. [Sandrine's] (Neelix and Paris are playing pool.) Don't your people have recreational facilities? A wise policy. She is not my date. She's my patient. Mister Neelix, this is Doctor Denara Pel. Go away, immediately, both of you. You're disturbing my patient. I apologise. Irritating, isn't it? It's a natural response. There's not much to tell, really. My programme was developed by Doctor Louis Zimmerman in a lab on Jupiter Station. I was activated on stardate 48308. Since that time I've performed three hundred and forty seven medical exams, healed eleven compound fractures, performed three appendectomies, and in my greatest feat of medical prowess, I once cured Mister Neelix of an acute case of the hiccups. I am? Well, several clinical studies have shown humour to be very therapeutic. Consider it part of your treatment. What is it? That's dancing. (A couple moving backwards and forwards a few steps.) It's not part of my programming. Well, Doctor Pel. As you wish, Denara. Well, as I said. Well, I Shmullus? Doctor Shmullus. I think I like the sound of that. [Sickbay]  Well, here we are. Denara, I think we should Deactivate your programme for at least eight hours. I do. All right. Computer Yes? I'm pleased. Thank you for giving me a name. Er, well, good night, Denara. Computer, deactivate Vidiian Programme Alpha. [Mess hall] I'm running a level two self-diagnostic right now. I'll be there as soon as I'm finished. I've been experiencing periodic lapses in concentration and difficulty handing objects. There may be a malfunction in my tactile acuity subroutine. About two or three days. What's your point? I fail to see a connection. I told you, my programme's malfunctioning. Romance is not part of my programming. Yes. What if I don't want it to adapt right now? Because I don't like what's happening to me. I'm used to being in control of my faculties, confident of my decisions. But lately, whenever Denara's programme is deactivated and I should be concentrating on my work, I find myself thinking of nothing but her. Because whenever I do that, I suddenly feel unsettled, unsure of myself, and I have no idea what to say. Why would people seek out situations which induce such unpleasant symptoms? Suppose, hypothetically, of course I wanted to pursue that possibility. How would I proceed? That's it? Just tell her how I feel? I'm going to try stimulating your motor neurons. Well, the nucleus cuneatus appears to be functioning normally. And now for the anterior thalamic pathway. Excellent. By the way, Denara, I've been meaning to tell you. I'm romantically attracted to you and wanted to know if you felt the same way. (stunned silence) Is something wrong? Did you understand what I said? Well? Excuse me, Kes. I was speaking to Denara. Oh. I'm going to try simulating the posterior sciatic nerve. [Sandrine's] Actually, Mister Paris, I was looking for you. Mister Paris, I assume you've had a great deal of experience being rejected by women. What I'd like to know is, what does one do to recover from the unpleasant symptoms of romantic rejection? I can't tell you. It's a matter of doctor-patient confidentiality. I see. So, the symptoms do subside over time? I told you, it was confidential. I did? Well, what would be the right approach? Where would I take her? I wasn't sure you were coming. If you don't want to be here On a planet called Mars inside a primitive land based vehicle. It's called a '57 Chevy. Mister Paris is quite an automobile aficionado. This is his programme. I believe it's called parking. I almost forgot. These are for you. (He gets a bunch of roses and a box of chocolates from the back seat. And a cuddly toy.) I downloaded a new dancing subroutine programme into my programme this morning. Would you like to get out and try it? You wouldn't? Well, if you're interested, I could point out a few astronomical highlights. You see that bluish planet there? That's called Earth. It's where Starfleet Headquarters is located. And over there, that's Cygnus. And there, that constellation is called Hercules, named after a character in ancient Greek myth. Hippocrates was also a Greek. He was the father of Earth medicine. And that cluster over there, that's called the Pleiades. (They kiss, and snuggle.) [Bridge] Set the delta band frequency of the holo-emitter to seven terahertz. Wait a minute. Did you administer the cervaline as I instructed? I don't understand it. The brain, your brain, it's rejecting the graft. We can't go through with the transfer. I'm detecting elevated levels of nytoxinol. Is it possible you made an error? Administered nytoxinol instead of cervaline? You're correct. It's cervaline. Has anyone else been in Sickbay during the last twenty four hours other than you and Denara? Because if the nytoxinol was not administered by accident, I can only conclude that someone is deliberately trying to kill Denara. Perhaps someone who bears ill will towards Vidiians. Whoever it is, I intend to find out. I'm calling Lieutenant Tuvok. We have to find out who's trying to obstruct your recovery. Didn't you know it would kill you? She is you. Looking for the cervaline. I have to reduce the rate of tissue rejection before it's too late. If we don't get your neural patterns out of the holo-buffer, you'll be brain dead in a matter of days. I can't let that happen. It's my duty to keep you alive. I am your friend. You're a doctor. You can help them. Denara. I have no desire to see you suffer. No, but Denara, I was never afraid to touch you. Because I love you. If you go through with the transfer. Denara, you're not ugly. You're simply ill. Denara, do you think if you go back into your own body, I'll feel different about you? Listen to me. Nothing could ever change the way I feel about you. Not a few scars, not some diseased skin. Nothing. You said before you knew me that you were just a disease. Well, before you, I was just a projection of photons held together by force fields. A computerised physician doing a job, doing it exceptionally well, of course, but still it was just a profession, not a life. But now that you are here and my programming has adapted, I'm not just working anymore. I'm living, learning what it means to be with someone, to love someone. I don't think I can go back to the way things were, either. Denara, please. Don't die. So do I. I know. But we'd still have two weeks together before we reached your colony. Denara, please, be with me for as long as you can. [Sandrine's] (The EMH is waiting in an empty Sandrine's. The door creaks open and the real Denara Pel enters. He strokes her cheek then takes her in his arms.) Computer, play music programme Doctor Alpha. (They dance.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 Push! Cervical dilation is at ten point two centimetres. Prostaglandin levels are normal. Push, Ensign. I know you're fatigued. Try to focus on your breathing. Remember the exercises we did. When you feel a contraction, bear down. [Bridge] (Janeway is pacing.) What's wrong? The baby has shifted position, and its exo-cranial ridges have lodged in the uterine wall. This is a rare complication, but it's been known to happen in human Ktarian pregnancies. No. Its spinal column is too fragile. I don't want to risk nerve damage. If we don't deliver the baby now, its ridges could perforate the uterus and cause internal bleeding. Kes, prepare for a foetal transport. [Bridge]  I've locked onto the baby's coordinates. We're ready to begin. Initiating umbilical separation. Energising. (A screaming infant materialises in the bio-crib. It has three wicked spiked horns on its forehead.) Congratulations, Ensign. It's a girl. The transport caused a slight hemocythemic imbalance, but we'll stabilise her cell membranes with osmotic pressure therapy. (Big shudder.) [Bridge] The incubator is losing power. Activate the auxiliary respirator. (The doors open.) Second degree plasma burns on the face and neck. Treat him with a dermaline gel. Fractured clavicle, thoracic contusions, nothing serious. She can wait. Fused vertebrae. Prep him for surgery. Status? Increase the osmotic (Another proton burst.) That's not helping. Increase the osmotic pressure ratio by ten percent. Acknowledged. [Engineering] Try remodulating the osmotic pressure. Hang on. I'll be right there. (Another proton burst hits. The EMH flickers and drops his dermal regenerator.) Oh, no. [Corridor]  I've stabilised my imaging array but it could go out at any time. Prepare for emergency resuscitation. Not if I can help it. [Jefferies tube]  Again. I'm sorry, Ensign. [Corridor] I'm not surprised. I am programmed to be heroic when the need arises. By the way, Ensign, this other Doctor, did he have a name? By all means. [Corridor]
Ah, visitors! Welcome to sickbay. I'm the Chief Medical Officer. It's an honour to meet you. We don't often receive such distinguished guests here, unless there's been some sort of accident. I'm sure nothing unfortunate will happen to you on your visit here, but if it did you can rest assured you will find yourself in very capable hands. We are fully equipped to provide a wide variety of treatments here from removing a splinter to re-sequencing the base pairs in a strand of DNA, and our research facilities are the most advanced in Starfleet. Perhaps you'd like to use my office? I'm afraid it's just Doctor. (Alcia goes to the office.) Kes has been coaching me on my diplomatic skills. Was it something I said?
Excuse me, you're not holding that properly. Correct positioning of the index finger is necessary for optimal dexterity. (The EMH throws the scalpel away.) I'm Captain Janeway's representative. I'm here to negotiate with you. Are you well, Mister Kim? I would be pleased to tell you all about myself at a more appropriate time. For now, suffice it to say that I am here by a miracle of technology. Now, let's get down to the issues, shall we? I have a very trustworthy face. My captain is prepared to give you exactly what you asked for, under the condition you release all the hostages. We would provide continuing input from a simulated brain. A computer model that would generate I, myself, have a comparable The simulated brain The captain is prepared to risk the lives of the hostages rather than leave them under your control. She's the one out there with the off switch in her hand. A compromise. Let some of them go. We've studied your system. You only need one to survive. If we could just I'll be back. [Sickbay] Unstable, unpredictable. Everything you'd expect from fear. There would certainly be brain damage. Possibly, yes. Would Mister Kim still be able to hold his clarinet when I was done? Possibly. The brain is such an interesting organ. I'll choose not to take that personally, Lieutenant. For what it's worth, Mister Viorsa suggested there would be a way to make a simulated brain function in this system. He suggested it would take a recalibration of the optronic pathways. Perhaps it was because the clown's attention was divided at the time. My sweet captain has a new offer to make. The captain is prepared to give you a cloaking device. I'm talking about a device that would shield you from being detected by any other interstellar visitors. [Cargo Bay 1] You have to understand that the captain's primary concern is the safety of the hostages. Fear can provide pleasure. To seek fear is to seek the boundaries of one's sensory experience. I don't get out very much. The captain has sent me with an ultimatum. The captain is prepared to shut down the system one minute from now if you don't agree to her terms. Fifty two seconds. She is willing to risk brain damage to the hostages, but she will end this, and end this now, one way or another. Forty three seconds. She will allow you to keep one person on the system. The other hostages must be released. You have thirty seconds to avoid termination. Twenty seconds. There is another provision. The one hostage you will be allowed to keep is Captain Janeway herself. Your time is up. Your answer, please.
My scans indicate that all biological matter was merged on a molecular level. Proteins, enzymes, DNA sequences. The man you see before you is literally a fusion of two men. But he's surprisingly healthy considering the circumstances. All vital signs are stable. I'm also picking up traces of a third genetic pattern. It appears to be plant-based. Well, they're part of your genetic structure now. But they don't appear to be affecting your biochemistry. Yes, Captain. If I may, Captain. Mister Tuvix Apparently, that's what he likes to be called. Mister Tuvix is indeed in perfect health. And since I've collected all the data I need, there's no reason I can't continue my investigation without him for the time being. And according to my tests, he's quite correct when he says that he possesses Tuvok's knowledge and expertise. He also possesses Tuvok's irritating sense of intellectual superiority and Neelix's annoying ebullience. I would be very grateful to you if you would assign him some duty, any duty somewhere else.  We've made over a hundred attempts to reverse the symbiogenesis using the medical transporter, and each time this has been the unfortunate result. Complete cellular collapse. Obviously, in the case of Mister Tuvix, we're dealing with a much more complex organism than a flower. In effect, we're talking about recreating two humanoid life-forms without so much as a single discrete strand of DNA to start with. I am an incredibly skilled doctor, and I will continue to pursue a safe and effective treatment until I find one. But I won't lie to you. I'm not optimistic. It could take months, even years, to find a solution. And we must face the possibility that this condition is simply untreatable. I feel as though I've lost two patients. I'm sorry. Until late in the twenty first century, physicians administered barium to patients with certain gastrointestinal disorders. The radioactive properties of the barium made the lining of the intestines visible with a primitive imaging technology called X-rays. Then we simply beam out the selected DNA and segregate the two merged species. It will require a more detailed reprogramming of the transporter, but, yes, I believe we can restore Mister Tuvok and Mister Neelix. I assure you, Mister Tuvix, there's nothing to worry about. We've accounted for every variable. I'm sorry, Captain, but I cannot perform the surgical separation. I am a physician, and a physician must do no harm. I will not take Mister Tuvix's life against his will.
Sickbay to the Captain. This is the Doctor speaking. Something in the planet's environment is shielding you from the effects of the virus. [Doctor's office] Understood.
It appears he inhaled noxious gases vented in the damaged shuttle. Forty milligrams pulmozine. He'll be on his feet in a day or two but there's still a number of things we need to keep an eye on. He's had a nasty concussion, spinal cord trauma and a polycythemia, the cause of which I've yet to discover. An abnormal increase in the number of red blood cells. I'm afraid that won't help you determine if he's telling you the truth, Commander. An ARA depends on making a baseline comparison with the known response for a given species. Any Tom, Dick or Harry from the Alpha Quadrant, I could probably help you, but not with any of the new species of the Delta Quadrant. Regarding his veracity, it may help you to know that if we'd arrived an hour later, he would have been dead from his injuries. [Engineering] You are making an adequate recovery, Mister Teirna. The only matter that I simply cannot understand is this lingering polycythemia. The medical record you gave us does not indicate any prior blood disorders. Might it be an inherited trait? Do you know if your parents ever I see. Well, we'll need to monitor this condition for a while. It might be due to some chemical imbalance that our sensors aren't recognising, possibly the result of the toxins you inhaled while on the shuttle. You're welcome. Commander Chakotay! Not in my Sickbay. Please. [Bridge]  Help! Man overboard! (The EMH raises his arm to let a Kazon phaser go past, then he disappears.) [Doctor's office] TORRES I told you we should have run one last systems check. [Bridge] Computer, activate Medical Holographic recall. Set for twelve hours. Mark. (The Kazon cannot find him.) [Deck 8] Please state the nature of the medical emergency. How could I forget such an intriguing medical mystery? A Bajoran crewman with a Cardassian physiology. How are you, Seska? I see we have a new passenger. How interesting. One humanoid is pretty much the same as another from a holographic point of view. I'm programmed to provide medical care to anyone who needs it. I've learned that a bedside manner occasionally requires me to, how should I put it, soft-pedal the truth. But bald-faced lying, calculated deceit? I don't have much experience with that sort of thing. But my programme is adaptive. If you really need me to be deceptive, I'm sure I could learn. As you wish. Your baby's in good health. Chakotay's son? That isn't Chakotay's son. That may have been your intention, but it certainly wasn't the result. Here. See for yourself. (The EMH calls up his scan results on a monitor. Scan 4077 of course.) Your child has Cardassian DNA strands here and Kazon DNA here. Human DNA has a significantly different nucleotide sequence. He's the first offspring of a Cardassian and a Kazon. We have no frame of reference by which to judge his initial appearance. Perhaps he will develop more Kazon features as he matures.  Medical Log, Stardate 50032.7. I have determined that Commander Chakotay is not the father of Seska's child. I only wish there was some way to inform him. What am I supposed to do? Lead a revolt with a gang from Sandrine's? Conjure up holograms of Nathan Hale and Che Guevara? I'm a doctor, not a counterinsurgent. Get hold of yourself. You're not just a hologram. You're a Starfleet hologram. Maybe, maybe I could access a tactical database, teach myself guerrilla warfare. But that would take time. Computer, what is the crew complement? Eighty nine. What did you say? Betazoid? Where? Who? Who is it? Suder. Where is he? Doctor to Suder. [Jefferies tube]  Computer, emergency medical priority one one four. Delete the signature of Mister Suder's comm. badge from the system. There is to be no record of his being on board. [Camp] I was beginning to think you'd got lost. We have no time to waste. According to the computer, we're at warp. We've got to figure out some way to slow the ship down before we get too far from the crew. That would seem to be our first priority. And then we have to get some weapons. Mister Suder, are you listening to me? Oh. I see. Perhaps you consider this an opportunity. To obtain your freedom from confinement. How foolish of me to think you would want to help. Then what? It is possible. Violence might be required to retake the ship. Mister Suder. If Lieutenant Tuvok were here, I know he would tell you there are times when violence is required to defend yourself, to defend your ship, to defend your crew. We must do this together, Mister Suder. If you don't trust yourself yet, then trust me. I will help you anyway I can. One hologram and one sociopath may not be much of a match for the Kazon, but we'll have to do. [Camp] Yes, of course. We use it to treat radiation burns. Mister Suder, we need some weapons if we're going to retake the ship. (Suder goes into the access tunnel.) [Camp] (Baby Wildman is crying.) On the emergency channel?  Good news. Help is on the way. Mister Paris apparently was able to. Oh. (The Kazon crewman is dead.) Of course. You were smart to bring him here. We can put him in a stasis drawer. You did what was necessary, Mister Suder. Five cc's of improvaline will help you calm down. You must be mistaken. It was damaged on a recent away mission and left behind. I wouldn't know. There are several dozen crewmen on board actually, and they have been working round the clock to sabotage your vessel. Yes. Of course, you're right. It is one of the Maquis. Sticks and stones won't break my bones, so you can imagine how I feel about being called names. Very well. Since you are obviously about to disable my programme anyway, let me take the credit I deserve. I did sabotage the ship all by myself, with the computer's help, of course. As a matter of fact, one of your crewman came in unexpectedly and caught me in the act. [Stasis room] (Just off Sickbay. The EMH opens the drawer containing the Kazon crewman.) He left me no choice. I would think it's obvious. To make you believe I was hiding someone. I've had your people crawling through the bowels of this ship for hours looking for an intruder. I was inspired by the presence of a master. [Sickbay] You would have been proud of him, Mister Tuvok.
Her lifesigns are very weak but stable. It appears that her synaptic pathways have undergone severe neuraleptic shock which is disrupting all cortical functions. It is similar to a comatose state, but with none of the usual biochemical markers. I can't even speculate on a treatment until I know more about what caused her condition. Yes. I received a fascinating lesson in the challenges of getting clear scanner readings through solid rock. We were eventually able to distinguish an intense biogenic field at the site of Kes's accident. That would certainly explain the neuraleptic shock. She was lucky not to have been killed instantly. Really? I don't expect they'd care to tell us how. She's not responding to conventional treatments, and frankly I'm running out of unconventional ideas as well. The level of activity in her brain is so low I can't rule out the possibility of permanent damage, even if I can revive her. The longer she stays in this condition, the less likely it is she'll ever recover. [Sickbay] I'm afraid there's been no change. Not at all. She's probably experiencing light strain. What you'd expect in an endurance ritual. It's too early to tell. I'm downloading every iota of information from the bioprobe sensors into a physiometric programme which is analysing the data. Even the smallest physiological change may prove significant. We can't discount anything. [Ritual room] (The strain of holding up the large stone is telling on Janeway.) There have been significant increases in the Captain's respiration, neuropeptides and adenosine triphosphate levels. It certainly suggests she's going through a gruelling experience. But it's the neuropeptides that are interesting. The saturations have risen to quite an abnormal level. I can't say it's either so far as the Captain's concerned, but it certainly seems a substantial piece of information. Neuropeptide levels this high could well create a natural barrier to biogenic energy. Not yet, but it's the first piece of data that allows me even to formulate a hypothesis. Mister Neelix, you're wallowing. In useless remorse. I'll have to ask you to stop, it's bad for the patient. If it's any consolation, Mister Neelix, I do understand. [Ritual room] I understand your concern, Commander, but I must point out that her vital signs are stable. She seems to be in no immediate danger. You seem to be implying that I'm not paying attention. I assure you I am monitoring her constantly. If I thought she were in jeopardy I would act. Not that I'm aware of. She's fully conscious and has complete motor control. If she wanted to transport she could signal us. I am getting some remarkable data. Her entire biochemistry is undergoing a series of unique interactions. Look. This amino acid has been formed as a result of the breakdown of the toxin in her blood stream. It's affecting the normal flow of neurotransmitters and very likely having an hallucinogenic effect. I think she's experiencing the Nechani version of a psychoactive drug. I don't believe that's the case, and I strongly suspect this biochemical change is going to give us the answers we need. The toxin in her bloodstream may very well be the key to getting a treatment for Kes. Right away. The ritual may have been arduous for you, Captain, but it was certainly worthwhile. As I suspected, the toxin was the key. That's what produces the natural immunity the Nechani monks acquire before they enter the biogenic field. I've created a physiometric programme to analyse the immune mechanism and develop a treatment regimen. I'll carry out the treatment in stages to reduce the physical stress from the metabolic changes. (A monitor starts beeping.) I don't believe so. Hmm, her electrolyte balance is deviating, but that's not entirely unexpected. Hmm. Mister Neelix, if you keep on pestering me with questions I won't be able to concentrate on what I'm doing. (Beep beep!) Her cardiac functions are being disrupted. I don't understand it. Lectrazine should counteract the disruptions. This is baffling. Her biochemical levels are exactly what they need to be to correct the damage. She should be awake and alert. I can't explain it. Her vital signs are unstable. I have to discontinue treatment. I don't understand it. It's too dangerous. No. I'm sorry, Captain, but it appears that everything you went through was meaningless. [Sanctuary] The tricorder readings Commander Chakotay took at the shrine revealed traces of iridium ions, which we could have known about sooner if we'd been permitted to take those readings in the first place. They caused a temporary dielectric effect in the outer epidermal layers which neutralised some of the biogenic energy. Not much, but enough to make the Captain's altered biochemistry an effective defence. The metabolic treatment I administered protected you against the full impact of exposure to the field when the Captain took you through. That exposure functioned like a natural cortical stimulator and reactivated your synaptic pathways. Captain? If there's something about my analysis you disagree with.
 Ensign Murphy was just found unconscious on deck two. We suspect foul play. [Bridge]
Well, it was definitely a traumatic episode. Your heart rate accelerated to three hundred beats per minute. Your adrenaline levels rose by one hundred thirteen percent and your neuroelectrical readings nearly jumped off the scale. If you were human, I'd say you had a severe panic attack. No kidding. I don't know what happened to you, but there can be any number of explanations. Hallucination, telepathic communication from another race, repressed memory, momentary contact with a parallel reality. Take your pick. The universe is such a strange place. In the meantime, Lieutenant, you are free to go. All of your vital signs have returned to normal, and I don't see any residual systemic damage. But I want you to wear this neurocortical monitor. In case you have another episode, it'll record a complete encephalographic profile and alert sickbay at the same time. (The EMH places the device behind Tuvok's left ear.) I think we may be dealing with a repressed memory. The memory engrams in the dorsal region of the hippocampus are being disrupted. It's causing physical damage to the surrounding tissue. In Vulcan medicine, this is known as t'lokan schism. It means that the subject is inhibiting a traumatic memory, which is beginning to resurface. Strange, I know. In human subjects, repressed memories are nothing more than psychological traumas which can be dealt with, with standard therapeutic techniques. But in Vulcans, there is a physical reaction to the battle between the conscious and the unconscious. In extreme cases, the mind of the patient can literally lobotomise itself. There is no medical treatment for this condition. Vulcan psychocognitive research suggests that the patient initiate a mind-meld with a family member, and the two of them attempt to bring the repressed memory into the conscious mind. That's why I've asked you to come. He has a request to make of you. (Tuvok is on a biobed, meditating.) We're ready when you are, Captain. Fifty milligrams cordrazine! (Later, Tuvok is unconscious on a biobed.) There was a sudden disruption in his hippocampus. Luckily, he was in sickbay, or he'd be in a coma right now. That's the good news. The bad news is that his synaptic pathways are continuing to degrade. If the repressed memory keeps resurfacing on its own, it's going to cause more and more damage. Eventually, his entire neural structure will collapse, resulting in brain death. Not yet. He suffered a severe neural trauma, so I'm keeping him sedated for the next few hours. I'll let you know when it's safe to revive him. [Ready room] (Janeway is studying Starfleet records from 9521.6 when the doorbell chimes.) Their memory engrams are destabilising. Something must be going wrong with the mind-meld. I'm going to bring them out of it. Their neural patterns appear to be locked together. I can't break the meld. The damage to his synaptic patterns is accelerating. At this rate, he'll be brain dead in twenty minutes. Get me a cortical stimulator! [Excelsior bridge] I've programmed a cortical stimulator to emit thoron radiation. We'll bombard his telepathic cortex. That should be enough to terminate the meld. We'll begin with a twenty kilodyne burst of five second duration on my mark. Now. It's working. Their neural patterns are starting to separate. My God! That's Tuvok's memory engram. That's the Captain's. But this red pattern seems to be another engram. It's not. Which means it can't really be an engram. From the neurochemical modulation, I'd say it's something masquerading as an engram, the way viruses sometimes mimic certain blood factors to avoid being destroyed by antibodies. I think so. The thoron radiation must have caused it to manifest itself. Increasing the radiation levels should destroy it. Go to forty kilodynes, ten second burst. Now. [Excelsior bridge]  It's working. The mind-meld is almost broken and the radiation appears to be killing the virus. Increase thoron levels to (Beep!) The virus is migrating. It's embedding itself in the captain's brain. Cortical stimulator! [Precipice]  Programme a fifty kilodyne burst, five second duration on my mark. Now. [Precipice]  The virus protein structures are breading down. It's dying. Increase thoron radiation to eighty kilodynes, fifteen seconds. Now. [Precipice]  Again. [Precipice] (This time it is a boy in a baseball cap with a big gold D.) It's clearly a viral parasite of some kind but its origin and genome classification are not on record. The virus thrives on peptides generated in the brain. It evades the body's immune system by disguising itself as a memory engram. Creating a false memory so traumatic that the mind would repress it. And that's where it would live in person after person, hiding in a part of the brain that conscious mind would want to avoid at all costs. Memory is a tricky thing. If it was a real event, it's been buried and copied and twisted so many times, there's no way to tell what really happened.
That won't be necessary. Lieutenant Paris is just fine, thanks to excellent doctoring. I've finished analysing these implants, and you'll be happy to know that the treatment I've provided will successfully counteract their effect on you. My readings indicate that the implants are designed to stimulate the production of acetylcholine in the hypothalamus. Hmm. Acetylcholine is a brain chemical common to the neural structures of most humanoids. Essentially, it helps stimulate one's aggressive tendencies.
Good to see you're awake, Lieutenant. Not according to your cortical theta wave readings. The pattern clearly indicated that you were experiencing memories. Specifically, implanted memories. There's strong evidence of telepathic activity in your frontal lobe. In the Lieutenant's case, the memories seem to have been placed in her unconscious. They're only emerging when her conscious mind is inactive. The synaptic patterns of the implanted memories are not quite compatible with her neural pathways. There's been some minor cortical damage which I've corrected. This inhibitor will control her theta wave activity. That should suppress the memories. That's the idea. (Torres recoils from the inhibitor.) I don't think satisfying your curiosity is worth risking brain damage, Lieutenant. (The EMH fits the inhibitor behind Torres' left ear.)
Computer, pause playback. Excuse me but your entrance was early. You're rushing the tempo. I assure you I have studied the finest recordings of this opera. Caruso and Galli-Curci, Pavarotti and Freni, Sural and T'Pena of Vulcan. My tempo is accurate. In this instance they take it from me. I've programmed the orchestral playback. Madam, I may be an amateur, but I'm also known as a quick study, and as I am in charge of this programme you will do it my way! Shall we try it again. Computer, start playback.  O soave fanciulla, O... Stop playback. I couldn't remember the words. Just a momentary lapse, no need to over-react. I'm the one who needs another partner! You've got me so upset I can't sing. Computer, delete Right away, Captain.  A dio, madam. Next time I'll take my chances with Maria Callas. Computer, delete the diva. The injuries are treatable. It shouldn't take long. It would help if you didn't fidget so much. When you're ready to leave I will tell you. I'll look at him. Where's my retinal imager? Did you move it from the instrument tray? I've just had the most unpleasant encounter with a mad woman on the holodeck. She must have upset me more than I realised. Lieutenant, you're perfectly all right. What are you still doing here? Good. Fill the hyposprays, we'll begin as soon as I've finished scrubbing. Yes. 'O soave fanciulla'. It's an aria from La Boheme, a truly exquisite opera by Giacomo Puccini, a human composer of the nineteenth century. I've recently begun a thorough study of opera. I find it quite satisfying, but I am having difficulty finding a holographic partner for the role of Mimi. All the  soprani seem to have the most irritating personalities. These women are arrogant, superior, condescending. I can't imagine anyone behaving that way. A quiz for you. What is the first step in this procedure? Ah, quite right. Very good. We seem to have a small problem. I can't remember how to perform this operation. What is it? What do I do? Apply a what? Synaptic potentials are normal. Autonomic enzymatic systems are functioning. My self diagnostic routines have always indicated that in the event of cascade failure I should simply be re-initialised. I can't say I'd like to lose the last two years, but my primary responsibility is the health and welfare of this crew. In my current state I am useless to them. I believe Lieutenant Torres should start the re-initialisation process immediately. I can't put personal concerns over that of the crew. I can't see! I'm blind! Oh! That is extremely disconcerting. Please don't do it again! Now what are you doing? How extremely rude. May I remind you that I am, in a way, your patient, who's suffering from an unknown and obviously debilitating condition. I would think you'd be a little more sensitive to my needs. Then what do we do now? I seem to remember this place. It seems so long ago. That's right. I should have remembered that. How could I have forgotten? I certainly hope you're going to be able to do something about this annoying problem. Not to mention my hairline. Can you determine the source of the problem? I have been active for, for What are you saying? I wish you didn't have to go. What? What is it? I don't remember. It was only during my off hours. I'm sorry, I didn't realise. O soave fanciulla, O An EMH programme can't feel anything. It's emotional reactions are simply a series of algorithms designed to make it easier to interact with. I'm sorry, I don't know who you are.  [Bridge] He's a sick man. This is where sick people come. He's a very sick man. Shall I use it on the sick man? Others can leave, you can leave. Why can't I leave? My what? Yes, you're Kes. Of course I remember you. What an absurd question. But why won't you let me leave this place? Oh. Well, this isn't such a bad place. I remember there were a lot of people here, wounded people. I asked some one to state the nature of the medical emergency and then enquired as to the status of their Chief Medical Officer. He was dead. And then everyone disappeared. Oh surely not. That seems like last week. And there was a young woman. I was rubbing her feet. She was trying to decide whether or not to have a child. How could that be, I've never seen you before. What a very odd question! I remember many things. That doesn't seem to be the case. You find fault with everything I say. You claim you're my friend but you don't even call me by my name! No name? That's ridiculous! I, my, I demand you tell me my name! What, what's happening to me?  [Bridge] What is? Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Are you ill, young woman? It is very irresponsible to make such frivolous use of the EMH. Where's your Chief Medical Officer? A headache. Nurse, tricorder. You're the nurse? This woman has a mild inflammation of the occipital tissues. Hardly enough to complain about but I'm willing to give you a mild analgesic. Get me the vasal constrictor and prepare a hypo-spray with three percent hydrocortaline. (hums the tune then sings) il sogno ch'io vorrei sempre sognar! <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I find your interest in my well-being to be less than genuine. I recently suffered a severe programme loss and I'm still in the process of retrieving my memory files, but apparently on a few occasions I have been projected into other locations. Undoubtedly you're using a similar procedure. That is a matter of opinion. Now would you please return me to my vessel. If you have need of medical expertise, I would refer you to a more local physician. That is simply not the case. A paranoid response indicative of bipolar personality disorder. If my history is accurate, southern California in the late twentieth century had no shortage of psychotherapists, competent and otherwise. I suggest you find one. Now, return me to Voyager. I'm a doctor, not a database. Or suffer the consequences? Hardly. I'm a hologram. I experience neither pain nor fear of death. You have no means of coercing me. (Starling taps a key and proves him wrong.) I, I never realised. How? In case you have forgotten, I can only appear in a room equipped with a holographic projection system. In short, I am going nowhere. (Dunbar drives Sterling to Metro Plaza, and opens the back door for his boss. The EMH gets out of the other side and gazes around in awe. He has a device on left arm. Starling has something futuristic in his hand. Paris and Tuvok see them.) [Shuttlecraft] I'm not programmed to make small talk. It's just another environment to me. Run! (Rain gets out and runs to Tuvok and Paris.) [Shuttlecraft] I've been equipped with an autonomous self-sustaining mobile holo-emitter. In short, I am footloose and fancy free. [Shuttlecraft] I assume she is speaking figuratively. There's a name I hadn't considered. Try to relax. You appear to be hallucinating. Divine intervention is unlikely. (The EMH phaser stuns them, then unties Torres and Chakotay.) Tuvok's at the shuttle. He's starting repairs. It's a long story, Commander. Suffice it to say, I'm making a house call. [Bridge] Thank you. It's a pleasure to be here. How exactly to I get to torpedo tube one? If you're referring to my new found mobility, that is entirely up to me. Apparently the reverse is also true. I will be able to make use of the emitter as casually as you might slip on a pair of shoes. You know, Kes, now that I'll be to and fro, your responsibilities in sickbay will increase. Nothing I can't handle. You know, Captain, I've always wanted a little more privacy. Perhaps under the circumstances, my own quarters.
You must lie still. You have internal injuries. I'll sedate you if necessary. Give him twenty milligrams of lectrazine. No effect. His biochemistry is incompatible with our medications. The tissue damage is too extensive. There's nothing more I can do for him. Record the time. That's right. Why? My thoughts exactly. This synaptic stimulator will tap into the implant in Kes's body and remove the alien neural pattern. Then her own consciousness can take over. To be fully effective it would have to come in direct contact with her skin.
Just remember, Kes, anyone can stargaze on the Bridge, even a hologram with a mobile emitter, but the real action will always be in sickbay.
Captain! Needless to say, I thought you were something else. It won't be long before the other aliens sense you here and start to try to invade sickbay. We don't have much time to treat you. You've ruptured your dorsal extensor muscle and bruised two ribs. I'm going to have to perform minor surgery. Lie on your side and try to remain perfectly still. Voyager has been infected by a macrovirus. A form of life I've never encountered, or even imagined. Captain, I promise I will tell you exactly what happened if you just lie still. Shortly after you'd left for the Tak Tak homeworld, we received a distress call from a nearby mining colony. A race called the Garans. [EMH narrative - Sickbay] EMH A synthetic antigen may do the trick. However, it will have to be modified for this specific virus. I'd like to beam down to the mining colony and examine a few of the infected. I'm the only member of this crew who can successfully enter a contaminated environment without risk. Besides, I've been looking forward to spreading my wings. Prepare to download my programme into the autonomous emitter. Perhaps their condition is more serious than they thought. I'd better get down there. Don't worry Commander, I've been studying the Starfleet guidelines for away team members. For this particular scenario, medical emergency on alien terrain, it is recommended that we keep an open comm. channel at all times. Not without a more specialised immunising agent. This is curious. The virus has begun to concentrate in a region near his neck, and it's using his glandular tissue to create some sort of orifice. Something is emerging. A lifeform! Commander, I think I've just discovered a completely new form of life. From what I can tell, it appears to be a macroscopic version of the virus. Yes, by a factor of billions. The virus absorbed the miner's growth hormones into it's protein structure, and used them to increase it's own mass and dimensions. In essence, the virus has found a way to leave the microscopic world and enter the macroscopic world. Our world. It's a remarkable evolutionary development. The virus appears to be attracted to infra-red radiation. It's mistaking my holomatrix for body heat. At the moment, this one's approximately point five millimetres in diameter, but it's continuing to grow at a rate of thirty microns every second! Commander, permission to beam the virus aboard for further analysis. I intend to, but first I must return to my ship and prepare an antidote. I'm afraid that's not possible. We'd risk infecting the crew. Commander Chakotay. Perhaps if we established a force field around sickbay and beamed victims directly to But these people need [EMH narrative - Bridge] I'm creating a synthetic antigen that will inhibit the viruses ability to replicate, but I haven't quite figured out how to restore the infected cells to their original condition. As for the larger versions of the viruses, what I've the macrovirus, I would suggest a fly swatter. I'd say another twelve hours. Commander. I'd like to apologise for my over-zealous behaviour on the away mission. Thank you. (Chakotay leaves.) Yes, you did. No, just the one in the mess hall. The ship is healthy. It's the crew we have to worry about. Your bones have healed, but the surrounding tissue will be sensitive for a few days. I'm afraid it's not just the ship, Captain, it's also you. You've been infected with the macrovirus. You're experiencing a high fever. Your glandular system is already being affected. If I don't treat you now you'll end up like the rest of the crew. I've spent the past few hours perfecting the antigen, but I haven't tested it on a live subject yet. I believe the larger macroviruses are driven by some sort of instinct to assemble their host population. I was faced with an imminent epidemic. [EMH narrative - Mess hall] Optimal magnification. Excellent! That should give us the information we need to destroy the virus without killing its host cells. It's rate of growth shouldn't hinder our analysis, as long as it's genetic structure stays the same. (The virus is no longer visible in the microscope.) Computer, erect a level three forcefield around the microscope station. (The forcefield flickers as the virus bounces off it.) [EMH narrative - Mess hall] On the microscopic level, the virus uses that needle-like projection to penetrate a cell membrane. On our level, it probably impales it's victim in much the same way, infusing him with it's own genetic code. The antigen is ready. Kes? Computer, deactivate force field. (Kes stands back. The virus heads for the EMH. He grabs it and injects it. It falls to the deck and deflates.) Well. One down, ten billion to go. [EMH narrative - Mess hall] EMH (to Torres) Lieutenant, if you can hear me, I'm going to give you an injection. It should eliminate the virus. (Paris can hear the buzzing.) You don't want to know. (Two macroviruses pin the EMH onto the deck and nearly stab his mobile emitter. He manages to roll away under the tables.) Doctor to the Bridge. Intruder alert on deck two section thirteen. I have no way of knowing. Dozens, perhaps hundreds. They're replicating at an exponential rate. By this time tomorrow there could be thousands. (Buzzing and thumping at the door.) You're cured. For absorption by the respiratory system? I've already considered dispensing it through Environmental controls, but they're offline and I have limited engineering expertise. Easier said than done. We'll run into the same problem I face when I try to get to the Mess hall. The macroviruses are attracted to infra-red radiation. Set your tricorder to emit a thermal scattering signal. It will make it more difficult to target you. Ready when you are. I've been studying the ship's infrastructure, and I'm familiar with most of it, but, how do I get there from here? Until I hit the shuttlebay. Then I crawl through access port nine, go past three airlocks and then two decks down. Environmental Control's at the end of the hall. Now I remember. Who designed this ship anyway? We appear to be low on options. [Environmental Control]
The life of a recreational hologram - dining, dancing, non-restrictive clothing. (he gets a kiss) I see the allure. (to another girl) Your turn. (Janeway is with Chakotay. She receives a lei.)
Yes, Mister Neelix. You sustained third degree plasma burns and a moderate concussion, but my skills have prevented you from suffering permanent damage.
In addition to a dislocated jaw, Ensign Vorik seems to be  suffering from a neurochemical  imbalance.  I believe I should discuss that with the patient privately.  (Torres leaves.)  You're going through the Pon farr, aren't you?  Yes, I'm aware that Vulcans prefer to keep their mating practices  very much to themselves. There's almost nothing in the medical database  beyond a few observations made by Starfleet doctors over the years.  Your symptoms, the chemical imbalance and loss of emotional control,  are consistent with those observations. Have you been eating and  sleeping normally?  I assume this is your first Pon farr? There's nothing to be  embarrassed about. It's a normal biological function. I'll do what I  can to help you through it, but I'll need a little more information.  I'm afraid you'll have to. You have a severe imbalance in your  brain chemistry. If it gets much worse, it could become life  threatening. Now I need to know how Vulcans deal with this condition.  But in your case, being stranded halfway across the galaxy, that's  impossible.  So then logically, you try to find a mate here. I assume that  explains your behaviour toward Lieutenant Torres.  With Lieutenant Torres, upset is a relative term. In any case,  we're going to have to try to find another way to treat your condition.  Let's start with a microcellular scan.  How do you intend to do that?  Until I have a better idea of how to treat your condition, I'll  release you to your quarters. You'll be under confinement and wearing a  cortical monitor at all times.  I'm concerned about Ensign Vorik's cortical readings. One returns  to normal levels, then another one spikes. It's chaotic. As if the  brain's regulatory system had simply shut down. I can't tell if he's  making any progress with these meditations. I thought maybe you could  suggest other possible treatments.  Is that because you don't know, or because you don't want to  discuss it?  For such an intellectually enlightened race, Vulcans have a  remarkably Victorian attitude about sex.  Then here's a Vulcan one. I fail to see the logic in perpetuating  ignorance about a basic biological function.  Which is what, exactly?  Combat?  Isn't there anything we can do to help him with that?  The Vulcan brain never ceases to amaze me. Thank you, Lieutenant.  You've been a great help. [Transporter  room] (Torres  is a little hyperactive.)    There. Your serotonin levels are stabilised for the moment, but I'm  concerned about these fluctuations. It's becoming more difficult to  compensate.  I'd like you to consider an alternative treatment I've been  developing.  Ensign, your life is at risk.  Give yourself a little credit. You're doing the best you can under  unusually difficult circumstances. If you were back on Vulcan, you'd  have your family and friends there to help you.  I know that self-sufficiency is very important to a Vulcan, but  there is nothing shameful in getting a little guidance every once in a  while. I'd like you to consider my alternative, and then you can decide  whether or not to try it. [Holodeck  - Paxau Resort] Ensign.  Trust me. Ensign Vorik, I'd like you to meet T'Pera.  (A lady in Vulcan clothes.)  Well, I wouldn't recommend a lifetime commitment, but she might be  able to help you with your immediate problem.  Then I assume you have the same low regard for me.  I believe we're discussing your sexual difficulties at the moment,  Ensign. And this holographic mate is the best solution I can think of.  The difference is all in your mind, which, if I've understood you  and Mister Tuvok correctly, is where the Pon farr must ultimately be  resolved. Let your mind convince your body that she is exactly what you  need her to be. Think of this as an advanced self-healing technique. It  was still require considerable mental discipline on your part.  Good. Well, then, I'll leave the two of you alone. [Tunnels] You  called, Ensign? Is there a problem?  You seem much improved.  I'm pleased to hear that. This could be a viable alternative for  space-faring Vulcans. When we get back, I'm sure Starfleet medical will    (Vorik gives him a Look.)  Never hear about your personal experiences from me.  Soon enough, Ensign. I'll need to run a few more cortical scans. [Doctor's  office] Mister Vorik's biochemical readings are stabilising. They're not back  to normal yet, but I believe he's gotten through the worst of it. I'm  ready to release him from Sickbay.  I don't see why not.  I'll get to work designing the half-Klingon version of the  programme. There's a copious amount of information in the cultural  database about their mating practices. Did you know that fracturing a  clavicle on the wedding night is actually considered a blessing on the  marriage?  I'm planning to do a comparative study of all these mating  rituals. It really is fascinating, from a socio-biological point of  view. 
You have contracted a disease. The Vidiian Phage. No, Commander Chakotay shows no signs of the disease. You said one of the Vidiians grabbed you. It may be that the virus was transferred in that way. I can't offer an explanation at this point. It may be that the Phage virus has mutated to become more infectious. I believe however this explains the hallucinations you described. There is often concomitant stress to the thalamus in the early stages of the disease. It is known to cause a kind of dementia that produces hallucinations. I wish I could tell you, Captain. For the moment it would be best if you remained in sickbay, under quarantine. The fact that the virus has acted so quickly raises the possibility that others on the crew may be infected. I hadn't pursued the matter since we seemed to have moved beyond Vidiian space. But I'll now redouble my efforts. In the meantime I'd like to give you a sedative. Captain? I'll be running a series of deep level tissue scans. There. That should give you a good night's sleep. I'll erect a bioforcefield, and I promise you, Captain, I won't deactivate myself until I have some answers for you. Ah, you're awake. Almost forty hours. I'm afraid this strain of the Phage is particularly virulent. It's spreading rapidly. I regret to inform you that I have been unsuccessful. I've given that a great deal of thought. The prospects are unpleasant, Captain. You face a lingering, painful death marked by increasing periods of dementia and eventual insanity. I've come to the conclusion that there's only one humane course of action. Euthanasia. It would be wrong to subject you to such a prolonged and painful death. The crew would also be adversely affected if that were to happen. Klingon DNA might provide a vaccine for the disease, but not a cure. I'm sorry, Captain. The space within the forcefield is filling with a neural toxin. It is fast acting and merciful. Please relax and take deep breaths. It will be over more quickly that way. Ten milligrammes cordrazine. We'll use it in conjunction with the cortical stimulator. Now! Again. Quickly. Seventy five milligrammes inaprovaline. I'll begin direct synaptic stimulation. Cortical stimulator. Now! Again! Again! Don't question me. Again! Make a note in the log. Death occurred at oh three twenty hours. Cause, massive cerebro-vascular collapse. (Chakotay leaves.) Kes, please go to the science lab and prepare the autopsy protocols. (Kes leaves. Janeway walks through the doors as they close.) [Corridor] I'll use cordrazine along with the stimulator. [Mess hall] Vital signs are responding. Blood pressure is sixty over thirty. Direct synaptic stimulation might drive out the alien presence. [Mess hall] I'll have to try a thoron pulse. [Mess hall] I'm no longer detecting the alien presence. Vital signs are responding. Blood pressure one ten over sixty five. (Janeway awakes.) Perhaps you can explain, Commander. Eventually it was dislodged, but there were a number of times I thought we'd lost you.
Very good, Kes. Hmm. This is intriguing. It may be some kind of axonal amplifier. Kes, hand me a cortical probe. (The EMH activates the probe and pokes it into the implant. The Borg activates and sits up.) Of course not. Apparently, I inadvertently activated a backup neuroelectric power cell. The response was purely autonomic. There's no reason for concern. What do you mean? None. My best guess is that the residual neuropeptides heightened his telepathic receptivity.
Are you ill? May I suggest a tranquilliser? Vulcan's are notoriously difficult to impress. Mister Tuvok seldom acknowledges my brilliance. A word of advice, Mister Neelix. Try to restrain your enthusiasm. You're there to observe and learn.
Thank you, Lord Byron. A classic romantic early nineteenth century argument. I'll keep that in mind. (They move away.) Oh, hello, Kes. My personality improvement project. I've been interviewing the historical personality files in our database. Socrates, da Vinci, Lord Byron, T'Pau of Vulcan, Madame Curie, dozen of the greats. Then I select the character elements I find admirable, and merge them into my own programme. An improved bedside manner, a fresh perspective on diagnoses, more patience with my patients. I could have used your assistance on this project, had you not been otherwise occupied on the planet these last few days. One might make the same observation about you, Kes, or any member of the Voyager crew. And who might that be? Is he? In my opinion, you've become far to infatuated with these Travellers. From the away team reports they seem afflicted with terminal wanderlust. Risk taking thrill seekers with no responsibility to the ideals of exploration. In short, bad news. I think I'm detecting a reaction to your recent break-up with Mister Neelix. The Mahatma would recommend a cold bath. Simplistic, but no doubt effective. [Sickbay] So impetuous. Any sharp pains? Heart burn? There's nothing like a heart that burns. Your pulse is lovely. Ah ha. Mmm. Does that feel good? Forgive me, Lieutenant, I appear to have miscalculated. Computer, isolate the recent additions to my programme and hold them for review. I would hardly call my effort to improve my performance as ship's physician, messing around. I've taken character traits from holodeck recreations of the most accomplished figures in history. Scientist, poets, philosophers, saints. Precisely. There. That should compensate for the lack of enzyme in your system. You should be fine. How so? There's nothing casual about it. I've put a great deal of research into this project. I see what you mean. Thank you, Lieutenant. Computer, deactivate Emergency Medical Holographic programme. [Mountain path] (Night.) Just finishing up the summary analyses from last week's mission. Yes you were. Although I'm not designed to act as ship's counsellor, I've been programmed with enough psychological knowledge to be troubled by your behaviour. Gallivanting around after hours is beside the point. The fact is, you're becoming increasingly unpredictable, given to swings of mood and emotion. As your doctor and your mentor, I'd be remiss not calling that to your attention, for your own sake. I'm certainly not trying to interfere. You can lead your life any way you please. Very well. I believe you have a report to finish. Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Condition? By whom? Is there anything I can do? Prepare a medkit. Include an osteoregenerator. I'll get the mobile emitter and inform the Captain. [Transporter room] What sort of problem? I'm sorry, Kes. Tell the physician I recommend he use the regenerator until Zahir is stabilised. I'll join you as soon as I can. [Sickbay] What indeed. Please explain, Lieutenant. That's why I chose him. One of the most logical minds in Vulcan history. I see. That ruthlessness was an essential element of her personality, as much as her logical ability. And now those dark threads are in me, running through my programme. Well, get them out, Lieutenant! Computer, deactivate Emergency Medical Holographic programme. (He flickers but does not vanish.) Please state the nature of the medical I deactivated myself so she could work on my programme. She must have collapsed at the console. Delayed anaphylactic shock from something she ate yesterday. Let's get her onto a bed. Don't eat the vegetables, I said, but does anyone listen to me? This is the fifth time in as many weeks that an away team member has ignored my preparatory report. Might as well stop issuing them. I'll need That's exactly right. How did you know? Excellent recall. She's stabilised, but I'll need to monitor her condition for a few hours. As if I weren't busy enough. Very well. (Tuvok and Janeway leave. The EMH flickers, replacing nice Doctor Jekyll with nasty Mister Hyde. You can tell by the mussed hair and five o'clock shadow. He revives Torres.) Computer, activate tropical resort simulation three. Populate with historical figures from EMH programme 4C. (Gandhi and Byron debate. Socrates and T'Pau play Kal-toh.)  [Nakahn's Lodge] Put those down before someone gets hurt and I have to clean up the mess. [Sickbay] The next time I want to enrich myself, I'll download a good book. You too have a clean bill of health. Fortunately my alter ego didn't do any permanent harm. Good riddance. Thank you, Lieutenant. I'm glad to hear it. I'm also pleased you've decided to remain on board. I would have had my hands full in Sickbay without you. Surrounded by those who know you, and care for you. Well, had you decided otherwise, you certainly would have been missed. I swear this oath by Apollo Physician, by Aesculpius, by Health, and by all the gods and goddesses. In whatsoever place that I enter, I will enter to help the sick and heal the injured. And I will do no harm. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
She has second degree burns on her lungs. I'll need to do a pulmonary regeneration. Oxygen deprivation. We've got to get her breathing. Try ten milligrammes pulmazine. Twenty milligrammes. (Torres gasps.) Yes. Another patient snatched from the jaws of death. If I don't find the cause of this rash, it will be difficult to treat. I've never considered dreams as a diagnostic tool before. Your unconscious mind sensed these developing symptoms and tried to provide an explanation? Such recurrences of this particular illness are rare, but I will consider the possibility. Hmm. In addition to your visible symptoms, your blood chemistry has been slightly altered. No, but it's not consistent with the symptoms of the Mendakan pox. Such as? I'd certainly call that atypical behaviour. Your scans haven't shown any neurological abnormalities, but I will run a closer analysis. Good morning, Lieutenant. I've treated you for second and third degree burns and several broken ribs. I expect you'll make a full recovery after you've spent at least one more day in Sickbay. I'm afraid I'm going to have to cut visiting hour short. Ensign, you can go. I'll contact you with the results of my analysis. It's a positive match. These genetic fragments within Ensign Kim's DNA are clearly Taresian. I went back and checked his scans carefully. These fragments have apparently been disguising themselves as the recessive elements which normally within all DNA, but over the past few days they've become increasingly dominant over his human genes. Yes, by forming neural connections in his brain. All humanoid babies are born with certain instinctive knowledge. How to recognise the shape of a face, how to hold their breath underwater. It all comes from their genes. It's scientifically plausible, but quite a feat of genetic engineering. And he's becoming more like them every day, both physically and neurologically. Ah, Captain. When you raised some concerns regarding the Taresians, I began questioning their story about Ensign Kim's birth. I did, and he does. At least, he does now. But when I checked his previous microcellular scans, I found no traces of the Taresian genetic fragments. I can only conclude that he wasn't born with them. Yes, although maybe not for long. The alien DNA is continuing to alter his genetic structure. Within a few days he'll be indistinguishable from a native Taresian. The most likely transfer method would be a retrovirus. He was probably exposed during an away mission. They may very well have, but once the virus transferred the DNA into his cells, killing the messenger wouldn't have helped. Indeed there is. The transporter buffer performs it's own version of a microcellular scan every time someone uses it. I reviewed the logs and found the first appearance of the alien genes in his molecular pattern on stardate 50698. He might have been infected by something he ate or drank, even something he touched.
Not if you don't all clear out of here and let me do my work. This is a very delicate procedure, and I could use some peace and quiet. I wish I'd told you this before, but better late than never. You're the finest friend I've ever had. Prepare to bring the bio-temporal chamber online. We'll begin in approximately five minutes. (Earlier) What is it? Kes? How are you feeling? You're in Sickbay. Do you know who I am? Do you know my name? That's right. Well, I'm not sure I've ever said that, exactly, but, that doesn't mean it's not true. Tell me what you do remember. Good. I'm afraid you're confused. I discussed the bio-temporal chamber with you, but we're not ready to put you inside it just yet. Can you recall anything else, besides those people you saw? Anything else about your life? Go find the rest of your family. (Chakotay enters as Andrew runs out.) I'm afraid Kes is getting worse, Captain. Her amnesia is near total. Fewer than one percent of her engrams remain intact. It's as if her memory were wiped clean. Maybe. I've never treated a nine year old Ocampan before. For all I know, it's a perfectly normal part of their aging process. A few weeks ago she was a healthy woman, but this morilogium comes on abruptly and then progresses with a rapidity I've never seen before. As I told you, it's a completely revolutionary procedure. I have no idea if it'll work. Under normal circumstances I'd want to perform extensive tests on the apparatus, but we're losing her too fast. If I don't try it now, it may be too late. If we're lucky it may buy her another year. No wonder. Your temperature has dropped to fourteen point eight, almost two degrees below normal. I'm not sure. CHAKOTAY? What? Her cells are in a state of bio-temporal flux. I don't understand how that could be happening before I put her in the chamber. She's lost more than ninety eight percent of her memory engrams. Not if l can help it. Tom, we're losing her. If we do nothing, a matter of weeks. But I'm working on something to extend her lifespan. It involves treating her with a bio-temporal field in order to push her cells back to an earlier stage of entropic decay. [Doctor's office] Kes, it's possible the morilogium is causing you to experience delusions. Her body temperature has dropped two point seven degrees. [Mess hall] (Neelix, in Starfleet uniform, is bringing out a blue-covered cake.) Andrew, stop monopolising your grandmother's time. There are other people who'd like to wish her happy birthday, you know. It's amazing to think that you weren't even a year old when we first met. Not much older than Andrew. What is it? Why do you think I'd ever make such an assumption? Of course. Can you be more specific? As far as I know, none of that happened. Is it possible you were dreaming? I hate to say this, but it's possible these strange experiences you're having are related to the onset of the morilogium. How could you possibly know about that? I only came up with the idea for the bio-temporal chamber this morning. I was going to tell you about it today, here at the party, as a sort of birthday surprise. I don't know, but we'd better get you to Sickbay and find out. [Sickbay] (Paris and Chakotay are also there.) She appears to have lost more than ninety five percent of her memory engrams. I don't know. I have no basis for comparison. No other Ocampans on board. There is another possibility. Given that Kes has knowledge of a treatment I have not yet devised, it's possible she's developed some sort of precognition. And precognition wouldn't be unprecedented. Some species, including the Yattho of the Beta quadrant, have been known to predict future events with uncanny accuracy. Well you may have lost your memories, but you certainly haven't lost your determination. (Or the knowledge of how to use the ship's computers.) [Kes's quarters] (There are lots of PADDs scattered about.) Is there any discernable pattern to these jumps? Hmm. Now this could explain a thing or two. I'm detecting high level chroniton radiation in your cells. Yes. However, everyone was left with trace amounts of the radiation in their bodies. For some reason, those residual chronitons have reactivated in Kes. My thinking exactly. It's really quite obvious, Lieutenant. Your wife is travelling backward through time. [Briefing room] (Chakotay and Tuvok are there, too.) In approximately six months, I will apparently expose Kes to some type of bio-temporal field in a highly experimental but nonetheless brilliant attempt to stop her aging process. What I will apparently fail to realise is that the bio-temporal field is going to reactivate the dormant chroniton particles in her cells, bringing Kes out of temporal sync with the rest of us. Yes. Purge her completely of the chroniton poisoning. Worse than that, Mister Paris. It's possible she may eventually jump back to a time before she even existed. Kes, I may have found a way to prevent your next jump. I've erected a containment field that may keep you here. It's going to require your confinement in Sickbay. Evidently my interest in the great figures of art and culture will be an ongoing process. I'm afraid that wouldn't be advisable. (The EMH leaves them alone.) What is it. Kes' temperature has dropped one point nine degrees. Linnis, monitor the containment field. I'm going to try to elevate her temperature. (The EMH goes through the forcefield and administers a hypo.) Her temperature's still dropping. Increase the field amplitude. We're losing her. Set field polarisation to maximum. (Kes and Paris reach out to each other.) I beg your pardon? According to Kes, she and the rest of the crew will be infected by chroniton radiation in approximately eleven months from now. Everyone will be inoculated and the effects will appear to vanish. However, some five years later, when I attempt an experimental and, I might add, ingenious procedure to extend her lifespan, the bio-temporal field I expose her to will trigger dormant chroniton particles, taking Kes out of temporal sync and causing her to begin her backward journey through time. Kes has been able to provide us with the precise temporal variance of the torpedo which infected her. Pulse normal, body temperature fourteen degrees, chroniton level at seventy nine roentgens. Go ahead and activate the chamber, Lieutenant. Increase the bio-temporal field stress. Alright, let's try the anti-chronitons. Initiating anti-chroniton burst, ten MEVs, five second pulse. Pulse steady, body temperature at fourteen point two degrees, and rising. Chroniton count is seventy one roentgens and dropping. Lieutenant Torres, increase the field strength to thirty kilodynes. Initiating another burst. Fifteen MEVs, five second pulse. Body temperature fourteen point nine degrees, chroniton count sixty eight roentgens, sixty, fifty seven, fifty two. [Ready room - 2371] Levels are continuing to drop. Pulse normal, body temperature steady at sixteen point three degrees, chroniton levels are at zero roentgens. Welcome back, Kes. The same age you were when we put you into the bio-temporal chamber. A healthy three years and two months. And due to an extraordinary display of medical heroics, you're back in temporal sync with the rest of us. [Holodeck - Paxau resort] I realise it's only hypothetical, but still I'd be curious to know what sorts of medical breakthroughs I'm going to make in this possible future.
The coffee was quite good this morning. I'll be home at the usual time. I couldn't agree more. I'll look forward to reviewing it, Jeffrey. And is my little angel going to get an A on her history exam today? Gladly. I haven't forgotten. Well, goodbye all. They're everything I could have hoped for. Captain's log, stardate 50836.2. We've had long range communications with a seemingly friendly race known as the Vostigye. We'll be rendezvousing within the hour at one of their space stations. [Bridge] I'm sure I could have told you that. The tinkering you speak of has been for the sole purpose of improving my performance as a physician. I can hardly be faulted for that. That's why I've created a family. I've listened to enough patients talk about their families to realise how meaningful they are to biological beings. Splendidly. From what I heard, I thought it would be difficult, but I'm enjoying the experience. As a matter of fact, the little woman has been asking me to bring some of my colleagues home for dinner. Perhaps you and Kes would care to join us tonight? Charlene is a wonderful cook. A slight exaggeration. Belle, eat your dinner. They're well aware of my talents. Jeffrey, why don't you tell our guests about your new project at school. Jeffrey is extremely bright. He's in the accelerated physical sciences programme at school. Oh. Lieutenant, what are you doing? Yes? I don't understand. I provided the computer with my requirements for a mate and children. If I were to choose a real wife, my tastes would be the same. Intelligence, education, organisational skills. Oh, she's already made them. She's simply added some randomised behavioural algorithms to the programme I constructed. Events will simply unfold as a matter of natural evolution of probabilities within the programme, but there's no way to predict what those might be. My database contains everything there is to know about paediatric care and childhood development. I can't imagine a parenting problem I couldn't handle. Well, I have had some experience with romantic relationships. I don't anticipate any problems there. Right now. I'm due home for dinner. Computer, initiate Doctor's Family Programme Beta-Rho and transfer the EMH to holodeck two. [Holodeck - Doctor's Family Programme Beta-Rho] Home. It was a busy day. I was quite challenged by the task of preparing a DNA probe to test Ensign Parson's glial cells. It seems he has a microbial infection. Rather unusual. Late? Ah. Right. Is dinner ready? What is that noise? If you put your mallet in your closet when you were done with it, you'd know where it was. Mine too. Jeffrey? Jeffrey? What is that music? Well, turn it down. You can't do your homework with that noise. I know that, Belle. Well, perhaps that will teach you a lesson. Belle, you have to realise (Someone hammers at the door. Two Klingon teenagers are there.) Who are you? Do you have names? Well, Larg and K'kath, you'll have to come back later. Jeffrey's doing his homework. I! Just a minute. I'm sorry, but Jeffrey can't see friends until he has finished his homework. Jeffery, this is unacceptable. Business? Young man! If I know you, you'll push it to the limit. You enjoy flirting with danger. You were undoubtedly one of those children who had to climb the highest tree, scale the tallest cliff. I can only imagine what you must have put your parents through. Indeed. However, I have analysed the situation and come up with a solution. There should be no more problems. We'll see. You're in fine physical shape, Lieutenant. You may go ahead and engage in this reckless activity. Where's Jeffrey? I asked everyone to be here at sixteen hundred hours precisely. Asleep? In the middle of the afternoon? (Jeffery enters.) Is this true? Were you asleep? That's one of the matters I want to discuss. Thank you all for coming. I thought it would be a good idea if we had a family meeting. In fact, I'd like to do this on a regular basis. If you have something to say, Jeffrey, say it so everyone can hear. I've been feeling that this family is beginning to spin out of control. As husband and father I believe it is my duty to set some parameters. It's part of good parenting. Limits, boundaries. To that end, I have drawn up a revised family schedule and a list of rules and regulations. I'd like you all to study them carefully. I had to do that in order to make everything work. Everybody has had to make some sacrifices. You shouldn't be on the first team. You're not old enough. As I said, Belle, we must all make sacrifices. I will make dinner on the nights your mother lectures. Exactly that. They're a bad influence on you. They're prone to violence, they keep you out till all hours. Why don't you find some nice Vulcan friends? Charlene? You know very well how important it is to keep a united front. I expect you to support me in these decisions. Jeffrey, you are not excused! Apparently so. Although I fail to understand their reaction. I'm just trying to help the family function better. Belle, you've been playing with children two and three years older than you. That's much too dangerous. You're not old enough to realise how hazardous that game can be. It's up to me to keep you safe. I'm just trying to be a good father. Thank you, Belle. That's very grown up of you. Why, thank you. Oh, no, no. Perhaps. I've been trying to do an immunogenicity analysis on Ensign Parson's cell culture, and I can't seem to get the measurements right. Thank you, I'd be grateful. [Sickbay] I'm not sure they'd appreciate it. Computer, initiate Doctor's Family Programme Beta-Rho and transfer the EMH to Holodeck two. [Holodeck - Doctor's Family Programme Beta-Rho] I live here, Jeffrey, in case you've forgotten. Am I interrupting something? I'd like to get to know your friends. Larg, K'kath, please sit down. What is that? You're holding something. Yes. What is it? Why do you boys have a knife? Hmm. (The EMH holds out his hand, and Larg gives him the knife, hilt first.) I happen to know something about Klingon rituals, and I believe this is actually a dagger of kut'luch. Isn't it? Well? This dagger is used in a ritual of violence. A first blood-letting in preparation for becoming a warrior. Who's supposed to use this? Well? Is one of you preparing for the kut'luch ceremony? I'm waiting for an answer. I don't think so. I'm going to have to ask you boys to leave. And don't bring a weapon into this house again. What exactly have I ruined? You were going to use that knife, weren't you? Did they talk you into some kind of ritual violence? You were going to attack someone, draw blood, just so you could appear daring in the eyes of your friends? Jeffrey, how can I make you understand that what you are going to do is wrong. I am your father and I expect you to be guided by my ethical standards. If you expect to live in this household you will abide by the rules. Jeffrey, think about this. What is it? What's happened? Doctor Findlay and I operated on her for three hours. We've tried everything. We shut down one haemorrhage and another starts. She suffered severe cranial trauma. It's compromised her brain stem and motor cortex. No matter how we try to control the vascular injuries, blood clots keep forming. The haemorrhaging is intractable. Unfortunately, the brain is still a somewhat mysterious organ. There's nothing more to be done. Nothing medical, anyway. Belle. Yes, I'm here. You took a tumble, hit your head. No, because we gave you some medicine. Yes. Computer, end programme! [Sickbay] (Kes enters.) Yes. I did, thank you. Good job. [Doctor's office] I suppose they're fine. I've actually finished the programme. Well, I got what I needed from the experience. It was thoroughly pleasurable, of course, but to continue would be a waste of time. Well, if I ever create a new family, I'll be sure to invite you. [Bridge] I'm sure it was. And it's a wonder you're not dead. People like you who court danger should be thrown into the brig. You never think of the consequences of your actions, the effect they might have on others. Oh, no, live for the moment, take risks you shouldn't. I'm sorry. I. It's my family. My daughter Belle had an accident. She's a child who tends to take risks. She's going to die. I'll be all right. I shut down the programme. I'm not going back. I couldn't begin to face it. It was too difficult. Well, fortunately, I do. I fail to see why not. I'm not sure. You're a very sick girl. You, you're too sick to get better. Yes. I'll stay right here, I promise. (Charlene and Jeffery enter.) It's all right. Go to sleep. We're all right here. (Belle dies. Charlene, Jeffery and the EMH hug each other and weep.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Begin a DNA analysis as well, I'd like to know more about his molecular physiology. His heart rate and body temperature have dropped. His metabolism is almost completely shut down. I don't think so. His autonomic nervous system is still fully functional. He's gone into some sort of protective hibernation. With good reason. I've analysed the alien's DNA. There are forty seven genetic markers identical to those found in human DNA. I thought so too. I ran a search for those markers in Earth's paleo-ontological database. Take a look at this. That's one way of putting it. Apparently so. And from the look of it, you and he are distant cousins. Eryops. This creature lived over four hundred million years ago and is thought to be the last common ancestor of cold blooded and warm blooded organisms. I could well imagine this creature giving rise to a more complex life form. Certainly the building blocks are there. Bipedal, grasping hands. That creature napping in Sickbay is a dinosaur.
I've increased the temperature to forty five degrees Celsius, and the light level should be more comfortable for you now. Please describe the physical sensation of your experience. Interesting. I'll run a microcellular scan for residual energy traces. Lieutenant, if you don't mind. I don't know. She's late for her duty shift. Computer, locate Kes. Please state the nature. Hello? Commander, what's happening? Fascinating. Everything is glowing with it's own energy. Even the plants are emitting a faint thermal signature. It's really quite lovely. Then I can begin my new career as a tricorder. A typical defensive reaction. Using an aggressive outburst as a shield against a perceived emotional threat. That's a valid observation. Defence mechanisms come in many forms. Fear of intimacy is a common indication of low self-esteem. Perhaps if you stopped to analyze the root cause, you might (Torres shuts him up via the emitter.) Lieutenant, I haven't seen any sign of a portal. Frankly, I'm getting tired of this. It's directly in front of me. Yes. Right there. (Jarleth points a little gizmo at it, and a door opens.) Well, if my scanning services are no longer required, I'll return to my medical duties. [Access tunnel] (They enter a curved corridor.)
Ah, there you are. I have several brilliant ideas for upcoming chapters of your holonovel, as well as a list of revisions and dialogue changes that I believe will improve the earlier installments. No thanks are necessary. In addition, I'm prepared to offer my expertise in the creation of holographic mise-en-scene. Now, wait just a min (The EMH disappears.)
I've analysed every square millimetre of the Borg corpse we recovered three months ago. I'm closer to understanding how their assimilation technology works, and I might be able to create some sort of medical defence.  These injection tubules are the first step in the Borg assimilation process. Once inside the skin, they release a series of nanoprobes into the bloodstream. Unlikely. The tubules are capable of penetrating any known alloy or energy field. Which means our battle must be waged inside the body itself. (Image enhancement 047.) The first tissue to be attacked by the nanoprobes is the victim's blood. Assimilation is almost instantaneous. Which suggests to me that we should try to enhance the immune system. Create an assimilation antibody, as it were. I doubt we can actually destroy the nanoprobes, but we might be able to slow them down. Let's try a submicron dissection on the probes we've collected so far, see if we can discover the assimilation mechanism. (Kes gets a vision of a pile of dead Borg.) Kes, is something wrong? Kes? You've had a telepathic experience? Kes? What are you Sickbay to Janeway. [Alien Bioship] KIM The infection is spreading. What began with a few stray cells contaminating the chest wound is now infusing every system in his body. Not exactly. The alien cells are consuming his body from the inside out. In essence, Mister Kim is being eaten alive. I tried giving him a sedative, but it was rejected immediately. In fact, every treatment I've tried has been neutralised within seconds. These are alien cells. Each one contains more than a hundred times the DNA of a human cell. It's the most densely coded life form I've ever seen. Even I would need years to decipher it. Resistance in this case is far from futile. Nevertheless, I believe Borg technology holds the key to saving Mister Kim. I hope to unleash an army of modified Borg nanoprobes into his bloodstream, designed to target and eradicate the infection. As you know, I've been analysing the nanoprobes. They're efficient little assimilators, one can't help but admire the workmanship. But they're no match for the alien cells. So I successfully dissected a nanoprobe and managed to access its re-coding mechanism. I reprogrammed the probe to emit the same electrochemical signatures as the alien cells. That way, the probe can do its work without being detected. Observe. The alien cells are completely oblivious to probe until it's too late. Unfortunately, I've only created a few prototypes. I'll need several days to modify enough nanoprobes to cure Ensign Kim. I wish I knew. It's still in the experimental stages, Captain. I've only made a few prototypes. In theory, yes. Certainly. I replicated nearly ten million Borg nanoprobes, each of them reprogrammed to my specifications, each capable of targeting the alien tissue. Just momentarily. The Borg technology will denaturate within seconds, taking the alien tissue along with it. Mister Kim, I'm about to inject your carotid artery. You'll feel a tingling sensation. Don't be alarmed. (Kim slowly opens his eyes.) Nice to see you again, Ensign. Prepare another dose of nanoprobes. Commander. I must tell you. I have my doubts about this alliance. You may have convinced the Borg the nanoprobes can defeat their enemy, but a medical treatment is a long way from a weapon of war. Don't worry. I'll delete myself at the first sign of trouble. Well, maybe not the first sign. [Bridge] Kes? Kes! Kes! What's wrong? Commander, we have some disturbing news. Her telepathic visions are increasing, both in frequency and intensity. There is it again. Every time she has a vision specific regions of her cerebral cortex go into a state of hyperstimulation. Memory engrams, perceptual centres. I can't be sure but I think there's more going on here than just a simple hello. [Borg Chamber] The plasma burns to her thoracic region I can treat, and I've already stopped the internal bleeding. But her neural injuries are going to require some creative thinking. Well, it appears to have disrupted all her neuroelectrical pathways. I'll have to induce a coma to protect her higher brain functions. But I must tell you, unless I can repair the damage, she may never regain consciousness. The Captain wishes to speak with you. Please keep it brief. I must begin. [Cargo Bay Two] (The Borg have been busy building regeneration alcoves and other equipment.) Ah. As you can see, I've repaired her neural damage. Ensign Kim, the Captain, I'm two for two. Hmm? Eh? Oh. Gladly. Computer deactivate EMH programme. His link is stable, but it won't be for long. You must hurry. He's losing the link! Commander Chakotay's going to be all right, although he may wake up with a bit of a headache. [Bridge]
At the moment she's stable, but the prognosis isn't clear. Her human physiology has begun to reassert itself. Respiratory system, neurological functions, immune response. But those systems are swarming with Borg implants. There's a battle being waged inside her body, between the biological and the technological, and I'm not sure which is going to win. This implant is being rejected by the tissue underneath. It's going to have to be removed. I'm sorry, but the process has gone too far. We've got to get you to Sickbay.  This armour plating is anchored to the skull with over three million microconnectors. There's no time to cut through them. I'm going to have to remove the outer layer of the skull itself. Lieutenant, will you please leave the surgical bay. She is heavily sedated. I assure you she's not going anywhere. (Tuvok steps back.) Thank you. Kes, I want you to anaesthetise her cranial nerves. Twenty milligrams anetrazine. Kes? I can see why. Your serotonin levels are sixty two percent above normal. It's the telepathic centres of your brain. They're in a state of hyperstimulation like they were a few days ago when you were in contact with species 8472. A reasonable diagnosis, for a security officer. I'll run a full microsynaptic analysis, but it will have to wait. We should get back to our Borg. [Ready Room]  It's like peeling an onion. (He removes a skull implant.) Store it in a bio-stasis chamber. It may still be active. If you think there's a risk, Mister Tuvok, you can throw one of your little forcefields around the chamber. I'm afraid we have a decision to make. A difficult one. Her human immune system has reasserted itself with a vengeance. Body armour, Borg organelles, biosynthetic glands, they're all being rejected. Her life is in danger. I have little recourse but to remove the Borg technology. Hence the difficult decision. If a patient told me not to treat them, even if the situation were life-threatening, I would be ethically obligated to honour that request. Aye, Captain. (Janeway leaves.) Kes? Let's begin with the microtubular network embedded in the oesophageal tract. (Seven starts fitting.) I'm not sure. She's going into neural shock. I can't localise the source. Kes, try to stabilise her motor cortex. Use a neurosequencer. Kes, I said to stabilise her cortex or we're going to lose her. What? Can you tell me how we might remove it without severing the nerve? The implant is deteriorating. Her nervous system is stabilising. Nice work, Kes. Unconventional but effective. [Medical lab] (Later, the EMH shows Janeway an artificial eye.) They say the eye is the window to the soul. In this case it's a little bit more. I've fabricated this artificial organ to replace her eyepiece, but I've had to retain some of the Borg circuitry along the optic nerve. As a result, she'll have increased acuity in one eye. Note how perfectly I've matched the pigment of the iris to her human eye. She's out of immediate danger, and I don't plan to resume the extraction process until tomorrow. I can wake her now, if you'd like. Ready when you are, Captain. (He wakes Seven.) Don't be alarmed. You're in Sickbay. You're going to be fine. Your body was rejecting the Borg technology. You were dying. I'm sorry, but we had no choice. Those are dermoplastic grafts. They'll help the regeneration process. I beg to differ. Now that the Borg implants are being excised, your human systems are free to thrive. And thriving they are. As a matter of fact, I (Janeway silences him with a Look. He walks away.) But what about the next time? Her condition is escalating. We must find a way to suppress it, or the last we see of Kes could very well be her molecules blowing through the ventilation ducts. I'll try looking through the quantum substructure database. Maybe it'll give me some inspiration. I don't want you to overexert yourself and risk precipitating another telepathic incident. Try to get some rest. All right. Just for a while. (Down in the Brig, Seven starts throwing herself at the forcefield.) [Bridge] AYALA Fashion, of course, is hardly my forte. Nevertheless, I've managed to balance functionality and aesthetics in a pleasing enough manner. I also took the liberty of stimulating your hair follicles. A vicarious experience for me, as you might imagine. (The EMH walks away.)
