I told you, Ambassador. Archer said he was returning with proof that they weren't responsible for the tragedy on Paraagan Two. You didn't answer the Commander's question. Has your ship detected Enterprise? Jonathan Archer doesn't report to you. Fine. You send your ship. Whatever Archer's up to, I'm sure he's got a good reason. He knows what he's doing. That's enough, Commander. [Starfleet Headquarters] No one's more pleased than I am that Enterprise wasn't responsible for the tragedy, but Ambassador Soval's argument may be valid. Starfleet Command has a difficult decision to make here. [Bridge] The Command Council will review the evidence and listen to what's been said here today. I'm sure they'll hear from the Vulcans as well. I'll let you know as soon as there's a decision. Good luck, Jonathan. All of you. (Ends transmission.) [T'Pol's quarters] (She's in bed when the door bell sounds.)
Tetrazine? But you said your plasma ducts were closed. Continue to analyse your logs. I'm going to call an emergency meeting at the Command Council. You realise they'll undoubtedly bring the Vulcans into this. We'll have to figure out who's going to contact the Paraagan homeworld. You're right, it should, but let's take this one step at a time. You followed all the protocols that you were given. You followed the protocols. You've got a crew that's going to be looking to you to figure out how to react to all this. Don't let them down. I'll get back to you soon as I can. I'm sorry, Jon. [Sickbay] Sounds like pretty solid evidence. Where the hell did you get it? But how did you know about that cruiser? And if it was cloaked, how could you find it? This is going to be a very interesting debriefing. Get to the Vulcan ship as quickly as you can. I'll let them know what you've got. I can't tell you how pleased I am, Jonathan. After all you've done, I would have hated to see this end.
Ambassador, we are very sorry for your loss, but with all due respect the High Command has to take some responsibility. You were using the monastery as a surveillance station. I'm afraid I can't agree with that, Ambassador. This was a volatile situation long before Starfleet got involved. Perhaps if you'd been a little more open with us, this tragedy might have been avoided. The Vulcan Consulate doesn't make command assignments here. Get me Captain Archer. The Andorians gave the monks three hours before they started their bombardment. Fortunately, they all got out in time. Not well. Jon. The Vulcans may have good reason for keeping an eye on them. I've seen the reports. These Andorian commandos are a dangerous group. Jon, you're doing a lot of good work, but you've got to be more careful. Earth can't be getting involved in inter-species conflicts. I'm afraid I've got some more bad news. (Later, Archer is staring out of the window when the door bell sounds.)
Well done, Jonathan. Captain. That's enough, Captain. That's enough! [Forrest's office] I am not taking anyone's side. You were out of line. The debriefing's on hold, indefinitely. I want you to take some time off to clear your head. That's an order, Captain! [Corridor] (Phlox is overloaded with dufflebags and animal carry-boxes.) If there are no further questions? (Everyone rises and leaves the room, except Archer and Soval.)
I wish there was. It's possible the ship you found was launched from Vega Colony, but they're a long way behind you. The Earth Cargo Authority may have more information. A hundred light years from Earth. You might have solved the greatest missing person case of the century.
There's something to be said for a good, old-fashioned flogging. I think you enjoy your work too much, Doctor. I read it. We're going to rendezvous with the fleet as ordered. I'm not going into Tholian space based on data from some anonymous source. Maybe you haven't heard, but we have a rebellion to put down. The Tholians aren't part of it. You see this as your big chance, don't you? You bring that ship home, and you'll be a hero. The Emperor pins a medal on your chest. You might even get that command you've always wanted. Resume your station. You can either go back to the Bridge or take the place of that Tellarite. Which do you prefer? Reviewing status reports. You're the one person on this ship that I don't mind giving in to. Is that what you heard? You've been listening to propaganda. Things went badly at Tau Ceti. Very badly. We lost twelve ships. Keep this to yourself. If the crew learns what really happened You'll hang for this. Was something damaged? You really think that the Admiral would plant a spy on my ship and then tell me who it is? Follow his orders, and you'll be executed as a co-conspirator. This isn't like you, Jonathan. You never lusted for power and glory. That's why I trusted you at my side for all these years, because you have no ambition. (Archer opens the door and walks in, punches him in the kidneys and throws him against the walls.) (in a strangle hold) Release me and I promise your death will be quick. You won't get that guarantee from the Admiral. Kill me and she'll never forgive you. [Situation room] I wondered what was keeping you. No alarm? We'll take the Bridge first. [Bridge] (They shoot the duty officer and the helm officer.) Set a course out of Tholian space, maximum warp. Full stop! You did this. Restore the controls now. Can you override the helm? Get him out of there. (Archer falls out of the perspex tube.) Bring Major Reed. I want him to spend some time in this invention of his. Fleet Admiral Gardner's ordered you released. He received the data you sent him. The Admiral finds your suggestion intriguing. Since you've already locked us on this course, I've been ordered to investigate your mystery ship. You betrayed me. Don't think for one moment I'm going to forget that. Get cleaned up. You're briefing the senior staff in an hour. [Conference room] An Earth ship? That's enough, Commander. I said shut up! We're investigating this. Get that cloaking device working. [Engineering] Go ahead. Engage the cloak. (Enterprise shimmers out of sight and continues on its journey.) Let's see where we are. (It's an aqua-coloured gas giant with rings and moons.) We'll send an assault team aboard. You brought us here, you lead it. Download whatever you can from the database, then destroy the ship. It's too dangerous. We are deep in Tholian space. You have your orders! Dismissed. (Archer, Reed and Tucker leave.) (to T'Pol) Go with him. I don't want Archer to return from this mission. Do I make myself clear, Commander? [USS Defiant] (Five figures in EV suits beam aboard.) Bridge to Phlox. [Decon Chamber] What's happening down there? Well then kill it, now! Doctor? [Decon chamber] Contact Archer. Tell him to abort the mission. Lay in a course out of here. Target the nearest ship. Fire! Torpedo launchers, fire when ready. (The torpedoes light up the web, and Enterprise becomes visible. The Tholians start firing at them.) Get us out of here. Engineering, disengage the cloak and transfer all power to engines. Can you vent the antimatter? This is the Captain. All hands to escape pods. Abandon ship. You heard my order! I'll buy you as much time as I can. Get out of here, now. [USS Defiant - Bridge] (The away team have taken their helmets off.)
Her name's V'Lar. She's the Vulcan ambassador to a planet called Mazar. Apparently, it's imperative that she be taken off that planet as soon as possible. The nearest Vulcan ship is at least a week away. You'll rendezvous with the Vulcan ship Sh'Raan in three days. They'll take her the rest of the way. Well, this may come as a shock to you, Jon, but the Vulcans aren't talking. The Vulcans are raising holy hell about this, Jon. You're out there, I'm not. It's your call. I just want you to know there'll be repercussions. Jon. Have you talked to the ambassador? Maybe she brought this on herself. You did say that she admitted the charges against her were true. Well, I'll talk to Soval, see what I can find out. [Armoury]
You, too, Jon. I understand you have guests. I got a call from Ambassador Soval about an hour ago. They're aware that you've docked with the Vahklas, and they have a favour to ask. A minister at the High Command has a son on that ship, an engineer named Kov. Have you met him? Well, apparently, the two of them had a falling out about nine, ten years ago. His father's tried to contact him several times since then, but Kov won't respond. I hear these aren't your garden variety Vulcans. Can I assume you're on friendly terms? Kov's father is dying, Jon. He'd like to speak with his son. Maybe you can encourage him somehow. The High Command let you keep your Science Officer. It wouldn't hurt to return the favour. Keep me posted. [T'Pol's quarters] (She blows out the candle and dreams.)
I'm afraid I've got some bad news, Jon. It's AG. He was back on Mount McKinley. There was an accident. He was killed. I'm sorry. [Launch bay] Come in. At ease, Commander. I heard your got the warp reactor up to ninety percent today. I'm going with Commander Robinson. It wasn't an easy decision. You'll be backup. Jon. It's your father's engine. I know how important this was to you. No, Commander. Dismissed. [602 Club] (Archer is sitting alone at table when the waitress brings a plate and takes his empties.) This is Forrest. Drop to impulse, that's an order! What went wrong? You have something to add, Lieutenant? Lieutenant! I know where you stand on this, Commander. I gave up trying to figure out the Vulcans a long time ago. (The pair stand.) At ease. May I? It's the least you can do after that outburst today. I'll have a beer, Mister Tucker. (He unzips his jacket and loosens his tie.) It's been a while since I've been in here. I see it hasn't changed much. I came here to tell you at the urging of the Vulcan Advisory Council, that Starfleet Command has decided to put the NX programme on hold. Indefinitely. They want to go back to the drawing board, Jon. Develop a new engine from scratch. Starfleet's made its decision. Come in. You're working late. What? Has anyone bothered to look? [NX Beta] This is Forrest. [NX Control room] What the hell is going on? Archer? Turn around right now, and I'll do what I can [NX Beta] To keep you out of prison. If you (Robinson cuts him off) [NX Control room] Archer! (The two Vulcans enter.) Perfect. [NX Beta] Congratulations. Now get the hell back here. [Forrest's office] Not only was it in violation of a direct order, it was utterly reckless, irresponsible and maybe even criminal. I'm not done, Commander! You are both suspended from duty pending an inquiry, and by the time Starfleet Command gets through with you, you're going to wish that you had never come back. You're supposed to represent the best that Starfleet has to offer. Keeping this programme on track is hard enough without our own officers undermining it. What did you think that this stunt of yours would accomplish? That just because you didn't get yourselves killed that we'd ignore that data we've collected, the testing we've done, the recommendations of the Vulcan Advisory Council? You may have been right.
Ambassador, with all due respect, we have a right to know what's going on here. Jon. I think you know everyone. A corn farmer named Moore shot him with a plasma rifle. Says it was self-defense. This gentleman is some sort of a courier. Evidently he was carrying crucial information back to his people. Ambassador Soval thinks it would be best if we push off your launch until we've cleared this up. We may need to defer to their judgement. Jon. Dan? We've been waiting for nearly a century, Ambassador. This seems as good a time as any to get started. I had a feeling their approach wouldn't sit too well with you. Don't screw this up. (Archer knocks on ICU window and beckons Phlox over) [USS Enterprise - Transporter alcove] When Zefram Cochrane made his legendary warp flight ninety years ago, and drew the attention of our new friends, the Vulcans. We realised that we weren't alone in the galaxy. Today we're about to cross a new threshold. For nearly a century, we've waded ankle-deep in the ocean of space. Now it's finally time to swim. (applause) The warp five engine wouldn't be a reality without men like Doctor Cochrane and Henry Archer, who worked so hard to develop it. So it's only fitting that Henry's son, Jonathan Archer, will command the first starship powered by that engine. (applause as Archer and senior officers leave) Rather than quoting Doctor Cochrane, I think we should listen to his own words from the dedication ceremony for the Warp Five Complex thirty two years ago. COCHRANE [on screen] On this site, a powerful engine will be built. An engine that will someday help us travel a hundred times faster than we can today. (as the officers take their bridge stations) Imagine it. Thousands of inhabited planets at our fingertips. And we'll be able to explore those strange new worlds and seek out new life and new civilizations. This engine will let us go boldly where no man has gone before. [Bridge]
This is the Captain. All hands to escape pods. Abandon ship! [USS Defiant - Bridge] (Enterprise has just been destroyed by the Tholians.)
Ambassador Soval said your presence is crucial to resolving the crisis. The Vulcan name is Paan Mokar. The Andorians call it Weytahn. It's on the frontier between their systems. Both sides claim it belongs to them. They've nearly gone to war over it twice in the past century. Soval says you'll be fully briefed when you arrive. Jonathan, this is the first time the Vulcans have asked for our help. You're the closest thing we have to an ambassador out there. You know how important this could be.
Get a shuttle ready. (The rescue team force their way through drifted snow to get into Research Module C376. There is no one there.) [Situation room] (Looking at a sequence of still photos on the table top display.)
After all we've been through, I'd rather hear the good news from you. They're not telling their own Ambassador to Earth what they're planning? Welcome to the club. I can think of a few stronger words than that. I'm sure those qualities are found in every species. (They pass through the retina scanner at the Embassy security check.) Ambassador. Are Vulcans afraid of humans? Why? Vulcans. We're not the Klingons. We only want to be your partners. To do what the nations of Earth have learned to do. To work together in common cause.
You too, Jon, what I can make out. Whatever you have to do to keep those reports coming. The scans of that comet were incredible. I hate to do this to you Jon, but we're turning you around. We picked up an automated distress signal from a cargo freighter, the ECS Fortunate. The nearest Starfleet vessel is three weeks away at its maximum warp, but you could be there in a day and a half. We're not sure. They're not responding to hails. I'd like you to check this out. Give them any assistance they need. Forrest out.
I told Command everything you said. They're having a hard time buying it. We've lost a lot of people already, Jon. Starfleet Command would need some kind of proof before they let you go. Jon? Your point, Jonathan. Your scanner's not working properly. The quantum data reads minus four twenty. Quantum dating always registers in positive numbers. I'll speak with Command. She'll be ready to launch in fourteen months. Hopefully you'll be back well before then. The same complement of weapons that you'll have once the retrofit is done. Have you told your crew? How many are staying aboard? His team should be arriving at eighteen hundred hours. I was surprised you asked for them. You think you'll be comfortable with the military on board? You weren't told where in this Expanse you were supposed to look. This weapon they're building, did he say how long it was going to take them? It's not that far out of your way. How's that last refit team doing? I could tell you there are a lot of people counting on you, but I don't need to do that, do I? Good luck, Jon. (They shake hands. The umbilicals disengage and Enterprise moves out of Spacedock.) [Duras's ship]
