It was a call for help from Enabran Tain. You think they're planning to attack the Alpha Quadrant? Father, you're dying. For once in your life, speak the truth. You're planning to contact the runabout. Re-encoding the transmitter won't be easy. We'd have to reconfigure the array one circuit at a time. Me? It's nice to feel needed. Excuse me? Well there must be some of misunderstanding. The last time I checked, I was a Cardassian. And who would that be? I only wish I were still a member of the Obsidian Order. This would make a wonderful interrogation chamber. Tight quarters, no air, bad lighting, random electric shocks. It's perfect. If you'd like, I'd happily trade places with you. [Barracks] That was thoroughly unpleasant. I am fine. It's just much hotter in there than I thought. I got a little lightheaded. Give me a minute and I'll go back in there. Do you want to get off this hellhole or not? Then let me get back to work. I'm sorry, but that's absolutely unacceptable. I'm under enough strain as it is, I can't have you quitting on me. Get a hold of yourself, Garak. After all, you haven't had one of these attacks in years. Yes, this is a tight enclosed space. Yes, there's not a lot of room to move. But a disciplined mind does not allow itself to be sidetracked by niggling psychological disorders like claustrophobia. Besides, this isn't like Tzenketh. The walls won't collapse in on you. Your friends are near by, there's plenty of air, so there's nothing to be concerned about. Focus on the job. You're the only person who can contact the runabout. People are depending on you. Ziyal is depending on you. You promised her you'd come back, and that young lady has had quite enough disappointments in her life without you adding to them, so control yourself. You're stronger than this. A disciplined mind (And the light goes out) [Barracks] The light. The light went out. That won't be necessary. The original one will work. I just have to finish what I started. After all, a verse about the Cardassian who panicked in the face of danger would ruin General Martok's song. Now, if you'll excuse me, my dungeon awaits. Tain, I don't know if you can hear me, but if you can I just want you to know you may not have been much of a father, but I really wish you were alive right now. That way you could be in here instead of me. [Internment centre] (Ikat'ika knocks Worf down, eventually.) [Barracks] Doctor, would you keep the noise down? I'm trying to work in here. Three. Got it. [Internment centre] (Just as Ikat'ika is killed, our heroes are beamed out.) [Runabout] (Garak goes to the pilot's seat and Bashir checks on Worf.) So did you. Ziyal? I told you I'd be back. (She runs into his arms.)
The intercooler was the obvious choice for sabotage. Their security checks could have found the bomb and disarmed it before the ship left orbit. You've been told before. No names. This does not bode well. (Odo enters.) No. My approach may have been quiet, but I assure you, I had no intention of sneaking up on you. My apologies. If I may ask? Perhaps you should stop. I take it Commander Kira is unaware of your true condition? I won't breathe a word. Pity? We have need of a contact on Kelvas Five. I remember you telling me that you knew several Odo, I hope you know how much I And according to our new contact on Kelvas Five, the Breen will begin to install their energy dampening weapons aboard Jem'Hadar fighters within a week. I had the same thought. Yes. I take it you have something in mind? Possibly. May I have a few words with the commander? (Garak takes Kira to a quieter place.) It's about taking Odo on this mission. I'm afraid there's no easy way of putting it. He's been hiding the true extent of his illness from you for some time now. His condition has severely deteriorated. And the more he changes form, the worse it gets. You do? Why the pretence? No. (They go back to Damar and Rusot.) Oh, you'll have to do something about him long before that, Commander. (Garak was in the shadows with a phaser.) You seemed to have things well under control. Despite his statement to the contrary, Rusot will not wait until the end of the war to make his move. I suggest you don't wait either. Kill him before he kills you. [Infirmary] One of our listening posts picked up a message. The Dominion has succeeded in locating Damar's family. Not at all. Damar has a certain romanticism about the past. He could use a dose of cold water. If he's the man to lead a new Cardassia, if he's the man we hope him to be, then the pain of this news made him more receptive to what you said, not less. (In the cockpit.) We have a prisoner for the Vorta who commands of this ship. Why? Sounds like they don't trust us anymore. It's not your fault. Do as he says. The three of us should be able to handle one Bajoran woman. We have a prisoner. This is Commander Rota, the deputy intelligence officer for this entire sector. I would think that you'd be interested in interrogating her. Perhaps you haven't received the report yet. It's not surprising. We only took the commander prisoner yesterday. We were under a communications blackout Of course. (The Founder enters) We can't afford to be burdened by prisoners. Commander. They haven't finished installing the Breen weapon. We can't leave. There are three, no, four Breen working in the engine room. Judging from the diagnostics, I'd say it'll take them thirty to forty five minutes to complete their work. There's an incoming message. They want to speak to the Vorta. (Kira takes Luaran's headset.) I'm looking. Ah. Her name was Luaran. I'm not certain. It appears they're having problems connecting the secondary relays. That would be unwise. (Garak has his phaser at Rusot's head.) How little you understand me. I'm still here, Rusot. We've cleared their defence perimeter.
Thank you. But Doctor, I've only just arrived. What an extreme reaction that would be. You must be very embarrassed by this programme. Privacy, indeed. I think it goes far deeper than that, Doctor. Ever since you received this new programme, you've spent virtually every free hour in the holosuite. But you haven't told anyone what the programme is. No, no, no. But you're such a, forgive me, a talkative man and it's so unusual for you to have secrets. Is this fantasy of yours really truly revealing of your inner psyche? Is that why you're so protective? Are you afraid that I'll find out some humiliating secrets about the real Julian Bashir? Well, if you've nothing to hide, then why not let me stay? Your parade? Don't worry, Doctor. I can be quite discreet. You'll barely know I'm here. But if I may make one observation. I only want to point out that your lovely companion is leaving. Odd. She seemed so interested in your advances just a moment ago. I wonder what scared her away? Oh, no. I do apologise. You must be incensed. In fact, if I were in your shoes, I would grab a bottle of champagne and shoot me. Don't worry, Doctor. We're going to have a wonderful time. After all, what could possibly go wrong? (It's a holo-programme and we've gone to the opening titles, so those have to be famous last words....) [Holosuite - Bashir's apartment] (A luxury penthouse.) You live here? Decorate it yourself? How did you pronounce the name of this city? And the nightclub was in Paris, which, if I remember correctly, was on the other side of the planet. (Enter the obligatory Bond Girl with the deeply suggestive name, deep cleavage and mini miniskirt.) Not just yet. (Mona goes to a big mirror and presses a button. It rotates to reveal an arsenal of weapons.) Is she your valet or your personal assassin? I take it your character is some kind of rich dilettante with a fascination for women and weapons. A spy? And you live here? I think I joined the wrong intelligence service. [Runabout Orinoco] Thank you, my dear. Yes, this should do nicely, although I'm not too sure about the collar. Isn't this a rather ostentatious life for a spy? Jet-setter? This wasn't my idea. Major? I must say, Major Kira's certainly throwing herself into the role, Doctor. Perhaps this isn't Major Kira after all. I'd say someone's been tampering with your programme, Doctor. Emergency? So? That's not so difficult. One only has to A rather vague assignment. Doctor, we're in the middle of an emergency. Is this really the time to be playing games? (Bashir shows him the photo of Honey Bare.) Interesting. (The photo is Dax in lab coat, classes and bun.) The computer would actually be erasing Commander Dax's pattern. Chief. Interesting jewellry. The holosuite safeties must be off. I wouldn't dismiss her idea so quickly, Doctor. No. As you pointed out, he's Falcon, a hired assassin who's going to do everything he can to kill you. And without the holosuite safeties in place, he may do just that. I want you to stop treating this like a game where everything's going to turn out all right in the end. Real spies have to make hard choices. You want to save Dax? Fine. But you may not have the luxury of saving everyone. Eventually you may have to let someone die. We believe he's taken quite an interest in the sciences. After all, he has invited several of the world's top scientists to this club. Isn't that true? Another decorator's nightmare. This era has a distinct lack of taste. Killing everyone on the planet. So what do we do now? Think faster. I don't know if I've made this explicit to you or not, Doctor, but I really don't want to die chained to a twentieth century laser. I think it's time to end this programme. Then may I suggest calling Commander Eddington and having him send someone in here to remove these handcuffs? Well I only know one thing for sure, Doctor, that when the molten lava begins pouring into this cave, you and I are going to be very uncomfortable. (Footsteps) Who's that? Is that your plan? I must say, Doctor, this is more than I ever wanted to know about your fantasy life. (Dax unpins her bun.) I'd give you both some privacy if I could. (Dax leaves) Great plan. Now can we call Eddington? Kiss the girl, get the key. They never taught me that in the Obsidian Order. (8, 7, 6) What? (Bashir opens the heel of his shoe and takes out part of a tiny pistol. He adds a fountain pen cap for the barrel and his garters have the ammunition.) You expect to take on Noah and his men with that? No! This has gone far enough. It's time to cut our losses. Yes, they might be killed, and that is unfortunate. But there comes a point when the odds are against you and the only reasonable course of action is to quit! As a matter of fact, they did. That's why I've managed to stay alive while most of my colleagues are dead. Because I know when to walk away. And that time is now. And you'd know that, Doctor, if you were a real intelligence agent. That's something else you've yet to learn, Doctor. A real intelligence agent has no ego, no conscience, no remorse. Only a sense of professionalism. And mine is telling me that it's time to go. Computer! Or what? You'll kill me? I'm afraid I don't believe you'll pull that trigger. It's time to face reality, Doctor. You're a man who dreams of being a hero because you know, deep down, that you're not. I'm no hero either, but I do know how to make a choice, and I'm choosing to save myself. Computer, show me the mechanism (BANG! The bullet grazes Garak's neck) That was awfully close. What if you'd killed me? Doctor, I do believe there's hope for you yet. Well, who am I to question Julian Bashir, secret agent? Lead on. [Holosuite - Sitting room] (O'Brien is sitting on a settee opposite handcuffed Kira. Sisko is admiring Dax's new look.) Interesting. You saved the day by destroying the world. No, no. There was a great deal they didn't teach me. Like the value of a good game of chance, or how indulging in fantasy keeps the mind creative. Of course. But why don't we have it at your place, in Hong Kong. Unless, of course, this was your last mission.
Doctor, welcome back. Yes. The tailoring business, or the spy business? I'm joking, of course. I've missed you. I've been genuinely concerned for your safety. Lunch hasn't been the same without you. Oh, I doubt that's going to happen, Doctor. I doubt that very much. There's an old saying on Cardassia. Enemies make dangerous friends. And I fear the Dominion will make a very dangerous friend indeed. Exactly. I'm afraid these treaty negotiations are a mistake we're going to live to regret. The former, I assure you. The Central Command is very much in favour of this treaty. Which, as far as I'm concerned, only justifies my fears. (They go down the stairs.) [Promenade] Still feel that I'm worrying about nothing, Doctor? [Shuttlecraft] Ah, Commander. I was hoping to see you before you left. I just wanted to tell you how impressed I've been with you during these past two years. You've run this station with strength, dignity and compassion. Well done. But I'm sure you'll be back before long. Though from what I've heard, it'll be to fight against Bajor. The Bajorans have fought for their freedom before. It only makes sense that they'd fight for it again. Do I detect a note of bitterness in your voice? If it means anything to you, Commander, I happen to share your feelings about this Dominion treaty. I've thought about it a great deal, and the only explanation I can find is that our leaders have simply gone insane. Unfortunately, there's nothing you or I can do about it. After all, you have your orders and as for me, well, I wouldn't dream of opposing the wishes of the Central Command. A pity. I thought you would. Life is full of surprises, Commander. {Promenade] )T'Rul is being chased by Jem'Hadar.) I'm afraid you have a loose thread right here. (Garak gives him a hypospray) I'm sorry, but we are pressed for time. Doctor, if you'd be so kind as to take his legs. Not at all, Doctor, but after years of hemming dresses, a little action is a welcome change of pace. Oh, I wouldn't worry about that, Doctor. Oh, you misunderstand me, Lieutenant. All I meant was it's a little foolish to worry about your careers at a time like this, when there's a good chance we're all about to be killed. [Cavern] I have them. I have them. (points his weapon at Sisko) By all means, Commander, do as they say. You heard me, Doctor. I'm glad to see the plan is going according as scheduled. You mean no one told you? You see, I pretend to be their friend and then I shoot you. (Garak shoots the Jem'Hadar.) Well, it's just something I read once in a book. Doctor, I'm afraid I won't be able to have lunch with you today. (Garak dies)
I can't think of anything I'd rather do. (The chain is handed to the Regent.) It's not exactly I was merely observing that as one of many officers under the Intendant's command, it would be an overstatement to imply that I alone was responsible for our defeat. Perhaps I should have surrendered to the rebels, grovelling on the floor, begging for my life like the Intendant. Am I succeeding? Your fairness and good judgement are everything I've heard it to be. Believe me, my Regent, it will take the blood of many rebels to quench the thirst of my revenge. I'm trying. Now, if you could just remove this insufferable collar. I know it's none of my business but perhaps it would be prudent to increase our speed to warp nine. I was merely trying to be of service. I thought we had agreed that it was the Intendant who was incompetent. I was merely following her orders. Then why don't you kill me? The Intendant was bad enough. She was irrational, accusatory, unappreciative. But at least At least I was able to please her now and then. I never said I was. You're not listening, I didn't take the key. What good would the key do me? Even if I were to unlock this collar, where could I go? I can't get off this ship. And besides, you've searched me three times already. Where could I possibly be hiding it? Impossible. I'm very particular about what I eat. Now do you believe me? It's nice to have something to look forward to. [Defiant Bridge] Forgive me, my Regent, but perhaps the moment has arrived to remove your august presence from the battlefield. I hope I'm not out of line? [Defiant Bridge] I certainly can't think of any. She will. It is the Intendant we're talking about, isn't it? All I ask is that when the moment comes, that you allow me, your humble servant, the honour of administering her punishment. I promise you, she will regret her disloyalty before she dies.
Keep looking, Doctor. Whatever Starfleet put in there is very well hidden. That's easy for you to say, Chief. You don't know them as well as I do. These are desperate people. I would have, if I were them. In fact, when I was conducting interrogations for the Obsidian Order, I did a lot worse. Not from where I'm sitting. Well, take it from me, it's a lot more fun asking questions than answering them. All things considered, I'd rather be on the Defiant with all of you. That's the eleventh ship to fall out of formation. On the contrary. I always hope for the best. Experience, unfortunately, has taught me to expect the worst. Now who's being negative.
Ah, Constable. How good of you to stop by. (Garak glances towards the changing room.) Excuse me? A thing of beauty is a joy forever. A splendid idea. Ah, Security Chief Odo, I'd like to introduce you to Chalan Aroya, one of my best customers. Now that you mention it, I've just witnessed a crime. Letting Aroya walk out of here without arranging a date. You should be locked away for that. True. But do you think we'd waste so much time on something that wasn't worthwhile? I'll never understand you. You're such a sensitive man, yet there are so many aspects of humanoid life that you simply refuse to explore. But you have to admit, she is quite lovely. Odo, what's wrong? Garak to Doctor Bashir. I need a medical emergency team sent to my shop immediately. [Infirmary] Personally I think Starfleet should allow their officers more latitude in accessorizing their uniforms. You'd be surprised what a nice scarf can do. (Sisko enters.) Ah, Captain. How good of you to see me. I'd like to accompany you on your mission. There are some questions I'd like to ask the Founders. The Cardassian Empire lost a number of ships during their aborted attack on the Dominion. I want to know what happened to the crewmembers. Oh, we don't know that for a fact. As I recall, when the Defiant left the scene of the battle, there were a number of Cardassian warships still fighting. I live in hope. Besides, if you do take me along, I think you'll find me quite useful. I'm a man of many talents. You want me to keep him company? But where you offer kindness, I offer mystery. Where you offer sympathy, I offer intrigue. Just give me a seat next to Odo's bed and I promise you I will conjure up enough innuendos, half-truths, and bald-faced lies about my so-called career in the Obsidian Order to keep the Constable distracted for days. If there's one thing Cardassians excel at, it's conversation. We share the same priorities, captain. Ah, yes. The assassination of Proconsul Merrok of Romulus. Such a tragedy. I met him once, a few weeks before he died. I was working as a gardener at the Cardassian embassy during the My specialty was Edosian orchids. Beautiful but highly toxic. Funny, I don't remember that. But then again, so many Romulan dignitaries died unexpectedly that year. You can't imagine. How do I look, Doctor? Of course it matters. I'm here as a representative of the Cardassian Empire and I want to make a good first impression. Constable, what do you think? You're getting warmer. But how do I look? (The door opens.) Amazing. Of course. (Garak and Bashir leave.) Excuse me, madam. May I have a moment of your time? That's right. And on behalf of my people, I'd like to learn if there were any survivors after our attack on your homeland. Yes. You mean, they're all dead? It was a pleasure meeting you. [Mess hall] Don't tell me. I overlooked one of the security monitors. I was hoping to gain control of the phasers as well. I just hadn't got around to it yet. Don't you see? We have an opportunity here. A chance to end the Dominion threat once and for all. We have enough firepower on this ship to turn that planet into a smoking cinder. Personally, I think that would be a very good thing. They'll die. And once the Jem'Hadar ships realise what we're doing, so will we. But what are our lives compared to saving the entire Alpha Quadrant? I'm not talking about war. What I'm proposing is wiping out every Founder on that planet. Obliterating the Great Link. Come now, Mister Worf, you're a Klingon. Don't tell me you'd object to a little genocide in the name of self-defence? What you are is a great disappointment. (They fight. Worf finally gets the upper hand.) How does it feel? You comfortable? Not too tight? Itchy? That's the Inkarian wool. You'll get used to it. Unless of course you're allergic to Inkarian wool. You know, I envy you. Think of all the wonderful foods you'll get to enjoy for the first time. yes, I suppose you do. Six months in a holding cell? The thought is unattractive, to say the least. Yes, but my heart was in the right place. What a generous offer.
Odo, what's wrong?
If you try on the trousers first you'll see I've added some extra padding to the seat which should make swivelling on your barstool much more comfortable. (Morn goes into the changing room.) I'm afraid your pants won't be ready until next week, Quark. Ah. And what can I do for you? I don't know what you're talking about. You're right. I used to be a gardener. Now if you have something you want weeded, you let me know. You want me to kill you? Well, that's different. Business. How's that? It wasn't that loud. We're running out of options, Quark. You don't want to be vaporised because you need a body. The disruptor ruined your clothing. The knife was too savage. The nerve gas smelled bad. Hanging took too long, and poison. What was wrong with poison? Computer, remove corpse. For a man who wants to kill himself, you're strangely determined to live. Right way? Ah. You want to be surprised. I see. Perhaps that can be arranged. You have my word. You'll never know what hit you. [Corridor] (Now Quark is alert and looking for Garak everywhere.) [Quark's quarters]
No, thank you, Doctor. I'm quite full. The truth is, I'm trying to lose a little weight. Hemming women's dresses may provide me with a modest income, but it offers very little in the way of exercise. I might just take you up on that. And speaking of holosuites (Garak takes out an isolinear rod with a ribbon around it and hands it to Bashir.) Happy birthday. I know it's a few days off, but I wanted to give you your present early. It's a Cardassian holosuite programme. An adaptation of one of Shoggoth's enigma tales. You sound disappointed. I thought you enjoyed mystery novels. Yes, but the challenge is determining exactly who is guilty of what. Is Lieutenant Dax throwing one of her surprise parties for you this year? You don't sound enthusiastic about that either. How so? And? And that's considered bad? I wasn't aware that humans saw growing old as a negative experience. On Cardassia, advanced age is seen as a sign of power and dignity. By all means, Doctor, be as grumpy as you like. Of course. Don't take it personally. He's turning thirty. [Infirmary] Doctor, what are you doing here? I was looking for Constable Odo. Everyone on the station seems to have disappeared. What do you mean? Tell me, what's going on. It's no use. As far as I can tell, the station has suffered a massive systems failure. Aside from life support and simple functions like turbolifts and doors, nothing seems to work. It's been like that for hours. I was up late programming some replicator patterns for a suit I'm designing when everything went dead. Maybe. Or maybe they've fallen victim to some kind of rampant virus, or space anomaly, or Dominion plot. Hear what? I don't hear anything. But then Cardassian hearing is not quite as acute as human's. Doctor, are you feeling all right? You look different somehow. (There's more grey in his hair) Your hair. It seems to be turning grey. I guess you had reason to worry about turning thirty after all. Either that or your job is even more stressful than I thought. I agree. Perhaps we should split up. I can search the docking ring while you look around the habitat ring and the central core. (Bashir gets a pair of phasers and two hand beacons.) Hey, you too. And Doctor, try to relax. [Corridor] (Bashir walks along, opening each door and looking inside. The lights start to go out behind him and his hand beacon does not penetrate the approaching darkness. He backs into a forcefield. Just before the dark arrives he gets into a) [Turbolift] Oh, don't ask me. After all, we're inside your mind. It's a pity about Lieutenant Dax. I'm a part of you, remember? I know what you know. Well, maybe a little more. Oh, you wouldn't have me any other way. yes, apparently so. You, or should I say we, are running out of time. Your service, Doctor. Then you'd better get to Ops. If there are repairs are to be done, that's the place to do them. I'd be delighted. I wonder if any of them plays tennis. [Corridor] (There are lots of people slumped on the floor) Well he hasn't caught you yet, Doctor. Let's get you out of here. What's wrong? Well, Doctor, it was a good game while it lasted. And how do you propose doing that, hmm? I admire your tenacity, Doctor, but it's over. Look at yourself. Your bones are as brittle as twigs, you can't catch your breath. You can't even stand, let alone walk. It would be my privilege. Now what would you like me to do? Of course. Come on. All right? Let's go. [Ops] (Garak cuts into Ops with a phaser.) Anybody home? (silence) All right, Doctor, here we go. Easy now. That's it. Good. (Methuselah shuffles painfully into Ops. The place is decorated for Bashir's birthday party.) And many more. I really must congratulate you, Doctor. You have a fascinating mind. You must try to enjoy yourself. It's your birthday. Sorry, dear. Come along, Doctor. That's it. Good. Any ideas on how to go about doing that? So, what panel accesses the computer? But I'm not really Garak, am I? I'm just another part of you. This station is in worse condition than we thought. Face it, Doctor, there's no way to repair the damage. It's much too extensive. I'd be more than willing to help you, if I thought it would accomplish anything, but you're only delaying the inevitable. (Bashir hauls himself up to another overhead panel.) We've been through this, Doctor. I'm not Garak. I'm you. You tell me. Well, it sounds as if he were more dangerous in your mind than he was in the real world. Cardassians don't believe in luck, Doctor. You survived because you're strong. In that case, happy birthday. You know, Doctor, what I find most fascinating about this entire incident is how your unconscious mind chose people you know to represent the various parts of your personality. And what I find interesting is how your mind ended up casting me in the role of the villain. Oh how can I not? To think, after all this time, all our lunches together, you still don't trust me. There's hope for you yet, Doctor. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I believe that's the point, Major. Computer, access code Garak one three five nine. (The door forcefield drops, Garak steps through the door, then forcefield returns.) Ironic isn't it? The only place in the galaxy that still recognises my access code is a Bajoran space station. I'd like nothing better than to help my loyal customers, but it's not that simple. My access code enables me to move about the station, but unfortunately, as you've just seen, the forcefields reappear the moment I pass through a doorway. Several times, but for some reason I can't begin to fathom, Gul Dukat chose not to trust me with his top level security codes during the occupation. The only way to do that is to destroy the life support system. Believe me, Major, it's the only way to save those people. I believe life support is controlled from over there. Plenty, Major. Unfortunately, all of it bad. My personal code can activate any terminal on the station. However, that's the extent of my access. All I can do is just look around. I can tell you exactly what's going on, but I can't do anything about it. As far as I can see, the only person who can disable the security programme is Gul Dukat. Even if I could, it wouldn't do any good. If I were to input his code, the computer would scan my DNA pattern to determine if I really were Dukat. What a creative idea. It certainly is worth a try. If it works, a few seconds are all I'll need. Tell me, Doctor, what is it exactly about this situation that's making you smile? I wouldn't even venture a guess. Which reminds me, those pants you wanted altered are ready to be picked up. Oh, this is a problem. I always suspected that Dukat was a little paranoid. He's left a rather large number of interrogative subroutines imbedded in his access code. Meaning the computer is constantly challenging to prove I am who I say I am. Lieutenant, how much long before you can disable those sensors? I'm not sure we have that much time. In fact, I'm sure we don't. I respectfully disagree, Major. Nothing is about all we can do. (A figure beams in, and the weapon avoids hitting it.) Easy, Doctor. It would appear that the computer is only targeting non-Cardassians. Well, you've always been shortsighted. It's held you back over the years. As I recall, your father had the same flaw. Funny, at his trial your father said his biggest flaw was that his ambition outweighed his patriotism. Even your own computer programme turns against you. I always knew your shortsightedness would be your downfall. It's not going to work, you know. I'm talking about Major Kira She's much too busy trying to save this station to be impressed with your incessant posturing. And even if she weren't, she has much better taste than to be attracted to you. And you, a married man You tried, remember?
The Commander is correct. We have to evade several Jem'Hadar patrols in order to reach Damar's base. If we wait too long, they may alter their patrol routes.
How do you know I didn't volunteer? Nothing so coarse. The Captain bribed me. He offered to help me procure a larger space for my workshop. The latest dressmaking equipment is surprisingly bulky. [Runabout] It's just that lately I've noticed that everyone seems to trust me. It's quite unnerving. I'm still trying to get used to it. Next thing I know, people are going to be inviting me to their homes for dinner. I appreciate that, Chief. I can certainly understand that, but don't worry. I have some experience in that area. [Airlock] What are you doing? But you're losing. This is not a financial transaction. Protecting your assets is what got you into trouble in the first place. You have to go on the offensive. You have to attack. This is maddening. Asking a Ferengi to play a Cardassian game is like asking a Klingon to chew with his mouth closed. Kotra is not about regrouping or hoarding assets. It's about bold strategy and decisive action. Chief, would you like to take on the winner? I'd love to play Kotra against the hero of Setlik Three. Oh, we all know your distinguished war record. How you led two dozen men against the Barrica encampment and took out an entire regiment of Cardassians. If you play Kotra with half that brazenness, we'd have quite a match. I see. So when you and Doctor Bashir go into the holosuites for hours at a time you're just repairing them? I'm just curious. Why do you and Doctor Bashir spend hours in the holosuites dressed as fighter pilots, reliving ancient battles? So is Kotra. And I'd love nothing more than to play against a man like you. Oh, I don't think we can risk beaming aboard. There are probably pattern scramblers rigged to go off if they detect a non-Cardassian transporter signal. You can count on it. And someone's going to have to disarm them before we dock. The scanner in the airlock might mistake your enthusiasm as Cardassian, but not your DNA. No, I'm afraid I'm the only one who as a chance of getting through. [Empok Nor Airlock] (Something is banging. Garak, in a spacesuit, pulls a lever and the gravity comes on. A few buttons and the whole station starts to wake up and come back to life, including the Infirmary. In here are three stasis chambers from Voyager's The Thaw, and one occupant is now awake. The runabout docks. The lighting is lower than usual and our people use flash lights to get around and see what they are doing.) Ah. Welcome to Empok Nor. Take whatever you need. My house is your house. I wonder where it came from. Follow me. [Empok Nor Infirmary] (Two chambers are lit and open, one is dark and shut. A falling girder smashed the cover.) Interesting. Third Battalion, First Order, if I'm not mistaken. Both these tubes have been activated recently. [Empok Nor corridor] (Surgery is underway in a panel.) Garak to O'Brien. Could you come down to the Infirmary? There's something you should see. [Empok Nor corridor] Which leads me to believe that the former occupants of these chambers are up and about. Three simple words, and they certainly sum up their credo nicely. I'm not convinced Stolzoff was right about our Cardassian friends. Why would anyone voluntarily seal themselves into a stasis tube, perhaps for years, just to guard an abandoned station? Even the Third Battalion isn't that fanatical. Something else is going on. That's the trouble with humans. You don't know how to appreciate a good mystery. Don't get me wrong, Chief. I want to get off this station as much as you do, but I just know if I don't figure this out it's going to nag at me for days. (Meanwhile Nog is sweeping the bay, rifle ready, whilst a Cardassian is sneaking up behind him.) I'm flattered, but I'm afraid I have other plans. I don't intend to stand around waiting to be killed. Meaning, I'm going after those two Cardassian soldiers and neutralise them. Besides, all this whining is giving me a headache. You'd like to shoot me, wouldn't you? You're dying to kill a Cardassian. Any Cardassian. That's the spirit. Why don't you come with me, Chief? Kill a few Cardies. It'd be like old times. Wouldn't you like to avenge their deaths? You're fighting your instincts, I can see it. But the hero of Setlik Three is still inside there somewhere. Access denied. Access denied. Don't you know how to say anything else? Apparently not. (There's a door sound outside.) Access denied. [Empok Nor Promenade] Access denied. Access denied. Access denied. How monotonous. (A soldier comes down the stairs and goes into the Infirmary.) [Empok Nor Infirmary] (The place is empty. The soldier looks around then is about to leave when the third chamber opens.) Looking for me? (He kills the soldier.) That felt good. [Empok Nor Cargo bay] Come now, Chief, don't be so modest. You did a lot of killing. Secure is such a relative term, wouldn't you agree? I've brought you something, if you don't mind. (Another Third Battalion insignia.) I'm sure Pechetti would have appreciated it more, but From its former owner. One down, one to go. By the way, I took a tissue sample from the soldier's body. The analysis was rather fascinating, in a grim sort of way. It seems the unfortunate soul had been given a massive dose of psychotropic drugs. I'm not sure, but I can tell you one thing. It wasn't to make him amicable. The drug's protein structure seems designed to amplify my people's xenophobic tendencies. My guess is that the soldiers that were left here were part of a Cardassian military experiment. The High Command was probably looking for a way to further motivate their troops. That's a good question. I'd love to stay and hypothesise all afternoon, but once I've set my mind to a task, I hate to leave it unfinished. What is it, Chief? How so? I'm not a tailor. Not for the moment, anyway. [Empok Nor corridor] That's a shame. And the worst part of it is, this isn't a coil spanner. (Garak stabs Amaro with it.) It's a flux coupler. (And he slides off into the shadows.) [Empok Nor Cargo bay] I know you're hiding somewhere. Ah, there you are. (Finds a kotra game piece and puts it on the board.) Garak to Chief O'Brien. You'll never guess what I found. A kotra board. The Station Commander left one in his office. [Empok Nor corridor] The pieces were scattered all over but I found the last one hiding under his desk. [Empok Nor Commander's office] I can't help thinking what a perfect metaphor this game is for our present situation. Two players, two minds, two strategies. [Empok Nor corridor] Each trying to outmanoeuvre the other, testing the enemy's defences. Advancing, retreating. The only difference is, in the game we're playing [Empok Nor Commander's office] The stakes are life and death, which makes it so much more interesting. [Empok Nor corridor] (Nog is outside Ops.) I haven't had this much fun in years. My heart's pounding. (O'Brien is outside the office. He taps his comm. badge twice.) The blood's racing through my veins. I feel so alive. And I'd wager so you do. [Empok Nor Ops] (Nog enters Ops, O'Brien enters an empty office. The kotra game is on the main ops table.) [Empok Nor Commander's office] (The doors close, and O'Brien is stopped by a forcefield. In Ops, Garak tackles Nog.) [Empok Nor Ops] It looks like I've captured your last piece, Chief. If you want it back, you're going to have to take it from me. (Garak takes Nog away. Once he's gone the forcefield switches off and O'Brien comes out to overturn the kotra board.) It's your move, Chief. What are you going to do? Attack? Retreat? Surrender? Fight it? But I'm enjoying myself. This is the most exciting game I've played in years. Oh, but it is. And the best thing about it is that it brings out the player's true nature. I saw the look in your eyes when I took the Ferengi away from you. You wanted to kill me. [Empok Nor Ops] You wanted to strangle me with your bare hands. You're a killer. Admit it. [Empok Nor corridor] We both are. Behind your Federation mask of decency and benevolence, you're a predator [Empok Nor Ops] Just like me. Oh, but you are. You proved that on Setlik Three. How many Cardassians did you kill? Ten? Twenty? [Empok Nor Ops] A hundred? Oh, but you remember how you felt. [Empok Nor corridor] The Cardassians were killing your men. You had to stop them. You had to make them pay. Blood for blood. You enjoyed killing them, didn't you. You enjoyed watching the life drain from their eyes. [Empok Nor Ops] Nothing would give me greater pleasure. We'll meet on the Promenade. [Empok Nor Ops] No weapons. [Empok Nor corridor] You have no idea how hard it is to keep from pulling this trigger. But I need you alive. [Empok Nor Promenade] (O'Brien enters, using his rifle flashlight sparingly. He walks into Stolzoff's corpse hanging from the wall. They're all there.) They've come to cheer you on, Chief. Your loyal team. Apparently they've forgiven you for getting them all killed. (The dead Cardassian soldiers are there too. Nog and Garak are at the entrance to the Infirmary.) My supporters may be fewer in number, but they're no less loyal. I thought we agreed no weapons. Well, how did this get here? But we won't be needing these, will we. Put yours down. Put it down, or say goodbye to the Ferengi. He has nothing to worry about. I'm not going to shoot an unarmed man. What fun would that be? (O'Brien puts the rifle down.) You wouldn't happen to have another one, would you? (A hand phaser and a tricorder.) Naughty, naughty. (As O'Brien puts them down, he activates the tricorder.) I admit I'm tempted to end this right now, But that would be depriving myself of too much enjoyment. (Garak sets down his rifle. They exchange punches and O'Brien goes down.) I'm disappointed, Chief. I expected to see the bloodlust in your eyes but all I see is fear. (O'Brien gets up to be knocked down again.) Maybe it's true. Maybe you're not a soldier anymore. Mission accomplished. Yes, I've been told that. Chief, I was hoping to ask a favour. It's not about that. I'd like you to express my deepest regrets to Amaro's wife. I'd talk to her myself, but I'm not sure she'd welcome that. I'd appreciate it. Well, it could have been worse. If I'd been any closer to that phaser, it would have killed me. I understand.
Tarkalean tea again, Doctor? How did you know? So it is. Rokassa juice soothes my nerves. I had a very demanding customer today. A Bajoran engineer who comes to the shop constantly just to plague me. I like to think that my expertise and willingness to serve overcome any general resentments any of my clientele may have. Trust is very important Really, Doctor, must we always play this game? I'm no more a spy than you are a I'm afraid you really do allow your imagination to run away with you. What else can I say to finally convince you that I'm just Precisely. Now there's something you don't see every day. (A Bajoran man and a Cardassian boy have just come out of the airlock and come straight into the Replimat.) On the contrary. I've never seen him before in my life. (Garak goes over to their table) I hope I'm not intruding, but I couldn't help noticing what a handsome young man you have here. (Garak rests his hand on the boy's shoulder, so the lad bites it) Argh! (Bashir checks Garak's wound while the boy hugs the Bajoran man.) [Ops] Oh? I suppose it depends on whose hand. Just joking, Doctor. I beg your pardon? (laughs) You said Dukat is doing something about war orphans? Does he. Tell me, Doctor. Is there a single trait would you ascribe to me and to my fellow Cardassians? Would it not be our attention to detail? Do you think we simply forgot about those poor little orphans when we left Bajor? Do you think they simply slipped from our minds? And who would you guess was in charge of the Cardassian withdrawal from Bajor? [Ops] Come, Doctor, get dressed. We need to be going. To Bajor. [Sisko's quarters] (So Sisko is hauled out of his bed too) The circumstances surrounding the young man's adoption. It took place about eight years ago. Oh, the Cardassians are quite meticulous record keepers, Madame. They've taught many worlds, including this one, how to keep records. I find it difficult to believe that none exist from that time period. Certainly computer entries made on a regular basis. Really? Perhaps we have met. Perhaps I can be of service. I dabble with isolinear data subprocessors. It's a hobby of mine. (A little later) It's no more difficult than sewing on a button, actually. Excuse me. (Garak hands him his monocle) A simple tailoring tool. You'd be surprised how often someone needs their pants let out. Oh, it's not there. Rugal's name, his father's name, none of it. It's simply a question of knowing what you're looking for, Doctor. Excuse me. Now, it's either been misfiled, under a wrong name, or this is entirely the wrong relocation centre. That won't be necessary. We can access the files of this entire province from here and download them onto a data clip. Tens of thousands, actually. (They have an audience of Cardassian and half-Cardassian children) I'm afraid not, child. Come, Doctor. I believe you'll find your computer system fully functional now, Madame. [Runabout] Computer, set up a data bank, cross-referencing age groups, sex and year of adopt. I'm sorry you're upset about the orphans. Children without parents have no status in Cardassian society. The situation is most unfortunate, but I don't make the rules. There are always games, Doctor. Tell me, Doctor, why do you think the Cardassians left Bajor? And isn't it interesting that one of Cardassia's most notable civilian leaders has recently entered this scenario. Very good, Doctor. I'm glad to see our little get-togethers haven't gone for naught. And seemingly out of nowhere, Dukat takes an interest in this orphan boy who recently arrives on our station. And then soon afterwards, with Gul Dukat's assistance, we discover that the orphan boy isn't really an orphan boy, but Pa'Dar's long lost son. I believe in coincidences. Coincidences happen every day. But I don't trust coincidences. [O'Brien's quarters] How perfectly foolish of me. Dukat is much smarter than that. Think about it, Doctor. He would never have left a file to be found. I would have. Exactly. We have one last chance, to find the person who wrote that file in the first place. Her. Because I've already found her name. Jomat Luson. [Schoolroom] Truth, Doctor, is in the eye of the beholder. I never tell the truth because I don't believe there is such a thing. That's why I prefer the straight line simplicity of cutting cloth. But you don't need me to tell you, my friend. Just notice the details. They're scattered like crumbs all over this table we regularly share. Until next time. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Of course I agreed. Yiri's brother was a traitor to the Trelonian government. It all comes down to a question of loyalty. My dear Doctor, Yiri had to choose between protecting his brother and protecting the state. He chose the state, as would I, every time. And who can we thank for those misguided words of wisdom? Sarek of Vulcan? With sentiments like those, you wouldn't last for five seconds on Cardassia. Fishing again, Doctor? Assuming. Or maybe I'm an outcast spy. I never said I was either. [Quark's] (Meanwhile, downstairs Odo has just walked in.) Thank you for another enjoyable lunch. Doctor. (Bashir and Garak leave. Garak nods to Natima on his way out. Rekelen and Hogue return to the table.) Ah, Mister Quark, this is a surprise. I don't believe you've ever been in my establishment before. The Replimat was a little crowded. So what brings you here now? Seventeen strips of latinum. Twenty? How uncharacteristically generous for a Ferengi. Well, this is the latest style on my homeworld. Do you like it? I don't know. It's been so long since I've had a Cardassian customer. Now that you mention it, I think your lady friend may find this style very appealing. You're old friends, aren't you? It would have been hard to miss the way you were looking at her. Personally, I find this style a bit too radical, but your friend seems the sort who appreciates that kind of thing. Oh, you'd be surprised how detrimental a poor choice of fashion can be. Take this dress. It may be all the rage now but in a very short time it can become tiresome, an affront to the eyes. Certain people might even think it's objectionable. And then (Garak tears it) Nothing but rags. Mister Quark, might I offer you some free advice? I've been in this business a long time and I know there's nothing worse than following the wrong trend. Now you're a smart fellow, with your own inimitable sense of style. Perhaps you should mention this to your lady friend. I'd hate to see her fall victim to fashion. She's chosen to associate herself with some rather flamboyant companions. It would be a tragedy if she got in the way when her friends go out of fashion. What're you going to do, short change them at the dabo table? Commander. We think we should talk. [Commander's office] No one is threatening you. The Central Command merely wants to make sure they have your undivided attention. Students is a rather benign term for them. Terrorists would be more accurate. The Cardassian government would very much like Hogue and Rekelen returned home immediately. This is all very embarrassing, Commander. The Central Command would hate to see the Federation pulled into such an insignificant and purely internal affair. Not at all. Annoying, perhaps, inconvenient, maybe, but dangerous? Hardly. And if they were dangerous, would the Central Command entrust the situation to me, a simple tailor? Really, Commander, that's another discussion entirely. All you really need to know right now is that the return of Hogue and Rekelen is in the best interests of the Cardassian Empire. Is there a difference? The ultimate decision is of course yours. I am simply relaying a message. Absolutely. Thank you for your time. Oh, and if you'd like, stop by the shop one day. I have a number of suits that would look quite flattering on you. [Quark's] Toran? They've made you a Gul. I didn't realise the situation on Cardassia had gotten so desperate. Actually, I'm finding my time here quite illuminating. Am I to be rewarded for informing the Central Command about the presence of Hogue and Rekelen on the station? But I suggested a prisoner exchange and the Central Command agreed. They listen to you? Kill them and all you'll do is create martyrs. And how do you propose to arrange this unfortunate incident? I see your point. But what's the rush? Don't. I'd hate to ruin such a nice suit. Exile tends to wear a bit thin after a while, even with surroundings as pleasant as these. Unfortunately, it's not their decision to make, nor mine. Professor Lang, however minor her role in this matter, has come to the attention of the Central Command. Madam, I am not here to debate you. Which brings up another issue. Quark, things would've gone much easier if you'd taken my advice and not gotten involved with these people. I know. A pity, really. Personally, I rather like you, Quark. Before I became a tailor, I lived by a simple motto. Never let sentiment get in the way of your work. A bit of a cliché, but true, nonetheless. Well then, although I admit it's against my better judgement, I'm afraid I must carry out the verdict of the Central Command. What are you doing here, Toran? You've never been right about anything. Now step aside, Toran, and allow me to finish this sorry business. Why? So you can take the credit and make sure I remain in disgrace. No, I suppose not. Well, some people should never be promoted. Well, don't just stand there. Your ship is waiting. Ah. That alone makes it all worthwhile. I suggest we return to the Promenade without delay. Why did you let Professor Lang go? And I love Cardassia. Which is why I had to do what I did. That's the thing about love. No one really understands it, do they? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I must say I'm flattered, Captain. I had no idea you held such a lofty opinion of me. Your faith in my ability to retrieve classified information from my former homeland is most gratifying. No one wants to see the Dominion destroyed more than I do, but to go to Cardassia Prime, penetrate one of the most heavily guarded facilities in the quadrant, steal top secret war plans and then return them safely to you is not just another job. It's more like a suicide mission. And that is well outside my field of expertise. Perhaps. It would mean calling in all my favours, Captain. To do what you're asking would use up every resource I have left on Cardassia. And it may be a very messy, very bloody business. Are you prepared for that? I'm in. Well I suppose that depends on how you look at it. I share your desire for swift action, Captain. In fact, after our last conversation, I made a few discreet inquiries among my former associates still living on Cardassia. As I anticipated, they shared my loathing for the current government and were willing to take on an assignment aimed at its destruction. Doesn't it? Unfortunately, they're all dead now. Yes. All killed within one day of speaking with me. I suppose that's a testament to the effectiveness of Dominion security. One should admire such efficiency. I hope you're not giving up that easily. After all, the stakes are much higher than a few dead operatives. The fate of the entire quadrant hangs in the balance. Or at least that's the case you made to me. As a matter of fact, I do. But I suspect you won't like it. If you want to guarantee that we obtain evidence of a Dominion plan to attack the Romulans, I suggest that we manufacture that evidence ourselves. [Sisko's quarters] His name is Vreenak. He's been a key member of the Romulan Senate for the past fourteen years. He's Secretary of the War Plans Council, Vice Chairman of the Tal Shiar, and one of the most trusted advisors to Proconsul Neral. Since you're familiar with him, I'll skip the rest of his biography. What's important is that he continues to be one of the most ardently pro-Dominion voices in the Senate. If we can convince him that the Dominion is a threat, the rest of the Senate will follow. Ten days from now, Senator Vreenak will be making a trip to Soukara for a diplomatic meeting with Weyoun. I am certain that he can be persuaded to make a secret detour to DS Nine if he were invited by one Captain Benjamin Sisko. There are some things I'd rather not discuss. May I continue? When Senator Vreenak arrives, you will show him a holographic recording of a secret meeting held at the highest level of the Dominion in which the planned invasion of Romulus is being discussed. You will tell the Senator that this information was obtained through various covert means at great cost to the Federation. At least ten good men lost their lives bringing it across the line, that sort of thing. He will immediately suspect it's a forgery, but you will assure him that such a thing would be impossible. You see, Senator, this is an official Cardassian transcript. It was recorded on a one time optolythic data rod used for official record keeping. These rods are manufactured only as needed on Cardassia Prime. Information can only be transcribed on them once, and then cannot be altered. Of course. And he will discover to his amazement that it's completely genuine. At least, so it will appear. You will have handed him a genuine optolythic data rod, but it will contain one of the most perfect forgeries ever fashioned. I'm still working on obtaining the data rod, but I have located the man who will create the holorecording. Of course. But I suspect that with the fall of Betazed, they'll be ready to do whatever it takes to bring the Romulans into the war. One last thing, Captain. The man we need to forge this holoprogramme is currently sitting in a Klingon prison awaiting execution. To save time and incidentally his life, I thought that perhaps you could contact Chancellor Gowron today and arrange a pardon. Grathon Tolar. [Wardroom] (Tolar is a pale blue reptilian with a head crest. Rather pretty colour, actually.) Mind if I join you? Hold. The less I'm seen parading through Ops, the better. You seem angry. I've locked him in his quarters. I've also left him with the distinct impression that if he attempts to force the door open, it may explode. It's best not to dwell on such minutiae. In any case, we have far more important matters to discuss. I've located a gentleman willing to sell us a genuine optolythic data rod. I trust the source, but rest assured I will confirm the rod's authenticity before I make payment. Which brings me to you. I'm afraid he's not interested in latinum. The gentleman in question has requested to be compensated with two hundred litres of biomimetic gel. I don't know why, exactly. One would assume it has something to do with genetic experimentation. Believe me, I wouldn't be relaying this request if I thought he'd take anything else. I wasn't exaggerating when I told you about the near impossibility of obtaining a genuine Cardassian data rod. It's something of a minor miracle that I was able to locate this one source, I'm virtually certain I won't find another. I'm afraid we either give him what he wants or forget the whole enterprise. I believe the quantity is open to negotiation. That's it. Freeze programme. That's all the new material. The rest of the programme plays exactly as you saw it before. What do you think? Yes, and all I had to do was add a little petty bickering and mutual loathing. You may record the programme onto the data rod now. (The scenario vanishes.) Excellent. Just put it in the case. (The wooden case has a Cardassian emblem on it.) I sincerely hope so. Now why don't you go back to your quarters. I'll be along shortly to say hello. [Sisko's quarters] So while you're entertaining the Senator in the wardroom, I'll take the opportunity to make a quick search of his ship's database. For any intelligence information he may have picked up on the Dominion in Soukara. Oh, I think that's highly unlikely. I doubt the senator will be travelling with more than four bodyguards at the most. Two will stand watch outside the wardroom and two will stay in the landing bay. I assure you, they'll never know I was even near their ship. Always a pleasure to see you, Mister Worf. [Airlock] I'll take my leave of you now, Captain. Oh, and one last thing. Vreenak believes he's on the winning side, so until you can prove otherwise, you may have to put up with a certain acerbic attitude. Good luck. (Garak leaves. The airlock opens and two Romulan guards come out, followed by the Senator.) That's right. It wasn't quite that simple. I did have hopes that the rod would somehow pass inspection, but I suspected that Tolar may not have been up to the task. Think of them both as tragic victims of war. (Sisko punches Garak again.) If you can allow your anger to subside for a moment, you'll see that they did not die in vain. The Romulans will enter the war. Oh, but I think that there is. You see, when the Tal Shiar finishes examining the wreckage of Vreenak's shuttle, they'll find the burnt remnants of a Cardassian optolythic data rod which somehow miraculously survived the explosion. After painstaking forensic examination, they'll discover that the rod contains a recording of a high level Dominion meeting at which the invasion of Romulus was being planned. No, I don't think they will, because any imperfections in the forgery will appear to be a result of the explosion. So, with a seemingly legitimate rod in one hand and a dead senator in the other, I ask you, Captain, what conclusion would you draw? Precisely. And the more the Dominion protests their innocence, the more the Romulans will believe they're guilty because it's exactly what the Romulans would have done in their place. That's why you came to me, isn't it, Captain? Because you knew I could do those things that you weren't capable of doing. Well, it worked. And you'll get what you want, a war between the Romulans and the Dominion. And if your conscience is bothering you, you should soothe it with the knowledge that you may have just saved the entire Alpha Quadrant and all it cost was the life of one Romulan senator, one criminal, and the self-respect of one Starfleet officer. I don't know about you, but I'd call that a bargain. [Sisko's quarters]
Fascinating. So both the cup and the liquid are merely extensions of your body. Very thoughtful. Tell me, Odo, have you heard any news from Cardassia lately? Well I have, and frankly I don't like what I've heard. Rumours of uprisings, civil disturbance. It's all very alarming. One or two, but I can't even get through to them now. That's what worries me. With the destruction of the Obsidian Order and the threat of the Dominion, these are unsettling times for Cardassia. I'd appreciate that, Constable. Actually, I'm not sure Constable Odo has a mother. I'd listen to him if I were you. Oh, you'd be surprised at the things you can learn while you're doing alterations. [Garak's shop] (Garak enters and hears a noise. Two Klingons come out of the back of his shop, then three more follow him in and the doors close behind them.) Let me guess. You're either lost or desperately searching for a good tailor. Constable Odo and Captain Sisko expressed similar concern. But really, Doctor, there was no harm done. Ah, but I got off several cutting remarks which no doubt did serious damage to their egos. I'm serious, Doctor. Thanks to your ministrations, I am almost completely healed. But the damage I did to them will last a lifetime. What I can't understand is their inexplicable hostility toward me. Maligning Constable Odo is one thing. After all, he's a changeling. The Klingons don't know him as well as we do. But relations between the Klingon and Cardassian Empires have never been anything but amicable. A minor skirmish. That was ages ago. Perhaps they decided they just didn't like me? You're right, as always, Doctor. They must have mistaken me for someone else. [Captain's office] Trust me, you won't regret this. When it comes to keeping warm, nothing beats Vitarian wool undergarments. And in case you change your mind about the earmuffs, I'll keep them on hold for you. (Morn leaves) Excuse me. I hope I'm not interrupting. Now? But Captain, I do have your measurements. Thank you, Captain. I believe I have everything I need. [Garak's shop] According to my sources, the Klingon High Council believes that Cardassia has been taken over by the Founders. Is it? You're having trouble keeping the civilians in line? I'm afraid that since the fall of the Obsidian Order, Cardassian security isn't what it used to be. We can stand here all day reminding ourselves just how much we hate each other, but you don't have the time. The Klingon fleet will reach Cardassian territory in less than one hour. I suggest you prepare for them. [Ops] (The War Game is being monitored on the big table) Might I trouble you for a glass of kanar? How uncharacteristically generous of you. How thoughtless of me not to consider the effect the destruction of my homeworld would have on your business. These must be trying times for you. Be brave. I can see the attraction for you. Your charms would be wasted. I know precisely how you feel. What is it? I don't know. It's vile. Just like the Federation. It's insidious. Do you think they'll be able to save us? Well, I can't be sure, of course, but my guess would be Klingons. I wanted to make sure the council members were safe. Oh, and I take it your concern is motivated strictly by patriotism. Because if the Klingons do invade this station, you just may need my help. (Garak has a disruptor.) Who would've thought that the two of us would be fighting side by side? I'll try to keep that in mind. [Ops] (Everyone is given a weapon.) I find this hand-to-hand combat really quite distasteful. You have to admit, it's much more civilised. [Ops] (More fighting. Kira is honourably stabbed in the back but still manages to disarm her attacker before collapsing. Worf saves O'Brien when he is down. Sisko and Dax are proving expert with bat'leths too. Then there are no more to fight.)
Hmm? Oh, I'm afraid you're going to have to find them from somewhere else. The shop's closed. Well, Starfleet Intelligence is keeping me quite busy these days. Even if I was interested, I don't have the time. Do you have any idea how long it takes to decode a Cardassian military transmission? I mean, I invented some of the basic encryption protocols when I was with the Obsidian Order, but it still takes me several days to decipher the simplest sentence. Well I intend to. Just as soon as the Dominion is driven off Cardassia. Must you stand so close? Well, I don't like people looming over me. I have to get back to work. Thank you for your company, gentlemen. [Garak's shop] (Garak is hard at work at his console when he comes over hot and flushed. The only sound we hear is his heart pounding, Odo enters and speaks, but we and Garak cannot hear him.) I can't breathe. (Garak collapses.) I know. I've been claustrophobic for as long as I can remember, but lately it seems to have gotten worse. Rooms that I once found completely tolerable now suddenly feel alarmingly cramped. Well, I don't feel fine. Would you gentlemen mind terribly if we continued this conversation on the Promenade? [Promenade] A little. I was hoping you'd be kind enough to express my regrets to Starfleet Intelligence. When I get this way, my concentration isn't what it should be. I'm afraid I won't be decoding any transmissions for a while. I wish I could say. Believe me, I'm not happy about this either. I want to see an end to this war just as much as you. And now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go hem some pants. For some reason, sewing seems to calm me down. (Garak leaves.) Ah. You must be Ezri Dax. The Captain told me that you'd be dropping by to counsel me. Oh, it all depends on what it involves. I'm a very private person. Thankfully, yes. Are you claustrophobic too? You just said Really? But why would that make you spacesick? You were piloting? No. But you said it was an accident. So if he's not to blame, then you're not to blame, either. By getting spacesick. Don't take this the wrong way, but it sounds to me as if you're the one that needs to see a counsellor. So you did. If I had been that careless, my father would have left me there to teach me a lesson. He didn't get to be the head of the Obsidian Order without a sense of discipline. He punished me when I misbehaved. What father wouldn't? My second host. He could not bring himself to discipline his children, no matter what they did. But that's another story. How did you say that your father punished you? He'd lock me in a closet. I wasn't trapped. I knew he'd let me out as soon as I learned my lesson. I could be very stubborn. And if we do, our problems will simply disappear? Well, I'll certainly give your advice some thought. To tell the truth, I'm starting to feel a little claustrophobic. If it's all the same to you, I think I'll go back to my sewing. Thank you for stopping by. Let me out! Let me out! [Holosuite - cliff] (Ezri and Garak sit on a ledge, looking out over an ocean.) But it doesn't. It's an illusion. There's a holosuite wall not ten metres in front of us. I can feel it. I can't believe the way I humiliated myself back there. I just wanted to get out. I couldn't breathe. I have to get this situation under control. If I don't, I'm going to be forced to leave the station, and then where will I go? I can't go back to Cardassia. I doubt if I'd be welcome on Bajor. If you don't mind, I'd like to sit here and be alone for a while. I got tired of staring at a fake landscape, pretending I was outside. No, no, no, work is the answer. My father always used to say that people should throw themselves into their work. Do your chores, Elim. I told you to do your chores. Oh, no, no, no. Please, don't start. Spare me your insipid psychobabble. I'm not some quivering neurotic who feels sorry for himself because his daddy wasn't nice. You couldn't begin to understand me. Oh, I'm sure you would. You'd like nothing more than to pry into my personal affairs. Well, I'm not interested in dissecting my childhood. I only want to save my people from the Dominion. I don't need someone to walk in here and hold my hand. I want someone to help me get back to work. And you, my dear, aren't up to this task. I mean, look at you. You're pathetic. A confused child trying to live up to a legacy left by her predecessors. You're not worthy of the name Dax. I knew Jadzia. She was vital, alive. She owned herself. And you? You don't even know who you are. How dare you presume to help me? You can't even help yourself. Now get out of here before I say something unkind. [Shrine] (Distraught Ezri seeks sanctuary, and cries.) [Captain's office] Well, I didn't think you'd darken my doorstep again. So do I. Yes, I'd heard that the Destiny was going to arrive tomorrow. How nice for you. Kalandra? Yes, the transmissions did indicate that it was somewhat vulnerable. That's most gratifying. Yes, of course I'm all right. That's very good news about Kalandra. Oh, indeed they will. But in the end, they'll lose. Because they won't be expecting an attack. Because they have no idea that I broke their code. All those Cardassians are going to die because of me. What other way is there? Saving lives? And what lives would I be saving? Human? Klingon? Romulan? No, not Cardassians. They're going to fight to the bitter end. The Dominion will see to that. Don't you understand? Don't you see? I wanted to believe that I was helping my people, liberating them, but all I've done is to pave the way for their annihilation. I'm a traitor! I've betrayed every (Garak collapses.) Well I'm breathing much better now. You know, when I first agreed to help Starfleet, I was convinced it was the right thing to do. I didn't allow myself to doubt it, even for an instant. I never realised how much it was gnawing at me. I suppose I was looking for a way out and the claustrophobia gave me an excuse to stop fighting my people. Get back to work. What else can I do? The Dominion must be stopped. Even if it does mean the destruction of Cardassia. Well, he has you to thank for it. And so do I. And what about you? Are you still planning to go back to Trill? I'm sure the Captain will be glad to hear that as well. It's quite a nice turnout. Congratulations. Oh, not at all. (Worf raises his tankard to her across the room.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
It's Doctor Bashir, isn't it? Of course it is. May I introduce myself? My name is Garak. Cardassian by birth, obviously. The only one of us left on this station, as a matter of fact, so I do appreciate making new friends whenever I can. You are new to this station, I believe. Ah, you know of me then. What a thoughtful young man. How nice that we've met. You don't say? Doctor, you're not intimating that I'm considered some sort of spy, are you? Ah. An open mind. The essence of intellect. As you may also know, I have a clothing shop nearby, so if you should require any apparel, or merely wish, as I do, for a bit of enjoyable company now and then, I'm at your disposal, Doctor. Oh, it's just Garak. Plain, simple Garak. Now, good day to you, Doctor. I'm so glad to have made such an interesting new friend today. [Ops] Plain and simple. Join me, Doctor. Enhance my evening. As a clothier, I do have a keen interest in what the population is wearing from day to day. Klingons have an odd sense of style, don't you agree? But intriguing. I would say that those two outfits are worth studying closely. Look. (Odo is also at the bar. Tahna enters. The sisters see him and come downstairs, and they all leave.) [Cargo bay] At your service, madam. May I show you our latest fashions? Perhaps some silk lingerie from Kraus Four? I meant no offence. I have few Klingon patrons. So, is there something you wish to buy? I am only a simple clothing merchant. You are in a position to deliver the Bajoran to Cardassian authorities? Ladies, ladies, please. Everything is negotiable. I am no more than what I seem to be, a merchant trying to make the best transaction. So, let us haggle. [Tahna's quarters] Being observant, Doctor. There's a time for levity, my young friend, and a time for genuine concern. The arrival on this station, for instance, of those two Kohn-Ma terrorists. (On the upper Promenade level, Tahna is talking to two men.) I'm not exactly sure. But together, we might have some success at finding out. And once you do have the appropriate answer, I'm sure you'll know what to do with it. Doctor, I think it's time for you to take advantage of my shop. If you'll be there at exactly twenty fifty five hours tonight, I promise to show you a suit that will make you into a new man. Doctor, am I making myself clear? I want you to buy a new suit tonight at twenty fifty five, exactly. Quickly, Doctor, you're late. It's twenty fifty seven. Now just take this and try that on as many times as you like, and stay very, very quiet. Ah, right on time. Welcome. I can now venture to say, with some certainty, that you will receive the agreed-upon payment on delivery. [Garak's shop] And what business might that be? If it requires that those I represent must take extra precautions, it becomes my concern. A rare crystalline element, that can be an incredibly powerful source of energy. Provided, of course, one also has an anti-matter converter. Unfortunately, that's why Cardassians were chasing Tahna Los when he arrived here. He stole one. Quite right, Doctor. He has the ingredients for a bomb. A bomb of significant destructive capability. [Ops]
I feel sorry for the Klingons. They're going to miss a very interesting fight. He's hoping to get them to break formation and so they'll after the Federation fighters. He knows the Jem'Hadar will stand their ground, but the Cardassians just might get angry enough to take the bait. You're getting quite an education. They're taking the bait. We've opened a hole in their lines. Congratulations, Captain. You wanted them angry, they're angry. Wouldn't this be a good time to cloak? Chief, how does that poem end? And half of them have locked targets on us. Then where did they go? I could never figure out why. I guess I never will. [Holding area]
(in Cardassian uniform) But she is. (Bashir and Kira enter through the airlock.) Yes. My name is Garak. This is the Terok Nor station, the centre of authority for the Bajoran sector. The Alliance, of course. Wormhole? Don't take that tone with me, Terran. The mines? But he should die for this. We should make an example of him. He could not have gotten on board that ship without help. This is the third incident in a month. At least allow me to interrogate him. Very, Intendant. [Ore Processing] Quark! You must come with us. Yes. A slight problem. You've been helping Terrans escape from the station. That's not what the Terran we caught this morning told us during his interrogation. I shall miss him. He always let me win at dabo. (A band of mercenaries enter) He's just been arrested. (Garak leaves) He's made a complete confession and implicated two others, who have been arrested. Lovely. I do admire a well-tailored gown. She's never going to let you leave, you know. Can't you tell? She's in love. I arranged the guard. Oh, she trusts you. As much as she trusts anyone. So who better to betray her? True career advancement requires risk. Consider my offer carefully, my dear. She'll never let you go. I will. If you want to leave, you'll assist me. By taking her place. Tomorrow morning, she will be gone. She will be gone. Please, don't make me use some foolish euphemism. You will assume her place as Intendant and announce that your counterpart from the other side has returned to wherever she came from. In a few weeks, you will step down to embark on some spiritual journey, to explore your pagh or whatever, and I will take your place as Intendant. The good Doctor, yes. He'll be taken off the station and treated to as much hospitality as we Cardassians can offer until you resign, and then you can be happily reunited. Oh, but I've made arrangements with his supervisor that if you should decide to decline my offer, tomorrow it will be your doctor friend who will be gone. [Ore Processing] My dear, how breathtaking you look tonight. I do hope you'll save a dance for me later this evening.
Unfortunately business has been a bit slow. For some reason, living under the constant threat of Dominion attack has made people less eager to invest in new clothing. So how was your trip to Klaestron Four? You know, I envy you. When I was younger, travelling was a bit of a passion for me. There are few things in life that compare with the thrill of immersing yourself in the culture of an alien world, meeting the inhabitants, earning their trust. But aside from our brief excursion to Bajor, I don't think I've been off this station in nearly three years. Space is dangerous, Doctor. You never know what might happen. My dear Doctor, you do have a vivid imagination. [Ops] Good evening, Doctor. If you're finished here, I was wondering if you'd like to join me for a late snack. I'm afraid this can't wait until tomorrow. I have very important news about Major Kira. [Ghemor's home] (Kira is searching the living room for something.) Commander, I've already told the good doctor everything I know. This is pointless. Believe me, there's nothing you can do. If my friend is correct, and Major Kira is being held by the Obsidian Order, retrieving her would be impossible. I'm afraid you overestimate my abilities. The three of us? You can't be serious. Commander, if I were allowed on Cardassia, do you really think I'd be living here? Why should I care what the Bajoran government thinks of me? Commander, this is extortion. I'll go along on your fool's errand, but I want one thing to be perfectly clear. I have no intention of sacrificing my life to save yours. If it looks like we're in danger of being captured, if there's any signs of trouble at all, you're on your own. How perceptive of you, Commander. [Ghemor's home] I was merely taking a stroll to stretch my legs. The quarters on this vessel are rather claustrophobic. Commander, I must protest. It's probably just a routine security check. Drop the holo-filter. Do it. I can get us out of this if you let me talk to them. Gul Benil. [Bridge] Very observant of you. Now turn your ships around. This is an Alpha Red priority mission, clearance verification nine two one eight black. By the authority of the Central Command, you are ordered to turn your ships around. Erase all record of this encounter from your logs and talk of it to no one. Is that clear? You were doing your duty. End transmission. Oh, it was just something I overheard while hemming someone's trousers. I suggest that we get away from here as quickly as possible, in case Gul Benil should decide to show some initiative. [Iliana's room] The Major is the least of your problems, Entek. (Sisko throws a bag onto the floor behind Entek.) Do as he says. Now, Entek. (Sisko's bag morphs into Odo.) I got homesick. I think we'd better be going. Major, I don't think I've ever seen you looking so ravishing. Suffice it to say, I still have friends on Cardassia. You will no doubt derive years of enjoyment trying to determine exactly who they are. Treason, like beauty, is in the eye of the beholder. I'd almost forgotten what a pleasure it was to be with my fellow Cardassians. And though I'd like to stay and listen to you bluster, I simply don't have the time. (As the group turns to leaves, Entek draws a concealed weapon. Garak turns and atomises him.) A pity. I rather liked him. [Corridor] (Kira is Bajoran again.)
Certainly. But first, my Regent, I must talk to you about the Intendant. It's taken us over two years to track down that treacherous wench. We should eliminate her and be done with it. Yes. And then we can kill the Intendant. Our visitors from the other universe have arrived, and I'm happy to report they have not come empty handed. (The cloaking device is carried in, followed by Brunt and Ezri, then Quark and Rom.) And it will be so, exalted one. I don't understand. You're letting her go? If the Regent wants your opinion, he'll ask for it. But your magnificence Let's go. I'm afraid it's not yet operational. Well, it's a very complicated piece of equipment. I'd advise you to watch your tone of voice, Ferengi! I'm sorry if I've upset you. Now would you please get back to work. I'll take over from here. (The ship cloaks.) It's working. Well, what I don't know, I always can learn. Not that I can think of. No, he means you're going to die. Come along now. What we have here, gentlemen, is ten cc's of concentrated Ulcartic virus. It's very deadly and quite painful. It elevates the temperature of your body, heating your internal organs until they literally boil. I was hoping to use this on the Intendant, but I suppose I'll have to settle for the four of you. Now, who would like to go first? I'm waiting. All right then, I'll pick. Let's see. Excuse me? I'm not interrogating anyone. Like what? I don't have time for this. I want to be on the bridge when we destroy the Defiant. What secrets? I know all there is to know about sabotage. I don't understand. Is this Garak of yours an assassin or a tailor? Never mind. I have to be back to the bridge. Now, who's first? [Klingon Bridge] What was that? You taught me something about sabotage. Now I'm going to teach you something about pain. (Ezri twists Garak's arm so he hypos himself instead.)
I'm sorry, have we done something wrong? We're new to the city and I'm afraid we're lost. I told you you looked like him. I can't tell you how many times my cousin has been mistaken for that traitor. I don't mean to sound ungrateful, but what are you doing here? But the vote was unanimous. The work disruptions begin tomorrow. The Dominion fleet will be cut off from all ground support. You're too kind. [Bridge] If the Dominion hasn't been able to restore power to the capital, then the entire planet must be in chaos. Just stop dawdling and give them to me. I haven't changed much, have I? That won't be easy. They will have tightened their security. Ironic, isn't it? The saviour of Cardassia a former Bajoran terrorist. I wouldn't count on it. Chop off a snake's head and the body will die. I'll get right on it. If you don't have anything positive to say, Mila. I'm not looking well because I live in a cellar. And what about him? I'm afraid I don't follow you. Who could that be? I don't know. (The door at the top of the stairs opens, then Mila's body tumbles down.) Mila! (He rushes to her as a metal object bounces down the steps.) Does anyone have any last words? How disappointing. It's the Jem'Hadar. They're leveling the city building by building. All during the years of my exile I imagined what it would be like to come home. I even thought of living in this house again with Mila. But now she's dead, and this house is about to be reduced to a pile of rubble. My Cardassia's gone. I have an even better reason, Commander. Revenge. We have a problem. I'm afraid it's a rather large problem. The cargo door is made of neutronium. You see the problem. Isn't it obvious? Here we are, ready to storm the castle, willing to sacrifice our lives in a noble effort to slay the Dominion beast in its lair and we can't even get inside the gate. (Hysterics all round.) As I said, we have a problem. [Dominion briefing room] And us along with you. Fall back, fall back. (The rebels take cover and the fire fight continues.) He's dead. For Cardassia! And order their troops on Cardassia to do the same. Damar's dead. He died trying to free Cardassia. I was hoping you'd say that. Constable. That's a very bad idea, Constable. I'm warning you, Odo. I don't think so. Move aside, Odo. I suggest we secure her in a containment field. And casualty reports still coming in. Well, aren't you going to congratulate me, Doctor? My exile is now officially over. I've returned home. Or rather, to what's left of it. Some may say that we've gotten just what we deserved. After all, we're not entirely innocent, are we? And I'm not just speaking of the Bajoran occupation. No, our whole history is one of arrogant aggression. We've collaborated with the Dominion, betrayed the entire Alpha Quadrant. Oh, no, no. There's no doubt about it. We're guilty as charged. Please, Doctor. Spare me your insufferable Federation optimism. Of course it will survive, but as not the Cardassia I knew. We had a rich and ancient culture. Our literature, music, art were second to none. And now, so much of it is lost. So many of our best people, our most gifted minds. Oh, it's quite all right, Doctor. You've been such a good friend. I'm going to miss our lunches together. I'd like to think so, but one can never say. We live in uncertain times. [Wardroom] (The surrender documents are being signed.)
Yes, it was quite effective. (But Garak is watching Ziyal, not the match.) Oh, I thought the whole point was to watch. What does she expect? She's the only Cardassian woman on this station. She must know she's bound to attract some attention. (Kira ends up in the wall this time.) Perhaps I should say hello after the game. I simply thought it would be polite to say hello. But clearly, you think I'm incapable of conducting any kind of pleasant discourse without some kind of nefarious ulterior motive. Yes! Well played! Brava, Major! A brilliant move on the part of the Major. You should have been paying attention. [Sisko's quarters] (Dinner is being cooked. It's green.) You're not going to hurt me, are you? Normally I would simply make a strategic withdrawal at the first sign of trouble, but there doesn't seem to be a way out of here. Oh, true. But it would take them a few minutes to arrive, and by then it might be too late. I'm gratified to hear that. And you, my dear, have nothing to fear from me. [Cargo bay] Hello. Yes. Thank you. How kind. Is there something I can do for you? Yes? Oh. I see. When were you thinking of? I'd be delighted. I look forward to it. [Sisko's quarters] Such as? Oh, make them look good. And all this time I thought you wanted me to try to make them look bad. I wish you'd said that before. It's so much simpler when the customer explains what he wants. Of course, Major. Excuse me. Now, what can I do for you, Major? (Kira slams Garak into the wall) I can assure you, Major, I have As Tabalian glass. It's not a date. And how do you know about that? I was going to cancel. I've had visions of Ziyal presenting my head to her father as a birthday gift. Paranoid is what they call people who imagine threats against their life. I have threats against my life. But after my little chat with Major Kira, I feel much better. Isn't it obvious? If Ziyal planned to kill me, Kira would not be trying to warn me away. On the contrary, the good Major would also welcome my untimely demise, and do nothing to interfere. What do you mean? Of course. What? Oh. [Bridge] Hello. Yes. It's quite pleasant. Not just yet. I have a question I'd like answered first. Why am I here? Why am I here? Am I to believe that you've invited the sworn enemy of your father simply to enjoy the heat? Although I seldom credit the Major or your father with being entirely trustworthy, in this case they're both telling the truth. Well, it seems I won't be needing this anymore. (He puts his weapon down by the door, goes to the rocks and lies down.) So, what shall we talk about first? [Cargo bay]
But I'm sorry, Doctor, I just don't see the value of this man's work. I knew Brutus was going to kill Caesar in the first act, but Caesar didn't figure it out until the knife is in his back. Tragedy is not the word I'd use. Farce would be more appropriate. Supposedly, this man is supposed to be the leader of a great empire, a brilliant military tactician, and yet he can't see what's going on under his own nose. Doctor, are you in a hurry? Oh, you're fortunate. I have more time on my hands than I know what to do with. Tomorrow. You're going to give yourself indigestion. This isn't the first time I've seen you rush through a meal. You never take the time to savour your food. It seems to be a human characteristic. Look over there. That Talarian is barely halfway through his meal, but his human companion's plate is empty. But it is a very interesting sociological phenomenon, don't you think? For generations now, humankind has had more than enough food and yet you go about your eating as if you were afraid someone was going to come along and snatch away your plate. Fear of starvation amid plenty. It points to some dark secret hidden in the human soul. A gnawing hunger. perhaps someone should do a study. Doctor, if you want to have your dessert, please go ahead. I won't be offended. No, no, I'm done as well. If you really must know, I've been nibbling on Delavian chocolates all morning. [Promenade - upper level] I promised my supplier I wouldn't tell, but since I deprived you of your dessert, I'd be more than happy to bring some by the Infirmary later this afternoon. Until then, Doctor. As well as could be expected. But I'm afraid your pants won't be ready tomorrow after all. (After the opening titles, CSI DS9 aka O'Brien and his tricorder is at work.) But who would want to kill me, a simple tailor? The Obsidian Order? Constable, you shouldn't put too much stock in the good doctor's flights of fancy. Are you sure this explosion wasn't an accident, because I can't think of anyone who would wish me harm. Well, let me see. I mean, there's the Nausicaan whose wedding suit I misplaced, and that Yridian I owe money to. And of course, there's always Major Kira. I'm being serious. I don't think she likes me. You do have a point. I seriously doubt the Finance Ministry would try to have me killed for failure to pay my taxes. Do you think I would lie about a thing like that? It's not something I'm proud of. I've told you everything I can think of. I certainly will. A study? Why is it no one ever believes me, even when I'm telling the truth? No. Clever lad. A charming story. Well that's a little graphic for children, wouldn't you say? Are you sure that's the point, Doctor? That you should never tell the same lie twice. [Security office] You wanted to see me? To see if I recognise anyone who might wish me harm? Don't worry about me, Constable. I can manage on my own. What makes you think I haven't already looked through them? I'm joking, of course. No, I'm afraid I don't recognise any of these names. This could take forever. In this case a Cardassian. Me. I was wondering when you'd get here. The Flaxian left two minutes ago. If we're going to follow him, we'd better get moving. I happen to know that you're too dogged an investigator to allow the only witness in this case to simply disappear. I intend to go with you. I'm quite serious. Believe me, when someone tries to kill you it's no laughing matter. My presence could be most helpful, especially if the Flaxian goes into Cardassian space. I hate to interrupt you, but the Flaxian is getting farther away. Now I assume you've placed a tracking device on his ship, but if we don't get started soon he's going to get out of range. Trust me, Constable. I can be a most pleasant travelling companion. And this promises to be an interesting trip. (The runabout leaves the station.) If I'm reading this correctly, and I'm no expert, it looks like the Flaxian ship is about to go into warp. (KaBOOM) I have no idea. The truth is usually just an excuse for a lack of imagination. If you want to know what the Romulans have against me, you'll have to ask them. They're all dead? Oh, quite the contrary. In fact, if these were different circumstances I'd be celebrating tonight. Oh, yes. We were quite well acquainted. Oh, Constable, we've been down this road before. I don't see why you Dragged you in? I don't know what you're talking Yes, Constable, it is. I'm surprised that you could come this unlikely conclusion. That seems like a very elaborate way to get you involved. If I needed your help I could have just asked. Well, I admit watching it burn wasn't exactly tragic. We were all associates of Enabran Tain. He retired some years ago. He was, I might add, the only head of the agency ever to live long enough to do so. For some time, we were his most trusted advisors. I don't know. But Tain might. That is a distinct possibility. May I use your communications system? Yes, I thought you might appreciate it on an aesthetic level. Ah, here we are. (An old Cardassian woman appears on the wall monitor.) Mila. I need to speak to Tain. It's urgent. Where is he? If you speak to him, tell him to contact me. I promise. (Transmission ends.) I'll need a runabout, Constable. So do I. Like what? Actually, Doctor, there is something. If you go into my quarters and examine the bulkhead next to the replicator, you'll notice there's a false panel. Behind that panel is a compartment containing an isolinear rod. If I'm not back within seventy eight hours, I want you to take that rod and eat it. Yes, Doctor, I am. I thought so. The answer to your question, Doctor, is no. There's nothing you can do for me while I'm away. Delavian chocolates. But these were meant for you. Thank you. Head for the Cardassian border. We're going to the third planet of the Unefra system. I don't, but he has a safe house there that no one's supposed to know about it. Especially me. She's been Tain's housekeeper and confidant for over thirty years. Is it so hard to believe that there's one person in this galaxy who could regard me with a certain affection? You could say that. Tain was directly responsible for my exile from Cardassia. Why I would be risking my life to help him? Yes, I can see how that would be puzzling. A logical deduction. I see why you're the constable. Ah, now you've just moved from deduction to supposition. Are you trying to say that I have no sense of honour? Yes. A very interesting analysis. Very interesting. Particularly coming from you. It's been my observation that you always act from a sense of justice, or at least what you consider justice. There's no feeling behind what you do, no emotion beyond a certain distaste for loose ends and disorder. You don't know what it means to care about someone, do you? People are just interesting creatures to be studied and analysed. Only that I find it interesting that you ascribe feelings and motivations to me that you know nothing about. Or am I wrong? Tell me, is there one person in this universe you do care for? One person who's more than just an interesting puzzle to be solved. Is there, Odo? Anyone? And that would be a wise decision. (Garak heads into the back. Time has passed and he's back with a drink from the replicator.) What's that? In Cardassian space? I can't pull away. The tractor lock is too strong. Do you think you got through? I think we're about to find out. [Warbird Ready room] Tain. A minor example of my work, yes. Well you always did have a keen sense of fashion, but you seem to have let it go along with your once trim figure. I had the same thought myself. But then, those days are long gone. At least they are for me. You, on the other hand, seem to have left your retirement far behind. Unless you're simply on a pleasure cruise with your pointed-eared friends. A daring plan. I didn't think there was anyone in the Central Command bold enough to take on the Dominion. You'll forgive me if I reduce the scope of this conversation to something a little more personal, but why was it necessary to kill me and the rest of our former colleagues, in order to embark on this excursion into the Gamma Quadrant? And you were afraid we knew things, things that could be used against you, and so you decided to have us eliminated. You always used to say as well that the Tal Shiar was sloppy. You never should have relied on them to burn your bridges. Actually, I blew up my shop. It was a way of piquing the interest of the good constable. I never betrayed you! At least, not in my heart. Why do you think I'm here? I came because I thought the Romulans were trying to kill you. I came here to save you. Excuse me? Just like that? Aren't you concerned that I might warn Central Command and Starfleet about your plans? Join you? Well you'll pardon me if I appear a little startled, but are you saying that all is forgiven? Yes, he is. But it doesn't matter. I'm back. (Garak and Tain shake hands.) To be continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
This is a momentous occasion. It's not every day I embark on a journey to liberate my homeworld. There's method to their madness. They're inflicting considerable damage on the Klingons. Captain, I've just noticed something odd about those platforms. Not one of them seem to have a power generator on board. We'd have to fool the platforms' targeting systems into thinking the generator's an enemy ship.
Cardassia. It's as beautiful as I remembered. I'll handle it. We've been cleared for standard orbit. How did they know? (A Cardassian and a Vorta enter.) I don't think they're up there anymore. I think I know someone who might take us in. That is, if we can get to the capital. I do apologise for the intrusion, but you're the only person on Cardassia I could trust. It's smaller than I remember. (lights) I grew up in this house. Did I mention that? He was unable to acknowledge it publicly because he was head of the Obsidian Order. Mila was our housekeeper and most trusted confidante. If it's not too much of an imposition. Mila. Thank you. I promise we won't stay long. The glamour of being a revolutionary. [Infirmary] With a signal that strong the Dominion would trace our location in a matter of seconds. Who? How glad they are that we're dead? You never told me you had a secret mountain hideaway. Then we might have a revolution on our hands. But I showed it to you on the way in. Ah. Yes. I can explain that. I don't know why you're making such a fuss over this. I have a busy repair schedule and I can't stand here all night arguing with And how long will that be? Freedom!
There is nothing else. I've shown you one hundred and fifty three different wedding dresses, from Tellarite modern to Risian traditional, and you've hated them all. Well, at least they agree on something. My dear, I find your blind adoration both flattering and disturbing, but she does have a point. I don't think I'd be very welcome on Bajor. My dear, you're half-Bajoran, so at least half of you is going to be accepted. I'm sure that Major Kira's friends will take good care of you. Well, let me tell you a story. I once knew a Cardassian, a dashing, handsome young man with a promising career. But one day, through no fault of his own, he found himself exiled and alone, with nowhere to turn. But did he give up? No. He struck upon a brilliant plan. Rather than fleeing for the rest of his life, he sought shelter in the one place no one expected him to go. In a stronghold of his people's most hated enemies. There, surrounded by hostile strangers, he built a life, and there, against all odds, against the merciless logic of the Universe itself, he thrived. And the moral of the story, my dear, is to never underestimate my gift for survival. (They kiss, then she joins the rest of the Bajorans going through the airlock.) [Wardroom] (It's the wedding day, and the happy couple are both in their normal clothes. Quark, Nog and an emotional dabo girl are the witnesses.) I must say, Constable, I admire your composure. You're an island of tranquility in a sea of chaos. I'm not feeling too terribly useful myself at this moment, but if it'd make you feel any better, you could always deputise me. It's ironic. When the Klingons attacked the station, Gul Dukat and I were fighting side by side. At one point he turned his back to me, and I must to admit that, for a moment, he made a very tempting target. Well, it's the safest way, isn't it? But then I thought, 'oh, no, I can't fight all these Klingons by myself.' So I let him live. Ah, my dear Constable, before this day is over everyone on this station is going to regret it. [Corridor] I'd like to come along, if you don't mind. You never know when you might need a good tailor. And the simple fact is, I have nowhere else to go.
What a waste of a morning. That Galipotan freighter that was scheduled to be here at oh seven hundred still hasn't arrived. Oh well, that's the price of doing business with a culture that refuses to even acknowledge the concept of time. Though I must say, they make magnificent sweaters. I hope I'm not boring you, Doctor. Entertaining one of your lady friends? Isn't it superb? Without a doubt the finest Cardassian novel ever written. So you didn't enjoy it? Oh, wonderful. At this rate, we'll be done eating lunch just in time for dinner. True, but I'm really not in the mood for noisy, crowded and vulgar today. I can't believe that I'm having lunch with a man who thinks The Never-Ending Sacrifice is dull. But that's exactly the point, Doctor. The repetitive epic is the most elegant form of Cardassian literature, and The Never-Ending Sacrifice is it's greatest achievement. A Federation viewpoint if ever I heard one. This is ridiculous. Can't you just move to the front of the line? Tell them it's a medical emergency or something. It would only be a waste of time. When it comes to art, you're obviously a prisoner of Federation dogma and human prejudice. I'm fine. I assure you, I'm in perfect health. Now, you were asking about other Cardassian books. Something maybe a little more accessible (more pain) Doctor, what do you think you're doing? That won't be necessary. Frankly, Doctor, I'm a little tired of humouring you. There's nothing wrong with me that a little peace and privacy wouldn't cure. Now if you'll excuse me, I seem to have lost my appetite. So I take it we understand each other? Too long. I have never done business with you until now. Soon, Quark I. can't wait much longer. (Garak leaves and Bashir comes down the internal stairs.) On the contrary. Anyone who talks about the numbing effects of your liquor is severely overstating the case. Doctor, what a pleasant surprise. I apologise for my outburst at lunch, but I promise I'll make it up to you. Please, join me. By all means. (Quark takes hold of the bottle.) What are you doing? An excellent idea. We'll go to my quarters. The Infirmary? My dear Doctor, what kind of fool do you take me for? Now give me back my bottle. Give me my bottle! (Bashir holds it behind his back and Quark neatly takes it off him) I'm not going to the Infirmary and I refuse to play this ridiculous game. Now give me, give me (Garak collapses in pain) Make it stop. Make it stop. Ah, Doctor, what a pleasant surprise. I'm sorry, I must've missed the door chime. (Bashir snatches the hypo from Garak.) A mere thirty cc's. Not nearly enough, I'm afraid. We Cardassians must be made of sterner stuff. I barely feel it. I don't think so. Believe me when I tell you there's nothing you can do for me. I thought I was supposed to be the spy. How do you know? Really? That's most distressing, but I suppose, not all that surprising. Ah, well. Maybe it's for the best. My hypospray, if you please. Thank you for your concern, Doctor, but I'd rather have the hypospray. I doubt you can. I think you'll find that I'm experiencing some slight deterioration of my cranial nerve cluster. My dear Doctor, I have no intention of putting myself on display for the amusement of the Bajoran inhabitants of this station. You know about that, do you? Punishment device? I suppose in a way that's what it's become. It's hopeless, Doctor. Believe me, it can't be removed. That's the whole point. If it could be easily removed, it would be useless. You see, on Cardassia I was entrusted with certain information. Information that needed to be kept safe regardless of the situation. My implant was given to me by Enabran Tain himself, the head of the Obsidian Order. If I was ever tortured, it was designed to stimulate the pleasure centres of my brain to trigger the production of vast amounts of natural endorphins. I do hope you appreciate the irony, Doctor. The sole purpose of the implant was to make me immune to pain. It was never meant for continuous use. Living on this station is torture for me, Doctor. The temperature is always too cold, the lights always too bright. Every Bajoran on the station looks at me with loathing and contempt. So one day I decided I couldn't live with it anymore, and I took the pain away. I created a device which allowed me to trigger the implant whenever I wanted. At first, I only used it a few minutes a day, but I began relying on it more and more until finally I just turned it on and never shut it off. Two years. That's correct. It's too late, now. My body has become completely dependent on the higher endorphin levels generated by the implant. Them, Doctor? Doctor, did anyone ever tell you that you are an infuriating pest? Has it ever occurred to you that I might be getting exactly what I deserve? Oh, please, Doctor. I'm suffering enough without having to listen to your smug Federation sympathy. Do you think because we have lunch together once a week, you know me? You couldn't even begin to fathom what I'm capable of. Wrong again. You need to know who you're trying to save. During the occupation, I was a Gul in the Cardassian Mechanised Infantry. We were stationed just outside the Bajoran Capital. Shortly before the withdrawal, a handful of Bajoran prisoners escaped from my custody. My aide, a man named Elim, tracked them to a Cardassian shuttle about to depart for Terok Nor. Elim got aboard, but the captain refused to let him search the ship, because he claimed he was under strict orders from Gul Dukat to depart immediately. So I had the shuttle destroyed, killing the escapees, Elim, and ninety seven Cardassian civilians. I followed my orders. None of those prisoners escaped off of Bajor alive. Unfortunately as it turned out, one of the passengers on the shuttle was the daughter of a prominent military official. I was stripped of my rank and commission, and exiled from Cardassia. So now you know, Doctor. I hope I haven't shattered too many of your illusions. The desk, second drawer. (Later, Garak is on a bed with the device on his head and a medic present.) Leave me alone. Don't touch me. I don't want to be calm, Doctor. I've been calm long enough. Look at this place. It's pathetic. To think that this is what my life has been reduced to. This sterile shell, this prison. (Garak smashes a flower vase) Ridiculous. I feel more clear-headed than I have in the past two years. Two years. What a waste these past two years have been. (Garak overturns a table) There was a time, Doctor, oh there was a time when I was a power. The protégé of Enabran Tain himself. Do you have any idea what that means? No, you don't, do you. You don't know much of anything. Tain was the Obsidian Order. Not even the Central Command dared challenge him. And I was his right hand. My future was limitless until I threw it away. Stop them? I only wish that I had stopped them. No, Doctor, my disgrace was worse than that. Unimaginably worse. I let them go. It was the eve of the Cardassian withdrawal. Elim and I were interrogating five Bajorans. They were children, Doctor. None of them were older than fourteen years old. They knew nothing. They lived in bombed-out rooms, scrounged for food on the streets. They were filthy and they stank. The room was freezing cold, the air was like ice, and suddenly the whole exercise seemed utterly meaningless. All I wanted was a hot bath and a good meal. So I let them go. I gave them whatever latinum I had in my pockets, and opened the door, and flung them back into the street. Elim couldn't believe his eyes. He looked at me as if I were insane. No! I was a fool! I should've finished the interrogation and turned them over to the troops for execution. But because I was chilly and my stomach was growling, I failed in my duty and destroyed everything I had worked for. That's right. And left me to live out my days with nothing to look forward to but having lunch with you. I did. And that's the worst part. I can't believe that I actually enjoyed eating mediocre food and staring into at your smug, sanctimonious face. I hate this place and I hate you. Get away from me. No. I won't allow it. I never want that thing turned on again. You've done enough, Doctor. More than I deserve. There's something you have to know. The truth. Don't give up on me now, Doctor. Patience has its rewards. Now listen carefully. Elim wasn't my aide. He was my friend. We grew up together. We were closer than brothers. For some reason, Enabran Tain took a liking to us. Before long, we were both powerful men in the Obsidian Order. They called us the Sons of Tain. Even the Guls feared us. And then there was a scandal. Someone in the Order was accused of letting some Bajoran prisoners escape. There were constant rumours of who was going to be implicated. Fingers were being pointed at me. By then Tain had retired to the Arawath Colony. He couldn't protect me, so I panicked. I did everything in my power to make sure that Elim was accused instead of me. I altered records, planted evidence, only to discover that he'd beaten me to it. Elim destroyed me. Before I knew what was going on, I was sentenced to exile. And the irony is, I deserved it. Oh, not for the reasons they claimed, but because of what I had tried to do to Elim, my best friend. So that you can forgive me. Why else? I need to know that someone forgives me. Thank you, Doctor. That's most kind. May I join you? Thank you. Out of the question. I couldn't stand being cooped up in that dreadful infirmary for another second. Besides, I feel perfectly fine. So, how's the I'danian spice pudding today? I for one, Doctor, am perfectly satisfied with the way things turned out. And I see no need to dwell on what was doubtlessly a difficult time for both of us. By the way, I just had the most interesting conversation with Constable Odo. It seems he's under the impression that I was a member of the Obsidian Order. That he was mistaken, of course. He said something about keeping a closer eye on me in the future. I told him to be my guest, I have nothing to hide. Here. I've brought you something. (A memory stick) Meditations on a Crimson Shadow by Preloc. I think you'll find this one more to your tastes. It takes place in the future during a time when Cardassia and the Klingon Empire are at war. Who do you think? I've given you all the answers I'm capable of. My dear Doctor, they're all true. Especially the lies. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
He's provided us with his location and has requested assistance as soon as possible. There is one other thing. Damar expressed concern when I told him that Colonel Kira would be leading this mission. He's certainly willing to do that. He knows the value of your skills. Damar is concerned that his men will see your uniform as an affront. We Cardassians are a proud people. Losing Bajor to a ragtag band of terrorists, no offence, was a humiliation. Simply put, taking on a Bajoran officer as an advisor would undermine his authority. You realise you're going to have to do something about your uniform as well? It's a little drab. Ah, well, it should put them at ease, anyway. I wonder if Doctor Bashir could help us with that nose of yours? Oh, they'll tolerate you, to a point. If I were you, I'd watch my back. I'll see you in the morning. [Damar's base] (On a drab brown planet, the underground has gone underground, literally.) I'd better scan for enemy patrols. [Winn's office] (Dukat sneaks into the dark, empty room to have a look at the Kosst Amojan. He's got the key from her somehow.) How nice. And now that the formalities are over with, let's try to remember that our enemy is the Dominion, and not each other. The Obsidian Order worked the same way. I believe that's where I step in. [Infirmary] I wouldn't recommend it. Maybe. I just don't think it's a proper subject for discussion, not if we're all supposed to be getting along. Just as I said. Odo's right, Commander. You don't know how lucky you are. She would have killed you.
Bearing three one zero mark two one five. Still closing. The Jem'Hadar ships are entering weapons' range. (Boom!) Just a moment. Oh, no. Hold on! (They are falling through the atmosphere of a planet.) [Shoreline] (There be Jem'Hadar here on a cliff above a sandy beach.) Cadet, this is no time to lie down on the job. (Further along, a raft full of supplies and injured Trill is being dragged ashore.) Lucky for you, it ripped on the seam. Unlucky for you, my sewing kit went down with the ship. What are you doing? You know precisely what I mean. You're deliberately staying behind me and I want to know why. Does this have anything to do with that unfortunate business between you and me last year? There were extenuating circumstances. Cadet, there may be hope for you yet. (A few steps on, Garak's tricorder beeps.) I'm not sure but (Three Jem'Hadar unshroud.) Now I'm sure. [Jem'Hadar cavern] Shut up. As I tried to explain to your men, my name is Kamar and I'm a member of the Cardassian Intelligence Bureau, what used to called the Obsidian Order. A week ago, as I was performing my duties in the glorious service of the Founders, I was captured by the USS Centaur. I was held aboard one of their shuttles when we were forced Ah. I was hoping you weren't going to ask me about that. Yes. Now don't get too far ahead, Nog. We don't want to startle anyone. Ah, good afternoon, Captain. Doctor. Perfect. How are you? That is the point. In case, you've forgotten we're in a war. Correction. Humans have rules in war. Rules that tend to make victory a little harder to achieve, in my opinion.
Ah, yes, Romulus. How well I remember it. You'll find the predominant colour to be grey. The buildings, the clothes, the people. Did you know that the Romulan heart itself is grey? It's true. And altogether appropriate for such an unimaginative race. It was one of the few instances where my cover was more enjoyable than the actual assignment. [Replimat] I'm afraid I can't talk about that. Back to the subject at hand. What will your role be at this conference? How dull. I see. I trust that Starfleet Intelligence will be sending someone along to make good use of this opportunity. Isn't it obvious? This is a golden opportunity to gather intelligence on Romulan intentions and military capabilities. The eternal optimist. How sad. I must tell you I'm disappointed hearing you mouthing the usual platitudes of peace and friendship regarding an implacable foe like the Romulans. But, I live in hope that one day you'll come to see this universe for what it truly is, rather than what you'd wish it to be. If only you meant it. [Bashir's bedroom] (Bashir wakes suddenly)
I have no idea. Dragged you in? I don't know what you're talking In Cardassian space? Yes, he is. But it doesn't matter. I'm back. (Garak and Tain shake hands.) And now the conclusion. [Replimat] (O'Brien is eating his soup heartily whilst Bashir holds forth on a topic of 'conversation'.) BASHIR I mean, if you ask me, modern theatre has been on the decline since the late twenty third century. Just look at the plays to have come out of Earth in the last fifty years and compare them to the works of Willemheld, or Barton or Chow-yun. (O'Brien points at something on Bashir's untouched plate.) I remember wanting to invent charges of treason against him just so I wouldn't have to hear his voice again. Oh, I learned from the best. I never even touched him. Four. I was good, wasn't I? I've missed you too, Enabran. So whatever happened to Doctor Parmak? Oh, there are a number of people I intend to look up when we get back. For instance, do you remember a Gul named Dukat? The thought had crossed my mind. I'll make up a list and give it to Mila. Still, it would be a shame to have her killed. She's proven that she can be trusted on numerous occasions, and you'd be hard put to find a better housekeeper. Not at all. Just an observation. If you're looking for an excuse to spare the life of your own housekeeper, you don't need me to provide you with one. You can do it out of the kindness of your heart. I was. Direct, isn't he? Warp six? That's a bit slow, isn't it? Something wrong with your engines? Very clever. That may prove difficult. He can be quite stubborn. Well, Odo. I trust the accommodations meet with your approval? You have to admit, it's certainly better than a prison cell. I see your point. And believe me, if it were my decision, things would be Why, Constable, you seem positively disappointed in me. Well, I suppose it's understandable. After all, I did pledge my undying devotion and eternal allegiance to both you and the Federation. And you and I have been through so much together, shared many experiences, and I know you considered me a close friend. No wonder you feel betrayed. Justify? I don't need to justify anything to you. You are imaginative, Constable, I'll grant you that. But I would suggest that you put those creative powers to better use. We would like you to share your unique insights on the Founders. We would be grateful, most grateful, for any information you could provide. Oh, really, Odo. You really must stop reading those human crime novels Chief O'Brien gives you. It's poisoning your thinking. I'm not here to threaten you. I just want to talk. Surely you can see that we share a common enemy, the Founders. By cooperating, you'll be helping us provide security for the entire Alpha Quadrant. I suggest that you think over what I've said, Constable. That should more than take care of the Founders. Anything he knows about the Founders and their planet was undoubtedly included in his report to Starfleet. The constable is remarkably thorough in these matters. Then you should also remember the pride I took in my work. I don't think that interrogating someone who can alter their form at will is likely to provide either amusement or information. No. This has nothing to do with my friends or my feelings. I simply don't believe he has the information you want. No. I brought Odo here. He's my prisoner and my responsibility. Yes, I do. And I think we both know that you won't trust me until I do. I realise it must be nearly time for you to return to your liquid state, so I thought I'd bring you something to relax in. But before you go for a swim, I have a few questions I'd like to ask you. Well I had hoped a few hours alone might jog your memory but I can see I'm going to have to take some steps I'd hoped to avoid. You do have a certain flair for sarcasm. It's one of the things I like about you. (Garak switches the Contraption on.) You can go now. (The Romulans leave.) Yes, under normal circumstances, you would pose quite a threat to me. You could turn yourself into a Vicarian razorback or stretch out your arms and strangle me from across the room. But not this time. Because that device is emitting a quantum stasis field designed to prevent any changeling from altering his biomolecular structure. (Odo checks this statement by flexing his hands and flinging them as if they should stretch.) Yes, it must be very disconcerting for you to be locked into a humanoid form. Especially now. I'm sure you were looking forward to returning to your liquid state. Tell me, what will happen if you can't revert to a liquid? An honest answer. But it's probably safe to say that it won't be pleasant. I wish I could believe that. Because you and I are so alike. We both value our privacy, our secrets. That's why I know there's something about the Founders you haven't told anyone. Something you didn't even share with Starfleet and Commander Sisko, hmm? But you are going to tell me, Odo. Well, perhaps something will come to you. I can wait. The question is, can you? [Bridge] (Kira gets up and starts to head for the door.) There's no pleasure in this for me, Constable, I assure you. I am simply doing my job. Odo, just tell me what I need to know and this will end. That's right. And you have information that I need. Information that it's my duty to extract from you. It's not personal. Odo, talk to me. Tell me something. Anything! Lie if you have to, but say it now. Please. And you will, I promise. As soon as this is all over, I promise I'll take you back to Deep Space Nine. The Founders? You want to return to the Founders? I thought you turned your back on them. I knew there was something, a secret you were holding back. Nothing. He never broke. On the other hand, he is a member of the Bajoran militia and an officer on Deep Space Nine. We may not wish to provoke the Federation by killing him. Can I do something for you, Colonel? I wasn't trying to protect him. And as I recall, you thought it was a good idea to keep him alive as well. Tell me, what else am I feeling? I've never been psychoanalysed by a Romulan before. This is a fascinating experience. The Founders. They're using an automated transponder to send back false sensor readings. The planet's deserted. It's a trap. They've been waiting for us all along. (Battle is joined. A Cardassian ship goes KaBOOM!) The Jem'Hadar will destroy every ship if we stay. Our only hope is to return to the Alpha Quadrant. I'm afraid the fault, dear Tain, is not in our stars but in ourselves. Just something I learned from Doctor Bashir. No, it's not, but I suggest we make our way to the runabout. You are one of the Founders? The runabout is that way. Two decks down. Section twenty five. Wait for me there. To the Bridge, to get Tain. I know it's difficult for you to understand, Constable, but I still owe him a personal debt and I have to try to repay it. Wait for us as long as you can. [Warbird Bridge] (It's a total wreck.) Tain, we have to go! Yes, there was an informant. You're right. Colonel Lovok is a changeling. Yes, but that's something we can discuss it at another time. Right now we have to Yes, I do. But now we have to go! I can't just leave you here. Enabran! (Odo knocks Garak out) You can be very persuasive on occasion, Constable. But in the future I hope you'll consider using gentler language. Aft shields down to fifty percent. More speed would be advisable. Shields down to thirty percent. Shields down to fifteen percent. The shields are gone. Odo, I hope that you will accept my sincere apologies for all this. Nevertheless. Thank you. It is. But it did save my life. [Bridge] (Consoles exploding.) Me? For what? I consider the entire conversation as something best forgotten. Oh? Unfortunately I don't think Commander Sisko will approve of such an interesting facility on the Promenade. Do you know what the sad part is, Odo? I'm a very good tailor. Why, Constable, I thought you didn't eat.
Ah, there you are. I'd just about given up hope, Doctor. I would think that all those lunches we've shared would've entitled me to preferential treatment. Well, if you're trying to cheer me up, it's working. I feel better already. I was studying some star charts for Captain Sisko during the last assault when I had a sudden and rather violent encounter with a bulkhead. I wish I shared your confidence. I'm sure my head will heal, but the way this war is going I wouldn't bet on any of us living to a ripe old age. Let me guess. You've used that genetically enhanced brain of yours to calculate our chances of survival. I'm really not interested, Doctor. Ever since it's become public knowledge that you're genetically engineered, you've used every opportunity to show off. Well, what are our chances? Over fifty percent? I'm sorry I asked. You're certain about that figure? Not really. Genetically engineered, indeed. Well look at you. You act as if you haven't a care in the world. It's exactly that kind of smug, superior attitude that makes people like you so unpopular. A thirty two point seven percent chance of survival. I call that insulting. No, it's strictly a matter of our lives. You're not genetically engineered. You're a Vulcan. Not so boyish anymore, Doctor. [Mess hall] Not quite. Well, it's been known to happen. Captain, may I make a suggestion? We saw Dukat wearing one of these headsets during the attack on Deep Space Nine. Perhaps Cardassian physiology is more compatible. I suppose I am. This ship is equipped with two of them. If I wore one, then you wouldn't have to. At least, not all the time. It's like having a viewscreen inside your brain. I see it. (BOOM) Perhaps we should consider returning fire. Well, you tell them, not us. (BOOM) The question is, do we know what we're doing? Nice work, Chief. The ship ahead just transmitted a message to the asteroid storage facility. They're requesting to be resupplied with ketracel-white. The ship beamed down a hundred and ten empty canisters. Mow the storage facility is beaming up a hundred and ten full ones. The other ship is leaving orbit. I've asked for eighty four canisters of ketracel-white. Excellent. They're acknowledging my request. (Our ship moves into delivery range.) I've acknowledged receipt and requested clearance for departure. Captain, I think we have a problem. They've just raised the security net. They're not responding. Captain, they're responding. They're ordering us to stand by. They're not saying. Well that won't do us much good. Of course it does. They think alike. Well, not quite according to plan, but I'm sure Starfleet will be quite satisfied with the results. Forgive my ignorance, but if we don't have warp drive, how long is it going to take us to reach the closest Federation starbase? How long?
If I'd known what I was walking into, I never would have gone. I thought the Bajorans would be grateful to hear someone provide them with an opposing philosophical view. My understanding of this conference was that it was supposed to be an examination of the occupation from a dispassionate historical perspective. Instead, everyone went out of their way to dismiss virtually everything I had to say. Giving me a name tag that read, 'Elim Garak, former Cardassian oppressor' was hardly polite. What I would have liked was less posturing and more debate. It's clear to me now that the Bajorans aren't really interested in discovering historical truth as much as they are in promoting the myths and legends of the glorious Resistance. Yes, it seems you have quite a fan club on Bajor. I half expected you to be signing autographs at the end. I couldn't agree more. (They help Odo to his feet and set off along the Promenade.) No, it's more than that. Our clothes have changed. Then I should be getting some attention as well. We are in the Bajoran sector, and Cardassians weren't exactly welcome here. The clothes we're wearing are Bajoran. They're treating us like Bajorans. But then why are we still seeing each other as we really are instead of as Bajorans? No, not a sound. More like a strong vibration Then I suggest we go directly to the authorities and explain our situation. I have knowledge of certain security codes that would be sufficient to prove that I am in fact a Cardassian, even if their eyes say otherwise. I could always say I'm an undercover operative posing as a Bajoran and You should. It was your predecessor. Perhaps there's been some misunderstanding. If I may be so bold, you may find something which will bring you infinitely more profit than the arrest of a Bajoran woman. Two strips. Ah. But our friend is still in your custody. (Dukat is watching so the soldier hits Garak, making his nose bleed.) But before we can help Commander Dax, we need to find out who we are in this reality. What about a Cardassian comp-link? I took the liberty of borrowing this from the gentlemen who thought my nose needed adjustment. It's only a hobby. Yes, isn't it? And if my nose didn't hurt so much, I'd tell you with a fascinating story about how I came to possess it. Ah, yes. Captain, you are actually a Bajoran electronics engineer. You're thirty eight years old, you have no criminal record, your family resides in Rakantha province and your name is Ishan Chaye. Lucky me. I'm an artist. I'm fifty five, I've been arrested three times for disturbing the peace. I must be incorrigible. I also reside in Rakantha and my name is Jillur Gueta. Ah, yes. His profession is That's right. I never knew we were such messy conquerors. I remember the occupation being a little more tidy than this. The Bajorans were much more suited for this sort of thing than we were. Servile work is in their nature. There are exceptions to every rule. (Odo sees three Bajorans with chest wounds walk along the Promenade.) If we're them Something's wrong. Thrax talked about a Captain Livara. Livara wasn't just another smuggler. He was a Romulan spy and he didn't begin working in this sector until seven years ago. But seven years ago, Thrax wasn't on Terok Nor, you were, Odo. Odd contradiction. So I checked the date. This is seven years ago. Thrax shouldn't be here. You should be the Security Chief. Well, you'll get no argument from me. But how? The Bajorans never did have a sense of style. Turn the vase over and the resistance appears. Not under my nose, Captain. Under his. (Dukat enters the ghetto, followed by Dax.) Look at him. The Commander of Terok Nor. Just another swaggering, self-important Gul with too much vanity and not enough ability. Does it matter? Spoonheads? You'd think they'd put us in our own cell block, instead of with the common criminals. After all, we are accused of attempting to assassinate the station commander. That deserves some respect. That's a lie. Yes, I know I don't look Cardassian. You see, I was surgically altered to appear Bajoran. But what if genetic scans show no cardassian DNA in my cellular structure? In that case, I'll suggest A changeling? Putting aside the newest shape-shifter in town for the time being, how did we end up back in this cell? And you knew the names of the people we're supposed to be. But you couldn't have been there because it happened before you came aboard the station.
I'm sorry for the interruption. I'm afraid I disappointed them. I think they were hoping that message they picked up would contain the key to defeating the Dominion. You should've seen the looks on their faces when I explained to them that it was a five-year old planetary survey report. That's the look exactly. Oh, I'd given up hope of ever finding any trace of them long ago. There comes a time when one must face reality, my dear. Those people are gone and are never coming back. Well, my young friends, I'd like to stay here and chat all day, but I have dresses to make, trousers to mend. It's a full life, if a trifle banal. And do tell Captain Sisko that I'd be more than happy to decode any Cardassian laundry lists that come across his desk. My dear. (Garak leaves.) I really must remember to stop underestimating you, Doctor. How did you know? Very good, Doctor. You've come a long way from the naive young man I met five years ago. You've become distrustful and suspicious. It suits you. It was a call for help from Enabran Tain. I did. But Enabran Tain was the head of the Obsidian order for twenty years. If he can survive that, he can survive anything. I have to find him, Doctor. I owe it to him. Yes, but aside from that, we were very close. He was my mentor, and I'm not going to turn my back on him. If it'll make you feel better, you can come with me. All you have to do is come up with an excuse why you need the runabout and we could leave immediately. I'm ready when you are. The code sequence was personally designed by Tain and myself. No one else knows it. Now somehow he got that message out, and I have to follow it back to its source. No. Most of it was identification code. The rest was just one word, alive, repeated over and over again. So it should be easy enough to triangulate the source. Captain, Tain might not be alone. There could be others. Troops from the Cardassian-Romulan fleet, survivors from the Dominion attack on New Bajor, and even crew members from the Federation ships that disappeared in the Gamma Quadrant. This is a mission of mercy. You can't ignore it. Your concern is touching, Doctor, but I assure you I can take care of myself. Doctor, I think you've just volunteered. Oh, I can and I will. I have to. Oh, I'm sure you could find someone else to eat your meals with. Not that you'd have to. I fully intend to return. Yes, I know. I'm the only other Cardassian on the station. My dear, you're young, so I realise that you're a poor judge of character. Perhaps because I find them a but misguided. Because I'm exiled and alone, and a long way from home. And when I'm with you it doesn't feel so bad. Ziyal, no matter what happens, no matter how bleak things may look, I promise you I will come back. You have my word. Go ahead, kill me. She'll never forgive you, you know. Public opinion seems to be running against you. (Dukat pulls him up again.) You know, I think that actually helped my back. A pleasure as always, my dear. You do have a lovely daughter. She must take after her mother. (Garak leaves.) What do you think? I'd write the actual letter myself. I just need you to sign it. Why? Because I'm a Cardassian? You're a Klingon, Nog is a Ferengi. Starfleet Academy is a very accepting place. I know I've done some unfortunate things in the past, and I regret them. That's why I want to join Starfleet. Why I need to join Starfleet. I'm looking for a fresh start, a way to make up for all the damage I've done. I need to prove to myself that I can be better than I am, but I need your help, your support, to start me on my way to redemption. That's all I ask. Frankly, I think I can be quite an asset to Starfleet. With my extensive experience I could skip the lower ranks entirely and begin my career as a Commander. Maybe you should suggest that in your letter? Tell them you'd be honoured to serve under me. No, I'm afraid I don't. Because lying is a skill like any other, and if you want to maintain a level of excellence, you have to practise constantly. Mister Worf, you're no fun at all. I don't see why these runabout replicators can't provide a more varied menu. I would like to get my hands on that fellow Earl Grey and tell him a thing or two about tea leaves. We've just dropped out of warp. Is there something wrong? What do you mean? Well I certainly don't want to take an unnecessary risk, but our sensors show no sign of Jem'Hadar warships in this area. But we've come all this way. To turn around without an answer it seems so un-Klingon. Why don't we go through this nebula? We can avoid detection and get light years closer to the source of the transmission. But so would Jem'Hadar sensors. The answer is out there, Commander. We just have to have the courage to find it. And remember, it's not just Tain we're looking for. The Maryland, the Proxima, the Sarajevo. Starfleet ships that have been lost in the Gamma Quadrant for years, and their crews, brave soldiers, warriors of the Federation unaccounted for. We owe it to them to do everything in our power to find them and bring them home. It's the honourable thing to do. Maybe not, but you do. There's a pocket of toh-maire gas ahead. Steady as she. Now what could that be? Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all. (Evasive manoeuvres during the break.) You still haven't lost them. There are four more Jem'Hadar ships in close pursuit, and at least two ahead of us on an intercept course. You think they're planning to attack the Alpha Quadrant? Your message is transmitting, but it's hard to tell if it's getting through all this interference. What happened? We've just come to a dead stop. Re-polarise the hull. Try to shake us loose. (Four Jem'Hadar beam in) Ah, are we glad to see you. Could one of you point us in the direction of the wormhole? (So Garak gets smacked in the face with a rifle butt.) [Turbolift] Ah, good. You look like the man in charge. I was just trying to explain to your colleagues here that this is all an unfortunate misunderstanding. Worf. Do as he says. We'll keep that in mind. How long have you been here? Aren't you Klingons supposed to kill yourselves when you're taken prisoner? Tain. Really. There are many people who'd say he doesn't have one. He knew I had no choice. Tain. Tain, I'm here. It did. There are no others. Just Commander Worf and me. That's it? After I've come all this way, after all I've been through, that's all you have to say to me? I want you to say thank you, Elim. Your loyalty is most gratifying. I knew I could count on you. And Tain was able to modify that life support system and create a subspace transmitter? What about the others? Have they been tested? When were you brought here? I should never have come here. I should have let that monster die forgotten and alone. All my life I've done nothing but try to please that man. I let him mold me, let him turn me into a mirror image of himself, and how did he repay me? With exile. But I forgave him. And here, in the end, I thought maybe, just maybe, he could forgive me. I've been a fool. Let this be a lesson to you, Doctor, perhaps the most valuable one I can ever teach you. Sentiment is the greatest weakness of all. It's me. Yes. There's no one else but you and me. (Liar, Bashir is there.) I've already taken care of it. Years ago. he's gone. All your enemies are dead. Then you can die happy. Unless you still consider me your enemy. I'm listening. Let me guess. So I can make the Dominion pay for what they've done to you. I'll do as you ask on one condition. That you don't ask me this favour as a mentor, or a superior officer, but as a father asking his son. Father. Father, you're dying. For once in your life, speak the truth. So you've told me, many times. Listen, Enabran. All I ask is that for this moment, let me be your son. How can I forget it? It was the only day. I remember limping home. You held my hand. Gentlemen, I don't know about you, but my business here is done.
Not at all. I've done everything I can think of to motivate the workers. Bribes, torture. I've even given overseers permission to execute any worker not meeting the quota. And do what? I bow to your brilliance. Though I do hope your mood improves before we run out of workers. If you don't mind my saying, I have noticed a certain amount of ill-humour on your part lately. As I recall, it began about the time you learned of Captain Sisko's death. Well, I was under the impression that you were rather fond of him. Well I will say this for him. He did had spirit. Well that's something we won't have to worry at least. With Sisko's death, and the imminent completion of the transpectral sensor array, the Rebellion is certain to collapse. I am. Tell the Intendant what you told me. I suppose it's possible. Intendant, please, let me teach him some manners. What about Sisko? Of all the impudent Intendant. I demand that this man be But you promised me he'd die. After you. [Intendant's quarters] What, and miss this touching reunion? If you need anyone to beat him into submission for you, don't hesitate to call me. (Garak leaves.) Your Ferengi friend told us of your entire plan, with a little persuasion of course. Pursue! It's one of his least endearing qualities. [Outside ore processing] This time, Intendant, I trust you're not going to be so lenient with our dear Mister Sisko. Don't listen to him. He's bluffing. How do you know?
