You took your time about it, Entek. I don't appreciate being kept waiting in my own house. It really is you. I understand. Iliana, I, I wish I could tell you how much this means to me. That's not true. I'm sorry. I know you don't remember me, but I've been waiting for this for so long. Please leave us. She's my daughter. She's not going to hurt me. I've missed you, Iliana. I should let you rest. You will remember, in time. Until then, please, consider yourself a guest in this house. [Infirmary] (Bashir is closing up for the night.) In the left corner, above the window. The Obsidian Order's surveillance devices. That is what you're looking for, isn't it? Don't worry. They're not on. I'm a member of the Central Command. They're only activated at my request. I thought you might want some breakfast. I assumed you'd be used to Bajoran food by now, so I took the liberty of replicating some hasperat. You recognise that? It's the bone-carving you made for me when I was promoted to Legate. Yes. She is. I always thought you should have been an artist. You have such a wonderful eye for detail. But you were determined to join the Order. You thought it was your duty to Cardassia. Personally, I think Cardassia could use a few more artists. Are you sure you won't try some hasperat? It's only good when it's warm. You're as stubborn as your mother. She could never do anything the easy way. You don't remember her either, do you? Your mother was an inquisitor at the Central University. This is my fault. I never should have let you go on that mission. I could have prevented it. A well placed word here, a favour from a friend there. You never would've known. But you were so determined to go, so proud that you'd been chosen, that I didn't have the heart to stop you. Your mother never forgave me. Iliana, I just want you to know I'm sorry. [Security office] Not yet. So soon? I thought she would be given time to regain her memory. And what if the injections never work? I'll be in the next room if you need me. And I'll be nearby to remind you of that, in case you forget. I see you haven't forgotten all of your Obsidian Order training. Next time you might want to leave a contact wire running between the wall and the access plate. You tripped a silent alarm when you separated them. I don't have to. You wouldn't get half a kilometre without being detected by the Obsidian Order. Iliana. You'll never get off Cardassia. In the end, you'll just make things worse for yourself. I can only do so much to help you. I promise you that will never happen. I'll never allow the Order to harm you. No matter what you decide, I won't let them hurt you. I only ask one thing. Before you make your decision, I beg you, watch the recording Entek gave you. It's the only way you'll ever really know the truth. (Ghemor leaves, and Kira puts the rod into a console) I think you've asked enough questions for today. Do you presume to tell a member of the Central Command where he may and may not go in his own home? Is a privilege granted by the Central Command and is revocable at any time. Don't you agree? Iliana, are you all right? (Kira goes over to the dressing table mirror and stares at herself.) Iliana? Iliana! It's all right. Everything will be all right. (He tries to comfort her.) I'm a selfish old man. I can't keep you here any longer, no matter how much I want to. Entek will never rest until he's broken you. If he takes you to Order Headquarters. We must get you away from Cardassia. You're my daughter, Iliana. There's nothing I wouldn't do for you. Even if it means losing you again. [Ghemor's home] (Kira is looking at the carving again when Ghemor comes in.) Iliana? Here. For you. (It's a bracelet.) It was your mother's. I want you to have it to remember her by. There's no use arguing. I can be as stubborn as you. It runs in the family. Iliana this is Ari. He's a friend. He's going to help get you off Cardassia. I have friends who can arrange things, friends who think the same way I do. People like Ari are the heroes. My position protects me. The risk is theirs. Goodbye, Iliana. I love you. Please, Ari's right. Iliana, you have to trust me. We're trying to help you What are you talking about? Impossible. I'm too well protected. They couldn't have evidence of my activities. This is Ghemor. Three to beam out. Now. The movement will survive without me. The enemies of the Order, you mean. What are you doing? Yes, I think that might be wise. So, it was all a lie? What about the man who said he was with you at Elemspur? I thought you'd be happy. Because the desegranine would've worked on Iliana. Her memories would've returned and she would have cooperated with Entek. But they knew that you'd resist and that I'd be forced to try to get you off of Cardassia. I have to. I'm her father. For all I know, she's still on Bajor, and someday I'll find her. (They stop by the airlock) There's no place for me here. The Mathenite government has offered me political sanctuary. I'll be safe there. One more thing before I leave. Can I give you some fatherly advice, for old times sake? That Garak fellow who helped you, helped us. Don't trust him, Nerys. Ever. He's a dangerous man and he'd betray you and all of your friends in an instant if he thought it would help him. I suppose it's time to go. No. I want you to have it. You may not be my daughter, but until I find Iliana, you're the closest thing I have to family.
That's a lot of faith to put in one man. (Kira spins round.) I hope I won't prove too great a disappointment. How many times must I tell you, Nerys? If you won't call me father, Tekeny will do. That's quite a reception for an old man. Ah, I see you're wearing the bracelet I gave you. It looks good on you. It was a pleasure meeting both of you, but if you don't mind, I'm afraid the journey here was a little draining. I wish I had your energy. You've been very kind. She's dead, isn't she? I know you're trying to keep my hopes up, but it's time I faced the facts. I'm alone. You're the closest thing to family that I have left. I'm afraid patience is for the young. But what about you, Nerys? How is life treating you? It was very ambitious, but I'm afraid you'll have to find another person to lead the effort. It's not that simple. Nerys, it's a good plan, but I can't help you. I have Yarim Fel syndrome. It's terminal, Nerys. I'm dying. [Infirmary] How much time do I have left? I appreciate anything you can do. I'm sorry, Nerys. I'm afraid this isn't going the way you planned. What a beautiful baby you are. Yes. You must be very proud. Maybe you'd better? It'll pass. It's silly, but I almost feel like a grandfather. After all, you're the closest thing I have to a daughter. And what about you, Nerys? Have you ever thought about having one of your own? Maybe with that Shakaar fellow of yours? I've been keeping an eye on you. It made me feel like I still had family. Credit an old man with some restraint. I just had people let me know when they heard anything about you. Like it or not, you're a public figure, Nerys. First officer of one of the most important military installations in the quadrant. Your feud with Kai Winn has become already something of a legend. Did you know that you have your own section in the Cardassian Central Archives? You've made an impression on people, Nerys. A good one. You should be proud of everything you've accomplished. I am. I enjoyed it, while it lasted. I have a fondness for hopeless causes. It runs in the family. I'm not surprised. He knows that as long as I'm alive, I'm a threat to him. Nerys, I know more about the Cardassian government than anyone alive. Names, alliances, plots. Things that could do a lot of good in the right hands. There's a Cardassian tradition, shri-tal. The dying give their secrets to their family to use against their enemies. But I have no one left to carry my secrets. No one but you. Be my daughter one last time, Nerys. Hear what I know and use it as you see fit. [Captain's office] Nerys. Mouth's dry. It's all right. You're doing fine. Maybe we should get started. (Kira gets a dictaphone.) Probably Dukat's most powerful enemy is Gul Trepar, the head of the Fourth Order. He's Button. (Kira triggers a dose of painkiller.) No. Anything stronger and I'd be unconscious. And you and I have a lot to talk about. Where were we? Trepar. Trepar used to outrank Dukat and he's not happy to be taking orders from one of his former subordinates. Trepar's aide is a man named Glinn Borven, a political opportunist with all the loyalty of a [Bajoran resistance] (muttering and twitching) Cold, cold. [Captain's office] Nerys. Ask me questions, Nerys. We don't have much time. Dukat, I have a week to live, maybe less. Do you really expect me to trade my silence for a few short days under the Cardassian sun? And it's where I'd be this very moment if you hadn't betrayed our people to the Dominion. Good day, Dukat. Iliana? I I want to believe you, Dukat, but even if I did, let's just say I don't like the company you're keeping. You and I might have come to an agreement, one Cardassian to another. But now dealing with you means dealing with them, and that makes the price too high. I won't. (Time passes. More painkiller is given, more information recorded but nothing we didn't know from what I could hear under the music. Kira sleeps, mops his brow and Ghemor talks, and shivers.) [Quark's cafe] Nerys. I was thirsty. I'm sorry. Nerys, is something wrong? About what? Kiessa. Dukat told you. But they were hiding weapons for the Resistance. Weapons that were being used to kill my friends. It was war. It was easy to despise you. But you weren't the monsters, we were. I wish I'd never joined the military, never volunteered for duty on Bajor. But I did. And I can't change that, no matter how much I might want to. No, Nerys. I didn't want you to hate me. Nerys! (Kira gives him a glass of water and leaves.) [Quark's] (Weyoun is playing dabo) I didn't think you would come.
