Qab jIH nagil! (he does the same with a painstick he has brought) What do you know of Klingon law, human? You will die slowly, Duras. What? That will take hours. I would speak with you alone, Ambassador. Picard is prolonging the ja'chuq. Why? He relies on you for his knowledge of Klingon law. Then he values your advice. You could quicken the pace. Your position is unique. Have you never wondered about serving the Klingon Empire? As a Federation Ambassador. A few rewards, but little glory. What do you want? Command of a ship? A seat on the Council? There are many opportunities for you in the Empire. K'mpec was also stubborn. He too refused to listen. Now, he's gone. You need not make the same mistake. jIH DoQ batlh! The investigations are complete. They revealed nothing of any importance. He has no place here, Picard! It was a common explosive. Triceron. What? As will I.
I must speak with you, Picard. We will have to move quickly if we are to be successful. Yes. In preventing a Klingon civil war. [Observation lounge] The family of Duras is massing support. They have many allies on the Council. Their corruption has poisoned the Empire. Honour will soon have no meaning. Lursa and B'Etor, the sisters of Duras. Women may not serve on the Council. I don't know. But they are plotting something. They have secured the loyalty of at least three fleet commanders. Lursa and B'Etor are feared, and fear is power. You were first chosen as Arbiter of Succession because no Klingon could be trusted. You accepted this duty and you must see it through to the end. You must ensure my installation. You will not support me? And if they attempt to block my installation? I fear that will not be enough. [Bridge] I do not hear the words of traitors. You admitted your guilt before the Council. Protect it? How? Duras? There is proof of this? Why would you accept dishonour to protect Duras? The Council knew? Worf, you killed Duras. I consider that no small favour. But what you ask is impossible. The grasp of Duras reaches out from the grave. Much of the Council is still loyal to his family. I must have the Council's support to survive. I cannot expose their treachery. You chose to accept this disgrace for the good of the Empire. Now you must live with your decision, like a Klingon. [Phaser range] (Worf is practicing shooting moving coloured targets when someone enters) I wish it. An arrogant child! Duras had no son. So, this is your doing, Lursa. This is outrageous. Duras had no mate. Where did you find him, Lursa? In a harlot's bedchamber? Impudent wretch. The illegitimate son of Duras cannot rule the High Council. The Arbiter has ruled. There are no more challengers. Follow him and you reject all Klingon law. (but council members move to stand behind the Duras group) Can you not see what you are doing? Are you blind to what they represent? Then go. Your blood will paint the way to the future. [Gowron's Ready room] Your message said it was urgent. What do you want? From one dishonoured Klingon. Why would they follow you, a Starfleet officer? Kurn is your brother? Kurn will follow me? He has opposed me in the past. What is it you want in return? The return of your honour. For the support of four squadrons? No, that will not be enough. The Duras family controls most of the fleet. We must have Federation help. Perhaps not yet, but Starfleet Command will listen to Picard and Picard listens to you. What? You come to me and demand the restoration of your family honour and now you hide behind human excuses? What are you, Worf? Do you tremble and quake with fear at the approach of combat, hoping to talk your way out of a fight like a human? Or do you hear the cry of the warrior calling you to battle, calling you to glory like a Klingon? (and someone opens fire on the Bortas) [Gowron's Bridge] Status! Send an emergency signal to any loyal ships! Engage emergency override! Lock on target. GhoS. SuH. BaH! (KaBOOM) All power to shields. On viewer. You have done well, Commander Kurn. Lursa and B'Etor have moved more quickly than I anticipated. We shall not underestimate them again. Meet us at the Great Hall. (transmission ends) Advise the Enterprise that their delegation is welcome to attend my installation as leader. Captain's log, stardate 44998.3. With new-found support, Gowron has chosen to proceed with the installation ceremony. The Enterprise has returned so that I may perform my final duty as Arbiter of Succession. [Great hall] (Picard places the Chancellor's cloak on Gowron's shoulders) naDev ghoS. (Worf and Kurn step forward) You both fought as warriors. You have proved your hearts are Klingon. (he draws a dagger, and Worf grips its blade firmly) I return your family honour. I give you back that which was wrongfully taken from you. Let your name be spoken once again. You are Worf, son of Mogh. [Observation lounge] The Duras family is gathering a large force near Beta Thoridar. As per the terms of the Treaty of Alliance, I now formally request your assistance in fighting these enemies of the Empire. By right and tradition, I am the sole leader. All who oppose me are traitors. You arbitrated the Rite of Succession. You are already involved. I will await you aboard the Bortas. [Worf's quarters] (Worf is now in Klingon uniform, and packing a case when the doorbell rings)
We will have to move quickly if we are to be successful. Yes. In preventing a Klingon civil war. I do not hear the words of traitors. Your blood will paint the way to the future. You both fought as warriors. I return your family honour. We destroyed their supply bases in that sector three weeks ago. How can they continue to fight? Now the war can continue. [Bridge] What is it you propose? And once the Romulan connection has been exposed, support will fall away from Lursa and B'Etor. Very well. I will make preparations. One thing more, Picard. Worf has been captured by the Duras. I hope he dies well. Qapla! [Ready room] The Council appreciates your report, Captain. The information on the Romulan supply ships will prove very useful. Before you leave, there is one last matter to attend to. (Worf and Kurn enter) Bring him. (Toral is escorted in, defiant Klingon to the end) Perhaps. But not today. Worf. This child's family wrongly took your name and your honour from you. In return, I give his life to you. (Worf takes Gowron's dagger and goes over to Toral, who braces himself for the thrust. Worf drops the dagger on the floor) Then it falls to Kurn. As you wish.
Where is he, Picard? I am referring to the filthy pahtk who is using his name. What have you learned about him so far? [Corridor] What kind of medical analysis have you made? Do you have any theories about his true origin? What kind of fools do you have working for you, Picard? The imposter's been aboard for nearly a day. And have him begin spreading his poisonous lies through a ship of loyal Klingons? Never. Kahless has been dead for a thousand years, but the idea of Kahless is still alive. Have you ever fought an idea, Picard? It has no weapon to destroy, no body to kill. The idea of Kahless' return must be stopped here, now, or it will travel through the Empire like a wave and leave nothing but destruction behind. [Kahless' quarters] But how? How can this be? It will be war. You are not a fool, Worf. Do you really think that every Klingon in the Empire will bend his knee and grovel before this man just because Koroth says he is Kahless? I will not hand over the Empire to Koroth because of one test. Of course it is Koroth! Open your eyes. Koroth and the other Guardians have always opposed me. This is nothing more than a ploy for them to finally seize power. Even now, there are warriors on my own ship who want to see Kahless. There are others who believe he is an imposter. The divisions are already forming. Don't you see? This is exactly why they want you to join them. Because your brother sits on the Council and your voice carries weight in the Empire. They want you to influence others to follow them. Worf, we fought together once side by side to keep the Empire from being torn apart. Will you stand by and let these impostors destroy all that we fought so hard to protect? Renounce him, Worf. Stand with me and we can hold the Empire together. Koroth. I see that not all fools die young. What was his name? If you were really there, you should be able to tell us the name of the man outside the walls. Describe him to us. What was he wearing? How tall was he? What colour were his eyes? I oppose you. I say you are not Kahless, and I will not bend my knee to you as long as I can draw a breath or pick up a blade. (Gowron draws his dagger, and Kahless comes forward to fight him with his own dagger) Kahless. The greatest warrior of them all. [Kahless' quarters] A clone! Did you really think you would get away with this kind of fraud, Koroth? I will have you and this abomination put to death. What? He's not real. You just said so. I do not care what they think. But when they find out the truth? What are you saying? That I should just hand over the Empire? There hasn't been an Emperor in three centuries! And what will we tell the people about their new Emperor? That he appeared in a cave or a laboratory? And if I refuse to go along with this? What do you say about this, Koroth? Vorcha doh bagh (kneels) Kahless. [Transporter room]
