I don't think I like this sport. Ah, but if I lift up, you lunge right underneath. Let's face it, you're just better at this than I am. I understand we have a guest on board. Is that wise? I thought I understood you, Picard, but I don't understand this. They're going to come after us, you know that. You, of all people, know that. You felt sorry for me. Look what it got you. [Brig] Hugh? You named the Borg? Oh, so now you have a Borg named Hugh. How so? Do you know that you're the second person today to refer to that Borg as though it were some sort of lost child. Let me tell you something. When that kid's big brothers come looking for him, they're not going to stop until they find him. And then they're going to come looking for us, and they will destroy us. And they will not do any of the soul-searching that you are apparently doing right now. Because I wouldn't have anything to say. You don't look so tough. Aren't you going to tell me you have to assimilate me? No, but that's what you things do, isn't it? (a nod) Resistance is futile. It isn't. My people resisted when the Borg came to assimilate us. Some of us survived. No. But thanks to you, there are very few of us left. We're scattered throughout the galaxy. We don't even have a home any more. What? Are you sure? You look like you're preparing for a quiet evening. No, thank you. I was thinking about how you said the other day that my foil was dipping. That I should get some exercise and strengthen my arm. And bartending. About the Borg. Aren't you the least bit surprised by him? Did you know he has a name? La Forge gave it to him. His name's Hugh. And he's lonely. I don't know what made me go see him. La Forge said I should, but I said no. And suddenly there I was standing there, staring at him. I thought it was just curiosity. Just curious. I need to hear you say that you are sure you're doing the right thing. No. I think I need you to persuade me. No. But when you talk to him face to face, can you honestly say you don't have any doubt? Why not? If you're going to use this person If you are going to use this person to destroy his race, you should at least look him in the eye once before you do it. Because I am not sure he is still a Borg. Fine. But if you don't talk to him at least once, you may find that decision a harder to live with than you realise. [Ready room]
Hello, Data. Would you like to try something new? It's a concoction I heard about on Prakal Two. I think it's wonderful but I need a second opinion. Too sweet? Data, if I didn't know you better, I would say you were a little preoccupied. Really? And? Well, what do you think of her, Data? I meant personally? Well, then it seems the next move is yours. What are you going to do? Don't look at me. No, no, Data, I simply mean that I can't give you any advice here. It's not good to advise people about their first love affairs. That's kind of something they have to figure out for themselves. Then it's going to be a very unique experience. [Corridor]
You couldn't be more wrong. What's that supposed to mean? Relax, Gillespie. Everybody relax. Ten Forward is a designated shelter area. Relax. Security to Ten Forward immediately. It's a little souvenir I picked up on Magus Three. That was setting number one. Anyone want to see setting number two? [Sickbay]
Captain. Can I get you something? I don't blame you. It's beautiful. How about some nice Mareuvian Tea? You'll be leaving soon. What do you see when you look out there? That's not what I mean. I mean, when you look there, don't you see your future? How about a cup of nectar direct from Prometheus? It's what I'm expected to do. Don't you always do what's expected? Even if it's not what you really want? Yes. But sometimes the game is to know when to consider yourself before others. Give yourself permission to be selfish. [Cargo deck five] Sure I do. All the time. Oh? No, I never knew the Captain till I came onboard. Yes, I'll bet they are. Where do they say? For a dish of Delovian soufflé? That's why I'm here.
Perhaps the Captain thought she'd be valuable on the mission? Really? Sounds like someone I'd like to know. Excuse me. (Guinan goes to Ro's table and sits down) Am I disturbing you? Good. You look like someone who wants to be disturbed. Oh, no you wouldn't. If you wanted to be alone, you would've stayed in your quarters. The only reason to come here is to be amongst people. My name is Guinan. I tend bar, and I listen. Everyone's talking about you. Mmm hmm. I believe truth is in the eye of the beholder. Truth, beauty. It works for a lot of things. They say you never told the true story about Galon Two. They also say you didn't defend yourself at your court martial. Your fault? So you sit alone in crowded rooms staring at your drink. I think you enjoy it. You work so hard at torturing yourself, I can only think you must enjoy it. I told you. I'm Guinan. I tend bar, and I listen. And you're not like any Starfleet officer I've ever met before, but that sounds like the beginning of a very interesting friendship. Too late. You just did. Excuse me. Hello, it's me, Guinan. I heard you got grounded. Come on, sure you do. Because you're one of those people who's got their poles reversed. Do you want to talk about it? How do you know until you try? For people like you and me, who've lost their homes, sometimes that's the way life feels. Including yourself? You know, a very long time ago, I got into some serious trouble too. And I mean serious. And I'd probably still be there if I hadn't trusted one man. [Ready room] Ensign Ro has some things she'd like to talk to you about. Well, she can go back to her quarters when she's done. She's my friend. (Guinan leaves)
It's a little quiet down in Ten Forward, so I thought I'd get off a little target practice. Do you mind if I join you? I like to keep my eye sharp. Guess I could come down to that level for a while. Begin programme. (and Guinan gets the first target before Worf realises it has started) You know, I had a bet with the Captain that I could make you laugh before you became Lieutenant Commander. I've seen you laugh. I like it. Oh yes they do. Absolutely they do. You don't. But I've heard some Klingon belly laughs that would curl your hair. (Guinan gets three hits, Worf gets two hits and a miss) Your son laughs. He's a Klingon. That's right. And you're not, you're full Klingon except you don't laugh. Other Klingons feel like laughing. What does that say about you? Good game. Don't feel bad. I was doing this long before you were born. So how is he? Your son. I can see where it might be hard for the little guy. Living with humans, being Klingon. Could be very confusing. No, it won't. But at some point he's going to want to know what it's like to really be a Klingon. Just as you're learning. [Ready room]
It's a Samarian coral fish with its fin unfolded. No, no. First it was a fish, and now it's a Mintonian sailing ship. Right there. Don't you see the two swirls coming together to form the mast? Looks as though someone's lost their way. Excuse me. Hello. Are you looking for someone? Oh, I see. Well, ordinarily we would only let you in with a grown-up, but since you've brought Isabella, you can be my guest. Won't you join me? Now, how about two Papalla juices with extra bubbles. One juice. Oh, no? Well, most grown-ups have a hard time with things they can't see. Well, because they get preoccupied by other things. Like how much fuel it takes to power a ship, or whether we should go to one star system or another, or whether little girls should go to bed at seven or be allowed to stay up till eight. So their heads can get so full that they forget about the things that are important to you and me, like imaginary friends. Maybe because when I was your age, I had one. It wasn't a she. It wasn't a he. It was a Tarkassian razor beast. It had dark brown fur and gold eyes and huge spiny wings, and it would fly so fast nobody could see it except me. Oh, it was, especially when he smiled. But the best thing about him was I could curl up on his furry belly, and he had the softest purr you ever heard. It put me right to sleep every night. I tell you, that razorbeast was a good friend. Clara and Isabella and I were just having a conversation. Bye, Clara. Bye, Isabella. [Corridor] Is something wrong with the cake? Well, I see you sitting here with a piece of untouched chocolate cake in front of you. I assume something's wrong with the cake or something's bothering you. Let me guess. About the little girl with the imaginary friend? How so? But? Well, I'm not sure about that. I was just telling Clara about my imaginary friend. A Tarkassian razor beast. It protected me. I knew as long as that razorbeast was around, nothing could hurt me. You know, over the years his body kind of faded away but the idea stayed. And I just don't seem to talk to him as often as I used to. Oh, yeah, when I'm afraid or I get confused or a little scared. I just don't think you should have to give up an imaginary friend.
Sounds simple enough. Yes. Yes, it would. But you were afraid. Of me? Maybe I do think it's a line. I didn't say that. There's nothing wrong with a line. It's like a knock on the door. I'm not sending you away. Is it as much as you hoped? Dreams can be dangerous. Careful. Putting me on a pedestal so high, you may not be able to reach me. Shut up, kid. Tell me more about my eyes. [The Icarus Factor - Troi's office]
That sounded like a very intense discussion. That's why the Enterprise has been sent back to Earth. I didn't realise. Full circle. [Corridor] Captain, you didn't have to come all the way down here. I would've been more than happy to come up to you. It's a Tzartak aperitif. It's very, very touchy. The trick is to change the evaporation point of the main ingredient. You want the temperature where the liquid goes to vapour to be a half a degree below the body temperature of the customer. That way, when the liquid touches the tongue, it evaporates, and the flavour is carried entirely by the vapour. A few molecules off, the vapour point crashes, and poof! It's all gone. All of it. I hear you're sending an away team down to the surface. Are you going? Maybe it's an unusual away mission. Starfleet captains don't usually accompany away teams. This time, you have to. You just do. Do you remember the first time we met? Don't be so sure. I just mean, if you don't go on this mission, (the aperitif evaporates) we'll never meet. [Data's hotel room] (in a sight reminiscent of  City on the Edge of Forever, Data has built a Contraption. The Bellboy staggers in with an anvil) My dear Mister Clemens, why do I think you're not one of them? My dear Mister Clemens, please do. Please do. Perhaps a great deal more. But if the Earth is not alone, and there are millions of inhabited planets in the heavens. Someone may argue that a diamond is still a diamond, even if it is one amongst millions. It still shines as brightly. Do I know you, Mister? I do so much travelling. What ship would that be? Is that a clipper ship? Of course! Mister Data. Excuse us. We have so much to catch up on. Excuse us. How are you? [Garden] What exactly are you? Ah. Did my father send you here? Because if he did, you must go back and tell him I've not done listening Sorry. And?
All right. Try this. Just try it. (He does, and his face lights up) You see? It's an Earth drink. Prune juice. You know, you're always drinking alone. It wouldn't hurt you to seek out a little companionship. Not all of them. There are a few on this ship that would find you tame. You never know till you try. Coward. Drink your prune juice. (a fuzzy swirly thing appears outside the ship) No! [Bridge] This isn't right. It's changed. [Bridge] We need to talk. Somehow this, this is all wrong. This is not the way it's supposed to be. [Ready room] I look at things, I look at people, and they just don't feel right. You. Your uniform. The Bridge. It's not right. I know that. I also know it's wrong. Families. There should be children on this ship. No, we're not. At least, we're not supposed to be. This is not a ship of war. This a ship of peace. I'm not suggesting. That ship from the past is not supposed to be here. It's got to go back. [Sickbay] There is no more. I wish there were. I wish I could prove it. But I can't. You've got to. I don't know. But I do know that this is a mistake. Every fibre in my being says this is a mistake. I can't explain it to myself so I can't explain it to you. I only know that I'm right. I suppose I am. Forty billion people have already died. This war's not supposed to be happening. You've got to send those people back to correct this. We've known each other a long time. You have never known me to impose myself on anyone or take a stance based on trivial or whimsical perceptions. This time line must not be allowed to continue. Now, I've told you what you must do. You have only your trust in me to help you decide to do it. [Ten Forward] (Guinan enters) Have you ordered yet, Tasha? Not a thing. What can I get for you? Can I get you something, Tasha? I don't have alternate biographies of the crew. As I said to the captain, it's just a feeling. We weren't meant to know each other at all. At least, that's what I sense when I look at you. Tasha, you're not supposed to be here. Dead. No. But I do know it was an empty death. A death without purpose. [Ready room] Captain, this is Guinan. Is everything all right up there? No. No, everything's fine. Sorry to bother you. (She sits down opposite La Forge) Geordi, tell me about Tasha Yar.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Do you mean his argument was that good? You've got the harder argument. By his own admission, Data is a machine. You're worried about what's going to happen to him? Then this should work out fine. Maddox could get lucky and create a whole army of Datas, all very valuable. He's proved his value to you. And now he's about to be ruled the property of Starfleet. That should increase his value. Well, consider that in the history of many worlds there have always been disposable creatures. They do the dirty work. They do the work that no one else wants to do because it's too difficult, or to hazardous. And an army of Datas, all disposable, you don't have to think about their welfare, you don't think about how they feel. Whole generations of disposable people. I think that's a little harsh.
I never said that. I simply said that I've never seen you laugh. Data, do you even know what a joke is? Stop. Look, it's just you and I here. We're talking, we're having an intimate conversation. Why? Because you're a 'droid and I'm a 'noid. Because that's what I am. No. Because you're a 'droid and I'm a 'noid. Yes. Yes. Yes. No, the joke was funny. It's you, Data. Yes. Well, under normal circumstances, I'd say seek a higher power. But in your case, probably a smarter computer is in order. [Outside Holodeck] No. (Data sits, disconsolate) Data, you spoiled the joke. It could have been your timing. That's funny. It would take too long to explain. Tell me another joke. Bring new jokes. [Bridge] Along with some new jokes, I hope. I was the whole room. Actually, killed would have been a better word. You know, he could be right. Perhaps an audience is what you need. You made a living doing this? Data, let me give you one. Being able to make people laugh, or being able to laugh, is not the end all and be all of being human.
Trouble sleeping? Before a hopeless battle, if I remember the tradition correctly. Yes, but Nelson never returned from Trafalgar, did he? Do you expect this battle to be won? This isn't the end. With experience. When the Borg destroyed my world, my people scattered throughout the universe. We survived. As will humanity survive. As long as there's a handful of you to keep the spirit alive, you will prevail. Even if it takes a millennium. (Bang)
Am I intruding? News travels fast. I heard that Tasha Yar's daughter is aboard the Romulan ship. How much do you know about what happened to the last ship called Enterprise? And the survivors? No. There were survivors. And Tasha Yar was one of them. I know that. But I also know she was aboard that ship and she was not a child. And I think you sent her there. I don't know. I just know that you did. I know that. You can't just dismiss this. If I'm right, then you are responsible for this whole situation.
If you keep picking at that uniform you'll wear it out. What? So you met a computer-simulated female. You know, Geordi, everybody falls in love with a fantasy every now and then. Not what you hoped for, huh? Computer glitch? Maybe it was your old visor. The one you wore when you were on the holodeck with her. Really? Oh, I figured it was probably the one that lets you see what you want to see. You saw exactly what you wanted to see in the holodeck. Sure, the computer made it look like her, gave it personality, but when it came to the relationship. La Forge, you filled in the blanks. And you had a perfectly wonderful, marvellous little fantasy. until the real Leah showed up and ruined it. She's probably done the most horrific thing one person can do to another, not live up to your expectations. So I'd take a good, hard, long look at her, La Forge. See her for who she is, not for what you want her to be. [Bridge]
I hear they drummed you out of the Continuum. Just one of the boys, ay? Really? (So she picks up a fork and stabs it into Q's hand) Seems human enough to me. It must be terribly frightening for you, to be totally defenceless after all of those centuries being omnipotent. Frightening one race after the other, teasing them like frightened animals, and you enjoying every moment of your victims fears. You could learn a lot from this one. I'd enjoy that, and you'd better get used to it. Begging. You're a pitiful excuse for a human. The only way you're going to survive is by the charity of others. (Ten chocolate sundaes arrive) Calamarain. (A white globe comes through the window and envelopes Q. He leaps up, trying to brush it off) [Bridge] How the mighty have fallen. Captain's log, supplemental. We have sustained light damage from an attack by an alien species known as the Calamarain. They apparently have a grievance with Q. No doubt one of many lifeforms that do. [Observation lounge]
You were on the most beautiful planet in the quadrant and you spent your entire shore leave in a cave? So's my father. That's the wonderful thing about crayons. They can take you to more places than a starship. Only if you're ready. Well, what's the hurry? I mean, the transporter will still be there. Why don't you pass me the royal blue. Thank you. Did you do this one too? All of them? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Sounds simple enough. (They sit at a table) Yes. Yes, it would. But you were afraid? Of me? Maybe I do think it's a line. I didn't say that. There's nothing wrong with a line. It's like a knock at the door. I'm not sending you away. Is it as much as you hoped? Dreams can be dangerous. Careful. Putting me on a pedestal so high, you may not be able to reach me. Shut up, kid. Tell me more about my eyes. [Engineering] (Geordi is doing what Wesley should have been doing, when Anya and Worf enter) You won't find a better dish of chocolate anywhere. Just because a girl runs out, doesn't mean she doesn't wish you to follow. [Corridor] I know that sensation. But there'll come a time when all you remember is the love. You're right. There'll be others, but every time you feel love it'll will be different. Every time, it's different. It's not supposed to. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
May I speak to you, Captain? You know, Picard and I used to talk every now and again, when one of us needed to. I guess I'm just used to having the Captain's ear. (She sits in Picard's chair) I've heard a lot of people talking down in Ten Forward. They expect to be dead in the next day or so. They trust you. They like you. But they don't believe anyone can save them. When a man is convinced he's going to die tomorrow, he'll probably find a way to make it happen. The only one who can turn is around is you. You're going have to do something you don't want to do. You have to let go of Picard. You tried to kill whatever that is on the Borg ship. Not Picard. Picard is still here with us in this room. If he had died, it would be easier. But he didn't They took him from us a piece at a time. Did he ever tell you why we're so close? Well, then let me just our relationship is beyond friendship, beyond family. And I will let him go. And you must do the same. There can only be one Captain. And the Borg know everything he knows. It's time to throw that book away. You must let him go, Riker. It's the only way to beat him. The only way to save him. And that is now you chair. Captain. (Riker sits)
Yes. No. Yes, I can tell you I'm a woman. Me personally? His head. No, his head. I'm attracted to bald men. Seriously. Maybe because a bald man was very kind to me once when I was hurting. Took care of me. I take care of myself these days. You're doing fine with me. No, you're different. That's my point. [Bridge]
Bridge, this is Ten Forward. [Bridge] Is everything alright? Is there anything unusual happening? I'm not sure. It's just a feeling. I've had it a couple of times before. It's probably nothing. Forget that I called. Ten Forward out. [Shuttlecraft] Can I get you something? I don't know. I knew it was you. We have had some dealings. Not all the Q are alike. Some are almost respectable. But they will learn, adapt. That is their greatest advantage. Q! (The Enterprise is thrown through space at even more incredible speed than usual) Yes. Only that if I were you, I'd start back now. Captain's log, stardate 42761.9. Despite Guinan's warning, I feel compelled to investigate this unexplored sector of the galaxy before heading back. [Bridge] I'm here, Captain. [Bridge] Viewscreen's activated. I have the other ship. Yes. [Guinan's office] My people encountered them a century ago. They destroyed our cities [Bridge] They scattered my people throughout the galaxy. [Guinan's office] They're called the Borg. Protect yourself, Captain, or they'll destroy you. [Bridge] Yes. I wasn't there personally, but from what I'm told, they swarmed through our system. And when they left, there was little or nothing left of my people. They don't do that individually. It's not their way. When they decide to come, they're going to come in force. They don't do anything piecemeal. Yes. You don't. At least, I've never known anyone who did. Bits and pieces. They're made up of organic and artificial life which has been developing for thousands of centuries. What? I wouldn't go there if I were you. Q set a series of events into motion, bringing contact with the Borg much sooner than it should have come. Now, perhaps when you're ready, it might be possible to establish a relationship with them. But for now, for right now, you're just raw material to them. Since they are aware of your existence You can bet on it. How so?
Hello, Data. Lal, how are you? Good. She's in the right place for it. You're hired. The most important part about working some place like this is the art listening. I have some expertise, so I shall teach you. What did you say? I've? You said I've instead of I have. You see? It's called flirting. They're both thinking the same thing, if that's what you mean. It shows affection. Humans like to touch each other. They start with the hands, and go from there. No, he's not biting. They're pressing lips. It's called kissing. Lal, there are some things your father's just going to have to explain to you when he thinks you're ready. (Guinan moves away, and Riker comes in. Lal promptly starts flirting, and her voice deepens) Lal! Lal, put him down. Most people when they come here behave themselves. If they don't, I ask them to leave. She spills a few drinks every now and then, but she's learning. Now, Admiral, you've been in one or two bars in your time.
You know, sooner or later, everyone comes in here. They stand by those windows and they look out and the stare. They're looking for that little star they call home. It doesn't matter how far away it is, everybody looks anyway. I'm Guinan. Pleased to meet you. You're Worf's parents? Welcome. Sit, please. There's something I would like to ask you. How come you never gave him prune juice? He said he'd never had it till he came here. Mow he can't get enough of it. But you got through it. Didn't you? Just look at him. I think he's pretty special. So many parents could learn so much from the two of you. Well, part of him may feel that way, but there's another part that I've seen. A part that comes in and drinks prune juice. A part that looks out the window towards home. He's not looking toward the Klingon Empire. He's looking toward you. [Chez Picard] (Picard is at a desk by the front window. According to the computer screen, this Atlantis Project is to create a land mass over the mid-Atlantic ridge.)
I need a doctor. Geordi beat me in straight sets today. I think I've developed tennis elbow. I don't want to see Doctor Selar. I always see you. I'm very particular about my doctors. Beverly? My elbow. Ow! Yes, right there. You know, I've never been to a formal inquiry. Well I guess that would do it. (Beverly treats the elbow) Do I have to hit you with my fist before you tell me what happened? Well, there's nothing wrong with that. A Ferengi scientist. Hmm. I like unorthodox. So you gathered all these scientists to come hear this Ferengi. Like a scientific diplomat. No? But this was different. You know, when you're a doctor and you have patients, you're in control. But when you send someone out on a mission, all you can do is sit and watch. Anybody would. Don't be too hard on yourself. Backhand volley. That's how I did it. Geordi kept hitting to my backhand at the net. Are you upset? Well, if you are upset, why are you moping around here? Why don't you do something about it? Do you think Doctor Reyga killed himself? Do you think there's a murderer on board? Then why are you still sitting here? You could be relieved of duty. Chief Medical Officer's log, personal, stardate 46830.1. I'll be leaving the ship tomorrow to attend the board of inquiry. That means I have less than twenty four hours to get to the bottom of this mystery. [Shuttlecraft] Hello. Ooo, somebody's birthday? For me? What's the occasion? Oh, now, I didn't, er. (Beverly takes out a strange rounded object with a handle and lots of curved spaces in it) Thank you, Doctor. This looks like a great racquet, but, er, I don't play tennis. Never have. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Do I know you, Mister? Is that a clipper ship? Did my father send you here? Because if he did, you must go back and tell him I'm not done listening to Do you remember the first time we met? Don't be so sure. If you don't go on this mission, we'll never meet. And now, the conclusion. [Street] I found the Head Surveyor, I found the cavern. You will not be able to get to it. The entrance is on a mine shaft that is the middle of the Presidio on an army base. How? Oh, no, Data. I've done everything you've asked Well, I suppose it's more interesting than throwing a tea dance. Twain. Yes. He's been driving me crazy. He watches the house, he follows me down the street asking me questions. If anyone took this you can believe it was him. Shame on you, Mister Clemens. Shame. I keep telling you, there is no plot. My dear Mister Clemens, I do think we've heard enough. Mister Data's business is his own, and I will thank you to leave now. You're back. I have wonderful news. I've found a way to get into the Presidio and into the mine shaft. (Picard enters) Do you know me? Do I know you? Where'd everybody go? But you're still here. And so you stayed for that? You know an awful lot about me. So we become friends? Oh, but I'll have to wait almost five hundred years, and when we meet I won't be able to tell you about this, will I? What's that? (Data's head) History has to fulfill itself. Even Picard knew that. If I told you what happened in that cavern, it would affect any decision you'd make now. I can't do that. I won't. I'm thirsty. No, don't go. They'll be back for you soon. I'll see you in five hundred years, Picard.
(sneaking up from behind) More tea? I didn't mean to startle you. May I? Are you really getting used to it? Do you want to talk about it? Good. I get so tired of people coming in with their problems. They come in, they want a shoulder to cry on, and generally it turns out to be mine. I think so too. So I'm going to talk to Picard about it. Well, yes, you're leaving. That means there won't be a counsellor on board, and I suppose I'm going to have a very long line at that bar. It would be nice to have a nice office, too. I can do that. I could do that too. What would make you say that? Have I given you any indication that I might not serious? Then how do you know? Are your empathic abilities coming back? No one said it was easy. It's much harder than you think. Human intuition and instinct are not always right, but they do make life interesting. You were just being human. Now, is that counsellor position is still open aboard ship? I just thought I'd ask. Better hours. Excuse me.
I've never been any good at being confined to quarters, as my husbands will attest to. What's that? I run a clean place. You want to tell me about it? Are you saying there are nanites loose? So you made better nanites. You know, a doctor friend once said the same thing to me. Frankenstein was his name. Almost. Wes, do you think you're going to get a good grade? So did Doctor Frankenstein. Captain's log, supplemental. Our computer core has clearly been tampered with and yet there is no sign of a breach of security on board. We have engines back and will attempt to complete our mission, but without a reliable computer, Doctor Stubbs' experiment is in serious jeopardy. [Bridge] A lot. Just one. Wouldn't listen to anybody. Not in a species of listeners. It took several hundred years but I managed to bring him around. A mother shapes her child in ways she doesn't even realise. Sometimes just by listening. (Wesley enters with his arm around the waist of a girl who was originally in a scene that got cut) Cute couple.
Dixon Hill around? Tell him Gloria's here. Tell him it's Gloria from Cleveland. Incommunicado. Look, hon. Just tell him Gloria's here. I have an appointment with Mister Hill at two o'clock. So I had a little trouble getting into the dress. It took me a little while to figure out exactly what I was supposed to do with these. (stockings and suspender belt) Gloria From Cleveland. He's never heard of me? Oh, wait, I think you don't understand. You see, this was all been set up in advance. You see, I'm supposed to be Gloria from Cleveland, and I was supposed to be on holodeck number four at two o'clock and you don't have any idea what I'm talking about, do you. Not to worry. Yeah. Gloria. From Cleveland. What does that mean? Oh, I see. Your money? You stole his money? Johnny. Johnny. Talk to me, Johnny. I'm a great listener. This is what you do for fun? Ah, and that's fun? (tyre squeal outside) No, I've had enough fun for today. [Bridge]
I don't want any trouble here, Barclay. Because wherever you go, trouble follows. Yes, I know him comes in. He stands at the bar. He doesn't say much. He orders a warm milk. Warm milk helps you sleep, La Forge. You should try it. What's this have to do with Barclay? He doesn't talk much. Not that I've seen. Well, I just serve him warm milk and let him be. Well, he's imaginative. I know. You engineering types don't appreciate imagination? Terkim. Reminds me of Terkim. My mother's brother. Sort of the family misfit. Everybody told me to stay away from him. Bad influence. Are you kidding? He was the only member of the family who had a sense of humour. Except no one ever stayed around him long enough to realize it but me. My mother tells me I remind her of him, and I probably do. The idea of fitting in just repels me. If I felt that nobody wanted to be around me, I'd probably be late and nervous too. Are you sure? Excuse me.
