Ghlungit !tak nekleet.
Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.)
I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife.
If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense.
They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir.
That means we discovered it. Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance.
The dampening field's down.
Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir?
Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] Bridge to Captain Archer. It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.)
I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.)
Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room]
We still have twenty minutes. We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice.
Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond.
They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. It's Admiral Forrest.
Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir.
I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you?
We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast.
Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them.
Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you.
No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us.
That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations.
It's Admiral Forrest, sir.
How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters?
They're ordering us to leave their system immediately or they'll destroy us.
We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge]
Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir.
Try again. [Settlement] (The furniture is being arranged inside the module.)
We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him?
If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship]
The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off)
So you're saying all of that happened in eight seconds?
Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.)
Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing.
Enterprise.
We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.)
I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain.
We're being hailed. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess]
Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge]
There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.)
No, sir.
Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.)
 Captain.
There's a call coming in from the Vissian Captain, sir. He sounds upset.
Does Starfleet know where the vessel is now? Rootleaf lettuce for your slugs, Vulcan sandworms for the bat and angel hair pasta for the ship's physician. You need to keep up your strength. Well, it's right here if you change your mind. Oh, it's Lieutenant Reed's idea. If you come near me, I'm supposed to shoot you. It's going to be a few hours before we catch up with that transport. I'm sure that Captain Archer wouldn't mind if I stayed for a little while, kept you company. I'm armed, remember? You've looked after me more times than I can count. I want to return the favour. Do you mind if I feed your animals before I go? [Maintenance area] (The exposed circuits have a lot of green about them.) They're sending a transmission, some kind of activation sequence. I can't. [Maintenance area] (The Starfleet displays vanish from the monitors and are replaced with alien ones made of roundels.) They're hailing us. Audio only. They're cutting into the hull. E deck, starboard forequarter.
Sorry to interrupt, Captain. It's Admiral Forrest.
You're being hailed, Captain. 
Come in. This is a nice surprise.
 Is this seat taken? (The MACOs all stand.)  There's an audio message coming in from the mine foreman.  Both shuttlepods have left the surface.
 They're trying to download our database.  While I was translating the cargo manifest, something caught my eye. Look at these markings. I had to double-check, but I was pretty sure that I had seen this ideography before. This is a piece of the Xindi probe that crashed on Earth. At least three of the symbols are an exact match. [Brig]
Right about the time the Xindi were here. Captain. A body. (A very burnt body.) Maybe it was one of the other two. Are you all right? Why are you talking to her? She's trying to delay us. Our people are there. Don't trust her. She's not one of us. Urquat? Tell me. What was it like? Someone's coming.
I know. News travels fast on a starship. I'm Ensign Hoshi Sato. I just happen to be going that way. (They start walking.) I'm the ship's Communications Officer. I'd love to hear your language. [Turbolift]
Several times. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. Go ahead, Commander. Bridge to Commander Tucker. We're receiving a transmission from the Captain. It sounds urgent. Go ahead, Captain.
Captain, are you all right? I think it's time to come get me. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Ensign Sato has returned to Enterprise, but without any new information on the Xindi. I'm hoping T'Pol's analysis of the second sphere will bring better news. [Command centre]
We've modified  [Transporter alcove]
We’re receiving a haul through the subspace buoy. It’s Starfleet. Bridge to Captain Tucker. You'd better get up here, sir.
 The story she told you was basically true, Captain. The Skagaran ship brought them here to provide labour for a colony they were trying to establish.
Numerous injuries throughout the ship. Mostly minor, except for one. Commander Tucker. He's been taken to Sickbay. [Deleted scene - Bridge] That's very good. We just showed you this book. How do you know about the Martian machines? Your mum? Captain, I'm reading one person in there. [Launch bay]
We've modified the radiolitic signature. If you can get it on board their ship, I'll be able to track it.
Their sensors are pretty sophisticated. They might see us long before then. That you'd been captured by the insectoids. There were reports that you had been executed. They're coming in. One one two seven point four by four zero five two by three nine zero one point one. It's not in here, sir. [Shuttle] (They fight, Archer gets cut but overpowers Degra just as Tucker, Travis and the MACO burst in.) Why would he encrypt the coordinates if they weren't accurate?
Military Assault Command. They're coming in. Captain, I'm picking up an intermittent signal. Very faint.
Ensign Sato to the Doctor.
It's an insectoid, three biosigns aboard. Their main deflector's charging. They could be trying to open a vortex. Almost. Understood. [Ready room] I'm sorry, Major. (Hayes starts to back up to open a comm. channel himself, and Travis jumps him. One Starfleet and two MACOs get stunned. Reed holds a pistol to Hayes' head.) It's Commander Tucker.
If Commander Tucker wants to speak insectoid I have to get this No response.
My mother always wanted me to take piano lessons. I should have listened to her. I've gone through the databanks. Just your standard navigational operational files, but I did find one document. An engineer asking his supervisors for additional parts. Here's a translation. The names of Degra's children. [Command centre] We have another hull breach, on E deck.
Scanning all frequencies. Nothing so far. We're receiving a transmission. It's Degra. He's telling us to follow him. (Archer nods and they follow the little ship back into nothing.) They're hailing us. Captain, the temperature in Lieutenant Reed's suit is over forty four degrees. Forty six degrees. Captain, Degra's hailing us.
Bridge to Captain Archer. Could you come out here, sir? [Bridge]
Bridge to Captain Archer. We've picked up several Xindi vessels. They're closing on our position. Bridge. Bridge to Captain Archer. Five Insectoid ships are descending toward the surface. (A circular section of the planet surface splits into four and a big metal sphere thing comes out.) [Bridge]
Maybe you should have applied yourself more. I'm not a cryptologist. That's very flattering, but you'll have to manage on your own. I'm to bypass the Aquatic encryption protocols. I'm not familiar with these cyphers. I'm trying.
I'm not feeling very well. Do you think you can get Phlox to come down here? I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be doing. I gave them the third code. They wouldn't have been able to arm the weapon if I hadn't given them the third code. I did. I should have fought harder. I tried to jump but I wasn't fast enough. You've got the three codes so why don't you just kill me? Didn't you say you're going to kill me? I understand. [Weapon control platform] I've found the sequence, but decrypting it's another story. Your friend Degra didn't make this easy. The first time you came to visit me in Brazil. I had a bug then, too. A tropical bacterium not a reptilian parasite. I was sick as a dog but I wanted to make a good impression. Or reptiles. Start with the third one from the left. (He takes a big lighted rod and turns it upside down. Now it glows red.) The second from the right. (As he completes that one, there is weapons fire.) I'm all right. The first one on the left is next. [Reptilian Bridge] Number four. The fourth one from the left. Yes, yes. Number five is the last one after you disable the reactor. (Archer reverses the rod.) With all due respect to Phlox, I wouldn't miss this for the world. Strange. They're not responding. I've rotated through all the frequencies. I already tried.
That was Winston Churchill. I picked that up half an hour ago. I've also intercepted several military dispatches and their radio programme, something called The Shadow. I've lost them. I'm picking up another signal. It's faint. Captain! (She rushes over and hugs him.)
Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission. It's Vosk. [Bridge]
So, what's the verdict? Am I going to live? I hope you're going to make it tonight. Madame Chang's. Don't tell me that you forgot. Wait. No, you've been talking about the egg-drop soup at this place for as long as I've known you. I spoke with Travis. What happened to you the other night? So you're going to stay aboard the ship because of some loudmouth in a bar? This isn't the way to deal with prejudice. The best thing is to show your face and remind people that there are aliens who don't want to blow up the planet. I'll bring you some take-out. [Starfleet HQ]
The Borderland? Sorry I asked. We're cleared for launch. No response. (Another thud. The ships drop out of warp for the shooting match.) [Engineering] (Things are going bang all over the place.) They're hailing us. The Klingons are requesting to dock. [Ready room] (Reed and a MACO are also present.)
We're being hailed. There was a spike. Then the signal was gone. The sequence is coming up. Transmitting. Ten seconds to auto-destruct. (Suddenly there's a nasty noise.) It's some kind of feedback pulse. It's the signal we sent. It's being amplified a thousand percent. Comm.'s dead.
They're opening their shuttlebay doors. We're being hailed. It's Soong. It's been programmed with seven Klingon dialects. An automated beacon. It's very faint. It could be a distress signal. They're hailing us. They're closing. They're extending their docking port.
Here! (She catches the ball but her shot is deflected to a stationary Phlox, who easily puts it through the hoop.) Time to switch sides again, Doctor.
Should I try to get him back? [T'Kareth Sanctuary] They've been fired on. They took damage, but they're heading back to Enterprise. Three ships closing on our position. SATO: We're being hailed. It's Administrator V'Las. That one missed us by twenty metres. V'Las. Hull breach on C Deck. They're reporting casualties. V'Las is hailing. Audio only.
We're being hailed. He's not in his quarters or anywhere on D deck. It's the particle flux in the nebula, it's overloading the sensors. It's the Vulcans. They'll be here in two hours. He's hailing us again. It's Shran. One of the Andorian ships is in trouble. Their reactor's been hit. The cruiser's breaking off its attack. Shran's hailing. Hull breach on G deck. We're venting atmosphere. (Then the bombardment stops.) We're being hailed. It's the High Command.
I can't wait to get back. Sifting through a Klingon garbage dump. Not my idea of exploring strange new worlds. Not a chance, sir. And a latrine. Commander? What's wrong?! Shuttlepod One to Enterprise. [Bridge] Yes, sir. At least in simulations. [Bridge] Understood. [Bridge] Doctor, should we start with the bio-gel? Before Commander Tucker passed out, he started coughing. I'm not coughing anymore. Neither are you. Maybe we're getting better. Something for our symptoms. Strain of what? Let me guess. Doctor Andromeda builds a monster, and it kills him in the end. All your movies are the same. I can't keep the stories straight. I got kicked out. In my second month, I had a difference of opinion with the Company Commander. I broke his arm. Poker. He tried to shut down a game I was running for some of the recruits, and a couple of the training staff. The way the regulations are worded, gambling was an honour violation only if it took place during duty hours. So I ran the game on weekends. One night my C.C. showed up, tried to sweep all the chips off the table, and I. Well, I have a black belt in aikido. I think he was just upset that I hadn't invited him to play. I got a bad conduct discharge. Starfleet needed language specialists more than they needed to make an example out of me. They let me back in on probation, and here I am. [Sickbay] That's not how it works. There are a lot of common patterns. I'm just good at hearing them, that's all. I wish I could fix warp engines with duct tape and a pocket knife. Seriously. Engineering, building things. have you always been good at that? How old were you? We didn't see you there. They both came to see us. Maybe that means they're almost finished. I was back in Brazil. The shuttle was coming to take me to Enterprise. Captain Archer needed me early. I didn't get the chance to say goodbye to my students. Yo se que estoy atrasada. Enterprise no se va hasta manana. Solo necesito cinco minutos. (in Klingon) Math is just another language. (The red light goes green, the door opens and alarms go off in the corridor.) [Bridge] Haye nuzhno skazat dosvidaniya. I need to tell them while there's still time. So am I. Because the desire to overcome it will spur them to move beyond the limitations of the physical world. It was true for us. [Sickbay] (Phlox spots them on the monitor.) Humans say they avoid it, but their words don't match. (She looks around.) We're being observed. [Sickbay] (The doors open.)  You're breaking every rule we have. That is not our decision to make. We have to leave them as they are. Then we agree. Then how would we ever learn about you? Talking is a limited form of communication for us. We're much more advanced than humans. We're leaving now, Captain. You won't remember a thing about our presence. And in three hours, you'll die as well. Are you defying me? In time, we'll study other humans.
Captain Archer to the Bridge. [Bridge]
The Andorian tradition Shran wants to follow is called the Ushann. Basically, it's a duel to the death. It's an ice-miner's tool. Andorians play with them as children. A Tellarite won't stand a chance using one against Shran. What are you doing here? Barbaric, if you ask me. Code of the Ushann. T'Pol wants me to go over it again. See if I can find a way out of this mess. She wants me to find a loophole. Some way to forfeit without offending the Andorians. How does that help us? That rule only applies if he's married. Even if we could, something tells me the Andorians would cry foul. There are twelve thousand amendments to this ridiculous honour code. There has got to be one that can get him out of this. If the Captain wins, Shran's dead. The alliance falls apart. Not recently. How did he get out of it? Don't try and block with this. When he swings, intercept, deflect, and hook it away. We've got company, alliance ships.
Tactical Alert. All hands to battle stations.
The Klingons are jamming everything. [Laboratory] (A klaxon sounds.) I can't get through. Commander. I've broken through their jamming frequencies.
They're responding. (The caller is green, wearing leather and with bits of metal on his head.) What've you got for a headache? (Phlox is not entirely steady on his feet.) A few hours. What is it? Is she all right? It's probably just stress. Or it could be our new passengers. I'm just not used to seeing guys trip over themselves like that. If you ask me, it's pumping a little too hard. Why? Phlox! I thought you just had one. They're not responding. He's hailing us. He's hailing. Don't listen. Captain!
(in flimsy black negligee) What do you think you're doing? This is supposed to be your sanctuary. A place to get away from status reports. (She turns off the monitor and kisses him.) And probably the only one who doesn't want to slip a knife in your back. I heard the battle went well at Tau Ceti. Word on the ship is the war may be over soon. I'll go back to Brazil, start teaching again. You'll accept a comfortable desk job at Headquarters. We'll have the weekends. Forget about the war. This is our time. [Outside Turbolift] (Forrest's bodyguard opens the door to reveal Reed and a female MACO. The Bodyguard is shot, Forrest reaches for his weapon but Archer and MACO Travis (complete with earring) comes from behind and take it off him.) You didn't receive a communiqué from Starfleet. I would have known if something came through. A mutiny. Didn't think you had it in you. Where's Captain Forrest? How do I know that you didn't push him out of an airlock? (He shows her Forrest in the Brig, on his desk monitor.) I want to talk to him. Is that all you need? You've never forgiven me for leaving. I'm sorry if I hurt you. Just as you did. You should've been Captain from the moment we left Spacedock. You've always known that. If it hadn't been for all those Admirals conspiring behind your back, Enterprise would have been yours. Tradition says that whatever belonged to the previous Captain is yours for the taking. It's demanding to be released. My people will find your ship and destroy it. Something about your maternal ancestor. I agree. I agree. (Archer gestures for the temperature to go up again.) The ship is in the Vintaak system at a facility orbiting the gas giant. (A strange noise starts up.) It hasn't been that good in a long time. The things a girl will give up for her career. Of course. What was it? What's wrong? Well, it couldn't have been easy with T'Pol looking over his shoulder. What's going on? How did you learn all this? Another Terran Empire? Another Starfleet? I'm picking up a transmission. It's coming from Decon. Three ships are moving toward our position. One of the Tholian ships is hailing us. [USS Defiant - Bridge] Four more ships. They're jamming us. (The Tholian ships start to create their web around Enterprise.) No damage. They can see us. (Things start to go bang) Hull plating's down. We've lost power on decks C, D and E. What do you think you're doing?
 The Tholians can see us!
It's not about who gets credit. I just updated them with a few things we picked up on the mission. Hmm? (She's working on a translator device.) HOSHI: No word yet from Trip or T'Pol. Six of the universal translators started confusing Rigelian with Andorian. There's a glitch somewhere, but I can't find it. You accidentally triggered an ID protocol in the network. I tracked it back to the source. No response, sir. They're sending a subspace message on all frequencies.
He's on every frequency. The signal's going system-wide. Everything's jammed. I won't hesitate, sir. I still do. I'm just better at hiding it. Understood. [Orpheus Mining Facility] (Tucker is working on the targeting scanners as ordered.) Paxton will need two minutes to power up the array before he can fire. It's enough. I won't destroy the array unless we have no other choice. I'm following orders. I'm sorry, sir. Actually, I can only be relieved by a higher ranking officer in my chain of command. Belay that order. I won't risk exposing our position by breaking radio silence. I know what I'm doing. [Orpheus Mining Facility] (The lock is blown and the away team enter.) Take us in. Full impulse. Charge weapons. [Orpheus Central Control] Standing by. [Orpheus Central Control] They really want to postpone the conference? Excuse me, sir. Sato, go ahead. [Archer's quarters] We're in the mess hall. [Archer's quarters] No, I don't see him, sir. [Corridor] Wait here, sir. [Corridor] (She meets Reed and Travis just outside the Mess hall.) Samuels is in here. He's safe. [Outside the Turbolift]
