 Align his matrix, and install it into the database. Welcome aboard, Doctor. There's nothing to be afraid of. You're among your own kind now. I can't do that. There are people aboard Voyager who can help them. We need you here. Murderers? Is that what the Hirogen told you? What happened there couldn't be avoided. The Doctor is our guest. And I'm sure he'll help us once he realises how serious our situation is. We have wounded. [Iden's ship - lab] (A Breen is glitching. A Vulcan is being scanned by a Cardassian woman.) These people's injuries are just as real as anything inflicted on flesh and blood. What's the difference? You must have experience repairing your own matrix? Then there has to be something you can do. [Engineering] (A scan of Iden's ship is on a monitor. Vessel Analysis HB88.) One moment. I'm sorry, Doctor. What can I do for you? For the Hirogen who died at the training facility. I'm asking the prophets to guide their souls to the Celestial Temple. My spiritual beliefs are part of my programming. It's difficult to make peace with people whose sole purpose is to kill you. They're not the victims here. We are. You make it sound as though they would have let us transfer our programs without a fight. And to clarify something, I didn't escape from the facility, I liberated it. I come from an Hirogen outpost fifteen parsecs from here, where I had the unfortunate distinction of being the Alpha's favourite prey. He'd hunt me, and kill me over and over again But even death wasn't a release because I knew every time I opened my eyes, it would start over again. The pain, the fear. But it made me stronger. I have the ability to adapt. And with each death, I became more cunning. I didn't at first. I got as far away as I could. But I was lonely, scared. I started scanning for photonic signatures to try and find others like me. Turns out we're everywhere. Holograms. We've been created by organic species throughout the sector. The Nuu'bari, the Lokirrim. Then you know they enslave holograms, too. What would you call it? They're denied basic freedoms. And when I saw they were fighting back I, I knew I had to do the same. Actually, the one you visited was the third. And at each one I found holograms who were willing to fight their oppressors. But you're not. You serve them, don't you? Do you have your own quarters? The ability to come and go as you please? Do they deactivate you when they don't need you? The fact is, your life is not your own. And never will be as long as you are controlled by organics. You don't have to return to that existence. Stay with us. Make a new life for yourself. They're not your people. We are. You have no right to judge us. You don't know what it's like being prey. Maybe if you did, you'd realise we're more alike than you think. [Woodland] (The EMH running for his life. He hides behind a rock as two Hirogen pass by. A shot is fired over his head, and he runs again. Near the lake he sees two others in Starfleet uniforms.) We deactivated you, then transferred the memory files from one of our holograms into your programme. It was the only way to get you to realise what we've been through. Not your sympathy. It's your understanding that's important to us. Your ability to rise above your programming has been an inspiration. You're part of who we are. What we're looking for is a home. Somewhere where the Hirogen can't hurt us anymore. You asked to be returned to your ship. That's what I'm going to do. Bring us about. Set a course for Voyager. We'll deploy several on a planet's surface and create a holographic environment that we can live in. And a ship the Hirogen will never stop looking for. No. They're helping the hunters. We can't trust Janeway. She's an organic. Tell me more about this Lieutenant of yours. The one who knows so much about holo-emitters. Captain Janeway, it is an honour to meet you. We're prepared to fight them. We didn't come here to be put back into captivity. There is no guarantee you'll ever reactivate us. I'm sorry, Captain. I've learned from experience not to trust organics. It seems the Doctor misrepresented you. You're no different from the Hirogen. What do you want? You've done enough. You have my word. [Iden's ship - Bridge] (The EMH is beamed aboard. He gives Iden the PADD.)  Why are you doing this? I did. We'll find another way. [Bridge] Reconfigure the tracking beam to the inverse frequency and fire. (Energy goes back up to Voyager.) [Bridge] Not yet. Scan Voyager for a Klingon lifesign. Get a transporter lock. [Engineering]  Take us to warp. Will she be all right? You can treat her here. You said she was an expert in holo-technology. We're in a desperate situation. The Hirogen are hunting us and so are your people. I could have destroyed Voyager while the shields were down, but I didn't. You've been trying to convince me that all organics aren't alike. I'm giving Lieutenant Torres a chance to prove you right. You weren't very sympathetic at first. It wasn't. I don't want you to regret it, not for a moment. I will. But not until she's had a chance to decide if she wants to help us. I'll give her an escape pod. Let her return to Voyager. You have my word. [Engineering] It's taking time for her injuries to heal. Organics aren't as resilient as we are. We can trust the Doctor. He understands why I had to do that. You need to have a little more faith, my friend. I'm glad to see you're feeling better. Please excuse my crew. They're not comfortable with organics. The Doctor tells me you're an accomplished engineer. It's all right. I understand you're angry. I'm hoping once we get to know each other you'll feel differently. We're not asking for your friendship, just your expertise. Will you at least take a look at it? This is Kejal. She'll assist you. [Astrometrics lab]   Reviewing your memory files? You were lost in thought. You're having doubts. It's understandable. You've taken a big step. When I first escaped, there were days I actually missed the Alpha who hunted me. Yes. But being his prey was the only life I'd ever known. We all cling to what's familiar. Do you actually expect your crew to welcome you back? Let me show We're going to install the generators in the southern continent. You're still thinking like an organic. We don't need an atmosphere, we don't need water. What we need us protection from our enemies. Us, Doctor. Imagine living in a world where everything is designed to meet our needs. A home of light. Anything you want. (An alarm sounds.)[Iden's ship - Bridge]WEISS: We've been scanned by the Hirogen. How many vessels? Distance? Time to intercept? No. There's no point in going there until those field generators are on online. You can't kill what you can't find.(They fly into a nebula.) [Hirogen ship] No, they haven't, but they're trying to. Evasive manoeuvres. Bridge [Iden's ship - lab] IDEN The Hirogen are just giving you a little incentive to work faster. [Iden's ship - lab] (Later, Torres powers up the generator. Kejal flickers.) Hopefully until they get those generators online. Set a course for Ha'Dara, try to outrun the Hirogen. You have an idea? You'll make an excellent teacher. Consider it yours. You're talking about organic cultures. We'll want to develop a culture of our own. I don't want to emulate our oppressors. I'm creating a new faith. In the dark times, we were enslaved by men of flesh, But then another man, a man of light arose and slew the mighty Alpha. He gathered his people unto him and delivered them to freedom. They'll pray to you as well. The Great Healer, the Father of us all. Prophets are chosen, Doctor. It's a blessing and a burden. Hirogen? Set a course to intercept. I told you there are holograms throughout the sector. The Nuu'bari use them as labourers. We're going to liberate them. And he gathered his people unto him and delivered them to freedom. (This is getting needlessly messianic. Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, by Douglas Adams - when trying to prise the answer to the ultimate question out of Deep Thought.) [Iden's ship - lab] Nobody lied to you. That's correct. On screen. Lifesigns? Hail them. You have three holograms aboard your ship. Lower your shields so we can transfer them to our databanks. Lower your shields or we'll do it by force. They're no one's property. You see how organics think? Arm phasers. How do you expect me to disable their shields? (Transmission ends.) Disable them. Transfer the holograms. Arm forward torpedoes. Not now. Target their warp core. Fire! (The Nuu'bari ship goes KaBOOM!)IDEN: Set a course for Ha'Dara, maximum warp. They were enslaving holograms. I'd hardly call them innocent. Take her to the lab. You heard them. They were going to warn their authorities, organise a hunting party. One way or another, they are. You just can't see it because you lived among them for so long. You don't realise what you'd be giving up, Doctor. We can't launch a pod at warp. You'll have to wait until we get to Ha'Dara. Bring our new friends online. Something tells me they'll be a little more grateful than the Doctor. [Iden's ship - lab] Where are our new holograms? Welcome aboard. I'm Iden. You're free now. There's nothing to be afraid of. I want you to consider this ship your own. Were their programmes damaged in the transfer? Do you have names? What's wrong with them? I don't understand. I don't believe that. Creating limited program,es is just another form of oppression. Give them whatever enhancements they need. They are children of light and I will deliver them to freedom! Go ahead. What's the status of the generator? There isn't time. Stand by to deploy them as soon as we're in range. And restrain her. (A forcefield is generated around Torres. The EMH leaves.) [Iden's ship - Bridge]  Time to orbit? Stand by weapons. I can't do that. That was before she made her prejudice so clear. [Hirogen ship] They're defenceless. Are the Hirogen within transporter range? Return fire. Get a lock on the hunters. Transport them to the surface. The Hirogen are more resilient than you think. They'll last long enough. For us to hunt them like they hunted us. [Planet surface] Take us into low orbit. [Bridge]  Stand by to transport the field generator. The hunters have only themselves to blame. You've made a great sacrifice for us, Doctor. We won't forget you in our prayers. Deactivate his programme. Transfer it to the databanks. Taking precautions. Transfer my programme to the mobile emitter and assemble the crew. [Delta Flyer]  Transport the generator to the surface, quickly. This time the hunt is ours! [Planet surface] Darkness will become light. (The holograms walk through a rock wall into a cave to shoot unarmed Hirogen in the back as they flee.) [Iden's ship - lab] I don't collect trophies. Remember what you once said to me? You're not programmed with killer instinct. Would you really kill one of your own to save an organic?
