The question is who are you? (Kira stares at her leather-clad double as we go to the opening titles) No. I don't think so. If you are whom I suspect you are, I'm afraid I can't run the risk of letting you go. Take that one below. Put him to work. Tell the supervisor to keep an eye on him. He won't know the rules. (A Klingon hauls Bashir away while Garak takes Kira.) [Promenade] (This is closer to the station under occupation, with a slave work force under Cardassian and Klingon military rule) What is it you need, Telok? What is your designation. Theta. You worked so hard to earn your Theta designation, to earn our trust. Why do you throw it away like this? Reassign him to Lambda. Send him to the mines. You have made a career out of setting examples, Garak. I think you enjoy it too much. Fine. Interrogate him. But if he dies under your interrogation I will make you my example. Is that clear? Sit down. You are me, aren't you. That makes two of us. Where you come from, things are very much like this, aren't they? There's a station, a Bajor, Cardassians, Terrans, Klingons. You didn't seem to recognise the Alliance. Perhaps you'd recognise the name Kirk. Interesting. On my side, Kirk is one the most famous names in our history. Almost a century ago, a Terran starship Captain named James Kirk accidentally exchanged places with his counterpart from your side due to a transporter accident. Our Terrans were barbarians then, but their Empire was strong. While your Kirk was on this side, he met a Vulcan named Spock and somehow had a profound influence on him. Afterwards, Spock rose to Commander in Chief of the Empire by preaching reforms, disarmament, peace. It was quite a remarkable turnabout for his people. Unfortunately for them, when Spock had completed all these reforms, his empire was no longer in any position to defend itself against us. The Alliance. The historic coming together of the Klingons and the Cardassians. We'd been under Terran occupation for decades. When we were freed, we petitioned for entry and were accepted. We have become quite an influential power within the Alliance. Is it similar at all on your side? I'd be very interested to hear more about it. Well, you see, that's part of the problem. I don't know how to send you back. But, more than that, there is a certain protocol I'm supposed to follow. After the first crossover, we were afraid that others might come to interfere in our affairs. It was decided then that if it ever happened again, we would promptly dispose of anyone who appeared from your side. Unlike my First Officer, Mister Garak, I have no taste for violence. I regret using it even when it seems necessary. You do, don't you? Got any ideas? Me? That appeals to me. But I will have to kill your friend. No, it's too dangerous. The Cardassians and the Klingons would never allow it. You know how to manipulate me. You're right. I don't. (A Cardassian woman enters) Find this attractive young woman some quarters. Kira Nerys, I'll call for you later. [Ore Processing] (Bashir is helping push a truck full of ore when Kira enters.) There she is. Have you met my friend Benjamin Sisko, my dear? Tell us, is there another one of him on your side? Is he as loyal and true as mine? I'm sorry he didn't come with you. Wouldn't that have been something, Benjamin? Two of you by my side. Benjamin! Did I hurt your feelings? Now, what is this I hear about you wanting a transporter? (She gets out of her bath) Quark mentioned something about it during his interrogation. But why? And if you had come to me, I would have told you all transporters were redesigned afterwards to make sure the same thing would never happen again. It won't work. So, why didn't you come to me? You don't trust me. Then you fear yourself. I don't want your fear. I want your love. If you can't love me, who can? Don't be in such a hurry to go. I'm glad you're here. There is so much we can learn from one another. Send him in. (Quark is carried in and dropped on the floor.) Quark. I've always liked you, you know that. You did it because you felt sorry for these Terrans. You hate to see them suffer just as I do. But where would we be without them? Who would perform the labour for the Alliance? A quick death. Don't make him suffer any more. I've planned a party for us tonight. What shall we wear? [Kira's quarters] (Kira enters carrying a gown.) Play something bright. I'm in a happy mood. [Ore Processing] (Bashir is exhausted when Odo kicks him in the back.) This is my fault for listening to you, for keeping him alive in the first place. I know very little about where you come from but from what I've heard, I think your kind has a lot to learn. Quiet. On this side, Terran workers do not speak to their superiors as you do. They certainly do not murder them. He was the only one of his kind, the man you killed. Do you realise that? He's irreplaceable. No one ran that operation as efficiently as he did. No one kept order among the workers as he did. This is my reward for treating you Terrans with the least bit of respect. Very well. I can learn from my mistakes. You want to set an example, Garak? Use him. Set an example for all Terrans. Let him die slowly in public view on the Promenade. Let his pleads for mercy echo through the corridors for all Terrans to hear. Another word from you and you will die right beside him. And you, O'Brien, you tinkerer and putterer and fixer of broken things, you've been a perfect theta for years. What could have possibly gotten into you. What were you thinking? Yes! Not for you, Mister O'Brien. Oh, he's going to be taking you with him. Just not exactly where you thought he would be taking you. (Garak starts to take O'Brien and Bashir out, but Sisko stops him and holds a weapon on him.) Have you lost your mind?
I was wondering when you'd get back. I know, I'm early. But my curiosity got the better of me. Besides, the thought of you pining away for me was too much to bear. Now, tell me. How's our little plan progressing? That's just what I was hoping to hear. (And she kisses him passionately. They come up for air after the break.) Now, tell me everything that's happened since you got here. Even better. You've never been tired before. I don't think you're pleased to see me. It's her, isn't it? The Major's gotten to you. Oh, I'd be very disappointed if you didn't find the Major intoxicating. I mean, after all, she is me, or the next best thing to me. So, what do you think of her? Oh, we know what I'm like. What about her? Oh, please, please. I really want to know. I knew it. She's too good for you. We both are. I mean, you're nothing but a petty thief. That's it? That's all you have to say? Oh? Major Kira must be very You did? How very exciting. So, how soon can we get our hands on it? Which you can bypass. Today you're a thief, but tomorrow, once we bring our prize home, you'll be Bearer of the Orb. The holy man who unites the Bajoran people in a war against the Alliance. Think of it, the wealth, the power. You'll be like a god. So will every other Bajoran. We're going to have such fun. I can hardly wait. You do look tired. You should get some rest. And tomorrow when you see the Major (kiss) give her that from me. Sleep well. [Quark's] Well, what do you think? Wearing the Major's clothes, it feels so intimate. Oh, admit it. You've never found me more exciting. It's like having the best of both worlds. You're right, we'll celebrate later. Did you get the comm. badges? Oh what nimble fingers. Contact me the minute you have the Orb. You're going to look so good wearing a crown. [Shrine] (By the light of the sanctuary candles, Bareil starts to work on the lock.) [Corridor] Everything quiet? Good. Oh, is that really necessary? Of course. (She clutches her shoulder.) I must have pulled a muscle exercising in the holosuites. It's been bothering me all day. Would you mind massaging my shoulders for me? I could make it an order. (So he obeys) A little harder, please. Oh, such strong hands. If only we had some warm Somata oil. That would be nice, wouldn't it? You have a lot to learn about giving a massage. [Cargo bay] (She drags the body in, takes the interdimensional gizmo out of her left boot and waves it over the cargo transporter.) [Shrine] (The forcefield comes down and Bareil puts his hands on the Orb box.) Nerys! Oh, you look as beautiful as ever. (Bareil takes Kira's weapon.) It's only fair. You had your Bareil, I have mine. Don't worry, I have the transporter keyed to this control. All I have to do is tap this key and we're on our way home. Besides, I couldn't leave without saying hello to myself. The transporter sensors showed that you weren't alone in the shrine and I was hoping it was you, Nerys. Bareil's smart but you're smarter. We really are alike, aren't we? Will you stop wasting your breath. Antos and I are a team. We're destined to do great things together. Isn't that sweet? She is still trying to save your soul. Of course, you don't have one. Look at him. Really, look at him. It's important that you see him for what he truly is. Please, Nerys, don't embarrass yourself. You made a mistake. You let Bareil make a fool of you. That's bad enough. Don't make it worse by denying what happened. Just accept it and move on. And people say that I have a large ego. Tell her, Antos. Tell her how you were using her, that everything you told her was a lie. That every time you touched her all you could think about was me. (Bareil shoots the Intendant.)
