See you later, Dad. I'm late. For Nog. It's done. I'm going to ace the test, Dad, I promise. What am I ever going to use Klingon opera for? Dad, even if I did, they wouldn't be going around singing operas. When was the last time you listened to Klingon opera? There, you see? Just because you suffered through all that doesn't mean I have to. Dad. (Odo enters)
Dad? I'm outside our quarters. Could you come down for a minute? I really think you ought to come down, Dad. Look. (the graffito is on their front door) [Kira's quarters] (Kira is packing)
Dad what are you doing up? I had a weird dream. Nah, it's nothing. It's stupid. Okay, but don't laugh. I don't know. I was on the station somewhere. I'm not sure where. And I was trying to get back here but I couldn't find my way. Every time I saw a familiar corridor, it kind of led into some other direction. See, I told you it was stupid. Well then, I guess I got a little scared and started looking for you, but I couldn't find you. Somehow I ended up in Ops but you weren't in your office. And then it was like the floor started sloping and I couldn't keep my balance and all I wanted to do was find you. Dad, I love you. I have a calculus test in the morning. Yeah. Dad? I miss her. So then Tiet looked down at Altrina's lunch and said, Klingon food? Those are worms. And Altrina vomited all over the table. It was pretty disgusting. Nice? She threw up. Dad, are you in love? You know, with a woman. You're showing all three of the signs. The ones that Nog told me about. Loss of appetite, daydreaming, smiling all the time. Look, I just want you to know that if you're in love, it's all right with me. What's she like? Interesting, huh? So when do I get to meet her? Why? She likes you too, doesn't she? So then what's the problem?
It'll close. I know, but I'm not moving to one G twelve. I found some great quarters over in section M. Dad, don't get all sentimental on me. I don't have a son. Yeah, maybe, but right now I'm standing here and I can't wait to spend my first night in my own place. (Slams the case shut.) See? I told you it'd close. Yeah, well some weeks maybe even two. Yeah, well, things change. Lights! So, what do you think? Yeah, I know what you mean. We're on our own now. No one to tell us what to do. They were here yesterday. We're going to clean every day? So what do you want to do tonight? Dom-jot? Holosuites? I haven't gone to bed that early since I was twelve. The gym? I've heard of them. I think I'll pass this morning. You can work out for the both of us. Please, Nog, no clichés before breakfast. Orange juice, extra large. A healthy way to start the day. What's this? What's it doing here? You read my story? What did you think? That's it? That's all you have to say? You changed my words? You can't change a writer's words without his permission. That's sacrilege. There won't be a next time. From now on, if you see my stories lying around here, don't read them. Don't even touch them. Just leave them right where they are. Hey, Nog. Yeah, that was nine hours ago. A man's got to live, and sometimes living is messy. I'm working on a story right now. I'll do it in the morning. (Nog snatches the PADD.) Sometimes when I get stuck, I play dom-jot. It clears my mind. I told you, I'm busy. We didn't agree to anything. You've been shouting orders ever since you moved in here. I'm not in Starfleet. You're right. I'd die of embarrassment wearing those pajamas. Where are you going? I'll pack them for you. Come in. Dad? I though you were going to call first. What's wrong? Smaller quarters. All right, if I have to. So where do I go? You're kidding. I don't know. I guess not. Are you going to start cleaning again? Good, because it'll take a long time to clean up this pigsty. It's bad. You want to go to the gym? Healthy body, healthy mind. You're on. [Mountainside] (More rock than tree, and the wind has picked up as Quark crawls upwards, ever upwards. Meanwhile, lower down.)
(mouths) What? Oh, you okay? Well you should know not to end a programme sitting down. You were supposed to meet me half an hour ago. Don't worry about it. How's it going, anyway? Is that the cutoff point for getting into the Academy preparatory programme? Don't worry about it, Nog. You'll get there. You think six weeks of summer classes'll make the difference? Don't worry so much, Nog. You'll be a great cadet. I'll bet. Okay. Yeah, way to go. When you ace the Academy entrance exam.
Hey, Dad. Let me guess, you've convinced the Peljenites to exchange ambassadors with the Federation. You're cooking chicken paprikish. You only cook Hungarian food when you're in a really good mood. Runs in the family. You know, I've got some good news, too. Captain Yates is back on the station. Kasidy Yates. The freighter captain I told you about. I could invite her over for dinner. How about tomorrow night? You're going to like her, Dad.
He's been at that piano since seven o'clock this morning. Grandpa. We've left him alone for three months. He said he came here to figure out a way to contact the Prophets, to make things right. So far he hasn't even left the restaurant. (Sisko's baseball rolls off the piano and leans over to get it he goes into a vision of himself digging in a desert to uncover the carved face of a woman. The stone turns into dark skin and her eyes open. End of vision.) Dad? What's wrong? Dad? And? Who was she? Dad, Grandpa and I are going to Armstrong Park to listen to some music. You want to come? What's that? Hey, I've seen her before. In a photograph. I'll be right back. (Sisko keeps adjusting eyes and nose while Jake runs upstairs and comes back with a small photograph.) Here she is. I knew it. It's her, isn't it? Why don't you ask Grandpa? I found it last week when I was cleaning out the storage room. I meant to ask you about it. Maybe she didn't know it was Bajoran. Maybe it was a gift from someone. I never knew there was an Orb of the Emissary. If you can find it, maybe you can find a way to contact the Prophets. Why there? How many clams do you think you've cleaned since we got here? You're kidding, right? Grandpa! Grandpa! [Sisko's restaurant] (The lunchtime crowd is in.) We're coming with you, Dad. Yes. I even brought my toothbrush. (A knock on the door.)
Dad, pass me the potatoes. Dad? The potatoes? Dad, is something wrong? What about them? There's something going on, isn't there? You tell me. (doorbell)
I'm stuck on this new story I'm working on, and coming here helps me focus. I just thought I thought you were going to ask me to leave. You always used to chase me away. I don't have any sand peas. Nog? Maybe a little. I'm not here every day. Nog'll be back, and he'll be wearing a Starfleet uniform. I'm proud of what he's doing. You don't want me hanging around here? Fine. I'll do my thinking someplace else. (Jake leaves.) Dad, I'm home. (Sisko is sitting on the settee with Jennifer Sisko, his dead mother) Mom? (After the credits, when Jake has picked his jaw back up off the floor.) So you're Jennifer Sisko, but you're just not my mom. You look exactly like her. More than a little. Did you tell her? Ever since my dad told me about you I've been wanting to meet you. You even sound like my mother. So why are you here? Really? That's great. Then the rebels control Terok Nor. You're not leaving, are you? Would you like another raktajino? That's amazing. I never thought I'd hold these hands again. They feel just like my mother's. I'll get you that raktajino. [Captain's office] (The Minister and his entourage leave through Ops.) Why not? Dad. I'm sorry, but I had to come. Somehow, talking to Jennifer, telling her all about the past nine years, about all the things that happened to me, what I've done, what I've been thinking about. It's like telling Mom. Yeah, but in some ways, she's just like her. And not just physically. She listens like Mom. And it's the exact same smile. This place is unbelievable. Chief O'Brien, Doctor Bashir, Dax, they're all here. I know, it's not really them but, look here's Nog. This is my father. She likes you. I'm not making any plans. Jennifer! So, what do you think? Chicken a la Sisko. Well, all Sisko men have the cooking gene. You should try my Dad's shrimp Creole. In a minute, Dad. I don't want to leave a mess. No, I want to. (Jake clears the plates.) Nothing. I'm just thinking. Where I come from, it's you and I that would hang out here, and it's your uncle that would chase us away. All right, you made your point. I'm going. I guess I am. Sure. [Holding area] I don't see why you can't come to Deep Space Nine with me. She needs a doctor. She's my mother. Dad. See, I told you he'd come. Dad. (Father and son hold each other in grief.)
Yeah. Yeah, I'll be right there. I just want to get this last paragraph right. I tried, but it's all I can think about. Deal. (Tilt, red alert) It's not here. Got it. No! [House] Great. I don't know if I really want to try it again. I know. Well, I was thinking about taking that deferred admission and going to Pennington in the fall. But maybe I'll just stick around here. I don't know. I haven't decided yet. It's late. I think I'll turn in. Dad? I thought I'd watch the ships leave from one of the upper pylons. I don't have to go, do I? I'm not going anywhere. Please don't make me leave. Not yet. This is my home. When my Dad and I came here this place was just an abandoned shell. He turned it into something. Everywhere I look it's like I see a part of him. If I leave I won't have anything left of him. Dad? Dad, it's been over a year since the accident. I thought it was a dream. When I saw you in my quarters I should have felt you were alive. I should have known it. Dad! Don't leave me. (But he does) Don't leave me. [House] How'd you know that was coming? You okay, Dad?
There you are. From the look on your faces I can see you haven't had much luck getting Rom out of jail. It's not all bad. Not for me. I'm getting a message out to my Dad. I'm a reporter. I have my ways. He's going home for his mother's birthday or something. He has an encrypted message for my Dad in one of her presents. (Kira goes over and helps Morn tie the pink ribbon into a bow.) [Sisko's office] (Sisko and Admiral Ross have the ribbon that was on Morn's present.)
Morning, dad. Nog and I ran into Kasidy last night over at the Vulcan restaurant. I guess she's not going to take that job after all. She said you didn't want her to take it. Yeah, maybe, but I don't think this is one of those times. It's pretty simple, Dad. You're scared. A lot. Kasidy's willing to make a major change in her life just to be close to you. If things don't work out, you're going to feel responsible, and that's scary. Actually, I talked with Nog about it. And we think you have nothing to worry about. If Kasidy wants to change jobs, that's her decision, not yours. Same thing if she wants to live on the station. If things don't work out, they don't work out. No. Nog and I thought about it, but we thought it would be better if you told her yourself. So, what's new with you? [Mountains]
Here you go. Enjoy. Blackened redfish with creamed spinach and sautéed beets. It's mine. I don't. I took lessons for a while but I wasn't very good. Dinner is ready. [Commander's office] (Sisko and Dax are playing traditional chess, and she's humming her new tune.)
Nog, we've been sitting here over an hour. Let's go play some ball in the holosuite. Why not? And you can't hit my curve ball. Maybe, but you still can't hit my curve ball. We're not going to fall, Odo. Nothing. Are you going to come to the holosuite with me or not? Come on, we can have Buck Bokai hit a few out to us. He was the greatest hitter of all time. I'll even let you use my glove. She's all right. You're sure this is the place? What? Me? You're the one who wants to meet her. Of a girl? You ring. No I'm not, you are. (While they are pushing and shoving each other, the door opens) He's Nog. I'm Jake Sisko. (They way into the room uninvited) We're kind of the unofficial welcoming committee around here. Would you like a tour of the station? There's a Klingon freighter leaving for the Gamma Quadrant in a little while. We could watch it go through the wormhole. Thanks. So, how about it? You want to go? Unless you're busy or something. I guess if she's not here, we'll try again at her quarters. She asks me questions, I answer them. What's wrong with that? Then, how come you can barely say two words to her without getting tongue tied? I've never seen you so nervous. You must really like her. Looking for you. Is something wrong? You seem a little depressed. When I have a problem I can't figure out, I ask my dad. Yeah. My dad's a pretty smart guy. I'm sorry. My mom was killed during an attack by the Borg. Isn't there someone you can talk to? Someone you trust? My dad says I trust him. We were just leaving. (The three leave quickly) [Sirah's chamber] Hi, you want to do something? Okay, we'll stop by later. Let's go before you embarrass yourself. That's not going to help. What are we going to do with that? Are you kidding? Yeah, but But we can't just walk into Security. Odo lives in it. He's a shape shifter. Every sixteen hours he has to change back to his original form. He turns into some kind of liquid. (Nog opens the Security office doors from the inside) [Security office] Maybe this isn't such a good idea. Well it's not like we're really stealing anything. Odo! Odo! Very funny. (throws a handful at Nog) We thought we'd wish you luck with your meeting.
You know, you can tell a lot about people's moods just by watching them walk on the Promenade. When things are going good, people take their time, window shop and talk to their friends. Then there's days like today. They can feel the Klingons breathing down their necks. I suppose. But sometimes I wish that he wasn't so good at his job. That way, maybe every once in a while they'd give someone else the tough assignments.
Hey, Dad. (Sisko drops off his bag in his bedroom and comes back.) What is this? I like it. How was Bajor? The re-opening of some old library isn't exactly my idea of a good time. Great. What is this, some kind of ship? You mean that when humans were first sailing across the oceans, Bajorans were already going to other planets? That seems hard to believe. What are these? Like a sailboat catching the wind. I wonder if a ship like that could really fly? Really. Seems reasonable. That's not so long. What? That's when Leanne is supposed to get back from Bajor. I really want to see her, and I don't know how long she's going to be here. I'd like to, but it's just not good timing, you know? Computer, are there any messages for me? Display it on screen. (Whatever it says makes Jake happy.) [Bajoran ship] Hello. Hey, Dad. Well, it's wonderful. Maybe a bit small for two people but I think I could get used to it. That is, if you still want me along. [Replimat] (Bashir is at a table, reading medical PADDs. Dax looks over his shoulder.) That's as far as they'll go. It's just. Oh. All right. Now I get it. Why you wanted to build this ship. Okay. How's that? Hey, Dad, where do we sleep? Is this the bathroom? How am I suppose to? How are you supposed to, er? Yeah, sure. (Sisko throws him a plastic bag.) Don't tell me we only have zero-gravity rations. I don't hear anything. Dad, there's something I need to talk to you about. First you should read this. It's a story I wrote. Deal. [Infirmary] (The Lexington is docked at a lower pylon and Bashir is spring cleaning.) So, what do you think? You're not just saying that? What did you think about the part where Jared thinks he's been betrayed? Yeah, I guess he could wait until he gets back from the Demilitarised zone. So you really think it was good, huh? What? Promise? I can't talk about it. (pause) I had you going there. I'm thinking about it. What I mean is, yesterday I got a communication from the Pennington School in New Zealand, and they offered me a writing fellowship I didn't really. What happened is, I showed a story I wrote to Mrs O'Brien. I guess she liked it because she showed it to a friend of hers who knows someone at the school and (Bang. A winch uncranks and a sail goes awry.) Can we fix it? The ancient Bajorans probably ran into these kinds of problems. Well, did they give up and go home? What are we waiting for? Yo. Nice. (And nearly falls out the other side.) I'm okay. I'm fine. Yes. Dad, before you say anything. I'm turning down the Fellowship. I'm just not ready to go. I can defer admission for a year. If I want to go then, I still can. I don't know. They just might be, that's all. You must have used up a month's worth of transporter credits. It's not me I'm worried about. It's you. If I go, you'll be all alone. I guess, but I'd feel a lot better if you had someone. You know, someone special, like a girlfriend. Let's face it. It's been over a year since your last date. A year, Dad. You've got to make time for these things. Don't think of me as your son right now. Just think of me as another guy. Another guy who happens to know a very attractive lady who wants to meet you. Well why not? (Big crash.) What was that? How can that be? What happened? What are these? Could we have gotten caught up in one? Because of the sails. The question is, where did we end up? We lost the jib and port mainsail. (And the sextant is broken.) What? We were so close. Another day and we would have made it to the Denorias Belt. Is something wrong? Is the comm. unit damaged? You think we could have been carried that far away from the station? Well, they'll find us eventually, right? So, Dad, we're not going to run out of air or anything, are we? Well, she's a freighter captain. Dad, trust me, you'll like her. What? Don't worry, I won't. I've already decided to wait at least a year. Well, I've heard that you can only write about what you've experienced. And you've got to admit, Deep Space Nine is a pretty good place to get experience. (Jake looks out of the porthole.) Dad! (Three Cardassian warships.) What do you think they want? (Comm. beep) The tachyon eddy. It must've taken us past the Denorias Belt and brought us here. We did it! We proved the trip was possible.
There you are, Chief. I was beginning to think you were going to miss your own party. Make a wish. (O'Brien blows out the candle.) Did you see any Pah-wraiths? In the Fire Caves. Odo was telling me the caves were haunted by some sort of weird supernatural beings. Well, maybe next time you go to the Fire Caves, I could come along. I've always wanted to meet a Pah-wraith.
Dress uniform? It looks great. Besides, baggy's quite fashionable on Bajor right now. Lemonade. Well, a lot of Bajoran girls come to the station with their families. Dad. Try a few years ago. That's okay. I already know them, Dad. Nog. We were just talking. Fine. Fine. What's going on anyway? Rolling out the red carpet, huh? Nog and I were setting up a reactive ion impeller for school. Come on. We were just working on a school project. Dad, I'm fourteen. Fine. So, how'd it go? Do you know where my Dad's gone? Last night, he was making a big deal about us having a talk this morning. But when I got up he was gone. The computer says he's not on the station. School's closed while Mrs O'Brien's back on Earth. Nog and I were going over to airlock three and watch the Bajoran transport passengers come on board No, we were just Thanks, Odo. (Jake leaves)
Fine. I've deleted half the Cardassian files from the computer. I can't believe how many subroutines it took just to run this ore processor. That's a lot of ore. How could the Bajoran workers survive that? You really think we can convert this place into a deuterium refinery? We're almost finished, Dad. Chief, I'm having a problem deleting one of these files. Yeah, but the file's still here Or what? Now what? It's not locked. I can get in there. I can do it. (Jake gets into the bottom of the chute.) Loud and clear, but I can't see a thing. Okay, let me see if I can find it. Ow! Yeah, I just banged my head on something. Wait a second, there's a junction here. It feels like it goes off in two directions. Which way do I go? Do it again, Dad. Got it. I'm in the chute. (The Dukat recording drones on under the dialogue) Found it. I can reach, but I can't get hold of it. I'm trying, I can't I got it. (Jake opens the door on the upper level and the two men up scramble then into the chute) [Ops] Wait a second, I found something. I don't know. Some kind of room. It sure is dirty. Doesn't smell too good either. Jake Sisko to anyone who can hear me. What do we do now? [Ops] Anything? You did it. It worked! [Ops] We didn't even get that far. It's too far. I'll never make it. I'm going with you. Can't we get around it? But If you don't tell him, I won't. [Reactor control junction] (Sisko is still pressing buttons.)
Approve? I'm the one who set you up with Kasidy in the first place. Practically had to twist your arm. A freighter captain? You want me to go out with a freighter captain? You shouldn't have doubted me. I knew from the first time I met her that she was the woman for you. Like what? Are you serious? I mean, are you sure you don't want to ask Grandpa or Dax? I'm honoured. Best man, huh? That means I get to plan the bachelor party. [Runabout Ganda]
Leanne. I thought you were on Bajor. Really? And you ordered the gagh. How is Orak? I haven't talked to him in a while. Oh. I'm supposed to play dom-jot with Nog. But they're not really firm plans. In fact, I was thinking of cancelling them. Sure. I'll be there. But this time we'll skip the gagh. Okay. (Leanne walks away, the security office doors open and O'Brien, Odo and security run out) Yeah. It's about tomorrow night Nog, we have a little problem. It's not that. I just can't make it tomorrow night. I, I made other plans. I have a date. It is? Is that a Rule of Acquisition? Leanne. Your date? I'm sure she does. Nog, that's not what I had in mind. When you put it that way. I'll do my best. Riska ,weren't you telling me your uncle runs a bar on Osinar Six? You know, Nog's uncle runs this bar. Nog, what do you think you're doing? Wait, you're not leaving? I never said anything about cutting Nog! Me? And you were behaving like an idiot. This is the last time I'll ever do a favour for you. From now on you get your own dates. Fine! Not much to tell You should've seen the way he acted, Dad. He was acting like a spoiled brat. I've never been so embarrassed. I don't think Leanne will ever speak to me again. All kinds of stupid things. Riska couldn't even say two words without him telling her to be quiet. And he insisted that she cut up his food for him. He was treating her like she was some kind of slave. Well, in that case, maybe you were right all along. You once said that Humans and Ferengis are too different to ever really be friends. Well, I know one thing. I'm never going to set him up on a date again. I'm not sure Nog is going to be willing to talk to me so soon. Odo, I'd like you to do me a favour. I want to be arrested. [Holding area] (Jake is already in a cell when Nog is hauled in.) No kidding. Ask Odo. All right. I put Odo up to this because I wanted to talk to you. I didn't think you'd listen to me otherwise. I wanted to say I'm sorry. I guess I just forgot you're a Ferengi. What I mean is, we spend so much time together and we seem so much alike, I sometimes forget we're different. You want to talk about sick? Sick is making Riska cut up your food for you. Chew it? That is disgusting. Well, do you have any other disgusting Ferengi customs I should know about? Great. So we both disgust each other. You know, as we get older, this is just going to get worse. But I know one thing. I don't want to lose you as a friend. Agreed. And I guess we'll just have to deal with the rest of our disgusting habits as they come up. Yeah. Sure. Odo? Odo? He's just playing around. Odo! Station log, supplemental. Kai Winn has announced that Legate Turrel has signed the peace treaty. The news has sent a shockwave throughout the quadrant. And although there is still some opposition from hard-line elements on both Bajor and Cardassia, it looks as though they're finally willing to put their long conflict behind them. [Wardroom] (It's party time, but one guest is very down.)
Too bad about the barstools. I kind of liked them. They're in love. Well, it's a Okay, so now you have him looking for a gift. What are you up to? I won't write a word, I promise. This is just character research. Quark, listen. I'm working on a crime novel but I've hit a wall in my writing. It's not truthful anymore. Phony, artificial. I'm having trouble creating real, flesh and blood characters, especially nefarious ones. If you could just let me just watch and listen as you pull off whatever it is you're going to pull off, it could really help me out. You could give me insight. I could even model my lead character after you. Sorry. Great. Completely. [Engine room] He has deputies. What's going on? Already? You just talked to him. Can't you just explain to him that he'll have to wait a day. What are you going to do? Gorgeous. That's a lot. You know there's still a chance that Odo won't find out about any of this. Like what? I'm not drinking to that. Neither do I.
It's stable? Can I talk to you for a minute. No. There was only me and four other kids left, but she still kept the school open. She changed the lesson to teach us about Galileo. Did you know that he was tried by the Inquisition for teaching that the Earth moved around the sun? How could anyone be so stupid? But the same thing is happening now with all this stuff about the Celestial Temple in the wormhole. It's dumb. But there were no Prophets. They were just some aliens that you found in the wormhole. Are you serious? You're worried, aren't you? What're you going to do?
It was no big deal. It's wasn't really a date. Not exactly. I told him I had to help someone with their homework. It's not a lie, Nog. Mardah's studying entomology. She asked me to help her out. It's true. The study of bugs. Hey, who's that? He must be one of those Skrreeans. My dad says there's a lot more on the way. (Tumak sees them watching him) Hi! Nog! Where are you going? What's that smell? So what did your Dad say? About you getting in trouble with Odo. He was? You're going to have to face them sooner or later. And luckily nobody got hurt. I think my friend's real sorry for what he did. Aren't you? See? What did I tell you? Excuse me. (He goes up the line to Tumak) If you like cake, the icoberry torte is really good. Yeah. You're not the first one to say that. But he's not such a bad guy once you get to know him. My dad says you're probably going to Draylon Two. Yeah. Sounds like a nice place. No.
No. It's just that Dad seems to be taking his role as Emissary very seriously these days. You have to admit, I mean, it's a long way to come to see some old ruins. Yeah, I hope so, otherwise I don't have a story. Rarely? (And further still.) Who built this place? And then B'hala was built on top of them. What? I don't. The reckoning must begin. Limited. He is of Bajor. Or the beginning. Dad, are you okay? Let's get out of here. You're up late. I don't know. I guess I just wanted to see if you're all right. I don't know. It's this Emissary stuff. It scares me a little. Twice now, twice in one year, Doctor Bashir's called me down to the Infirmary to tell me something was wrong with you. And there you were, lying unconscious on a biobed, having visions or something. And all I could do was stand there and wonder if you were going to wake up. I don't want it to happen again. Let it begin. (After the break, possessed Jake is down on the Promenade.) Your Emissary offers himself to us. His faith wavers. (Jake throws Sisko back along the Promenade with a wave of his hand. Energy plays over the possessed bodies, blue for good on Kira, red for bad on Jake. Then a stream of energy comes out of each of them and collides midway. The battle is joined. Veins stand out on both combatants foreheads under the effort.) Dad. Could be worse. Say you're happy to see me. You don't have to explain. When the Pah-wraith was inside me, I could feel its hatred and I knew that no matter what, it couldn't be allowed to win. Even if it meant I had to die. You did the right thing. [Promenade] (Kira comes out of the Temple.)
Hi. Then how did you get the symbiont? You don't even know why we're going. A little queasy? You just prefer the human touch. You're sure you're okay? Torias Dax? He was one of the previous hosts, wasn't he? Actually, I am. My dad seems a lot happier ever since you showed up. What makes you so sure? You're a therapist? A little. Then why'd you order it? So did Jadzia. Why don't we use the ship's scanners to find the Orb? The Prophets have spoken. Grandpa, you sure you don't want to go back up to the runabout? I got you. (Near the top, under two midday suns, Sisko takes off his backpack and just keeps the shovel and baseball. Ezri picks up the water pouches. Jake and Joseph are so far behind they've lost sight of Sisko and Ezri.) Let's go. (Sisko walks down a slope by some rocks.) Right over there in the shade. (Ezri brings water packs.) There you go, Grandpa. What is it, Dad? Have you found something? He can't hear you. (Jake puts his hands on his father's and is thrown backwards) Yeah. It's Dax. That's right, Ezri Dax. Incredible, isn't it?
Dad, I've got to talk to you. He followed me home from the holosuite. [Bashir's quarters] (Bashir is having a nice dream when a pair of hands start stroking him. He wakes suddenly.) I can't go. I've got homework to do. You don't understand. If I go to the holosuite without finishing my homework, my dad'll kill me. Yeah. I know he would. I'm trying not to. I couldn't understand the directions. The computer accidentally erased the instruction page. No, I guess not. (Sisko vanishes) I've really got homework to do. (Buck vanishes and the crowd sounds stop) [Ops]
You got it. (O'Brien picks up a fancy perspex tube, possibly with a light bulb in the end.) It's a Perfect. Chief, you know this stuff. You don't have to worry about it. Even if you get one wrong, no one'll think anything of it. You may be a little rusty, but you're still the Chief.
She is cute.
Morning, Chief. You look terrible. When is Professor O'Brien due back from Bajor? That long? Don't worry about it, Chief. Everything's going to be fine. I'll take care of Yoshi. Absolutely. Absolutely. I've babysat Ensign Pran's hatchlings a couple of times, made sure their little wings didn't get tangled. Even better. Don't worry, Chief, I know the drill. Now go to work. You need the rest. You see, no problem. He, he You're good. To work? Way to go, Quark. I had my whole life ahead of me.
Nog! What ship you on? I'm on the Ganges. That's not where I'm going. My ship's going to the Korat system. I guess that's where they're taking all the Starfleet families. Just when I think I've found a new home, made a new friend, it always seems like I got to leave. Cut it out. Never. Coup d'état. It's French. I've been thinking. I really think it'd be better if I stayed. Look, I just don't want anything to happen to you. What's this? A letter? I'll read it as soon as I get on the ship. Dad! (Jake and Sisko embrace)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Yeah. So? What? You're certifiable, you do realise that?
Character sketches for possible stories. A Bolian tries to impress a dabo girl by wearing a toupee. A thief disguises himself as a Monk so he can swindle a Ferengi. A woman travelling alone. She's come a long way. (The woman looks up at Jake. Their eyes meet. Jake looks away and she walks off.) [Security office] (A woman in a purple dress is waiting for Odo, crying.) I'm working on a story. Jake Sisko. Yes. Tavor Kell the architect? What was he like? You wouldn't think he was shy from his designs. He must've listened to you. I, er, I've always wondered what Kell would have designed if he'd lived to be older. I don't know. I think it's mostly because I like to tell stories. All right. I guess I do want to be remembered. Well, I'm thinking of going to the Pennington School, on Earth. How? Can you show them to me? I'll be there. [Sisko's quarters] (On PADD 4747, Jake is reading The Commodore by C S Forster, again.) Dad, I was thinking about staying home. I know. I thought maybe you and Kasidy would have a better time without me. It's not just that. I'm also working on this story and I don't want to lose my concentration. Me too, but I really need to focus on this. It's Jake. Jake Sisko. Remember me? (The door opens.) I brought some of my stories for you to read. Oh. I thought maybe Maybe a little. I have an idea for a novel. It's sort of autobiographical. The main character's mother dies. It's not about that really. It's about a lot of things. Yeah. How'd you know that? You knew him? I don't know what to say. Thank you. Paper. I've never worked on paper before. What's that? Can you teach it to me? What do you mean, keep going? This isn't bad. I've never been able to write like this. Ideas are coming so fast I can barely keep up with them. It's okay. It's just a nosebleed. I'll be all right. It's already stopped. Where was I? (And he starts writing again.) [Odo's quarters] Not now. I'm onto something. I'll see him later. What'd you do that for? No, I'm not. My mind has never been so clear. Everything is coming together. At this rate, I can finish this novel in a few days. All right, I'll go home. Maybe get some sleep. Of course. I need you. [Turbolift] Promenade. (Jake feels dizzy.) [Replimat] (Jake nearly trips over the step.) Orange juice. (Jake takes his drink to a table, goes to sit down and misses.) [Infirmary] (Jake is on a bed with the forehead device on.) Onaya. Where is she? I can't. Dad, don't interfere. Okay, I guess. You've read it? What'd you think? Remind you of anyone? I know. I just wish I wrote it. How can I be sure? I mean, without Onaya. But she got them out of me. You're right. But I got to tell you, I don't feel up to writing just yet. Sounds like a plan. I'll be here. (Sisko leaves, then Jake picks the pen. We see the title of the novel, Anselm, and under it he writes by Jake Sisko.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
You are evil. He was going to walk away a winner. What? My idea? Oh, I guess I might have mentioned something about having you over. I thought he forgot. Oh, no. No, of course not. It'll be great. You're going to love my dad's cooking. (As the young people gaze into each other's eyes, Quark is tallying his takings when a purple-haired female comes and strokes his lobes.) Why didn't you tell me you were going to invite Mardah to dinner? I still wish you'd given me a little more warning. It doesn't, and it's not a problem or anything. It just caught me by surprise. Yeah. I mean, there's nothing to prepare for. It's just dinner. Right. All right. [Infirmary] You're going to love this. Did I mention that Mardah's quite a writer? Yeah. Mrs O'Brien used to say that Mardah should try to get some of her stories published. Yes, they are. No, you don't have enough faith in yourself. Well, sort of. Not really. Why don't I see how dessert's coming? (Jake leaves the room.)
It's a Ferengi tooth sharpener. (Worf tries it) I wonder how many hours you and I spent hanging around up here. You know, aside from playing dom-jot and watching the Bajoran transports dock, it seems like we spent most of our time doing nothing. Same here. I'll walk you over to the airlock. It was a good spot.
Don't believe everything you hear. We've got to stop them. It would also keep them from detonating the mines. What kind of questions? I'd say about ninety minutes. Will do. (Quark is still stunned by what he did. Jake drags him out.) [Odo's quarters] He arrives with questions. [Ops] We do not agree. A penance must be exacted. I really missed you. It's good to have you back, Dad. She's in the Infirmary, with Ziyal. [Infirmary]
My science project. I'm growing Bajoran katterpods to find out which hybrid yields the biggest root. Yeah. Pretty neat, huh? I'm a low tech kind of guy, Dad. Learn how to pilot a runabout? Visit the Gamma Quadrant? I don't know. I could do a planetary survey? Really? That's great! Thanks, Dad. I bet we'll have a great time. Dad, guess what? I was talking to Nog and it turns out he's having trouble coming up with a science project, so I told him he could be my partner. We asked Mrs O'Brien and she said it would be okay, so I invited Nog to come with us to the Gamma Quadrant. Dad, if Nog doesn't get a good grade on this science project, he's going to drop out of school. And I can't let that happen. That's not enough. Mrs O'Brien said he'd have to be an equal partner. Come on, Dad. He's my friend. I have to help him. [Quark's cafe] Nog, you promised. I'll be right there. He was kidding. Look, Dad. I know this isn't exactly the trip you planned on, but you'll see Nog's a great guy. We will. Don't worry. You won't even know Nog's along. This'll be a great trip, you'll see. Dad, please. Thanks, Dad. Thanks. [Forest] (WHOOSH and over to a lush green Gamma quadrant planet for our group to go hiking on.) This place is great. The atmosphere's seventy seven percent nitrogen, twenty one percent oxygen, and two percent carbon dioxide. The water contains traces of copper, nickel and a little birythium. It's from the surrounding soil, but we think it's localised. Jumbalaya? Great. You're going to love it. Not me. Yeah, I want to start cataloguing the plant life first thing in the morning. You know what this reminds me of? I don't think I remember you, me, and Mom ever having more fun together. Mom taught me how to water ski. I'm ready whenever you are. I'm sure Nog is too. I'm joking. (Quark screams) I'd better go see if he's okay. (Jake follows Nog) Dad, this is Jake. Where are you? Dad, answer me. You heard my Dad. There aren't any wild animals, just insects and plants. Take a look at this. (Footprints) I don't know any trees that wear boots. Listen, we can't run away just 'cos we're scared. There's nothing to plan. My Dad never would've left here without telling me first, not unless he was in some sort of trouble. We can track them with the tricorder. Pretty sure. Would you be quiet? I'm picking up some kind of humanoid lifeforms. (They've found a cave entrance, guarded by Jem'Hadar) I wish we could get closer. You wanted a plan, I came up with a plan. Now let me concentrate. Computer, scan the region around our base camp for human and Ferengi lifesigns. I told you this would work. Computer, lock onto the two lifeforms and beam them up. Maybe we'd better go back to the station for help. Computer, disengage autopilot and lay in a course back to the wormhole. I don't know the authorisation code. Computer, display the approaching ship on the monitor. (The blip whizzes off the screen.) Computer, where'd the ship go? Maybe we're not what they're after. We'll have to shut down the autopilot. I guess we'll find out how much I learned working for Chief O'Brien. [Ops] This shouldn't be so hard. I just watched Chief O'Brien run a maintenance check on the Mekong's navigational array a couple of weeks ago. I don't think that's it. All right. Let's see. (Red alert) Wait a second. he G and N relay. I think O'Brien said something about the autopilot being connected to the guidance and navigational relay. If I could just find it. It was this round thing, with this square part on the bottom. I think I got it. I hope so. Computer, what's the status on the autopilot? Lay in a course for the wormhole at warp eight. I guess we'll have to try and fly it ourselves. [Ops] (There's a Galaxy class ship docked at the station.) First let me get the hang of flying at impulse. Are you kidding? You think making course corrections manually is easy? Actually, it'll take about five years. (The runabout weaves a drunken course through space) If Chief O'Brien taught me anything, it's that it's a lot easier taking things apart than put them back together. Right there. (It's the Odyssey and the runabouts) Hey, Chief! It's me, Jake. He and Quark were taken prisoner. Chief, we have to go back and save my dad. Well what about my dad? Dad!
Hi. Mind if I join you? I want in. Your resistance cell. Come on, Major. I have my sources. I can help. As a reporter, I hear things. People talk to me. Major, all I'm asking for is a chance. I see Gul Dukat's still having you meet him every time he returns to the station. Like I said, I hear things. So, am I in or not? (Odo leaves)
Hey. I thought I'd walk you to the Defiant. How's Kas? (Coughs off-screen then she enters, bedraggled.) Isn't there something she can take to make her feel better? Sounds necessary to me. Any idea where you're going to live? You're not calling off the search yet, are you? What about the Kendra Province, where he bought that land. Maybe he went there for some reason. Kas, can you hear me? You seemed pretty far away for a second.
A job? What do I need a job for? Yeah. All right. I'll talk to Nog and see if he can get me a job at Quark's. Chief O'Brien? He's okay, but I don't know anything about engineering. Okay, I'll give it a try. Thanks, Dad. I'm never going to get this. Nothing. It's just that, why does everyone assume that I'm going to go to the Academy? Not really. He wouldn't understand. What happened? What did your dad do? I don't want to disappoint my dad. Okay. It's kind of fun working with Chief O'Brien. But it would be better if I knew what I was doing. I guess so. Yeah. Dad, I don't want to join Starfleet. Since forever. Starfleet is too much like you. I need to find what's me. Does that make any sense? It does? I'll try. I'd better go study. I'm still trying to figure out those isolinear rods. [Quark's cafe]
Visit the Gamma Quadrant? (They meet Eris, who knocks Sisko down with an energy ball before the Jem'Hadar take Sisko and Quark prisoner.) I am. I mean, I was. But I just kept looking at the replicator and I still can't believe I couldn't get a decent bowl back on Earth. Yeah, I can't wait to sleep in my own bed again. What? I think it happened last Thursday, around seventeen hundred hours. When you took all this stuff out of storage back on Earth. I know. And I also know how much it means to you. But to me this will always be the stuff in your library at home. When you took it out of storage so you could bring it here, it meant Earth wasn't home anymore. This was. (Sisko takes the mask and holds it up against a bulkhead, in dappled starlight.) Perfect. [Promenade - upper level] (Odo is stargazing.)
All right, you two, break it up. I've got a problem. Do either of you know what a Kavarian tiger-bat smells like? It's for a story I'm working on. The computer database has plenty of pictures, but no olfactory information. I'm going for a real 'you are there' feeling. The details have to be right. Kas, haven't you been to Kavaria? You first. (Kasidy shakes her head.) [Turbolift] (Most of the passengers get off, leaving Garak and Ziyal alone together.) Morning. Raktajino, extra sweet. Makapa bread, no crust. Kasidy introduced me to this. It's great. When's she due back? Don't worry, it's supposed to do that. The foam tastes like a weird peppermint, and the bread, I don't know what it tastes like. You want some? Dad, is something wrong? I guess you're not used to sleeping alone anymore. Oh, what I mean is, you miss her companionship. You miss talking and sharing insights about command and duty I was just kidding. Something happen between you and Kasidy? If you want to talk. (Sisko puts his hand on Jake's arm.) What? Hey, you're back. Are you guys doing anything right now? I just got a new holosuite programme that Nog sent me. It's a baseball game between the nineteen sixty one Yankees and the nineteen seventy eight Red Sox.
Small fries. Threw them back. Want to go for a swim? So why can't we live on the planet instead of some old space station? Will there be kids there? Is that it? (Through a viewing window we see a circular space station with three curved vertical spines above and below. Oh, you know what it looks like.) Commence station log, Deep Space Nine, Commander Benjamin Sisko, Stardate 46388.2. At the request of the Bajoran provisional government, Starfleet has agreed to establish a Federation presence in this system following the withdrawal of Cardassian occupational forces. The first contingent of officers, including my Chief of Operations, Miles O'Brien, arrived two days ago on the Enterprise. [Promenade] (The place looks like it's been in the middle of a war zone. O'Brien is in black overalls with coloured shoulders whilst Sisko is in the TNG style uniform still.) Dad, there is nothing to sleep on in there except a cushion on the floor. Is this the food replicator? Dad? Okay. What? Earth? What is this time? First Officer's log, stardate 46392.7. We're preparing to launch a rescue mission to find Commander Sisko, but first our navigational sensors must be recalibrated to work under the conditions reported by Lieutenant Dax. [Ops] Experiences? What is this? Past? What comes before now is no different than what is now, or what is to come. It is one's existence. Then how can you take responsibility for your actions? Me? Baseball? What is this? You value your ignorance of what is to come? We do not bring you here. Dad! (They hug) Station log, Commander Benjamin Sisko, stardate 46393.1. The lifeforms who created the wormhole have agreed to allow safe passage for all ships traveling to the Gamma Quadrant. With the arrival of the Enterprise, the Cardassians have left the area. [Commander's office]
There's obviously a lot of bad blood between the Cardassians and the Jem'Hadar. It wouldn't take much to get them to go at each other again. Major. You're drunk. Don't worry about it. They're stuck there.
I'm proud of you, Dad. So, when do we leave? I'm a journalist, Dad. Remember? But, Dad, we're talking about the invasion of Cardassia. A savage thrust into the very heart of the Dominion. That's not how I would write it. I have to go. It's my job. Now if you don't want me on the Defiant, fine. I'll go with General Martok. Get the story from a Klingon perspective. So when do we leave? Yes, sir. (Jake gets up from the table. Sisko takes hold of his arm then gets up to hug his son.) Don't worry, Dad. We'll watch out for each other. (Jake leaves and Sisko goes into a Vision.) [Ops] I will. All right. Dad, what is it? Dad Grandpa's ready to close up the restaurant. He wants to know when you're coming in.
Did they tell you why you can't marry Kasidy? It's the same thing. I don't see why it's any of their business. Have you told Kasidy? And when she gets back, what are you going to tell her? That some Prophet who says that she's your mother, Sarah, told you not to marry her? You look beautiful.
Sorry. I was at Nog's. (they go down the stairs) Dad, about this quarantine, it's going to be okay, isn't it? Left, become better, control, entire hope. Roll linger when life. Roll linger when. Open way long. Open way.
Hi, Dad. What're you doing back so early? He told you, didn't he. Chief O'Brien. Darn it, he promised. I love her, Dad. She's everything I ever wanted in a woman. Oh, she's not a girl, she's a woman. She doesn't like to be called a girl. Everybody calls her that and she hates it. She wants to be something better than that. Than a dabo girl. Wait a minute, you said Chief O'Brien told you that Oh, jeez. I wanted to tell you, but I was sure you wouldn't understand. You mean you would have understood? I really want you to meet her, Dad. Can I invite her to dinner tonight? Thanks, Dad. You'll love her. [Quark's] (Arjin is gazing into another glass of blue liquid.)
Hey, Nog, are you going to play, or what? Come on, Nog, it's your turn. (Quark and the waiter leave) Look, either take your turn, or I win. That's it. Game over. What are you talking about? I thought you were talking about yamok sauce. Where? Station log. Stardate 46844.3. With the help of the Federation, Bajor is about to commence its first large-scale energy transfer, the tapping of the molten core of its fifth moon, Jeraddo. [Ops] There he is. (They head downstairs to where two aliens are talking business at a table) [Promenade] Five thousand wrappages of it. Hold on. What would you trade? ) Self-sealing stem bolts? Nog, are you sure? What are we going to do with yamok sauce? I have a better question. How do we get your uncle's yamok sauce? [Cottage] (The meal is vegetarian by the looks of it) So that's a stem bolt. You're sure about that? And we have a hundred gross of them. It's top grade merchandise. You can't find a better stem bolt in this sector. Never? I told you. We should've asked that freighter captain. Sirco Ch'Ano. It has his address and everything. You think he'll be mad that we have his stem bolts? My name's He doesn't have any latinum. Let's exchange for something. Land is good. How much land? Seven sounds good. We're getting closer. I can feel it. I think so. We'd have to see proof that you own the land. You just bought yourself some stem bolts. (transmission ends) Land! Nog, I'm waiting. About what? How many times do I have to tell you. It's not dirt, it's land. Sell it, I guess. Why do I have to think of everything. Land is better than bolts. You can build things on land. Just throw down a card. I told you that land was better than bolts.
Hi. My name's Jake. What's yours? Not exactly a lot of friends to choose from around here. You know what I mean. What are they? We weren't doing anything. He's the only one here even close to my age. No. I guess. Studying alone on the computer, it kind of gets boring sometimes. I thought you didn't want to talk about this now. [Infirmary]
You'd better come take a look at this. Come on. (They move aside the curtain at the door, and see Starfleet security beaming in, armed.) And now, the conclusion. [Sisko's SF office] Are you sure re-opening the restaurant is a good idea? No. You know, there's hardly anyone on the streets. You're not going to have any customers. All I see are security officers. Something wrong, Odo? A Creole restaurant would be a big hit on the Promenade.
Okay Did you see how down my dad was? He tried to hide it, but I could tell he was depressed. Yeah, but he's usually the one who tries to lift everyone's spirits. I mean, people go to him for encouragement. Where does he go when he needs it? Where'd you get all this stuff, Quark? A baseball card? A mint condition nineteen fifty one  Willie Mays rookie card! Nog, this is it! It's perfect. This is how I can cheer up my Dad. You know how much he loves baseball. He'll go nuts when he sees this. No. I'm going to bid on this. He's always doing things for me, I want to do something for him for a change. And this is it. All I have to do is get him this card. How hard can that be? [Jake + Nog's quarters] Come on, Nog. Why not? I'm human, I don't have any money. Hey, watch it. There's nothing wrong with our philosophy. We work to better ourselves and the rest of humanity. It means. It means we don't need money. How much latinum do you have? How much? Five bars! Not even for my father, the man who made it possible for you to enter Starfleet Academy. The man who believed in you when no one else would. I can't believe you would rather keep your filthy money locked away in a box under a bed than use it to give him endless moments of happiness. That's very generous, Nog. I'm proud of you. Now let's get that money. One bar. How do you know that? Four bars! What do we do now? Shoes? Nothing, except it's stupid. I want to give my dad something that'll bring a little joy into his life. Something special. I'm telling you, that baseball card is the answer. It's kismet. Kismet. Fate, destiny. I was meant to give that card to my father. It's not the card, it's my dad. This is very important to me. My father has never let me down. He's always been there for me when I needed him. And right now he needs me. I don't want to let him down. Nog, please, let's get that card. Excuse me, sir. Could we talk to you for a minute? No one. You don't even know what it is yet. Who? You're kidding. That's in ten minutes. Let's go! [Corridor] You? What? Two litres of anaerobic metabolites suspended in a hydrosaline solution? A neodymium power cell? Where are we supposed to get all this stuff? It's a very long list. It'll take some doing. Nog? Not really. Boredom? What does it do? Excuse us for a moment. (sotto) What do you think? (sotto) He had me going there for a minute, but a Cellular Entertainment Machine? (sotto) Completely. But he does have the baseball card. (sotto) So that means we've got to help him. (sotto) Nog, I can't let my father down. (sotto) I'm not crazy. I'm just a little obsessed. Okay, Doctor. We're in. (Jake holds out his hand.) Hey, Chief, we need a neodynium power cell from a Cardassian phase coil inverter. You think you could help us out? It's kind of a secret. No. I want it to be a surprise. You know you can't keep a secret on this station. If I tell the Chief, he tells Keiko, Keiko tells Dax Absolutely. Thanks, Chief. Oh, no. At least, I don't know. Is he? Can I ask you one question? Wouldn't you rather be doing something else right now? No? Oh. Excuse me? Done. Just one thing, Doctor. What's a Kukalaka? [Leeta's bedroom] (Leeta is sleeping with Bashir's teddy bear in her arms. Nog reaches in and she takes hold of his arm. he blows gently in her ear, she whimpers and he manages to swap the bear for a pillow without being trapped again. Nog leaves through an access panel.) [Captain's office] I've got half the things you wanted. We should have it soon. Nog just got the bear. Don't ask. (Giger puts a rod into another machine and green and blue lights come on along with a thrumming noise.) Nog! Turn that down! Nog! I'm working out here! Can you turn that down? I'm trying to add a little humour to Kira's speech to the Agricultural Delegation. We can't tell anybody, Nog! (mutes the sound) Now, listen to this for a second. (reads) Thank you for that kind introduction, and thank you for inviting me to address you here today. I've always thought it odd that the topic of water reclamation was usually treated as such a dry subject. Is that funny? I didn't think so either. [Corridor] (Another delivery is being made) Would you watch it with that thing. He was there, Odo. We don't know who they are, but they were after Doctor Giger's Cellular Regeneration and Entertainment Chamber. It's a device used to keep the cells in your body from getting bored. You see, he was going to transmit messages to people's cells to keep them entertained so they wouldn't die off and as a result these people would live forever. [Promenade] I think he was just trying to scare us. Nog, look. Do you see who she's talking to? That's the Vedek who was bidding against us at the auction. Don't you see? The Vedek was bidding on that lot because there was an old Bajoran mandala in it. He must have been working for the Kai. When they lost, the Kai must have gotten angry. And we all know how dangerous she is when she's angry. It all makes sense now. Come on. Let me introduce you to a new human expression. We're going to beard the lion in its den. Oh my. [Corridor] We need to talk. [Captain's office] We didn't really accuse her of anything. We were in the bar and I guess we got a little drunk. It won't do any good to lie about it, Nog. I didn't want him to know about the baseball card. Once we get the card, everything'll be fine. We barely know him. He had a baseball card that I wanted to give to my father to cheer him up. My father's the Station Commander, by the way. That's it. We wanted the card, and so we agreed to help him get a few things for his research. We got all the equipment, but he disappeared about three hours ago and we haven't seen him since. (Weyoun looks at a Jem'Hadar, who leaves.) This is all just a misunderstanding. Nothing's going on, and we're certainly not involved in some secret plot against (A Jem'Hadar enters with Giger and the Andorian chest.) All right. We'll tell you the truth. We weren't supposed to divulge this, but since you left us no choice. We're working for Starfleet Intelligence. Forget about it, Nog. We have to tell him. We've been investigating the man whose picture is in your hand right now. Until yesterday, that man, one Willie Mays, did not exist in any historical documents. Then, in the blink of an eye, that card appeared on the station, and at that same moment a bust of Willie Mays appeared at the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, New York. There's only one explanation. We suspect that this man is from the future. That's right. And so far that card is the only link we have to him. We must to find out what he's planning to do in the past, or what he may have done already. We need that card. The entire future of the galaxy may depend on us tracking down Willie Mays and stopping him. You are very wise.
Not always. I sold my first book today. It's just a figure of speech. The Federation News Service is going to publish a book of my stories about life on the station under Dominion rule. No. Really? Look, I want to tell my Dad about the book. Is he still in the holosuite? What are they doing? Hey, Major. Is it true Dax is having a party tomorrow night? Well, is it by invitation or? Great. Thank you. (Odo comes out of his office. They both look at each other then Kira turns around and Odo heads off across the Promenade.) What was all that about? It's all an act. They don't want the rest of us to know what kind of debauchery they're up to. It's a Klingon bachelor party. Use your imagination. [Holosuite cave] A woman of many talents. Are you jealous? That's not a denial. Don't worry. So when did you first realise you had these feelings for Dax? Quark, wait. [Holosuite cave] (Bashir and O'Brien are hanging in manacles from a rope stretched across the cave.)
Thanks for the invite, Dad. I haven't had a home-cooked meal since Sounds about right. So, what's for dinner? (Sisko hands over a PADD.) Ah. Can I get some salsa with that? Bajorans continue negotiations with Dominion. Station Commander opposes non-aggression pact. By Jake Sisko. I was waiting for the right moment. I know. I'm sorry. But aren't you glad I got a job? Nope. I'm now an official correspondent for the Starfleet News Service. I'm not giving up on it. But this way I get to see my work in print. You're a public figure, Dad. You're the Captain of the most important space station in the entire Federation. You're news. Can I quote you on that? I guess not. [Cargo bay] Medical tricorder, hypospray, dermal regenerator and battlefield trauma kit. Medical tricorder, hypospray, dermal regenerator and battlefield trauma kit. (That's the last one.) That's everyone. Now what? I'll be fine. Besides, my father won't let me stay in Ops and I promised the Federation News Service a first-hand account of the battle. I changed my mind. There's a war going on and I'm a reporter. This is where I belong. The Dominion knows I'm the Emissary's son. If they hurt me they risk alienating their new friends, the Bajorans. So do I. [Bridge] (Sisko has just read Jake's note)
Terrific as always, Dad. Tube grubs? That was before I knew what it was. That's not what you told me. Could've fooled me. You mean they ignore you. Not as annoying as listening to him complain about it all the time. Or get your butt kicked. One or the other. Come on, Nog, let's go. (Jake drags Nog out.) I don't care what anyone says. That's got to hurt. (Nog has his chair tilted on it's back legs, like Henry Fonda.) What are you talking about? And then what? You're going to arrest General Martok for disturbing the peace? Aren't you going to at least call for backup? Personally, I think respect is overrated. (Loud laughter.) You okay? Why? I understand, but all I'm saying, Nog, is next time you know I have a girl over, just call me before you come home. Well, you never know. Now that's a scurrilous lie. Look, I don't know what the big deal is. Just check before you come home, okay? Nog, you haven't had a date since you left the Academy. Unless you're counting holosuites. What's wrong? I guess they know a good view when they see one. Nog, you are definitely getting stranger as you get older. [Promenade - upper level] Nog, I'm impressed.
Dad, there's something I've been wanting to say to you for a long time. And now that I finally have the chance, I'm going to make it short and simple. (Jake puts another pip onto Sisko's collar) Congratulations, Captain Sisko. Can I?
Hey, Dad, you scared us there for a minute. That's good, isn't it?
Shoes. (They're under the bed) Oh yeah, what is it? What's the Gratitude Festival? Sounds great. When do we leave? For how long? Three days! [Sisko's quarters] Computer, orange juice. Dad, do I have to go? Thanks, Dad. Nog and I kind of have plans for tomorrow. There's an Andorian freighter due in for a maintenance check tomorrow night. It's supposed to be carrying a shipment of those new anti-grav tractors. We're hoping we'll get a chance to see one. Nog's my friend. [Quark's] I guess so. He, yeah. They took it. I was there. Hey, Nog. Where were you this morning? What do you mean, through? Is this your father's idea? Look, if you want I'll talk to Mister O'Brien. Don't you want to learn things? Yeah, and other stuff. Why is that? So why are you getting mad at me? I'm stupid? You're the one not going to school. See if I care. [Quark's] Nah, just not hungry. It's Nog. His father's pulled him out of school. It's not fair. Nog can't even read. School's not going to be much fun without him. Maybe. I don't think he wants to be my friend anymore. He says humans and Ferengis don't get along. But you're the one always saying that we should make friends with other cultures. So Nog goes his way and I go mine? I can't. I have something to do. [Promenade] (Robed and with the staff of office, Quark is processing with Rom at his side.) Go ahead. I guess humans and Ferengis don't have a lot to talk about. Mine too. That doesn't mean they're right. We always had stuff to talk about before. So what do you say, you still want to be friends? Neither will mine. Come on, I have a great idea. Come on. [Quark's] I was? I guess I got kind of busy doing stuff. Nothing important. Just hanging around. We weren't doing anything wrong. I can't. It's private. I got to go or I'll be late for school. Understood. [Quark's quarters] Fourteen planets. (Sisko sneaks in, staying hidden behind barrels, and watches the reading lesson) System. That was pretty good. Want to try some more? You got it. Keep going, keep going. So, what time tomorrow? Dad, what are you doing here? Dad.
Dad. Did you tell him we're staying in San Francisco? Dad! You know if we stay with Grandpa he's going to put me to work in the kitchen. Chopping vegetables for nine hours a day isn't exactly my idea of a vacation. Hey. (Hugs all round.) I remember when you used to tell me that alligator was just in stasis, and you let it out at night to guard the restaurant. Grandpa. The doctors said you have to keep your weight up. Nog? Nog, I thought I was going to see you tomorrow at the Academy. So how's everything at the Academy? I want to hear about it. So, you going to tell me what's on your mind or not? I mean you didn't stay here until closing just to get one more root beer. Something's up. If you don't want to tell me, fine. Don't tell me. All right. Forget about it. Different how? Because you're a Ferengi? Complaining about what? You've only been in the Academy for a month. You can't expect to fit in right away. Who knows, one of these days you might even be in Red Squad. I'm sure if you let them get to know you, show them you're a good guy to be around, everything'll work out. I always thought so. [President's office] (Paris, with Le Tour Eiffel visible through the window.) Dad, you'd better get down here right away. Grandpa, look, I'll take the test first. Go ahead. (So the young officer takes his blood. It's okay.) Come on, Grandpa. No, I don't think you're a shape-shifter. Yeah? Grandpa! (Sisko catches Joseph in his arms.) [Sisko's SF office] Grandpa, would you please sit down? You sat down. You should be in bed. Dad? Why? He is. I don't know. The whole block's dark. [Sisko's SF office] (Power's out in SFHQ too. The office door is forced open.) Grandpa! Grandpa, wake up. You'd better come take a look at this. Come on. (They move aside the curtain at the door, and see Starfleet security beaming in, armed.) To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I understand that a decision's been made to send four thousand Dominion facilitators down to Bajor. Would you care to elaborate? I hear things. So could you elaborate? My readers want to know what's going on. For now. But what if he changes his mind? Don't you want to explain what's going on here to the outside world? How do you respond to critics like Vedek Yassim who say that by welcoming a group of Vorta to Bajor you're taking the first step toward Dominion occupation? Odo, do you have any concerns that by joining the Ruling Council here on the station, you're validating the occupation? Almost, almost. Will either of you be attending the demonstration tomorrow? Vedek Yassim has organised a demonstration on the Promenade tomorrow afternoon to protest the Dominion occupation of the station. So, you're going to abolish the right to protest here on the station? Hey, I'm not trying to accuse you personally of anything. I'm just asking questions. Wrong question, Jake. [Starfleet cavern] You sure? I got a message from Vedek Yassim saying the protest was starting at exactly fourteen hundred.
Is that it? Can I see it? Nog. Yeah, but you know what's in it. It's a proposal for an alliance, isn't it? I mean, the Federation sends the only Ferengi in Starfleet to personally deliver a diplomatic message to the Grand Nagus? Something big is up. I'm not. I came to see Ferenginar. I've heard a lot about it. I can't wait to see all the rain and the muck I don't get to see the Nagus? My father told me to say hello and to give the Nagus his best wishes. And because I told the editor of the Federation News Service that I could get an exclusive interview with Zek. I didn't promise, okay? I just sort of, you know. Okay, I promised, but this could be a really big story, Nog. The people have a right to know! What's it? Where did they come from? We're not sticking around are we? Something's wrong. I think they're jamming our comm. system. Now why would they do that? You do realise you're taking us deeper and deeper into Dominion held space. They're gaining on us anyway. We might as well try and head for the Federation. If we keep going in this direction, we'll run into Cardassia Prime, and that won't be much fun at all. Thanks for the warning. We're dropping out of warp? You're a Ferengi, why don't you try making a deal or something? (Boom.) Shields down thirty percent! We're losing main power! There's another ship coming in, bearing one seven zero mark two one five. (Boom.) It's er, it's the Defiant! Valiant? Great name. I hope they tear that Jem'Hadar ship apart piece by (Boom! Jake is thrown to the floor.) Yes. It's nothing serious, Cadet er, Chief? Red Squad? They have their own ship? That's right. No. I'm a reporter. So this was a training ship. Like the other one, the, er, the Republic. The entire Federation? With a ship of cadets? Raktajino, please. (Everyone stares at him, even the Vulcan.) Thanks. So, where are you from? Oh, a Lunar Schooner. I picked it up from my granddad. Of course, he still calls Luna the moon like it's the only one or something. So what's it like? Just never got around to it. Tell me about it. That's about it. What's going on? All I did was ask about her home. Okay. Where've you been? What's that? You joined the crew? It's a little fast. We just got here and Watters puts you in charge of the Engine Room? What happens now? Won't they detect the probe? Almost? Can I say something? You all probably know who my father is. Benjamin Sisko. So you know I'm not exaggerating when I say that he's considered to be one of the best combat officers in the fleet. And I'm telling you right now that even with the entire crew of the Defiant with him, my father would never try to pull off something like this. And if he can't do it, it can't be done. This is suicide. Nog, listen to me. We're in way over our heads here. Now someone told me that ship out there is twice the size of a Galaxy class starship and three times as strong. And you really think we can go up against a ship like that? Oh, really? Well, did you know that Watters has been taking cordafin stimulants for the past two months? Dorian told me. Will you forget about obeying orders for just a minute! I can't believe you're buying everything that Watters is selling. I feel like I'm having a conversation with one of the bulkheads. That's right. All I care about is Jake Sisko and whether or not he's going to be killed by a bunch of delusional fanatics looking for martyrdom. I don't even know who you are anymore. I'll have them put that on your tombstone. [Valiant Corridor] (Phasers are pointed at Jake's head.) Help! Somebody let me out of here! Help! What happened? It was a long shot. I just thought maybe [Medical bay] (Collins is hooked up to a drip. Nog is sitting on a bed.) Can I talk to him? Are you okay? Probably. What do you think I should say? Dorian, he got everyone killed.
(on upper level) Hey, Dad, wait up. (Jakes hurries down the stairs) You got a minute? I've got some great news. Better than that. No, even better. You remember that Bajoran girl I told you about? That's right, Laira. I decided to ask her out. Dad, I Dad, I already asked her out. And she said yes. I was just wondering if you had any ideas what we could do. I was thinking of taking her to the holosuites. Why not? Okay, then how about if I bring her to our quarters? We're just going to talk. It's not the same. That's boring. Since I started going out with girls. And I don't want it to be my last. I can see you're not ready to have this conversation yet. I'll just have to come up with a few ideas on my own. Really, don't worry about it. I couldn't sleep. It was supposed to be. She couldn't make it. She said her father wouldn't let her go out with me. Because I'm not a Bajoran. Okay. Night, Dad.
No. But sometimes he could give you way too much information.
I can carry your bag. Nog, I am trying to be understanding and I want to be your friend, but enough is enough. (turns the music off) You've been playing that same stupid song for three days. I can't take it anymore. Aren't you going to say anything? You've barely said three words to me since you came home. I'm trying to help you here, Nog, but you're not making it easy. All right. Okay. But if you want to hear that song again, go rent a holosuite. (Jake leaves. Nog gets up - he's still fully clothed - and takes the rod with him.) [Turbolift] (Nog remembers AR558 and the moment when the Jem'Hadar shot him.) [Promenade] (Nog breaks into Quark's.) [Quark's] It could be worse. He could be hiding in the Alamo programme. I'm sorry, but moving into a holosuite isn't my idea of therapy. Hi there. Nog, let me introduce you to Sorry. Nog, this is Kesha. Kesha, Nog. So, what have you been doing? There's a lot of old Earth slang in this programme. Right, Daddy-o? Why don't I get us some drinks? Kesha, what'll you have? Okay. I'll be right back. Okay, here we go. Three martinis. What's going on? At what? Oh. Hold on. She said she was sorry. Nog, what's wrong with you? Nog. Yeah, I'm fine.
Hey, Chief! I need a favour. I'm working on a subspace transceiver for my science project but I can't seem to figure out how to get the emitter crystal to work. You don't think it's a conflict of interest or anything, you being married to the teacher? My grades are great. I just want to keep them that way. [Airlock] Chief, is this the right inverter for the subspace transceiver? I replicated it. I found the design in a really, really, old data file in the library programme. I didn't mean Oh, that's great. See you later. (Jake leaves) Yeah. Jake Sisko to Security. He's here. Level H two, section five. It'll be okay. Just surrender to them and you'll be fine. (Then Jake runs off. O'Brien gets into a conduit) [Conduit] (Security have arrived)
Excuse me, Mister Weyoun. (Weyoun stops a Jem'Hadar beating Jake up.) That's the kind of detail people like to know. Would this be a good time? For the interview we talked about. You know, for the Federation News Service. Why? What gave you that idea? What's wrong with that? Are you telling me that no one in the Federation read my reports? What about freedom of the press? The only reason I stayed here was to report on the occupation. All right. I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything by it. I won't write Dominion propaganda. All right, my mind is open. Now can we do the interview?
Hey, Nog. What's going on? Actually, I just ate. Hey, that was a pretty funny joke you pulled on my Dad this morning. You know, about wanting to join Starfleet? Come on, Nog. You don't really expect me to fall for that one. Yeah. Kind of. All right. Calm down. I mean, how was I supposed to know you were serious? You never said you wanted to join Starfleet before. So what brought this on? Okay, name one. Because I'm your friend. And friends don't have secrets from one another. Why? All right. But my father's a pretty smart guy, and if this is some kind of trick, he's going to figure it out.
Yeah. This is going to be two long, hard weeks. How's the shoulder, Chief? We can move Ezri over to third Who? [Airlock] (A freighter is at an upper pylon and Sisko is waiting with two bouquets of flowers, practising his swing.) Okay. Yeah. They're pretty good. These guys are playing to win. Sporting doesn't enter into it. (Kira gets a hit and makes it to second base.) Come on, Nog. Hurry up! I gave up ten runs. When you put it that way.
So, did dinner meet with the Sisko stamp of approval? I was a little worried I overcooked the lingta roast, but I'm glad you liked it anyway. Can I get you anything else? I guess you'll be cooking tomorrow night. To welcome back Kasidy Yates to the station. Maybe cook some of that jambalaya that she likes so much. Dad, Kasidy's spent the last six months in prison for helping the Maquis. She's paid the price for what she did. I just hope you give her a chance that's all. You two had something together. (Sisko is arranging his plate of fruit and cheese.) Dad? Dad, what is it? What do you mean you're not going to let Doctor Bashir operate on you? You have to. Dad, please think about what you're doing. These visions, they're not worth dying for. And you trust her? Since when? I guess that means it's up to me. Dad, I know you want to see this thing to the end, but I need you. I'm sorry. Do what you have to do. Just in time, Dad. We never had that welcome back dinner for Kasidy.
That was the plan, but it turns out I don't have much to be grateful for. Bought for Mardah. Yeah, you want it? Maybe you can give it to Major Kira for her next birthday or something. Mardah's gone, Dad. She got accepted to the Science Academy on Regulus Three. It's three hundred light years away. Yeah, sure. I could use one. Okay, I'll go. But I'm not going to have any fun. Just felt funny there for a second. Yeah, Dad. Never felt better. [Promenade] Peldor joi. (Jake gives Kira a jumja stick. Bareil starts to wander off.) I know you're busy, but can I talk to you for a second? In private. It's kind of personal. I need some advice. You see, there's this older woman and I think we're perfect for each other. I don't know what she thinks. Mardah and I broke up. You. I love you, Nerys. Want to go out with me? [Outside the Shrine] (Dax is reading Morn's scroll.) Hi, Dad. I'm kind of busy right now, Dad. I have to find someone. How'd you know? Really? Where is she? But I have to talk to her. You know, you were right about me meeting someone at the Festival. You like her, don't you? Well so do I. Mardah was a mistake. She was too young, too immature for me. Major Kira is a woman. It won't last. He's always on Bajor. She needs someone who can be with her all the time. Like me. I appreciate that, but this is between Nerys and me. Don't worry. Everything's going to be fine. Thanks. [Promenade] (Having purchased a souvenir pen) You look like you could use a little cheering up. Anything. But Dad, you promised that Nerys would be here. Nerys, am I glad to see you. She doesn't love me. Nerys.
I don't know. They seemed polite enough to me. Good idea. I have absolutely no idea what he's talking about. If I don't find a way to get out of doing this article, my first writing assignment is going to be my last. Maybe if I write to The Journal and explained. Dear editors, thank you for the confidence expressed in my by accepting my proposed profile of Doctor Bashir. Unfortunately Sort of. Who cares about anomalies? People want stories about things they can relate to. Life and death, good and evil. An outbreak of Cartalian fever would be just the thing. The brave doctor battles the deadly virus. Listen to me, I'm actually rooting for a plague. So much for the cease fire. What are we waiting for? Let's go. You put yourself into dangerous situations all the time. Don't worry about me. I'm eighteen. You know what I mean. I've been on the station when it was under attack plenty of times. I can handle myself. I'm a Sisko. There are lives at stake. These people need you. He'll understand. Surgery Under Fire. Now we're talking. Ready to beam down? I guess we'll have to find a place to set down. I'll be all right. [Cavern - Triage area] What should I do? Somebody! This man needs help! No problem. Triage, the sorting of the wounded, forces decisions that. I got to get a grip. Focus. Decisions that test what it means to be a doctor. He's dead. One, two three. (And more and more blood stains on Jake's scrubs.) [Cavern - Triage area] (Until finally there are no more people to move. The medics are slumped against the wall.) Thanks. Okay. I'm starved. Fresh air did me good. You remember that ensign, the one who shot himself? What's going to happen to him? He said that some of the people in his squad got scared and ran. But they're Starfleet. They've passed psych-tests. They've spent hundreds of hours in battle simulations. Some people say that you don't know what you're really made of until you've been in battle. Me neither. I think I could handle some soup. [Cavern - main ward] I have a pretty strong stomach, most of the time. Starfleet'll send another one, won't they? What about using hoppers? What happened? At least we don't have to worry about them in here. I, er, I'm writing an article about Doctor Bashir. Not exactly. I write stories mostly. You know, fiction. I wonder if Kirby knew that the whole time we were talking, all I could think about was how close the Klingons were. (It's later, everyone else is asleep and Jake is writing.) He didn't seem that worried. No one else seems to be losing sleep over it, so why is it the only thing I can think about? I've been on the station when it was under attack plenty of times, but somehow the danger never seemed as real as it does here. Maybe it's because I spent all day seeing firsthand what the Klingons are capable of, or maybe it's because for the first time in my life, my father's not here to protect me. (BOOM) There must be some portable generators we could use. Yeah, it looks familiar. (BOOM! A shell explodes nearby.) Hurts. What? No. I was outside when the shelling started. I guess I got lost looking for cover. What about you? Thanks. Don't worry. No. Who? You stayed behind on purpose, so they could get away. It's empty. I'll get you out of here. I'll make a stretcher Then I'll carry you. But I have to do something. I've got to try. But I have to. That way this'll all make sense. Maybe I ran for a reason, so I could find you and save your life. From the explosions. We had to get to the runabout for the generator, and the shelling started and I couldn't see Doctor Bashir and the explosions, they kept getting closer. I had to get out of there, so I ran. I ran and I kept running until I found you. It was a mistake. I didn't mean for it to happen. I'm okay. I got knocked out when we were trying to get to the runabout. Did Doctor Bashir make it back all right? I must've wandered off in the wrong direction when I came to. I should let him rest. It's all right. Forget it, okay! What's done is done. I couldn't stand hearing him apologise to me like that. Not after what I'd done to him. I keep turning it over in my head. The shelling, losing sight of Bashir, running, and I keep trying to make sense of it all, to justify what I did. But when it comes down to it, there's only one explanation. I'm a coward. Part of me wishes Bashir had seen me run away and told everyone the truth. They deserve to know what I am. They should know they can't count on me. That if the Klingons attack, I'll run and hide just like I did before. [Cavern - main ward] Doctor Kaladra asked me to give this to you. Sure. Here you go. What's a cutter? All you can think about is getting away from the explosions. Maybe there won't be a court martial. No, I mean Starfleet could decide to send you to counselling instead. I think it's not funny. Cut it out! You think this is some joke. It's not. People are dying! It's all so stupid. This whole stupid war is such a waste. In ten years, no body's going to remember what anybody did here. Maybe you saved a hopper full of people. Maybe you shot yourself in the foot. No one's going to remember! I'm sorry. No, it's not that. I I just didn't think what they were saying was funny. I don't know what you're talking about. Leave me alone. Leave me alone. No. Dad? What happened? More than anything, I wanted to believe what he was saying. But the truth is, I was just as scared in the hospital as I'd been when we went for the generator. [Defiant - Bashir's cabin] (Bashir is reading Jake's article.) So scared, that all I could think about was doing whatever it took to stay alive. Once it meant running away, and once it meant picking up a phaser. [Sisko's quarters] (Sisko is reading.) The battle of Ajilon Prime will probably be remembered as a pointless skirmish, but I'll always remember it as something more. As the place I learned that the line between courage and cowardice is a lot thinner than most people believe. I wasn't sure whether to show it to you or not.
