May I help you? You're hurt. That's what happens when you go tromping around the bayou in the middle of the night. Come, warm yourself up by the fire. Now, I have a first aid kit around here somewhere. Where is it? So, what are you doing out here, anyway? Oh? Yes. You should read more. I'm glad you like them. (He regenerates the graze away) There. Good as new. I didn't realise people still read my books. Twice in one night? Not much to show for a life's work, is it? I'm going to go get us some tea. There's only one first time for everything, isn't there? And only one last time too. You think about that such things when you get to be my age. That today might be the last time you sit in your favourite chair, or watch the rain fall, or enjoy a cup of tea by a warm fire. Of course. I lost my favourite pen and I couldn't get any work done without it. It's a long story. If you had shown up yesterday or the day before, or a week ago, I would have said no and sent you on your way. But here you are, today of all days, and somehow it seems like the right time for me to finally tell this story. It begins many years ago. I was eighteen and the worst thing that could happen to a young man happened to me. My father died. We were very close, my father and I, partly because we'd lost my mother several years earlier. It's not quite that simple. You see, just before my father died, I was working on a short story. I don't remember what it was about but I do know that I was taking it very seriously. I worked on it night and day for weeks, and I wasn't making any headway and it was making me miserable. I suppose my father saw that I needed a break. [Jake's room] (Jake is reading file 4747 on his PADD - The Commodore by C S Forster.) Because he insisted I come with him to the Gamma Quadrant to watch the wormhole undergo what they call a subspace inversion. Of course what he didn't realise was that I could hide away on the Defiant just as easily as I could on the station. [Jake's cabin] (Doorbell) Most of the time, I knew enough to do what my father told me. But that day, for some reason, I didn't. [Engine room] He was gone. People do. Time passes, they realise that the person they lost is really gone, and they heal. No. I suppose not. There was a memorial service aboard the station. [Promenade] (All the levels are crowded) People came forward and talked about my father, what they remembered most about him why and they would miss him. I didn't step forward. I couldn't. I felt that no matter what I said about him, I'd be leaving so much more out and that didn't seem right. [Sisko's quarters] I'd never felt more alone in all my life. Everyone went out of their way to look after me, especially Dax. She was my father's closest friend, and I guess she felt responsible for me. [Quark's] After a few months things started returning to normal, for everyone else, that is. I told Dax about what had happened. How it felt so real, not like a dream at all and she very kindly obliged me and did a very thorough scan of my room. I felt vaguely ridiculous, like a child insisting his parents check under his bed for monsters. She tried to tell me it was probably just a nightmare and I did my best to put the entire episode out of my mind. I puttered around the station for the next eight or nine months. Nog was off at Starfleet. My stories stubbornly refused to write themselves. I filled my time playing dom-jot and tried not to think about how alone I felt. Dax and the others were worried about me. [Airlock] But before long, they had bigger things to worry about. Tensions with the Klingons were continuing to rise. My father was a kind of religious figure to the Bajoran people, and when he died they took it as a sign from the Prophets that the Federation wouldn't be able to protect them from the Klingons. Eventually Bajor entered into a mutual defence pact with the Cardassians, and the Klingons didn't like that at all. The station's civilian population was leaving en masse. They knew that if war broke out against the Klingons, Deep Space Nine was going to be on the front line. [Promenade - upper level] I suppose I wasn't feeling very prudent that day, because I ignored their advice. [Upper pylon] It wasn't until I actually touched him that I knew this wasn't a dream. [Infirmary] (Sisko is on a biobed) But something was wrong. I didn't understand everything they were saying, but Dax and the others seemed to think that the accident had somehow knocked my father's temporal signature out of phase. I didn't think anything could be worse than losing him that first time on the Defiant, until I was standing there staring down at his empty bed, knowing he was alive yet trapped somewhere that existed outside of time. No, nothing. No. There won't be any another time. You see, I'm dying. You must understand, when person my age says he's dying, he's only admitting to the inevitable. Besides, we old people need to remind everyone to pay special attention to us. You're a good listener. That's important in a writer. Sound like you're waiting for something to happen that's going to turn you into one. I see. For the next few months Dax and O'Brien tried to find a way to locate him. They even considered recreating the accident, but that was impossible since the wormhole wasn't going to undergo an inversion for decades. Eventually the situation with the Klingons came to a head, and the Federation decided to turn over control of the station to the Klingon Empire. [Runabout] There was nothing I could do. I had to leave my home of five years and give up whatever hope there was of seeing my father again. [House] No. I was left with no choice but to try to get on with my life. I went to Earth, drifted around and eventually ended up studying writing at the Pennington school. After graduation, I settled here in Louisiana so I could be near my grandfather. He had a restaurant in the French Quarter, you know. Grandpa was always showing off his famous grandson. He was just as proud of me as my father would've been. At that desk, right over there. It came out to generally favourable reviews, and little by little I began to think less and less about the past. After a while I met a woman, fell in love, we got married, and for a while this house was a happy one. I tried to tell you that twenty years ago. I'm glad you're here, Nog. Last time we talked you mentioned you might be heading to the Bajoran Sector. Did you see the station? Not your father? Talking his customers' ears off and drinking himself out of business, I'll bet. No. I'll be fine. No. You came a long way to find out why I had stopped writing and you deserve an answer. (Back to the near future again) Later that night, after Nog had left, I stayed up working. My new novel was going well, and when it's going well you don't want to stop. I'm not tired. You know, I wanted to ask you something. How would you feel about designing the cover to my new book? Did you get through? This is Korena, my wife. Seven years. Not yet. He insisted. Just about everyone came. Dax, Kira, O'Brien. I got to go call Starfleet. I'm sorry. For giving up on you. I should have just kept trying to find you. I just went on with my life. None of it matters now that I know you're still out there, lost somewhere. Within a few seconds, he was gone again. You don't need to say anything. Just listen, because there isn't much time and there's so much more for me to tell you. I consulted with Dax and we realised that the accident must have created some sort of subspace link between my father and myself. We also realised that there was a pattern to his appearances. They were governed by fluctuations in the wormhole's subspace field. Dax's calculations also showed that the next time he appeared, I'd be an old man. And so I decided to put aside my novel and try to find a way to help him. At the age of thirty seven, I went back to school and started studying subspace mechanics. At first, Korena was very patient. She supported what I was trying to do. But I got so caught up in my work I didn't notice I was losing her. By the time I became a graduate student, we were no longer living together. By the time I had entered my doctoral programme, it was over between us. But I pressed on with what I was doing, and one day, years later, it hit me. I figured out a way to recreate the accident. It had been almost fifty years, and the wormhole would soon be undergoing another inversion. There was only one other thing I needed. [Bridge] The Defiant. Nog was a Captain by then, and he helped me round up the old crew and get the ship pulled out of mothballs. Worf threw his weight around with the Klingon High Council, and they gave us permission to enter the Bajoran system. (Everyone is in Future uniform as seen in All Good Things, and plenty of wrinkle makeup.) I'd designed a subspace flux isolator and we set it up in Engineering. Are you ready over there, Dax? The wormhole's beginning to invert. Don't worry. I've modulated the shields to channel the wave's energy into this apparatus. The wormhole wouldn't undergo another inversion for decades, so this was my only chance. Fourteen years. What is this place? We could be inside some sort of subspace fragment. Sisko to Dax. Can you read me? I brought the Defiant back to the wormhole. We're trying to rescue you. Dax, if you can hear me, try to lock onto my signal. Damn it. Why can't they lock on to us? Korena and I, we're no longer together. She left me. I shouldn't have let her go, but there was so much I had to do. This has taken years of planning. Dax, try boosting the carrier amplitude. Maybe you can This is the last chance I'm ever going to have to help you. (Jake flickers) No! It has to. I want you to see something. Go over to my desk. Go ahead. (There's a pile of paper with a pen on top) It's a collection of new stories. I decided to honour my father's request and try to rebuild my life. Writing these stories was the best way I knew to do that. I'd like you to have a copy. Let me get you one. Well, if you'd like, but those have handwritten notes all over them. Because you want to be a writer someday. Well, I was tinkering with the last story just this morning. Besides, if you publish posthumously no body can ask you for rewrites. I was hoping to finish another two stories, but there isn't enough time. You see, Melanie, after the last attempt to rescue my father failed, I spent months trying to figure out what went wrong. Eventually, I came to understand the nature of what was happening to him. It was as if he was frozen in time at the moment of the accident, and the link between us was like an elastic cord. Every so often the cord would go taut enough to yank him forward into my time. But only for a few minutes. I realised that if my motion through time came to a stop, the cord would go slack and he'd be lost in subspace forever. But if I could cut the cord when the link was at its strongest, while we were together, he'd return to the moment of the accident. Yes. I want you to promise me something. While you're studying my stories, poke your head up every once in a while. Take a look around. See what's going on. It's life, Melanie. It was a pleasure meeting you, young lady. (Melanie gathers up her things and leaves. Jake gets up, takes a manuscript from a shelf and the baseball from it's stand, and sits again. He dozes until) I've been expecting you. Read at the dedication. It was me. It was me all along. I've been dragging you through time like an anchor and now it's time to cut you loose. It won't be long now. When I die, you'll go back to where this all began. Just remember to dodge the energy discharge from the warp core. No. We have to be together when I die. For you and for the boy that I was. He needs you more than you know. Don't you see? We're going to get a second chance.
