Let's see it, Captain. Forty years of civil war, Captain. Forty-five years ago I negotiated a hostage situation on Mordan, Captain. Karnas was a young man then, but so was I. He seems to feel that I can handle the situation again. My wife and I will beam aboard at fifteen hundred hours, Captain. Acknowledge. My wife, Anne. Captain, there are certain details of this mission that you should understand before we begin. I am not simply an advisor. On any assignment I accompany, Starfleet has designated me Senior Mission Officer. I control the away team and all its actions. Is that understood? Of course, Captain, you command the ship, but the mission is mine. I trust you are in complete agreement. It seldom is, Karnas. However, we could save a good deal of it now if you'll outline the terrorists' demands. Tell them I accept the conditions of negotiation. Wrong, Number One. He told me that the terrorists are desperate enough to kill if they're crossed. They are willing to talk, one on one, but not to him. Possible, but I suspect it's closer to the mark if we said he doesn't want to admit failure of his own efforts to negotiate. He is a proud man. Ready for what, Captain? Still alive, you mean. Quite right, Commander, but I am not, and I imagine Ambassador Hawkins has told him that. I briefed the Ambassador about Mordan before he left to take up residence. I have negotiated many treaties on many planets, Picard. I've found that peace, or the appearance of it, is often a prelude to war. They may. I am suggesting Karnas is the last man to give them such weapons. I know Karnas. He is a warrior. He lives for challenge. These people have insulted his honour by taking the embassy staff hostage. I'll negotiate, but I'll have to be very careful in dealing with Karnas. He'll want revenge for that insult. [Jameson's quarters] (Anne is unpacking) Didn't want to. Feels good to be on one again. I'm fine. I feel like a kid again. No. There's no need. It's happened before. It'll pass. Just give me a moment. See, I'm better. It's going away. Just body changes. Last checkup they said I'd have to expect it. I'm sure. [Ready room] Thank you, Captain. I would. (And he gets out of his wheelchair and walks a little unsteadily down the slope to Geordi's station) Neglected to mention I began some new therapy before I left. Seems to be working. I haven't felt this good since the last time I was in space. The Gettysburg. All I needed to get me out of that chair was the thought of walking the decks in command of a starship again. A figure of speech. Of course she's your ship. I'll just keep an eye on her for a while. [Ready room] It's the new therapy I'm taking. It's working, Annie. (His hair is sleeker and thicker too. And blond now) I told you I just needed to get back into space again. It's the new treatment. I hope you're heading for the bedroom. You're flatter me. I don't know (collapses in pain) Ask away. There's nothing to hide now. (He is a lot younger, thirties or forties) I've planned this for a long time, ever since I learned I had Iverson's Disease. Since it put me in that chair. There's a planet in the Cerebus system, Cerebus Two. They say the natives have a process that rejuvenates the body, gives you your youth back. It's true, Picard. I'm living proof. Oh, it's dangerous. The mortality rate is high, and it's very painful. Aliens are seldom allowed to obtain the process, but I managed it. I negotiated a treaty for Cerebus Two some years ago, and they felt obligated to honour my request for the process. The herb and drug combinations are self-administered slowly over a period of two years. Every response is different, depending on a being's DNA. I got enough for both of us, Annie, but I had to test it on myself first. I couldn't risk you. If I died, well, I was half a man, so what did it matter. But I was starting to change, Anne. It was almost undetectable, but the improvement was there. Then when this hostage situation came up, I knew I'd have to be at my peak to deal with it. I didn't have time to wait for the drug to work naturally. I took both of them. And look at me, Annie, look at me. I'm strong. I'm alert, Fit. I'm fitter than you are, Picard. And I'm getting younger! Annie, I did it for us. I obtained enough of the dosage for both of us. But it was the right answer for me. It was killing you, having to take care of an invalid. Annie, what good was I to you? We can be together again. I can get you another supply of the drug. [Observation lounge] (The lounge is in darkness, and Jameson is at the table with a desk monitor) Commander Data, I wish to open a communication frequency to Karnas. [Bridge] Karnas must have tried to negotiate with the terrorists before he was forced to call on me. I want all the information he has access to. [Bridge] I'm the negotiator, Picard. [Bridge] Karnas will have to cooperate with me and the terrorists, and damn his sensitivities. A sensible precaution, Picard. Make it so. [Bridge] Karnas. We're on a secured channel, Karnas. You can talk freely. Who's behind this thing? You said dissidents. Then who is it? Ardan? Gilnor? I almost died a couple of times on missions, but I always made it through somehow. You've never forgiven me. There are no dissidents, are there? No terrorists. You have the hostages. What if I refuse? Conn, are we still on schedule to arrive at Mordan in thirty eight hours? Picard, I want a jump to warp eight, so that we arrive ahead of our announced ETA. It'll throw Karnas off balance, and we can catch him before he's ready. I believe Karnas has the hostages, and there never were any dissidents. I'm not at liberty to say, Picard, but negotiations are no longer the answer. And you agree with that too, Riker? Good. Because I plan to personally lead an away team on an armed rescue mission to get them out of there. (Later, Jameson is in the Captain's chair, giving the orders) Commander Data, bring up the plans I requested on the viewscreen, please. Most of Mordan's principal city was devastated during the war. What was left consisted largely of a network of underground tunnels. A rat's maze. When they rebuilt the city, they simply built over the tunnels. This is where Karnas held his hostages before and where I believe he has them now. Karnas is a dogged strategist, Picard, not a brilliant one. He sticks to what works. He will kill the hostages if we do not get them out of there. You don't agree? Starfleet has given me command of the away team, Picard, and I intend to use them as I see fit. [Doctor's office] We'll be at Mordan in three hours. I never could before a mission. I always wound up in the observation lounge, staring out at the stars, thinking. I want to save lives, Captain. Do you know the background? The Mordanites had some sophistication, but were still ruled by tribal family units. Karnas's father was the ruling chief of one of the families. Another tribe had him assassinated. Karnas seized the passengers of a starliner and held them hostage, demanding that Starfleet provide him with weapons that would enable him to defeat his rivals. Officially, the story is that after two other mediators were murdered, I went in and negotiated with Karnas to bring out the hostages safely. It wasn't my golden oratory that saved them, Captain. I gave Karnas the weapons he wanted. I gave exactly the same weapons to his rivals. My interpretation of the Prime Directive. Let them solve their problems with those arms on an equal basis. I didn't know that would happen. I thought a minor war. It would be settled in less than a year. How would I know it would take four decades? But I falsified the reports to Starfleet, and I lived with that on my soul, Picard. Sixty-three people came away safe but millions died on Mordan because I delivered those weapons. But I started it. I lit the match. Now finally I can vindicate myself, if only in a small way. I came to negotiate, but that isn't what Karnas wants. And I'm not going to give it to him, Picard. I'm going to do what I should have done the first time. We're taking the hostages out by force, if necessary. No deals. [Transporter room] (Worf, Tasha, Data and Geordi are already on the pads) Prepare to energise, Chief. I will remind you one more time, Picard, I am the Senior Mission Commander and I'm leading this team. Yes, perfect. We are in the M4 tunnel, directly under the Governor's residence. M-4 is a subsidiary tunnel, but it crosses and links with several main ones. Your information is incorrect, Commander. I know these tunnels like the back of my own hand. Keep scanning for signs of human life forms. Karnas held his hostages in these tunnels before. He'll do it again. (The group head down a tunnel) Damn. This is the most direct route. Set phasers to cut through it. (Worf and Tasha cut an opening in the wall) Karnas may not have them in the same place. There's no substitute, Lieutenant, for personal reconnoitre. (He leads them through the hole) Picard. Picard, I have to get to Karnas. It's my last option, Picard. The raid failed. All I have left to bargain with is myself. Let me go. If I give myself over to him, he'll let the hostages go. It's me he wants. My life for how many hostages, Picard? Twenty? Let me go. Peretor Karnas, you always were a stubborn man. I thought you wanted me. I'm here. Release the hostages now. Peretor Karnas, there were only two of us in the meeting. You didn't even trust your lieutenants there. You told me that old Peretor Sain had ordered your father's assassination. You told me that you wanted arms to destroy him. Peace wasn't on your mind. All you wanted was revenge. And I gave you the weapons to do it. There. The blood cut you gave me to seal our bargain. Yes. Annie with the golden hair. I see only the gold. (He dies in her arms)
