Tom Paris? Kathryn Janeway. I served with your father on the Al-Batani. I wonder if we could go somewhere and talk. About a job we'd like you to do for us. I've been told the Rehab Commission is very pleased with your work. They've given me their approval to discuss this matter with you. Your father taught me a great deal. I was his science officer during the Orias expedition. I'm leaving on a mission to find a Maquis ship that disappeared in the Badlands a week ago. Really? You've never seen Voyager. We'd like you to come along. You know the territory better than anyone we've got. My Chief of Security was on board, undercover. He was supposed to report in twice during the last six days. He didn't. Maybe. That ship was under the command of another former Starfleet officer, named Chakotay. I understand you knew him. The two of you didn't get along too well, I'm told. You help us find that ship, we help you at your next outmeet review. Officially, you'd be a Starfleet observer during the mission. You'll be an observer. When it's over, you're cut loose. And? She's pregnant? Oh, Mark. You've got to take her home with you. She's with child. I can't leave her in a kennel while I'm Yes. Thanks, honey. As soon as I approve these systems status reports. Hey. You never bother me, except the way I love to be bothered. Understand? See you in a few weeks. Oh, Mark, go by my house and pick up the doggie bed. She'll be more comfortable. Come in. (Paris and Kim enter.) Gentlemen, welcome aboard Voyager. Mister Kim, at ease before you sprain something. Ensign, despite Starfleet protocol, I don't like being addressed as sir. Ma'am is acceptable in a crunch, but I prefer Captain. We're getting ready to leave. Let me show you to the bridge.  [Bridge] Did you have any problems getting here, Mister Paris? My first officer, Lieutenant Commander Cavit. Ensign Kim, Mister Paris. Ensign Kim, this is your station. Would you like to take over? It's not crunch time yet, Mister Kim. I'll let you know when. Engage.  [Mess hall] (At the prow of the ship, with picture windows - a small Ten Forward.) (Paris enters and goes to the food replicator.) The Cardassians gave us the last known heading of the Maquis ship, and we have charts of the plasma storm activity the day it disappeared. With a little help, we might be able to approximate its course. Adjust our course to match. The Cardassians claimed they forced the Maquis ship into a plasma storm where it was destroyed, but our probes haven't picked up any debris. We'd still be able to pick up a resonance trace from the warp core. Origin, Mister Kim. On screen. (The viewscreen shows a narrow band of energy heading towards them.) Analysis. Do it. Red alert. Move us away from it, Lieutenant. Full impulse. Can we go to warp? Brace for impact. Report! Repair crews, seal off hull breach on deck fourteen. Bridge to Sickbay. Doctor, can you hear me? Paris, how's Stadi? I need a better description than that, Mister Kim. Can you get the viewscreen operational? What about on that, that array? Any idea what those pulses are that are coming from it, Mister Kim? Try hailing the array. Secure all engineering systems. I'm on my way. Ensign, get down to Sickbay. See what's going on. Mister Rollins, the Bridge is yours. What's the warp core pressure? Lock down the magnetic constrictors. We don't have a choice. We've got to get the reaction rate down before we try to seal it.  [Sickbay] Unlock the magnetic constrictors. Pressure? What kind of scan? Bridge? Janeway to Bridge, respond. (Carey vanishes.) Initiate emergency lock-off. (Janeway vanishes.)  [Sickbay] (Kim and Paris help a man onto a biobed as the EMH examines a woman on the next one.) Don't believe your eyes, Mister Paris. We've only transported a hundred kilometres. We're inside the array. No, thank you. My name is Kathryn Janeway, captain of the Federation Starship Voyager. Move around. Scan the area. See if you can find anything that might be a holographic generator. Can you tell me why we're here? Wait for what? Janeway here. Paris? Come on!  [Barn] (Adah appears from thin air with a pitchfork, then the rest of the farmers. Janeway and four crew run in and the door closes behind them.) Janeway to Bridge. Anybody there? How long were we over there?  [Bridge] Tractor them. All senior officers, report [Sickbay] JANEWAY Acknowledged. Computer, how many crewmen are unaccounted for? Hail the Maquis. Commander Chakotay. My name is Captain Kathryn Janeway. We were on a mission to find you when we were brought here by the array. One of our crewman is missing. Was he transported back to your ship by accident? Commander, you and I have the same problem. I think it makes sense to try and solve it together, don't you? Put down your weapons. You won't need those here. It's good to have you back, Mister Tuvok. You are speaking to a member of my crew. I expect you to treat him with the same respect as you would have me treat a member of yours. Now, we have a lot to accomplish, and I suggest we all concentrate on finding our people and getting ourselves back home. Break out the compression phaser rifles. Meet us in Transporter Room two. We're going back. We'll divide into teams. Mister Tuvok, while Chakotay and I are looking for Torres and Kim, your job is to find out as much about this array as you can. It brought us here. We have to assume it can send us home. Agreed? (Chakotay nods.) Mister Rollins, maintain Red alert. Keep us on constant transporter locks. If this has something to do with what Chakotay said. Come on.  [Farm] (The two parties meet up. Tuvok is in Starfleet uniform.) Maintain your comm. link. I don't want to lose anyone else. I don't know what you need and frankly I don't care. I just want our people back and I want us all to be sent home. This minor bipedal species doesn't take kindly to being abducted. What have you done to them? We are their commanding officers. We are entrusted with their safety. They are our responsibility. That may be a concept you don't understand. Left for what? Tell us what you're looking for. Maybe we can help you find it. You've taken us seventy thousand light years from our home. We have no way back unless you send us, and we won't leave without the others. Come in. Faster. That's only one of the mysteries we're dealing with, Mister Tuvok. Take a look at this. (A scan of the planet on her desk monitor.) It's virtually a desert. Not one ocean, not one river. It has all the basic characteristics of an M-class planet except there are no nucleogenic particles in the atmosphere. I've studied thousands of M-class planets. I've never seen an atmosphere without nucleogenics. There must have been some kind of extraordinary environmental disaster. As soon as repairs are complete, we'll set a course for the fifth planet. Kim's mother called me just after he left her. Delightful woman. He's her only son. He'd left his clarinet behind. She wanted to know if she had time to send it. I had to tell her no. Did you know he played clarinet in the Julliard Youth Symphony? I barely knew him. I never seem to have the chance to get to know any of them. I have to, I have to take more time to do that. It's a fine crew and I've got to get them home. You're right as usual. I've missed your counsel, Tuvok. I spoke to your family before I left. Well, but worried about you. They miss you. I'll get you back to them. That's a promise, Tuvok. Captain's log, supplemental. The Maquis ship and Voyager have encountered a debris field where sensors have detected a small vessel. One humanoid life form is on board.  [Bridge]  Hail them. (The viewscreen is covered in metal debris. Someone with spots and a mohican hair cut clears it.) We're not interested in this debris, Mister Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation starship Voyager. Do you know this area of space well, Mister Neelix? Do you know anything about the array that's sending energy pulses to the fifth planet? Sounds as though you've heard this story before. The Caretaker? As a matter of fact, he did. Do you know where he might have taken them? We'd appreciate any help you could give us in finding these Ocampa. Of course, we'd want to compensate you for your trouble. Yes? If you help us find our missing crew members, you can have all the water you want. Good. We'll beam you over and tow your ship into our shuttle bay. Mister Tuvok, go to Transporter Room two and meet our guest. We have a technology which can take you instantly from your ship to ours. It's quite harmless. May we?  [Transporter room] The Kazon-Ogla? Who are the Kazon-Ogla? I thought you said the Ocampa had our people. Janeway to Voyager. Energise. (Two tanks appear. The Kazon run to them.) There's more where that came from, if you can help us. This man led us here suggesting we might find a people called the Ocampa. Do you know where they are? To the surface? You mean they live underground? This same entity has abducted two of our people. We believe they might be with the Ocampa. That would be difficult. It's integrated into our ship's systems. (Neelix grabs Jabin and holds a tiny weapon to his throat.) Six to beam up.  [Transporter room] Computer, end Medical Holographic Programme. (The EMH vanishes.) Would you be willing to take us underground to look for our missing crew? We don't need a tunnel. We have the ability to transport there directly. Have the transporter room begin a sweep for any breaches we might be able to beam through. (Tuvok leaves.) Can you take us there? We'll be glad to leave once we find our crewmen. Away team to Voyager. What's going on with the array?  [Bridge] If they were trying to get to the surface, how would they go? Mister Paris, you and Neelix go with her and start checking them out. We need to talk to every doctor and nurse at this hospital, see what they can tell about Torres and Kim. (Boom. The settlement shakes.) Go ahead.  [Bridge] Explain. If he dies, how the hell are we supposed to get home?  [Shaft] (Paris uses his tricorder.) Call for transport when you have them, Paris. We'll meet you on the ship. Janeway to Voyager. Three to beam up. Come on. There's only one other way out of here.  [Shaft] JANEWAY (starting up the stairs.) Don't wait for us. Get them to safety. They're not far ahead of us. Keep going. [Tunnel] Hold on. Neelix, help me with Tuvok. Go ahead. Set a course. I'm on my way. Bring the weapons systems online. Red alert. (Voyager and the Maquis ship approach the Array. Two Kazon ships are there.) On screen. All we care about is getting home, Jabin. We're about to transport over to the Array to see if we can arrange it. We have no dispute with you. This is ridiculous. We have no intention of challenging you. Jabin, can we discuss this like two civilised (Transmission ends.) I guess we can't. (Boom.) Fire phasers. Evasive pattern, delta four. (The Kazon ships are Maquis sized, tiny compared to Voyager.)  [Maquis ship] JANEWAY Good. Mister Paris, take the conn. Maintain transporter locks, Ensign. Emergency beam out status. You know what to do. (Tuvok leaves.) We need you to send us back where we came from. You're sealing the conduits before you die. Something you did turned their planet into a desert, didn't it? That was the debt that could never be repaid. There's another like you here? Why were you bringing ships here, infecting people with a fatal illness? Incompatible? You've been trying to procreate? Did you ever consider allowing the Ocampa to care for themselves? Children have to grow up. We're explorers too. Most of the species we've encountered have overcome all kinds of adversity without a Caretaker. It's the challenge of surviving on their own that helps them to evolve. Maybe your children will do better than you think. Go ahead. Can you hold them off for another few minutes? Unless you help us. If you destroy the Array, we'll have no way to get home. Voyager, report. Stand by. And what happens to the Ocampa after we're gone? Would it? We never asked to be involved, Tuvok, but we are. We are.  [Bridge] (Voyager is still taking weapons fire.) Mister Tuvok, ready the tricobalt devices. Open a channel to the Kazon. I'm calling to warn you to move your vessels to a safe distance. I intend to destroy the Array. I can and I will. End transmission. Move us four hundred kilometres from the Array, Mister Paris. I'm aware everyone has families and loved ones at homes they want to get back to. So do I. But I'm not willing to trade the lives of the Ocampa for our convenience. We'll have to find another way home. Fire. (Two blue torpedoes strike the Array. Mega-KaBOOM as it falls apart.) On screen. Come in. Mister Paris, you have a problem. I've invited Chakotay and the other Maquis to become part of this crew. It seemed the only reasonable thing to do under the circumstances. It seems you already have one. Mister Chakotay said something about his life belonging to you? He'll be taking responsibility for your safety. Don't be so sure. He'll also be my First Officer. Everyone aboard this ship will report to him, including the lieutenant assigned to conn. I've entered into the ship's log on this date that I'm granting a field commission of lieutenant to Thomas Eugene Paris. Congratulations. You've earned this, Tom. I'm only sorry your father won't know. We supplied your ship with water, Neelix. It's ready to go. I'm sorry. This isn't a passenger ship. Colleagues? We're alone in an uncharted part of the galaxy. We have already made some friends here, and some enemies. We have no idea of the dangers we're going to face, but one thing is clear. Both crews are going to have to work together if we're to survive. That's why Commander Chakotay and I have agreed that this should be one crew. A Starfleet crew. And as the only Starfleet vessel assigned to the Delta Quadrant, we'll continue to follow our directive to seek out new worlds and explore space. But our primary goal is clear. Even at maximum speeds, it would take seventy five years to reach the Federation, but I'm not willing to settle for that. There's another entity like the Caretaker out there somewhere who has the ability to get us there a lot faster. We'll be looking for her, and we'll be looking for wormholes, spatial rifts, or new technologies to help us. Somewhere along this journey, we'll find a way back. Mister Paris, set a course for home.
What about alternative energy sources? Ensign Kim, have you had any luck getting power from the holodeck reactors? Fine. Now let's move on to the personnel situation. We still have (Neelix and Kes enter.) Neelix, this is a briefing for the senior officers. Very well. You're welcome to join us, this time. (Paris gives up his seat to Kes.) To be honest, we could use some excellent suggestions right now. When can you start? It's your idea. It's your project. Okay. The personnel situation. We've managed to find a replacement for the Transporter Chief, but we still need an Astrogation plotter, a Chief Engineer, medical support personnel. B'Elanna Torres? She was the one involved in that incident with Mister Carey. Just what job do you think she's suited for? You're serious. Regarding Sickbay, we still need a Chief Medical Officer. Good idea. Lieutenant, I understand you studied biochemistry at the Academy. Close enough. You just volunteered to become a field medic. Report to Sickbay as soon as we're finished here. Stations, everyone!  [Bridge] Report! Mister Tuvok! All stop. On screen. Gravimetric flux density is over two thousand percent. If I'm not mistaken, we're looking at a type four quantum singularity. On speakers. (A female sounding voice, but the words are garbled.) Does it look like any ship you're familiar with? They may be trapped in the event horizon. Open a channel. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Starship Voyager to the vessel near the quantum singularity. Do you need help? Can we tractor the vessel out? No. It looks like it's being pulled in toward the singularity. We have to get it out of the event horizon. Mister Carey, what do you think?  [Engineering] Very well. You're in charge, Mister Carey. Report to me when the tractor beam is ready.  [Engineering] Mister Paris? Hold our position here. (to Chakotay) I'd like to see you in private. [Ready Room] We have a problem and I think it's time we discussed it. You don't understand, Commander. This isn't about Torres. My problem is with you. Let me be blunt. What you tried to do just now was out of line. When you decided to call Torres in Engineering. Carey is the senior officer in Engineering. That's the problem, right there. They're not your people. You're treating the Maquis on this ship like they're still your crew. I can't make it easy, Commander. Surely you can understand that. They don't have the discipline. They don't have the training. The Starfleet officers on this ship have worked all their lives to earn their commissions. How am I supposed to ask them to accept a Maquis as their superior officer just because circumstances have forced us together? You're qualified. You're a graduate of the Academy, and you have Starfleet command experience. Go ahead. Show me another qualified Maquis candidate and I'll consider him. Who cannot control herself and who could not make it through the Academy. Theirs or yours, Commander? Dismissed.  [EMH's office] (Kes walks into Sickbay.) Acknowledged. Mister Tuvok, lock onto that ship. Impulse engines, full reverse!  [Engineering] JANEWAY Cut the engines. Engineering, get that tractor beam offline.  [Engineering] Do it. (A few more seconds of shaking, then all is still.) Move us to a safe distance, Mister Paris. No, but we are going to need some help. Lay in a course for the Ilidaria system, full impulse. Have Mister Neelix report to the Bridge. It looks like we're going to follow his suggestion after all. [Ready room]  (Janeway is working with a PADD and computer when the doorbell rings.) Come in. (Torres enters.) Have a seat. No one blames you for what happened. Commander Chakotay thinks very highly of you. He's recommended you for Chief Engineer. Do you think you're ready? Ready to be Chief Engineer on a starship. It's part of what I mean. There's also the matter of your ability to command others. I'm not sure I'd be doing you a favour by putting you in charge down there. There'd be a lot of hard feelings toward you from many of the Starfleet people. And the job requires knowledge of Starfleet protocol, experience with Starfleet methodologies. I'll be honest. I'm not sure whether you are or not. That's why I wanted to meet, try to get to know you a little better. I've been studying your Academy record. Thanks to Tuvok, we had the names of your entire crew by the time we left DS9. Four disciplinary hearings, one suspension. You had quite a turbulent couple of years, didn't you. What do you think the problem was? We work under that same system on this ship. Why did you quit the Academy, B'Elanna? Yes, Doctor? Of course. I'm getting a distorted transmission. Shrinking? All of this could be related to the quantum singularity. It was sending out strong spatial distortions. They might have affected the crew, and your systems as well. You're right. I'll look into linking your programme into the ship's data. (Bang! Janeway gets up from her desk and goes to the Bridge.) Report. On screen. Mister Tuvok? Check the navigational logs. Confirm our position. Well, we can see the singularity so I tend to believe that the external sensors are correct. Mister Paris, lay in a course away from the singularity. This time at maximum warp. Ensign Kim, I want you to keep a sensor lock on the singularity. Verify that we're moving away from it. Engage. All stop. Ensign Kim, transfer all the data on spatial distortions we encountered to my ready room. I'm going to begin my own analysis. Commander, have all departments run complete system diagnostics. I'll expect a full report from all senior officers at fifteen hundred hours. Lieutenant Carey. Fine.  [Engineering] I finished my study of the spatial distortions coming from the singularity. I can give you a long, boring analysis. Suffice it to say, I don't know what's going on. The readings are confused, the data is contradictory. None of it makes any sense. Anyone have anything more constructive? Good. You have another idea? That was my guess too. We could set up a similar field around our external sensors and communicate with them. Let's give it a try. Dismissed. (Chakotay turns back at the door, and Janeway gives a little smile and a nod.) [Bridge] Open a channel to the other ship. (Still garbled words from the woman. Possibly the word singularity in there.) Remodulate the EM band. See if you can clear it up a little more. I don't think you'll get a response, Lieutenant. That message we unscrambled is the same message I sent out nine hours ago. And in this case, we'd be staring up at the surface of the event horizon and seeing a time-delayed reflection of ourselves. You're right. It's the only theory that explains everything that's happened to us. We've probably been in this singularity since we felt the first jolt. No, but that's okay. One of the more difficult concepts to grasp in temporal mechanics is that sometimes effect can precede cause. A reaction can be observed before the action which initiated it. If your analogy's correct, how do we get through that sheet of ice? Or make a crack. Take something and smack it into the ice until it buckles. When we first entered the event horizon. (Er, how do you make a hole in gravity?) So we'd be looking for a subspace instability in the event horizon. What would make it show up on our sensors? If we saturate the event horizon with warp particles, we might be able to see the escaping through the rupture we made when we entered. [Bridge] Mister Tuvok, take the main deflector off-line. Mister Kim, reroute the port and starboard plasma flow to the main deflector. We can use it to generate a warp field. Release the warp particles. (An orange beam hits the black hole, lighting it up.) Put it on screen. We found the crack. That's the important thing. Now, how do we make it bigger. All right, a dekyon beam. Mister Paris, bring us closer. Can we emit a beam from here? We'll have to take a shuttlecraft. Getting there is the easy part, Mister Paris. We need someone who's familiar with the finer points of temporal mechanics, and unless you've been hiding your credentials, I don't think that's you. B'Elanna, you're with me. The Bridge is yours, Commander. [Shuttlecraft] We've cleared Voyager. We'll reach the rupture in approximately four and a half minutes. Let's get that dekyon beam online. Professor Chapman was. He put a letter in your permanent file saying that should you ever re-apply, he would support you. He thought you were one of the most promising cadets he'd ever taught. Some professors like students who challenge their assumptions, B'Elanna. And so do some captains. Professor Chapman wasn't alone. Many of your teachers thought you had the potential to be an outstanding officer. You had more friends at the Academy than you realised. We're fifteen kilometres from the rupture. Start charging the dekyon beam. Increase speed. We have to get to that rupture before these spatial distortions tear us apart. All right. Let's open this hole in the ice a little wider. Initiate the dekyon beam. [Bridge] We've widened the opening by over sixty five percent. I'd like another five for safety. Let's get back to Voyager.  [Bridge] (It is peaceful here, too.) One of them is a temporal reflection, but which one? I'm getting identical readings from both ships. That means we have one chance to pick the correct ship. Starboard. No. It may be closer to the rupture, but it's facing the wrong direction. The starboard ship is facing away from us. That means they're trying to give us easy access to the shuttlebay. The starboard ship's thrusters are at standby. They're holding position. But the port ship is moving toward the rupture. Don't you see? Voyager did move toward the rupture twenty minutes ago when we first discovered it. That's why the port ship is moving toward it now. It's a time-delayed reflection of what we did before. The starboard ship's the real one. They're waiting for us. All right. Cut the thrusters. Let's see what happens. (Bump as they come to a halt on the deck.) Feels like a real ship to me. Let's get back to the Bridge. [Bridge] Commander Chakotay, report. In command school, they taught us to always remember that manoeuvring a starship is a very delicate process. But over the years I've learned that sometimes you just have to punch your way through. Mister Paris, full impulse power. (As they approach the rift, the ship starts shaking again and people fall about.) Keep it together, Mister Paris. (Voyager blasts through the remaining rift and out.) Set a course. I want to be at least one hundred million kilometres away from the singularity before we begin repairs. [Engineering] (Chakotay escorts Torres into main engineering.) Observing. Two crew members have already filed complaints about her promotion and she may be in for a tough period of adjustment, but I think B'Elanna's going to make a fine addition to this crew. Our crew. One of the nice things about being Captain is that you can keep some things to yourself. Go ahead. We're little busy right now, Doctor.  [EMH's office]
Report! Mister Paris, can you identify the source of the wave? Differentially charged? That would suggest a massive detonation. Are you familiar with any intelligent life forms in this system, Mister Neelix? Adjust course to investigate. On screen. (A grey cratered ball.) Life signs? Take us into orbit. Or there was. What do we know about surface conditions? Mister Paris, Tuvok, you're with me. Miss Torres, meet us in transporter room two. Commander, you have the Bridge. [Ruined plaza] (The away team beam down into the night of a scene of devastation, like the aftermath of a war. Tuvok puts his phaser away and they all take out their tricorders.) There was a chain reaction in subspace, very likely triggered by the detonation of one or more polaric ion devices. At least it happened quickly. Polaric detonation would have swept through this city in seconds. I'm not so sure there was a war. Look at these readings, B'Elanna. I'd say these conduits were the source of the explosion, wouldn't you? That's what it looks like. A time bomb underneath every street, running into every home. [Kes's quarters] (Kes is crying.) You never left here, Tom. You were standing here the whole time. I want everyone to stand exactly where they are. If Tuvok's right, there may be subspace fractures floating like icebergs across the planet's surface. Away team to Voyager. Four to beam up. (Then Janeway is in the sunlight with Paris) [Plaza] (Janeway uses her comm. badge.) Tuvok! B'Elanna! Janeway (A young boy starts screaming. A local law officer comes over to him.) I'm sorry we startled him. We just came around the corner. Perhaps the uniform scared him. We're not from this area. This morning. We were actually looking for a clothing shop. We thought we'd change into something more appropriate. We can assume that Voyager will be looking for a way to reach us. I'll set my comm. badge to emit a subspace beacon. If they get close, maybe they'll pick it up. I know. Don't even think about it, Tom. The Prime Directive is clear. We cannot allow our presence to alter this planet's natural course of events. Yeah. He considered it the guiding principle of space exploration. Well, tune back into this one, because I agree with him. You have no idea what the consequences might be once you involve yourself. You're not to warn these people. That's an order. (The young boy is back, and staring at them.) Oh, god. Come on. (The boy runs and stops in front of them.) Young man, we're here on a business trip and we have a lot of work to do. That's right, we're from Kalto Province. Well the attendant was wrong. That was us. Let's concentrate on getting out of here. (Paris examines the energy conduit running along the side of the plaza.) If we had access to a polaric ion generator, we could modify a tricorder to emit a polaric field. At the very least it might help us scan for a fracture. We're from Kalto Province. We were hoping to tour your power facility, compare it to our own. Well, now you have. We're not spies. Not since we left home. Janeway. Not where I'm from. I don't see any point in this. I don't know. I have no idea. (The young boy is carried in, struggling.) The boy has nothing to do with any of this. No, he's just somebody we met here. Look, this is all a misunderstanding. They're for surveying property. I've been thinking of buying land here. I need to survey it. A patriot? And I take it very few people here agree with you. Wait a minute.  [Ruined room] (Kes feels a presence pass through her.) Kes. It is my real name. Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. [Ruined room] You wanted the truth, all right, here's the truth. We're from the future. Exactly one day in the future. In a few hours from now there will be a serious accident on this world. It will be caused by a polaric detonation. We came here in an interstellar ship to investigate that explosion. When we arrived, we were exposed to the polaric radiation. [Room] It's very likely that what ever you're planning to do could be responsible for this tragedy. The explosion had an after-effect that no one expected. It created fractures in time. We fell through one of those fractures. No, but they are for communication. My crew is trying to contact me. I told them the truth when I realised we'd already violated the Prime Directive in the worst possible manner. Just by being here. Because if we hadn't been here it's very possible this world would not have been destroyed. Think about it, Tom. Before we got involved, these people were planning to commit some kind of sabotage next week. We were the ones who forced a change in their schedule. Because of us, they decided to begin today at four hundred rotations, and we know the detonation takes place today at just after four hundred and one . We've travelled back to a point in time before the explosion, so, yes, we can be responsible for it. Who knows what might have happened between now and then. They could have been arrested before they got a chance to carry it out, conditions at the plant might not have been the same next week. But it's become our problem now, Tom, and we have got to find a way to solve it. [Briefing Room] I cannot and will not do anything to help you. I am a hostage. These men are here to break into the plant. (The guard backs away, so Makull shoots him. Latika tries to get away. Paris gets between Terla and the boy, and Terla shoots him in the side. While Janeway and Latika go to Paris, Makull and Terla shoot at the guard post and break into the power plant.) Will you stay with him until help arrives? I'll be back for you. Just hand that bag to me.  [Ruined corridor] Everybody on this planet has less than three minutes to live if you go through with this, Makull. Don't! I assume you're going to sabotage the plant, probably by detonating some kind of device. That may be true, but something will go wrong. Give me the bag. (Makull clutches it to his chest.) All right then, we'll wait. [Ruined corridor] What time is it? We'll just wait until twenty three. They're cutting through subspace. Our own rescue attempt. That's what sets it off! My weapon may be able to seal that hole. It's our only chance. (Makull opens the bag and Janeway takes out a phaser. She fires it at the growing wormhole.)  [Ruined corridor] Yes, Commander. Are you familiar with any intelligent life forms in this system, Mister Neelix? Mister Tuvok, any indications of trouble on that M-class planet? Is it populated? Which means, as a policy, we don't involve ourselves in their affairs. There it is. (Blue and with clouds.) Enter the planet's co-ordinates into the log and maintain present heading, Commander, warp six.
Assuming we do find dilithium on this planetoid, we're going to need a refining facility on the ship to process it. The impulse reactor? Sometimes I think B'Elanna goes out of her way to find solutions that ignore Starfleet procedures. I'm sure it can. Tell her I want regular reports on her progress every step of the way. Are you sure you won't join me for breakfast? I was thinking of having eggs Benedict with asparagus, strawberries and cream. I said I was thinking about it. I'm actually having ration pack number five. Stewed tomatoes with dehydrated eggs. I'll see you on the bridge. [Mess hall - kitchen] (Captain Janeway walks through the door into a steam-filled room, and her jaw drops open. Neelix has a pair of large pans sizzling away on blazing braziers. He seasons them, then puts some food onto a metal tray and hands it to a crewman across a serving counter.) What is going on here? I could say the same thing. What are you doing? You have turned this into a galley? Neelix, who approved this? Well, you might have asked me first. This used to be my private dining room. If you had checked the ship's directory, you would have noticed that cabin one two five alpha deck two is designated as the Captain's private dining room. Go ahead. On my way. I want you to come with me. We will deal with this later. What have you found? How much dilithium are we talking about? Commander, take an away team down into those caves and do a preliminary geological analysis. Lieutenant, you'd better get your dilithium refinery on-line. Very well, Mister Neelix. (Neelix joins Chakotay and Kim in the turbolift.) How could anyone remove his organs so quickly? It appears that Neelix was attacked. We don't know how it happened, but someone has surgically removed his lungs. (Kes goes to Neelix's bedside.) Did you find any evidence of the life sign that Neelix reported? Can't we fit him with a pair of artificial lungs? Commander, I'm taking an away team back to the planet. You're in charge until we return. Inform Mister Tuvok I want three armed security detachments to accompany us. Issue type three phasers. (Janeway, Chakotay and Kim leave.) Neelix said there was a life sign two metres behind this wall, but my tricorder says there's nothing but solid rock for another fifteen metres. Wait a minute. The rock is warmer here. Let's make a little heat of our own. (The four line up in the cavern entrance and fire phasers at the rock face. The tunnel appears.) There's a chamber down this corridor. [Sickbay]  This looks like some sort of storage facility. Any sign of Neelix's lungs? Save the cataloguing for later, Tuvok, according to my tricorder there was a lifeform in this room less than ten minutes ago. Open it. One life sign twenty metres ahead. Let's go. [Tunnel] (Kim spots someone and shoots, forcing him to drop his weapon. Janeway picks it up. It is a curious two-pronged design. Their way is blocked by a rockface.) Go ahead. Tractor them [Tunnel] Commander. Beam us back. As soon as we're aboard lay in a course for pursuit.  [Bridge] JANEWAY So it sounds like we're dealing with aliens who've developed a technology specifically designed to locate and extract organs from other beings. Why? On screen. Hold position here. Mister Kim? Any sign of weapons or defence systems? How large is that crater? How do you know what I'm about to do? One of these days I'm going to surprise you, Tuvok, but not today. I've already considered other options. If Neelix has any chance of surviving, we have to act fast. Red alert. Mister Paris, lay in a course. Mister Tuvok, maximum shields. Phasers at the ready. (Voyager heads into the crack in the asteroid.) Use your discretion, Mister Paris. Any sign of the vessel, Lieutenant? You're doing fine, Mister Paris. Just fine. Can you determine which ship is the real one? It's like trying to move through a hall of mirrors. You never know when you're going to walk into the glass. That's a chance we're going to have to take. Tuvok, extend the deflectors to maximum range. If we do run into something, it'll give us an extra margin of error. Follow the ion trail, Mister Paris, slowly. Mister Kim, continuous scans. B'Elanna, shut down the warp core.  [Engineering] JANEWAY Bridge out. Can you pinpoint the source of the dampening field? Tuvok, what would happen if we locked phasers and fired at the source. All right, we won't try that. So we could use the phasers like a searchlight, scan the interior of the station until we find the ship. Do it. (Lots of orange lines criss-cross the chamber.) On screen. (It is right in front of them.) Mister Paris, bring us within transporter range of that ship. Bridge to transporter room three. Lock onto those two life signs and beam them aboard. You're on the Starship Voyager. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway of the United Federation of Planets. You attacked one of our crewmembers and you have lured us into this asteroid. Why? A virus? Some kind of disease? So you harvest the bodies of other beings to replace your own tissues as they're consumed by this phage? I have a great sympathy for what your race has endured, but I cannot allow you to keep the organs you removed from one of our crew members. We need them back immediately. So now I am left with the same choice you made. Whether to commit murder to save a life, or to allow my own crewman to die while you breath air through his lungs. I can't begin to understand what your people have gone through. They may have found a way to ignore the moral implications of what you are doing, but I have no such luxury. I don't have the freedom to kill you to save another. My culture finds that to be a reprehensible and entirely unacceptable act. If we were closer to home I would lock you up and turn you over to my authorities for trial, but I don't even have that ability here, and I am not prepared to carry you forever in our brig. So I see no other alternative but to let you go. Take a message to your people. If I ever encounter your kind again, I will do whatever is necessary to protect my people from this harvesting of yours. Any aggressive actions against this ship or it's crew will be met by the deadliest force. Is that clear? I can tell you, from what we've observed of them, that they are considerably superior. I'll take you to him. [Sickbay] (Dereth uses his scanner on Neelix.) I look forward to sampling your cooking, Mister Neelix. Well, at least until we get the replicators back online.
Not an inspection, Lieutenant. A stroll. Carry on. Gentlemen. As you were. So, has Neelix concocted anything interesting this morning? We shouldn't judge him too harshly. He is helping us conserve replicator energy. Well, I'll see you at duty call. (Janeway leaves.) Neelix? [Kitchen] (He doesn't appear to be around, so she enters and explores the various bubbling pots and pans.) No. No, it's the same colour I always wear. Neelix. Do we have any coffee left? I don't want something even better. I want coffee. Never mind. I'll use one of my replicator rations for coffee. I beg your pardon? Well, thank you for reminding me. Fine. Give me your even better than coffee substitute. Just coffee. On my way. Janeway out. Tomorrow maybe. (Janeway leaves her cup, so Neelix drinks it.) [Bridge] Yes, Commander? Yes, there was. Put it on screen. Magnify. Are you thinking we could collect these omicron particles to provide an additional antimatter reserve, Lieutenant? Senior bridge officers, report for duty. Commander, set a new course. There's coffee in that nebula. (Paris and Kim enter.) Exploring this nebula should raise some spirits around here, don't you think, Commander? You're closer to the crew than I am. How bad is it? I'm worried about them. I wish we had a counsellor on board, but the nature of our mission didn't require one. Animals? Is there a different animal guide for everyone? Let me guess. Yours is a bear. You strike me as the bear type. Okay. If not a bear, then what? But he guides you well? Can one just choose their own animal guide? Slow to one third impulse. You've got a date. Analysis, Mister Kim. Mister Paris, any problems for navigation? Mister Tuvok, can you find us a rich deposit of omicron particles in there? Set coordinates. Engines at one quarter impulse. Engage. (Voyager heads into the pinky purple swirly thing.) Cause? Engineering, could the magnetic field from our impulse engines be attracting this dust? [Engineering] Ahead, slow. Mister Tuvok? How far to your omicron particle deposits? Maintain course and (Judder!) Report! Is it natural or artificial? [Engineering] How far are we from the particles, Lieutenant? It's conceivable this energy barrier is related to those particles. Mister Kim, if you can get a transporter beam through the barrier Miss Torres, do we have enough power to take the ship through the barrier? [Engineering] All right. Maximum shields. Engage full thrusters for four seconds and then drop to one quarter. What do you make of it, Mister Tuvok? Red alert. Try reversing the shield polarity. Mister Tuvok? Clarify. Are we under attack? Go ahead. [Engineering] A drain? Why would we be losing energy? Do it. This is not what I had in mind. Mister Paris, take us back through the energy barrier and out of here. Full thrusters. Engineering, I need more power.  [Engineering] Proceed. And no way to replace them after they're gone. [Engineering] Give me a two second blast from the forward phaser bank. Mister Paris, assuming we can breach the energy barrier, it's likely to close as fast as the first time. Align coordinates along ship's heading. Fire. (Whoosh. A hole opens up ahead of them. The ship shakes.) Stand down red alert. Take us to two thousand kilometres off the perimeter and hold position. Get a sample of that matter off the hull for Lieutenant Torres to analyse. I'd like to know what it was that humbled every defence system on this ship. How much of our energy reserves did we lose, Ensign? I'm just going to have to give up coffee. That's all there is to it. [Kim's quarters] (Harry is in bed when someone enter and pulls off his eye mask.) Come in. Good. Let's plan an oh seven hundred departure. What's this? Will it help me find my animal guide? Now? Now. (Chakotay goes up the step to the informal area by the window, puts his bundle on the low table and sits on the floor. It takes a moment for Janeway to take the hint and join him.) Akoonah? I know this place. It's Yes. What do I say? I'm sorry. I should've asked the computer for no interruptions. Come in. (Chakotay wraps up his bundle as Torres enters.) The Commander was introducing me to my animal guide. Microscopic life forms from the nebula. I need to know if we did serious harm to this life form. Computer, mute audio. Isolate that concentration of omicron particles we were tying to get to. Mister Tuvok? Is it possible they're leaking out through the breach we made? It's also a logical conclusion that all of the phenomena we've encountered were actually this life form's natural defence systems. So it seems very clear that we've severely hurt an innocent life form. How do we repair the harm we've done? Computer, resume audio. Any ideas how we could stimulate regeneration? Commander, take us to yellow alert and advise the crew that we're going to re-enter the life form. Mister Kim, review all systems in light of our first experience and see if you can provide new safeguards. Tuvok, your job is to find some modification of the shields that will hold off this life form's natural defence systems. We begin at thirteen hundred hours. Dismissed. [Mess Hall] (Neelix delivers a meal tray to a table.) Come in. Not a monster, Neelix, but it is a life form. No joke. Because we hurt it, and we have to help it recover. And I thought you were a man of unlimited talents. All our crews are busy preparing for this mission. I'm not pulling them off their duties to prepare your ship for launch. And I'm not going drop you off on the side of the road every time we hit a bump. When we finished, if you want to leave that's your business, but for the moment, find yourself a seat with a good view, because just like Jonah and the whale, you're going in. Dismissed. That's a Starfleet expression for get out. [Bridge] Disengage impulse engines. Engage thrusters one third. Red alert. Mister Kim? Without causing further harm to the creature? Very well. Hold your course. Magnify. Engineering, ready your nucleonic beam. [Engineering] Mister Paris, bring us into position. Report! Will they hold? Engineering, initiate emergency shutdown of all thrusters. Reset IDF baseline at three zero zero and reinitialise. All stop. Damage report. Have you any idea where we are, Mister Paris? Let's hope it has a slow digestive process. We need to get back to the wound without causing a response from its defence systems. Suggestions? Mister Kim, are you showing omicron particles in these currents? If the currents are distributing omicron energy throughout the life form, the circulatory system might pass right by that wound. Use the reaction control thrusters in drift mode only, Mister Paris. I appreciate the thought, Neelix, but this is hardly the time. Don't push it, Neelix. Well done, Mister Paris. Take us gently out of the current. Stay in RCS drift mode. Miss Torres, prepare your nucleonic beam. Two doses to start. Five bursts at a two second interval. Now. Analysis. [Engineering] Suture? You like dogs, Mister Paris? I like dogs, too. When I had to clean out a cut on my dog's leg, I needed to create a little diversion first to take her mind off it. Mister Kim? Prepare a class four microprobe. Lieutenant, if I gave you a short burst from our thrusters, would it be enough for you to manoeuvre into the breach in ten seconds? Once we launch that probe as a diversion, you might have ten, maybe even less than that. Mister Kim, status? Set coordinates for launch at one sixty mark seven zero. Cut power after five hundred metres. I don't want to hurt this life form again. Engineering, I'll need a one second burst from our aft [Engineering] JANEWAY Launch microprobe. Thrusters. [Engineering] Maintain position. Engineering, direct two nucleonic beams fore and aft, parallel to the central axis of the ship. [Engineering] Hold position. I am aware of that, Mister Tuvok. Hold position. Engineering, ready full thrusters. Mister Paris? Disengage nucleonic beam. Fire thrusters. [Engineering] Now, Mister Paris. Actually, I'm going to talk to an animal and then turn in. Something Commander Chakotay taught me. It's supposed to be quite therapeutic. You might want to ask him about it. What is it, Ensign? Join you where? [Sandrine's] (Chakotay and Paris are playing pool.) As you were. Well, this is remarkable. Mister Kim tells me this is your doing, Mister Paris. You would have changed it and I would've missed all the fun. (Gary whispers to Torres.) Is this pool or billiards? Right. Pool's the one with the pockets. Would you mind if I gave it a try? Commander Chakotay, your stick? A cue. All right. So what do we do? Do I go first? (Paris allows Janeway to break. Three balls head into pockets.) Solids. Eight ball in the side pocket. JANEWAY
Let's see what you have, Mister Kim. Verteron emanations. Tunnelling secondary particles. It certainly looks like a wormhole. Very true. But you can also say there's a one in four chance it will. Those aren't bad odds. Any analysis yet, Ensign? Well, Mister Kim, if there's even the possibility of finding a wormhole, I think we can afford a detour. Lieutenant, input the coordinates and change course. On screen. Are we in visual range? Magnify. Increase to highest magnification. Mister Kim, are you able to analyse it? We still have to find out if it goes anywhere near the Alpha Quadrant. Can you trace it's subspace bearing? Agreed. Do it, Lieutenant. I think what we're seeing is a wormhole in an advanced state of decay. Must be ancient. Probably been collapsing for centuries. That shouldn't take long. Stuck? Let's give it some time. Maybe it will work itself loose. What is it, Ensign. What's the condition of the probe now? If we're reading scans from the other side, it's possible the probe is acting as a relay. If that's true, we should be able to use it to transmit a message to whoever is executing the scan. Let's try it, Mister Kim. You may be right, but I'd rather assume that he's going to be successful. [Engineering] Janeway here. Proceed. The only way is if that somebody answers. [Engineering] Are you reading anything, Mister Tuvok? You're right. Janeway to Kim. Continue transmitting. You have the bridge, Commander. Mister Tuvok. Come in. Kes, this is a surprise. Not at all. I was just going to have a cup of soup. Would you like anything? I'm sure. Computer, one spinach juice with a touch of pear and one cup of vegetable bouillon. What can I do for you? (They take their drinks to the settee.) Of course. Kes, do you and Neelix feel that your needs are being ignored? The Doctor? How do people treat him? Well as a matter of fact, I've been hearing the other side of the coin. Many of the crew have complained that the Doctor is brusque, even rude, that he lacks any bedside manner. We've been talking about reprogramming him. Kes, he's only a hologram. No he's not. Because he's been programmed to do that. Very well, I'll look into it. Progress report, Ensign. Let's see what happens. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. Do you read? (Static garble.) This is Kathryn Janeway of the Federation ship Voyager. Is anyone receiving this communication? This is Janeway. Please repeat your last transmission. Cargo vessel, we're still trying to clear up your last transmission. Please repeat one more time. We're in the Delta Quadrant, but since this quadrant hasn't been charted I can't specify our exact location. Correct. Yes. We were on a mission and we got pulled into this quadrant. It's a complicated story. Please, if you would just try deconstructing the phase shift of our hailing frequency you could verify. I assure you I am telling you the truth. We are in the Delta quadrant, seventy thousand light years from you. No, no, wait! Kim! Hail them again. That Romulan still has the ability to get a message to Starfleet. Mister Kim, hail the Talvath repeatedly. Call me the minute you re-establish contact. Commander, you have the bridge. Computer, initiate Emergency Medical Holographic Programme. There is no emergency, Doctor. [Sickbay] I'm sure she didn't realise you were busy. Actually, I thought we might just talk for a moment. Doctor, you were originally programmed to serve in a limited fashion during an emergency. Now you're being asked to do much more. You don't have the luxury of thinking of yourself as am Emergency Medical Programme any more. You've become a full-fledged member of the crew. No. I'm asking if there's anything I can do to help you. If there's anything you need, or want, I'd like to see that you get it. What if I gave you control over your deactivation sequence? I'm sure we can make it possible for you to turn yourself off, or to prevent being turned off. I'll have someone look into it. Anything else? You do that. [Captain's quarters] (Janeway is asleep in her bed under the stars.) Janeway here. Good work. Put him through to my quarters. (She gets up and goes into the main room.) This is Kathryn Janeway. Thank you for answering our hail, Captain. What is your name? How may I address you? Very well, I understand that you must have been sceptical when I told you where we are. I hope you've been able to verify our position. To what end? How can I assure you of my truthfulness? Yes, we are. Our mission was originally in the Alpha quadrant. We were pulled against our will to our present location. Now we're trying to get home. Captain, I understand your concern. Naturally the Romulan Empire doesn't want Starfleet spying on it's science vessels, but since we're seventy thousand light years from Romulan space and a subspace message to Starfleet would take years, I think you have to admit that we can't be much of a threat to you. You have nothing to fear from us. If we were spies, we wouldn't be asking what I'm going to ask you now. We have no way of communicating with Starfleet, with our friends and families. We're hoping you might be able to relay a message for us. Our crew is not large. Each of them could write a short personal message. You'd be welcome to read them all before passing them on. I think you'd be convinced that they're nothing more than the heartfelt words of some very lonely people. I have no objection. When that's done, will you help us? Goodnight. [Bridge] Good work. On screen. (The static eventually resolves itself into the head and shoulders of a Romulan man.) Yes. I want to thank you, Captain, for maintaining contact with us. It means a great deal to me and to my crew. It's new, but it isn't classified. I'm a little surprised your intelligence hasn't provided you with the information. No doubt. Captain, have you been able to communicate with your government about sending on our messages? I see. And when do you think they will have an answer? We don't have the luxury of a great deal of time. My officers are predicting that the probe will become inoperable in the next forty eight hours. You said you've been in space for over a year. Have you any family? I assume they're not with you in space. A daughter. How old is she? Then you've never seen her. You must miss your family very much. Captain. Everyone of us on this ship has left behind friends, family, loved ones. We may not see them again for years, maybe never, so we can all understand how lonely you must be. Surely you must understand our feelings as well. We would be deeply grateful for any efforts you might make to persuade your government to send our messages. Thank you. Commander, let's assume he's going to be successful. Tell the crew to prepare personal messages and have them ready within the hour. Go ahead, Torres. Slow down, Torres, and tell me what you're talking about. Are you suggesting You'll have to reconfigure the matter transmission rate. And we risk losing whatever we try to beam out. See to it, Lieutenant. You have my authorisation to use any of the ships personnel you need. This has top priority. And don't worry about secrecy. I doubt you'd be able to keep this quiet for very long. (Torres leaves. Janeway picks up a photograph of a man and a dog, and gazes longingly at it.) [Sickbay] (Kes returns the PADDs.) And our Chief Engineer has managed to bind a transporter beam to the visual link between us. Exactly. Bridge to Transporter room one. All right then. Let's give it a try. Can you get it back? [Transporter Room] We should run a series of these tests just to make sure, but we have to act quickly before the probe is crushed. Eventually we will have to try transporting a person. One of our crew will beam to your ship if you'll allow it. But Captain, if we can't transport to your ship, how are we to get back? Very well. We'll be in touch. [Corridor] Let's hope it goes as well with the Romulan. Agreed. Well, let's try it. Energise. What's the problem? Welcome to the Delta quadrant, Captain. My first officer, Commander Chakotay. Lieutenant Tuvok, head of security. Chief Engineer Torres and Operations officer Kim. (Tuvok puts away his phaser and takes out a tricorder.) Mister Tuvok, you may begin evacuation procedures. What is it? I know you're disappointed, Harry, we all are. It seemed we were so close. But clearly we can't go back. It would pollute the time line to such an extent that the consequences would be unimaginable. I'm afraid we'll have to send you back alone and ask that you not reveal anything that has happened here. I'm afraid we're left with our original request. In twenty years, would you relay our personal messages to Starfleet? I promise you'll hear from us. Because we will get back. [Transporter Room] (Tuvok gives Telek a yellow isolinear chip.) And I thank you for your help. Energize. I'll tell the crew. They can have the satisfaction of knowing that their messages have reached their families. And? That was four years ago. Then let's move on. We've got a long way to go. [Sickbay] (Guess who is back on the biobed, this time having his calf examined, and talking to Kes.)
We've got an incoming shuttle with an injured crewman on board. It's either Ensign Kim or Lieutenant Paris. We haven't been able to raise them. You're sure there's only one life sign aboard? Transport him to Sickbay. I'll be down there. Mister Tuvok. [Sickbay] Can you tell us what happened to Paris, Mister Kim? Do you have any idea who the victim was? We'll find out about Paris, Mister Kim. Janeway to Chakotay. Set a course for the Banean homeworld, Commander. Come in. Lieutenant Paris has gotten himself into trouble. I'm taking the ship into orbit while we try to sort things out. The stakes are too high to send a shuttlecraft this time. I want to show our flag to make it clear we mean business. Based on your experience, what can we expect the Numiri to do to intimidate us? Tell me about them as a people. Are they aggressive, technical, intellectual, emotional? Anything that might help me deal with them. On my way. [Bridge] Shields up. On screen. Mister Neelix. Why? Let's hope it's a positive sign. Hail them. Open a channel. I am Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. (The Numiri are reptilian, while the Banea just have some feathers growing amongst their hair.) One of my crewmen is being held on the Banean planet. We're on our way to investigate. Understood. You have my word that we intend to remain neutral in your conflict. Our only interest is in our own crewman. Have all security stations remain at full alert. Continue long range scans for Numiri patrols around the clock. Take us into orbit. [Minister Kray's office] (Kray enters.) My chief of security, Lieutenant Tuvok. Exactly what are these circumstances, Minister? All we know is that a member of our crew has been accused of murder. What form of punishment? These memories are used in the trial as evidence? Are you all right, Tom? But the victim's own eyes identified Tom, it's very important you tell us everything. Harry said you spent some time with Mrs Ren while he and the professor were working. What's going on? Is this normal? I'd like to take him back with us to our medical facility. Minister, we don't intend to leave orbit until we prove his innocence. Then this punishment could actually be causing serious brain damage. This might be the basis for an appeal of the sentence, don't you think? What do you have in mind, Tuvok? Evasive pattern, beta one four zero. Dual attack mode. But why now? Why an unprovoked attack? What are they after? Commander, prepare to initiate attack manoeuvre kappa zero one zero. Be my guest. Not to belittle Maquis tactics, Commander, but this is a very old trick. You're lucky I wasn't commanding one of them. That's one trick you won't be able to use again when we get back. Cancel red alert. Take us into high orbit. Mister Tuvok. Any progress with your investigation? Tuvok With Kim? Why? His condition has continued to deteriorate. He'll have serious brain damage if the implants are not removed. We're still committed to proving his innocence, Minister. Due to the nature of his condition, we're concerned that our transporting device might cause further medical complications, so we're sending him back by shuttlecraft. They'll leave this ship in one hour. Red alert. On screen. No resistance, Harry. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. You have illegally seized one of our shuttlecraft. Yes, we appreciated that warning and took appropriate precautions. If you read the sensor readouts in front of you, you will see that the shuttle is carrying forty tons of thalmerite explosives. Enough to destroy your ship. I'm prepared to detonate those explosives in thirty seconds if you do not release our vessel. End transmission. (Transmission ends. Paris and Kim enter.) Tractor the shuttle and take us into low orbit. Cancel red alert. Mister Paris, how soon before your next cycle? That should be enough time to clear this up. Mister Tuvok, this is your show now. I'll invite the Minister myself. [The Ren's home] Someone on the surface had to be informing the Numiri of Lieutenant Paris's movements.
A stable transuranic element inside a natural environment. This is a first. That's assuming we can mine it. Ensign, try and locate the highest concentration of the element. Good idea. Commander, you're in charge. Arrived from where? What about the element we discovered? [Cavern] I'm afraid I agree with Commander Chakotay. Set your tricorders for passive scans. I don't want to disturb anything. Very well. Keep me informed. [Cavern] JANEWAY Bridge to Transporter Room Three. Do you have them? Scan the asteroid. Seska, initiate emergency transport procedure [Transporter room] JANEWAY How were you able to revive her? Why was she covered with this biopolymer? Explain. Can you wake her? I know this must be very confusing for you, but you're all right. My name is Kathryn Janeway. Your brother? I'm afraid he's not here. Ptera, we were able to remove the tumour from your brain. You're going to be all right. We revived you because one of our No. No, it's not. You're on a starship. Let me explain. We need to focus on those vacuoles. Concentrate on trying to probe them with a high resolution subspace scans. See if you can find any sign of Mister Kim. Go ahead. I'm on my way. You have the Bridge. [Sickbay] You've told me quite a bit. At least now I have an idea of what might have happened to Mister Kim. Is there anything I can do for you? About what? We're not sure exactly. But from what we do know, the vacuoles deposit the bodies on the asteroids in this ring system. I'm not sure what you mean. Ptera, I know this must be frightening for you. You've been through a very traumatic experience. It would frighten me. But please try to understand. Just because I don't have the answers to your questions doesn't mean there aren't any. Ptera, I am going to do everything in my power to figure out just how you got here. And as soon as I know anything, I will tell you, all right? Janeway to Bridge. Report. [Bridge] Janeway to Engineering. B'Elanna, what's going on? [Engineering] I'm reading another vacuole forming on the ship. Tuvok, try remodulating the shield harmonics. This is odd. Three bodies have appeared on Voyager so far, and each one of them has released some kind of neural energy. In every case, the energy has passed through the hull and out into the rings. The energy's frequency is identical to the ambient radiation in the asteroid field. (Whumph!) The vacuoles have all formed within twenty metres of the warp core. They might be attracted to it. Janeway to Bridge. Mister Paris, lay in a course. I want to get [Bridge] JANEWAY Any other subspace vacuoles forming? Begin working on a way to protect the warp core from these vacuoles. We're doing everything we can to get you back home, Ptera. Once we locate our missing officer, we're hoping he might be able to tell us enough to Explain. Ptera, you should know that there's no guarantee this is going to work. All right. Commander, prepare a subspace transponder and teach Ptera how to use it. You understand the instructions for Mister Kim if you find him? Acknowledged. Good luck, Ptera. Abort the procedure. Pull her back. Shunt emergency power into buffer tank four. Is there any brain activity? Can we revive her? Janeway to Lieutenant Torres. How long until we have to leave? That gives us two hours to find Mister Kim. We'll have to stay within high-range scanner range. Perform another subspace scan. This time extend the scan radius to ten AU. I'm on my way to Engineering. Janeway out. Ensign, beam her onto one of the asteroids. That's where she was meant to be. (Janeway leaves.) Status on the warp core, Lieutenant. Very well. Mister Paris, bring us about. Prepare to resume our (Whumph!) Human? Janeway to Seska. There's a body on deck twelve. Beam it directly to Sickbay. Mind if I join you? Thank you. So, how are you feeling? You're off duty for the next two days. It's not a reflection on your capabilities, Ensign. I just want to give you a chance to reflect on what's happened. This may not make much sense to you now, a young man at the beginning of his career, but one of the things you'll learn as you move up the ranks and get a little older is that you wish you had more time in your youth to really absorb all the things that happened to you. It goes by so fast. It's so easy to become jaded, to treat the extraordinary like just another day at the office, but sometimes there are experiences which transcend all that. You've just had one, Mister Kim, and I want you to live with it for a little while. Write about it, if you feel like it. Paint. Express yourself in some fashion. The Bridge will still be there in two days. I wouldn't be so sure of that, if I were you. That neural energy their bodies release, it becomes part of the ambient electromagnetic field surrounding the planet. Our readings also indicate the energy's unusually dynamic. There's a great deal of variation and pattern complexity, quantum density. I'm not certain, but I am certain about this. What we don't know about death is far, far greater than what we do know. See you in two days, Ensign.
I think it's finally beginning to happen. Both crews getting along. Yes, I'm sure it will. Go ahead I'm on my way. [Bridge] (Janeway, Paris and Kim enter.) Report, Commander. Go to yellow alert and slow to impulse. Hail them, Mister Kim. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. What is the nature of your emergency? But you're sending out a distress call. Why? that's very kind of you Mister Tuvok, make the necessary arrangements to receive our guest. [Mess hall] (Neelix and Kes are working in the kitchen when Janeway and Gath enter. Tuvok follows.) Mister Labin, it really isn't necessary to go to all this trouble. We won't be long, Neelix. This is Mister, this is Gath. He's from Sikaris. (Gath takes dishes from a bag he was carrying.) Do you know the planet? Tell me, how do you know about us? This is wonderful. Sounds like all this would increase performance and maximise efficiency, don't you think, Mister Tuvok? Well Gath, looks like you're getting visitors. We'll set a course and follow you in. What is this material? It's so delicate. It's lovely but, no, thank you. All right, but something small. Maybe a scarf? Let's start with the scarf. Oh, I think this one. Well, I should get back. But with your permission, I'd like to start organising teams to gather plants and seeds. I'll find my officers and we'll return to the ship. We'd be delighted. Captain's log, stardate 48642.5. The crew is enjoying an evening on Sikaris. They are discovering, to their delight, that reports of this species' hospitality have not been exaggerated. [Plaza] (Kim is in casual clothes, reclining on cushions and telling the story.) Oh my, I have lost all track of time. My crew has gone. I'm the last one here. I am. (Gath slowly moves in for a kiss.) Calm down, Ensign. What is it? That's something that's been theorised, but no one's ever been able to develop the technology. How far can it take you? What do you think? Would it be possible to modify your technology so we could use it? What is it? It's the first time we've been on the other side of the fence. The one that's made of binding principles. We have our own set of rules, which includes the Prime Directive. How many times have we been in the position of refusing to interfere when some kind of disaster threatened an alien culture. It's all very well to say we do it on the basis of an enlightened principle, but how does that feel to the aliens? I'm sure many of them think the Prime Directive is a lousy idea. They just might be. From what we've seen of them, they're a remarkably pleasure oriented people. They might appreciate a gift of literature. I'll arrange to meet with Gath. As Magistrate he has the authority to make this decision. You'll do nothing of the sort, Lieutenant. If I find this law is negotiable, I'll make every attempt to get the technology, but until then we won't do anything that might violate their canon of laws as we understand it. That's all. (Everyone leaves except Kim and Torres.) Pecan pie. I'd be happy to share it with you. Gath, I want you to know I understand your reluctance to share your technology with us. We have similar restrictions. But I wondered, would it make any difference if I gave you my word that we would destroy the trajector matrix as soon as we'd used it? I understand. And frankly, I suspected as much. But I have a proposal which might allow you to obey your laws and still give us what we want. Surely you could use the trajectory to send us? Forty thousand light years would mean a great deal to us. And in return, we're prepared to offer you something you might enjoy. A full library of the Federation's finest literature. Centuries of stories. New stories from diverse cultures. Stories that fire the imagination. Pecan pie. [Engineering] Did Jaret explain what he meant when he said Gath had no intention of helping us leave? Possibly. But somehow I suspect he's right. Thank you for coming to me with this, Ensign. It may muddy the situation somewhat, but it helps me force the issue. Dismissed. Oh, Tuvok, what do I do now? Not very pretty choices. But does that matter? I told the crew when we started this journey that we'd be a Starfleet crew, behaving as Starfleet would expect us to. That means there's a certain standard I have to uphold. Principles, principles. That's what it comes down to. Do I compromise my almighty principles? But how do I not compromise them if it involves a chance to get the crew more than half way home. How do I tell them my principles are so important that I would deny them that opportunity. You're right. Thank you, Tuvok. [Plaza] Have you spoken with the other Magistrates about using the trajector? It's becoming a matter of some urgency. We've imposed on you for long enough. My crew is eager to continue our journey. Once they realised the trajector might bring us forty thousand light years closer to home. Home is home. It's where we belong. Yes, but for how long? I've seen how quickly you get tired of your pleasures. All that interests you is what's new and unexplored. After a day or two it becomes commonplace. We prefer permanence. The reward of relationships that endure and grow deeper with the passing of time. You may be right. And that's why we have to leave. I'm sorry. I was just trying to illustrate the differences between us. That's all you really care about, isn't it? Your pleasure. All your hospitality, your graciousness, it was never about giving us pleasure. It's all been to gratify yourselves. We're nothing more than the latest novelty. You never had any intention of helping us, did you? Janeway to Voyager. One to beam up. [Bridge] Cancel all shore leave and recall the away teams. We've been asked to leave. I don't think he ever had any intention of helping us. He just strung us along. Oh, I wish I could, but I can't. Get them back as quickly as you can, Commander. I think we've overextended our stay here. I'll be in my Ready room. [Mess hall] Are all the food supplies secured? Bridge to Engineering. We'll be leaving orbit within minutes. [Engineering] JANEWAY We're ready to leave orbit. Thrusters online. Mister Paris, take us out of orbit. Four thousand kph. Janeway to Engineering. [Engineering] JANEWAY When did this problem show up? Keep me advised. [Engineering] Bridge to Torres. What's happening? [Engineering] JANEWAY You? I will deal with you in a moment. (to Torres) I don't have the luxury of throwing you in the brig for the rest of this voyage. I need you. I need every person on this ship. But I want you to know how very deeply you have disappointed me. If there are any further transgressions, even a minor one, you will no longer be an officer on this crew. Is that clear? Dismissed. (Torres leaves.) I don't even know where to start. I want you to explain to me how you, of all people, could be involved in this. You did it for me because you knew I couldn't. You are one of my most valued officers and you are my friend. It is vital that you understand me here. I need you, but I also need to know that I can count on you. You are my counsel, the one I turn to when I need my moral compass checked. We have forged this relationship for years and I depend on it. I realise you made a sacrifice for me, but it's not one I would have allowed you to make. You can use logic to justify almost anything. That's it's power, and it's flaw. From now on, bring your logic to me. Don't act on it behind my back. Dismissed. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
What do you see, Mister Paris? Using some kind of cloaking device. Voyager to Away team. Any unexpected [Planet Surface] JANEWAY We're picking up an unidentified ship in low orbit. Collect your teams and prepare to transport back while we investigate. Do it. (The brief flash reveals the silhouette of a ship.) Kazon. Voyager to Away teams. Return to the ship immediately. Long-range scanners picked up the distress signal three minutes ago. Mister Kim. Can you determine that this ship has sustained genuine damage? Mister Paris, run an extended scanner sequence to identify any other Kazon ships that might be in the area. Maintain scans and set a heading to intercept. I take your warning seriously, Neelix, and we'll act with caution, but if we can help we should. Besides, this may be an opportunity to make a friend and out here, we can use all the friends we can get. [Kazon Ship] (Tuvok, Torres, Seska and Chakotay beam aboard the dark little ship. It's crew seem to be melted into the bulkheads.) Altered? What? You're saying they have some kind of Federation weapon on board? We can't transport it out? How could they possibly have Federation technology? Bridge. Not to my knowledge. Computer, hold turbolift. I don't like number three at all, Tuvok. I want you to personally go through the transmission logs, Tuvok. Compare them to the actual telemetry. See if there's any evidence of prior contact with the Kazon. Who would have had a chance to meet with them while you were on the surface? Why would anyone on this ship betray us? We're all in this together. We need to retrieve that console and get some answers before the rumours get out of hand. Computer, resume. [Engineering] How long will it take to set this up? I want it ready by the end of the day. Understood, Lieutenant. (Janeway leaves.) Who was working on that test? What's their ETA? If we know about them, it's a good bet they know about us. We don't have anything good to tell them. I think we'll wait. Computer, identify who just beamed off the ship from Transporter Room two. If we try to beam her out while she's manipulating subspace, we might kill her. (Seska screams.) Have a seat, Mister Carey. She was promoted to Chief Engineer over you, Lieutenant. That might be difficult for someone in your position to accept. She doesn't. What about before we arrived at the planet? Did you have any reason to signal the Kazon-Nistrim ship? Why Seska? I'd like to believe you, Mister Carey, but somebody did contact the Kazon. And until we know who, I'm going to have to restrict you to quarters. (Carey leaves.) What do you think? He's also had a distinguished Starfleet career. Seska has spent most of the last two years as an enemy of the Federation. How soon will they be here? I wish we had something more definitive to tell them. Open a channel. I am Kathryn Janeway, Captain of the Federation Starship Voyager. We responded to a call for help. Unfortunately, by the time we were able to respond, all but one of the crew were dead. He hasn't regained consciousness. We have him in our Sickbay. We'd be happy to beam you aboard so you can see him. Doctor, this is First Maje Culluh of the Kazon-Nistrim. Could you give us the latest condition report on your Kazon patient? The blood of volunteers from our crew. They saved his life. We've been working on a plan to access the source of the explosion, which should answer a lot of the questions. I'm afraid I can't allow you to do that just yet. There was a trace of a Federation compound in the remains of the explosion. We have reason to believe that someone on board this ship gave technology to your people. Until we have a better explanation of what occurred, I can't release that ship to you. It will have to be. Perhaps by then we'll have the answers we need. I assume they'll want to take him back to their ship. I'd rather not let them do it just yet in case he regains consciousness. There are a lot of questions he can answer. Can I tell them it's not safe to move him? Good. (A needle comes from Culluh's ring and he injects the injured Kazon. Tuvok spots in and leaps forward to grab him.) Get off this ship. (Tuvok escorts the Kazon out.) Complications? Meaning? No. I suggest we wait until we retrieve the console. Janeway to Torres. [Engineering] Good. Then let's get started. Janeway out. (Janeway leaves.) Open a channel. On screen. As I've already informed you, we're attempting to retrieve the console that caused this explosion. You know, I'm really easy to get along with most of the time. But I don't like bullies, and I don't like threats, and I don't like you, Culluh. You can try and stop us from getting to the truth, but I promise you, if you do I will respond with all the unique technologies at my command. Janeway out. At least not until reinforcements get here. Janeway to Away team. I don't want to rush you, Lieutenant, but I beg your pardon? Acknowledged. Well done, Away team. We'll meet you in Engineering. [Engineering] We may take replicators for granted, but imagine what it would mean to a culture that doesn't have this technology. Can you tell if any part of the console came from out ship? I want a complete report on everything we've found so I can share it with our Kazon friends. [Sickbay] (Chakotay enters, and Kes leaves.) Minor technology that could change the balance of power in this quadrant. Computer, identify destination of transport. Ready a tractor beam. Power down the tractor beam. Set a course out of here, Mister Paris, warp four. Engage when ready. We'll have to wait for another day to settle up with Seska. [Mess hall] (Chakotay goes straight to Tuvok, who is reading at his corner table.)
Energise. (Glowing orange gas fills a container.) Here's the problem. A slight breach in the annular confinement beam. If this photonic matter works as well as I think, it could boost the efficiency of our power converters fifteen percent. How long will it take to finish the preliminary analysis? I'd like to get it sooner than that. I believe Ensign Kim is off duty. Could you use his help? I think I might be able to. Janeway to Kim. That's odd. Computer, locate Ensign Kim. Scan the holodeck. What's the matter? Is it a system malfunction? Commander. [Outside Holodeck two] Go ahead. Killed? Run a diagnostic on the holodeck's imaging control systems. If they're not working, try to repair them. And relay your tricorder scans to the Bridge. I'd like to analyse your readings. We've analysed your tricorder data. A deep-level scan shows minute quantities of photonic energy. And from there into other ship systems as well. We've already found some in the replicators. We have to consider it a possibility. After all, the holodeck are basically an outgrowth of transporter technology, changing energy into matter and back again every time a programme is run. Emergency transport. Get them out of there now. Commander Chakotay, report. Mister Tuvok. Photonic energy leaking into the subsystems could certainly damage the nodes, and it might have created a defect in the programme that occurs when Grendel shows up. We'll have to modify your data stream protocols and imaging systems. But the fact that you're going to the holodeck simplifies things. The projection systems are already in place there. Nothing on the holodeck will be able to touch you unless you want it to. Think of this as your first away mission, Doctor. I can understand your hesitation. But there are three lives at stake, and you have the best chance of anyone on this ship to save them. Do you understand that? Good. Your job is to find the photonic energy surge and scan it closely. We need all the data we can get. You'll have to interact with the characters in the holonovel, so make sure you're familiar with the Beowulf story. Your circuit modifications will be finished in three hours. Sickbay, emergency transfer.  [Sickbay] Apparently, contact with photonic energy disrupted your magnetic cohesion, but we're still not sure if that's what happened to the others. They're showing a synaptic pattern. I wouldn't expect to see something like this in photonic energy. Is this the first time those patterns have shown up like this? If you can, you might be able to get more information about how photonic energy damaged the holodeck systems. Moving through the ship. A life form?  [Engineering] Be ready to seal the hull breach with a force field. I'll have a damage control team standing by for repairs. And let's track it on sensors when it gets out. Let's get it on screen. (A bright light appears and takes in the small one.) What was that?  [Sickbay] It appears to be some kind of photonic lattice. Or maybe a transportation device. Their equivalent of a ship. At any rate, we had sensor contact for a few seconds, and we picked up three distinct bio-electrical patterns inside it. We have three missing crewmen. Our best guess has been that they were somehow converted into energy while they were on the holodeck. We find no sign of them on this ship. Then we pick up three discrete patterns in that lattice. Three patterns that don't match anything else in that lattice, and which have biological components. I don't think it's a stretch to hypothesise that those are our crew members, converted into a kind of photonic energy. We have good evidence now that there are photonic beings that live in that protostar. Life forms that have intelligence. We didn't know that when we beamed those energy samples on board. We had no idea that what we were doing, in essence, was capturing those life forms. We locked them in a containment field and began to experiment on them. If my people were taken like that, I know what my response would be. I would do whatever was necessary to get them back. Yes. These beings can manifest themselves on the holodeck in the matrix of a holo-character. That's how they were able to take our crew members hostage. A gesture, to show we mean well. It's certainly worth a try. Ordinarily, officers go through intensive training before they're put into a first contact situation but you're the only one who can do this safely. I agree. Make arrangements to transfer the life form to a container so the Doctor can carry it. But remember, if you're holding the container, you'll have to stay in solid form. Scan it. All sensors. Go ahead, Doctor.  [Holodeck - Great Hall] JANEWAY It's one of the most exciting aspects of space exploration, meeting new species, establishing communication, sharing differences and similarities. But it did. It just didn't happen in very predictable ways. But if you think about it, we entered into conflict, communicated, and eventually established a peace treaty with them. I'm placing a special commendation in the logs for exemplary performance by the Chief Medical Officer during his first away mission. I'd like to cite you by name. Kes tells me you've chosen one. Is that true? [Sickbay] Sounds like you had quite an adventure on that holodeck, Doctor. Well, something tells me you haven't had your last one. (Janeway leaves.)
That would be lovely. Thank you. I'll be sure to be prompt. Mrs Templeton, I have no wish to do anything that might disrupt this household but let me make something perfectly clear. I've been hired by Lord Burleigh, and it's his orders I will follow, not yours. I suggest we try to get along, Mrs Templeton. Surely there's room here for both of us? Two, please. I'm sorry. I didn't here you come in. I understand. I'll certainly try, your Grace. Go ahead, Mister Kim. Doctor. Extracted? What happened, Lieutenant? Any idea why? And the alien ship? Why would someone want to extract his bioneural energy? We're going back to that nebula to try to find the ship that attacked you. Janeway to Bridge. Prepare to lay in a new course. Mister Tuvok will provide you with the coordinates. We'll keep you posted, Doctor. [Bridge] Lieutenant Torres is in Sickbay now. When she reports, tell her to go over those damaged sensor logs with a fine tooth comb to see if she can reconstruct any of the data. Well, this is going to make things a little more difficult. I've been using the long range sensors to analyze the nebula you discovered. It's sending out strong electromagnetic radiation. We won't be able to scan inside it. You know, it sounds to me like a perfect hiding place. I don't like the idea of going in there blind. Let me see if I can reconfigure the sensors to a multiphasic bandwidth. I've lost all sensor contact with the nebula. I don't understand. Wait a minute, we've altered course. Mister Paris? Mister Kim, check the navigational computer. Who ordered the course change? Ensign, transfer helm control to your station and reset our original course. Mister Paris, I want you to run a full diagnostic on the conn station. See if you can isolate the problem. We just changed course again. Mister Kim? Get us back on course. From where? See if you can re-establish control. (Paris enters.) It seems we've developed a new problem while you were gone. Get us back on course for the nebula. Janeway to Torres. Who's in the navigational control? Are you certain about that, B'Elanna? Janeway out. Explanation, Mister Paris? Well, I'm willing to rule out mutiny for time being. I believe you, Mister Paris, but we have to consider the possibility that you might be having a problem with your memory. I want you to go down to Sickbay. Have the doctor check you out. Lieutenant Durst. (Durst escorts Paris out.) [Sickbay] These planetoids inside the nebula, they may be generating a dangerous gravitational effect, like storm currents. Chances are they've mapped those currents and they're taking the only safe way through. Agreed. Lay in a course to the (The lights go out.) Bridge to Engineering. Report. Lieutenant Torres, please respond. Mister Kim, take the Bridge. Tuvok, you're with me. [Engineering] Torres, what's going on? You've initiated an emergency warp core shutdown. Too late. The warp core is offline. It'll take at least two hours to regenerate the dilithium matrix. Ensign, get the rest of the systems back online. Apparently, you've just crashed the main computer, locked out the Bridge and stopped this ship cold. Do you want to tell me why? What the hell is going on here? [Sickbay] Doctor, what are you saying? If we're right and there is an alien here, it seems intent on preventing us from going back to the nebula. What's more, it seems to have the ability to jump from person to person. If that's true, it could be in any one of us, controlling our actions without us realising it. Which means the doctor is the only person on board we can trust at this moment. Doctor, until we have eliminated this alien presence, I can't take the risk that it could take over any of the senior officers. I'd like to transfer all command codes to you until further notice. No, but you will act as a failsafe. If you feel at any time that any one of us are under the influence of the alien, you can countermand our orders and take control of the ship. Do you feel up to it? Computer, transfer all command codes to the holographic doctor. Authorisation Janeway eight four one alpha six five. Let's see if we can get the warp core back online ahead of schedule. Do you know where? Very well. Proceed, Mister Tuvok. (Elsewhere.) Perhaps, but that discharge had to come from somewhere. What do you suggest? Mister Kim, what were you doing just now? I'm very disturbed by what just happened here. We don't have any idea what occurs when someone is occupied by this alien presence. If we start pointing a finger every time someone gets distracted, it won't be long before outright paranoia starts sweeping the ship. Tuvok, B'Elanna, I want you to get started on that magneton flash scan. It's worth a try. Dismissed. [Sickbay] (The EMH is checking on Kes.) Come in. Make a ship-wide announcement before you initiate the scan. Assaulted? But you weren't physically assaulted. Is it possible that you inflicted her wounds? Maybe you were inhabited by the alien at that moment. Agreed. Janeway to Sickbay. Computer, activate Emergency Medical Holographic System. Disabled? By whom? The Doctor's initialisation routine has been locked out. It's encrypted. I can't reactivate the programme. Why would someone deactivate the Doctor? Yes, but once he was deactivated the codes automatically reverted back to me. Me. It's too dangerous for one person to retain the command codes at this point. I suggest we divide my command protocols into two code groupings. You would be the reasonable choice to hold the second grouping, if there's any such thing as a reasonable choice right now. The alien could occupy either one of us at any time. I'll tell the bridge crew the plan. We'll all have to act as checks and balances for each other. [Bridge] (The thing is watching from above.) I want you all to be aware of something that has happened, something I must assume was due to the alien. The Doctor has been deactivated, and we can't get him back online. I have decided to divide my command protocols. Thank you, Mister Paris. I feel better already. Any luck getting the Doctor back online? How long is it going to take? Go ahead. I'm on my way. Mister Paris, you're our temporary medic until the Doctor returns. Ensign, I need you on the Bridge. [Engineering] No ship? Why would Tuvok lie about an attack? Acknowledged. How long until the magneton flash scan is ready to go? When it's ready, transfer control of the scan to the Bridge. In the meantime, I think we should take a look at exactly what it is we're not supposed to see. [Bridge] Mister Tuvok, can you locate the ion trail of the alien ship that attacked you? Lieutenant? Perhaps so, but then, why does it keep attacking you? In three separate instances now, it's assaulted you. So far, you've posed no greater threat than anyone else, and yet it keeps going after you. Maybe, but I don't think it's paranoia that's keeping me from picking up this ion trail of yours. What bandwidth are you on? Yes, here it is. A very interesting ion trail. There's no sign of any subspace distortions in its wake. According to these readings, it's a ship without engines. You're lying, Tuvok. There is no alien ship, and there never was. We're not going inside that nebula until we get some answers. Mister Kim, reverse course and Don't do it, Harry. Life forms. (to Tuvok) Those beings out there, are they your people? What's happening? Acknowledged, Lieutenant. Stand by. Wait a minute. Lieutenant Torres isn't authorised to eject the warp core on her own. That requires a command code authorisation. Computer, who authorised the ejection of the warp core? Chakotay. The alien in Tuvok wants us in that nebula, but there's another presence that's been trying to keep us out. It doesn't make sense, unless it's Chakotay and he knows we'll be in danger if we go in there. Maybe not. Maybe his neural energy was displaced somehow and he's able to move from person to person. You brought us here, for what? To extract our neural energy? You don't have to do this. Maybe we can help you find another source of energy. The magneton scan identified the entity before it left the ship. It was a trianic-based energy being. Come about. Maybe if we reverse course, we can just backtrack. Mister Kim, maybe you can reconstruct Tuvok's navigational logs. Go ahead. If it's Chakotay, maybe he's trying to tell us something. Mister Kim, activate Sickbay visual relay sixteen and put it on the view screen. What is it? What does it mean? Is it a code, a message? Computer, overlay a star map of the nebula on the current viewscreen image. Mister Kim, lay in a course that takes us along a line connecting those three planetoids. Engage. (It is a bumpy ride.) Mister Kim, report. Bridge to Torres. Transfer all remaining power to the thrusters, including life support. Did it work? What happened, Commander? And when the shuttle returned to Voyager you were still disembodied? Good job, Commander, and welcome back.
Have you tried locking on to their comm. signals? Are you saying walls of solid rock have changed shape in the two days since the away team was deployed? Ensign? Breadcrumbs. Got it. Very well, Commander, take a team with you, but I want a transporter lock on you at all times. Mister Ayala, scan for any alien vessels in the sector. Commander, we know from past experience that our phasers can disrupt that forcefield. I want to find out what's in there. [Tunnels] Standing by to implement an emergency beam out. [Tunnels] Now that the Vidiians know we're here, we have to be prepared for the possibility they'll call in reinforcements. Is there any way to scan inside it? If it's the same kind of forcefield that the Vidiians used the last time we ran into them, why didn't our phasers breach it? If the Vidiians can move in and out of there, so can we. Start setting up simulations. Find a way to get through that forcefield. [Laboratory] Just how small are these microfissures? Would it be possible to use our phasers to expand one of these openings as it's forming? And then, presumably, we could beam everyone back to the ship. Moreover, what's to prevent whoever goes in from being captured by the Vidiians. Good. Are you ready, Mister Chakotay? On my mark, Mister Kim. Energise. Well, now we wait. [Tunnels] (Klingon B'Elanna takes the Talaxian prisoner.) Mister Kim, can you get a lock on Commander Chakotay? Loud and clear, Commander. [Laboratory]
Yes, Neelix. We've received a subspace message from an approaching vessel. They're asking for you. Slow to impulse. On screen. Do you recognise it? Open a channel. I'm Captain Katherine Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. What can we do for you. Neelix. [Ready room] And Jetrel was somehow involved with this weapon? I see. But you survived. And your family? (Neelix shakes his head.) I am so sorry. [Transporter room] Doctor Jetrel. Lieutenant Tuvok, my chief of security. Mister Neelix has declined to meet with you. Mister Neelix has given me permission to speak on his behalf. You indicated that he may be in some kind of danger? For what purpose? Is it serious? Excuse me. I'm afraid I have some disturbing news, Neelix. According to Jetrel, you were exposed to dangerous levels of Metreon poisoning, and may be at risk of developing a fatal blood disorder. He wants to screen you for the disease. I understand your feelings, but this is your life we're talking about. I don't know what his motives are. Maybe he's trying to undo some of the damage his weapon caused? But he seems sincere, Neelix, and at this point I have no reason to doubt him. And if Jetrel discovers you don't have the disease, at least you'll have peace of mind. I simply want you to hear what he has to say. Then, if you still don't want him to examine you, no one will force you. Neelix, I think what Doctor Jetrel is trying Gentlemen, please. This is obviously very difficult for both of you but we are not here to debate history. We are here to talk about Neelix's condition. Come in. Please, sit down. Transporter systems. I would think you would be more concerned with Mister Neelix. To what end? Then theoretically, a victim's own immune system could destroy the disease. Is the isotope stable enough to be transported? We could construct a containment field to prevent any contamination of the ship, and I could have our Doctor assist you with synthesising the antibody. Janeway to bridge. CHAKOTAY [OC] Chakotay here, Captain. Have Doctor Jetrel's shuttle tractored into the shuttlebay and lay in a course for the Talaxian system. [Bridge] But it may mean saving Neelix's life. I'll send a message to Talax requesting permission to transport material from the cloud. In the meantime, Lieutenant Torres in Engineering can give you a hand with the transporter modifications. Thank you, Doctor Jetrel. It's a very promising idea. (Jetrel starts to leave, then doubles over in pain.) What is it? Maybe you should let the Doctor have a look at you. Neelix, where did you go? Why did you leave us? Neelix? [Neelix' quarters] Acknowledged. Of course. [Engineering] Any report on Doctor Jetrel's progress, Commander? Bridge to Sickbay. [Sickbay] JANEWAY Computer, activate Emergency Medical Hologram. What the hell is going on down there, Doctor? [Sickbay] You have the Bridge, Commander. Security, meet me in Transporter room one. Tuvok. [Transporter room one] We've heard that from you before. You're beginning to loose credibility. I think we should hear him out. Are you saying you're actually trying to restore people who were vaporised by the Metreon cascade? Given the degree of fragmentation you're talking about, I don't see how that's possible. I'm afraid I have to agree. It all sounds very implausible. Does Neelix really have metremia, or was that just a pretext for getting us to come to Rinax. Neelix, there are just too many variables. Lieutenant Tuvok, activate the emergency containment field around the transporter pad. We'll have to re-target scanners to the widest possible confinement beam. It's our only hope of achieving bond cohesion with such broadly scattered fragments. Energise. Phase transition coils to maximum. Is the biogenic field operational? Pattern buffers to maximum power. Take them to one twenty, Lieutenant. (The figure starts to writhe.) We're losing him. We've got to stimulate cohesion. Is there anyway to augment the biogenic field? Shut it down, Mister Tuvok. (Jetrel collapses.) Captain's log, stardate 48840.5. Doctor Jetrel's metremia is now in it's final stage. He's spending his remaining hours in Sickbay. [Sickbay] (The dying man has a visitor.)
Good morning children. I'm your new governess, Mrs Davenport. Too formal. Henry, Beatrice, I'm so glad to meet you. I've heard so much about you, and I'm sure we're going to be very good friends. Oh, too familiar. Hello, I'm Mrs Davenport. Your father has asked me here to be your new governess. (The children enter quietly behind her.) Good morning, children. It's good to see you. You must be Henry. And this is Beatrice. (Janeway holds out her hand. Henry gives a little bow.) Of course, my Lord. Please, sit down. Let's get to know one another, shall we? I'm Mrs Davenport. I hope to be a friend to you as well as a governess. I beg your pardon? I suppose it is. My Lord, I assure you that I am more than qualified to instruct you. I may have to brush up on my Latin, but when it comes to mathematics and the sciences, I'm sure you'll find my lessons challenging. And Beatrice, what do you like to study? Not even painting or needlework? Did you? Oh, I'd love to see it sometime. Beatrice, I know it was a terrible thing to lose your mother. Computer, restore characters in programme Janeway lambda one. Janeway to Bridge. Report. I don't understand. The gel packs have an extremely reliable track record. It's almost impossible to damage them. Why did this one malfunction? How many do we have left in reserve? Those gel packs run half the critical systems on this ship. Once they run out, that's it. We can't replicate new ones. Good idea. Start looking into it. How so? Dalby. I've heard complaints about him from others. Commander, you know Mister Dalby better than I do. Any idea what might be bothering him? I doubt that's going to help. Dalby's not the only Maquis who's having problems adjusting. And besides, it's not only a matter of attitude, it's also a matter of experience. It's not fair to expect Starfleet behaviour from people who never went to the Academy. We need to bring some of these people up to speed. Instruct them in how to run a Starfleet vessel. Show them why we do things the way we do. Give them an opportunity to feel like they're part of the team. Exactly. So, what do you think, Mister Tuvok. Are you up training a group of raw cadets? You taught at the Academy for sixteen years. You'd be perfect for the job. That's my point. He doesn't have to earn their respect. We do. Commander, pick out the Maquis crewmembers you feel would benefit most from the training. Have them report to Lt Tuvok at the next duty shift. All systems are being affected. Please, tell me you have some good news about a treatment. Bridge to Engineering. Transfer whatever power you can to life support, and keep working on the isolinear circuitry. Go ahead, Doctor. With a fever. Janeway to Torres. If we wanted to superheat the gel pack system, to raise it's temperature, so to speak, how could we do it? But we'd have to generate that heat by inverting the warp field towards the ship. [Engineering] Can we get to eighty percent with all the control failures we have? [Engineering] I'm aware of that, but I think we have to try it. Divert all power including life support to the warp engines Mister Paris, deactivate the nacelle control system and prepare to engage the warp engines. Do it. [Cargo bay] Mister Paris, increase antimatter flow. Mister Paris, get us to eighty percent of maximum somehow. Bridge to Torres, initiate the plasma burst. Acknowledged. Go ahead. [Cargo Bay] (Tuvok and the three get the Jefferies tube entrance open just as the conduit blows.) Janeway to sickbay, report. We need life support back on line as soon as possible. Mister Kim, start getting our systems back on line.
Oh, Doctor. I see the new holoprojectors are working. I'm a little disoriented and I have one hell of a headache. The last thing I remember is launching the escape pods. Lieutenant Torres and I were trying to stop the core breach, and then I blacked out. And the crew? Yes, Lieutenant, we hear you. Go ahead. I'm fine. I'm glad you convinced the Doctor to make a house call. What's our status? Keep on it. In the meantime I'll see if I can restore the bridge controls and start scanning for the Kazon ships. Doctor, do you know anything about bypassing a power relay? Actually, it is. Give me a hand. See this conduit? It's a power relay. It's circuits are burnt out. What we need to do is reconfigure the Neelix, this is the Captain. What's wrong? Neelix, are you there? Neelix? With the turbolifts down it'll take me a half hour to get there. Doctor, it's up to you. I'll use the remote projectors to send you to the Mess hall. Stand by for transfer. [Mess hall] (A clatter of pots and pans.) Doctor, we've almost got the warp core back online, but we need to know where the crew was taken. I want you to perform an ARA scan on the Kazon while we question him. Is something wrong? What? This could be a problem with the remote projectors. The multiple holographic signals may be confusing the computer. I'm going to deactivate you and then re-initialise your programme parameters. Computer, discontinue Emergency Medical Holographic system. You're right. Your programme's not anywhere on file. Computer, shut down all holographic systems throughout the ship. (Janeway, Torres, Neelix and the Kazon vanish.) Magnetic constrictors are online. The warp core is stable. Let's get started on those plasma relays. You, who are you? I didn't know you could be projected into Engineering. Fine. We have three wounded crewmembers over here. What do you mean, you have a more pressing matter to attend to? And who are you? I don't recognise you. Doctor, I am ordering you to take care of these wounded crewmembers. Jarvis, Parsons, put these men under arrest. Who are you? Are you two responsible for bringing us here? Enough! I don't know what this is all about, but clearly you're involved. Take them to the brig. I'll question them later. You're in no position to argue. What kind of scan? (Some people disappear.) Bridge. Janeway to Bridge, respond. What are you (Finally, Janeway disappears.) Try to calm down, Doctor, everything's going to be fine. [Holodeck] Doctor, do you know who I am? Do you know where you are? (Chakotay and Kim are there, too.) That's right. And do you know what you are? Right. Of course. It's good to have you back, Doctor. Computer, transfer EMH programme to Sickbay. [Doctor's office]
You're making significant contributions, Neelix. I can't imagine how Lieutenant Ayala would be handling the separation from his children without you. And your meals are getting to be Almost certainly a highlight of every day. Yes? You weren't invited to the holodeck defence simulations, were you? On my way. I'll see to it you're invited next time. And now, Mister Neelix, please, join me on the bridge. Have you tried hailing him? When was the last time we heard from him? Well, according to his flight plan, he's not far. We'll just have to go get him. I want all away teams back on board now. Mister Paris, plot a course for Chakotay's last known coordinates. All stop. Full sensor scan, Mister Kim. Bridge to Engineering. Prepare to receive debris samples for analysis. Chakotay's shuttle. That's speculation, Mister Paris, but that trail's the only clue we have to Chakotay's whereabouts. Engage. [Kazon trophy room] Well? So it wasn't Chakotay's shuttle that was destroyed? All stop. Bridge to Engineering. Lieutenant Torres, prepare to receive another debris sample. Then it's possible Chakotay wasn't killed in the explosion. That's the first good news I've heard all day. Thank you, Doctor. Of course, Doctor. All right, then. If Commander Chakotay wasn't in the shuttle, where is he? You think he may have transported to that moon? Radiothermic? Then this moon is some kind of Kazon fortification? In the absence of evidence to the contrary, I choose to believe Chakotay made it to that moon. Mister Kim, see if you can determine the most probable location he would have beamed to. Lieutenant, you and I will lead the away team. I don't want to wait that long, but keep trying. Neelix, Kes, you're our two Kazon experts. Kes, you'll come with Tuvok and me. Neelix, you said you wanted more to do? Well, now's your chance. I want you on the bridge with Mister Paris in case we run into any Kazon ships. Dismissed. [Cave] (Kar has found himself a handy long piece of wood. A pile of stones are glowing, presumably from being heated by an energy weapon.) Help us? With what? That's very kind of you. Very well. [Cave] I would welcome your friendship, Maje. Thanks, but I think we'll stick together. We're here, Mister Paris. [Bridge] Everything is fine. We have the assistance of the Ogla. [Bridge] Can you lock onto Commander Chakotay? Good to hear your voice, Commander. Away team to Voyager. You're right. If we can get a narrow beam through the field, we can disable it. Make it fast. [Cave] Janeway to Voyager. Five to beam up. [Chakotay's quarters]
Lieutenant. He's just out of reach. B'Elanna, can you tie the transporter directly into the main deflector dish? Use it to extend the signal? Mister Chakotay, analyse the sensor logs. I want to know what happened out there. Voyager to Transporter room two. Are you all right, Mister Kim? Yes, he's here. Why? I look forward to hearing it. I'll be in my Ready room. (A little later, Kim enters.)
Come in. I hope you have good news, Commander. Based on this inventory, our food reserves look to be down to thirty percent of capacity. That should indicate a healthy plant life. What's bad about it? I don't think we have any choice. It's the first chance we've had to replenish our supplies in weeks. Why not? Some of these readings suggest a planet early in its evolution, almost like a primeval Earth. So it might be a wild goose chase. If we knew we'd find another M class planet soon, I'd. Set a course for Planet Hell, Commander. [Kim's quarters] (Kim is playing a clarinet when the doorbell interrupts him.)  Analysis. What is it, Doctor? Doctor. Noted, Doctor. Thank you. Tell me, just how often do you eavesdrop? I'm sure. Commander Chakotay will discuss operating protocols with you at the earliest opportunity. In the meantime, no more eavesdropping, Doctor. That's an order.  Would anyone care to explain? Very well. I have a mission for the two of you. We have reason to believe that there are food sources on this planet, but we can't transport to the surface. You're going to take a shuttle down and do a little scouting. He's our best pilot, and you're our expert on edible plant species in this quadrant. There are electromagnetic anomalies in the atmosphere and I would rather have you at the helm. Am I discerning a personal problem here, gentlemen? Solve it. You leave at fourteen hundred hours. [Briefing room] At least long enough for us to beam up food supplies. Mister Paris, you and Mister Neelix will collect as many vegetables and fruits as you can while we wait for this atmospheric window to open. Mister Kim, be sure your computer simulations include [Corridor] (After the briefing, Kes is pacing when Kim and Paris walk past. Then Neelix arrives.) Can you track it?  Bring in as much help as you need. This is now a search and rescue operation. Keep me informed. I'll be in my Ready room. [Shuttlecraft] (The shuttlecraft has crash-landed.) Hail them. What do you make of it, Lieutenant? I agree. But defending what? The planet? The problem is we don't know where our shuttle went down. Recommendations? Get on it. Mister Kim, that's not an answer I can live with. Mister Tuvok, we need you to find a way to get us by that ship. Assumption confirmed. You've come up with an ingenious plan to neutralise them. Very well. Red alert. Mister Kim, set coordinates. Torres, speed at two thousand kph. Engage. [Cave] How soon will we have maximum aperture, Mister Kim? All right, Commander, let's try to draw some fire from their aft weapons systems. Bring us within ten kilometres. (The alien ship fires as Voyager flies past it.) Tuvok. Arm photons. Prepare to Commander, proceed to Mister Kim's coordinates. One half impulse. [Cave] Are their weapons systems back online already? Hold your course. We need to get through that window but prepare to take evasive action if necessary. Take us down, Commander. [Outside the cave] I'm not willing to concede that yet. Any sign of the alien ship? Mister Kim, how much longer before that window starts to close? Chakotay, extend our surveillance pattern. If we don't find them in five minutes, we'll head back to the window.  Life forms? Are they hostile? [Outside the cave]  Young? Be aware we encountered a hostile ship of unknown origin and we're showing that ship on the surface approximately one kilometre from your [Outside the cave] JANEWAY  Did you hear what I just said, Mister Neelix? [Outside the cave] Finished with what? We have an atmospheric window closing in less than six minutes. [Outside the cave]  Is there a problem? I appreciate your concern for [Outside the cave] JANEWAY
Janeway here. I'm on my way to Engineering. I'll be with you as soon as I'm done. What can I do for you, Neelix? About? I understand, and of course I want your counsel, but right now I'm late for a meeting. Yes, I know. And I will be with you as soon as I can. [Engineering]  Sorry, I'm late. What do you have? If you're successful, will the Doctor be able to move freely around the entire ship? In the same way we can now transfer him to the holodeck. Proceed. I don't have much time. What happened? How long will it take you to correct this small oversight? Mister Kim, I have to assess our navigational plan and get ready to make contact with an alien species. I can't drop everything whenever you call. Go ahead. Yes, Mister Tuvok. Somehow I will find half an hour. Yes? About two months ago. Doctor, I know I'm a bit testy today, but I can assure you It's been a while. I have a holonovel programme. It helps me unwind. I haven't had time to run it for a few weeks. Doctor, I'm really very busy. Aye, sir. Good afternoon, my lord. Will the children be joining us for tea? Lord Burleigh, is something wrong? My lord. My lord, you'll be very pleased with the children's progress in their studies this week. Henry shows a real talent for mathematics, and Beatrice turns out to be quite musical. She's very modest about it. I've heard her several times in the music room, playing a lovely Mozart sonata. But whenever I ask her to play it for me, she won't. I think her talent should be encouraged. Would you consider lessons? Beatrice is upset. I should be with her. What's happening in this house? How can you not know that Beatrice plays the piano? Why shouldn't I go to the fourth floor? What's up there? But I am asking them. I'm worried about the children. Beatrice fantasised that her mother is still alive. Freeze programme. Janeway here. I'll be right there. Sorry, my lord. Duty calls. [Bridge] Tell me what you know, Neelix. In what way? But we aren't aggressors. Will they negotiate? Will they respond to diplomacy? On screen. I'm Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. (A shadowy, back-lit figure appears.) We didn't realise that this was your space. On what basis do you claim it? I assure you, we mean no disrespect. We are from another part of the galaxy. We're just trying to make our way home. Thank you. What are the criteria? At least they're willing to talk. I suspect it was a calculated move. An attempt to intimidate us. Commander, you have the Bridge. Mister Neelix, join me in my Ready room. We should talk about this meeting. Ate? Oh, I had some soup last night. Right. Lunch it is. [Mess hall] I know, but sometimes I just get too busy to eat. Where did these come from? No, just a funny coincidence. Something I saw on the holodeck. Thank you, Neelix. This all looks delicious. And it's bound to boost my electrolyte levels. Where did you get that cup? (Neelix pours a drink into a flowered tea cup.) It's perfectly all right, Neelix. I just have to remind myself that coincidences do happen. [Corridor] BURLEIGH  In the course of your experiments with the Doctor, have you accessed any of the holodeck programs? Where did you get this holoprojector? So you haven't worked directly with any of the projectors on the holodecks? Is there anything you've done, anything you can think of, that might have caused holographic objects and characters to appear outside the holodeck? I was sure your experiments would explain it. The Doctor pointed out that I've been under some stress. I can't ignore that. Good idea. I'll contact you from the holodeck. [Holodeck - Gothic novel]  Janeway to Engineering. Have you set up the diagnostic? Go ahead. It's a costume. Computer, delete character. Recalibrate and try it again. I'm going to check something else. No, I'm fine. But I wanted to ask you about lunch. It was delicious. I was just trying to remember all the dishes you made. There was the Seltin pate. The neccel strips. The devilled throk. And the cucumber sandwiches. Weren't there cucumber sandwiches? And the cup you served my tea in? I thought it had flowers on it. It's all right, Neelix. You've told me what I need to know. [Sickbay] Could it be stress? Yes. It was interesting. I'm not sure how relaxing it was. Someone was walking your grave. It's just an old saying on Earth. A way of describing an odd feeling like that. It's human expression, Doctor. I'd think you'd have heard it. Doctor. Doctor. Who do you see here? And I see you. But I also see a little girl from my holodeck programme. (Kes walks in. She straightens up, closes her eyes, then the image of Beatrice rushes into Janeway.) I'm not sure. The image of the little girl suddenly rushed at me. As though you became a mirror. You reflected her back toward me.  Vegetable bouillon. No, cancel that. Coffee ice cream. (She starts to eat the indulgence food, then hears a noise.) Hello? Is anyone there? Computer, is there anyone in these quarters except me? Who's that? Mark. (A small dog yaps. Janeway puts on the bedroom light, but there is no one there.) Computer, open the door. (The door opens. Mrs Templeton enters, holding a long knife.) Janeway to Security. Intruder alert.  Security to the Captain's quarters! Tuvok, please respond! I think Neelix can help you. No one knows much about the Botha, but he has some information. You'll probably want him on the Bridge with you when their ship arrives. I'm not sure how Torres and Kim are coming. You know they're trying to find a way to transfer the Doctor out of Sickbay. It's not a priority, but you might want to stay on top of it. Let's see. There was a problem with one of the deflector shields. You'll want to follow up on that. And Stellar Cartography was hoping for a review of their latest report. I think Tuvok wanted to discuss something about weapons storage. Thank you, Commander. Just be sure to report to me after you meet with the Botha. What did you see? That's right. Your telepathic abilities must be increasing.  I can't stay here. Sorry, Doctor. If we're in trouble, my place is on the Bridge. [Bridge] You're not getting one. The Captain is fine. Mark. Mister Paris, who do you see on the viewscreen? Mister Kim, shut down visual. Mister Tuvok, do a multiphasic scan on those ships. I want any evidence of defensive weakness. And prepare the forward photon torpedoes for launch. Tuvok. Tuvok? Tuvok, answer me. Tuvok! (Tuvok is still.) Janeway here.  A psionic field has a psychoactive effect. That would explain the hallucinations.  Notify the Doctor. If the field is bioelectric, he might have some ideas how to neutralise it. Commander, give Lieutenant Torres a hand in Engineering. Mister Neelix, if the crew ever needed a morale officer, now's the time. See if you can help. (Chakotay leaves.) Mister Kim, remodulate the shields on a rotating frequency. (But Kim is lost.) Janeway to Kes. Can you come to the Bridge? I think we could use you. Paris, are you still with me? I'll work on the shields. I suggest you don't look at the viewscreen. I'll find out. Chakotay to Janeway. Chakotay to the Captain. Please respond. Chakotay to anyone on the Bridge. Kim, Paris, anybody. We may be the last ones left. I can't remodulate the shields. Try moving us out of here. If we can get some distance between us and those ships, we might be able to block the effects. Tom? Tom? Janeway to Engineering. Janeway to Torres. Are you there? Engineering respond. If anyone in Engineering can hear me, I'm on my way. Computer, put the Bridge controls on security lockout. [Turbolift] (Chakotay is in there, standing very still.) Deck eleven. I don't know who you are, what you are, but I won't let you touch me. I haven't been unfaithful. Why did you do this to us? Is it just telepathy, or is there technology involved? Oh, it matters to me, because I don't intend to let you continue preying on others. We could destroy your technology. Or adjust your brain wave patterns to prevent telepathy. And then we could turn you over to the government of Mithren. We could even keep you confined in our brig behind a force field. I thought, after our recent experience, that I'd take a break from fantasy for a while. It seemed that way. He had uncanny ability to bring buried thoughts out into the open. Why? I know. Me too. But, in a way, maybe he did us all a favour. Maybe it's better to look those feelings in the eye than to keep them locked up inside. Good night, B'Elanna. Sweet dreams.
It must have been very important to him. And now something you saw on that trip years ago shows up again on a moon's surface almost seventy thousand light years away. I don't suppose you have any theories that might explain this. Sky Spirits? You obviously don't put a great deal of faith in this explanation. That's what I was always taught. On the other hand, none of my teachers ever spent much time in the Delta Quadrant. B'Elanna tells me we've picked up a warp signature heading away from the moon. Think we should follow it? We still haven't found the polyferranide we need to seal the warp coils. If these people have warp technology, they might be able to help us. Besides, we are in the business of exploring, aren't we? Mister Paris, are you certain the warp signature ended here? Mister Kim, transmit a continuous message on all frequencies identifying who we are, where we're from, and make it clear our intentions are peaceful. Go Ahead.  Acknowledged. We'll send down an away team to continue the survey. Report to Transporter room three. Commander, if we meet any resistance, abort the mission. I have no intention of disturbing an alien race that would rather be left alone. On the other hand, if we can make contact, our goal is to get permission to begin excavation as soon as possible.  Mister Kim believes if we bombard the crust with antithoron radiation, we can decontaminate it before excavation begins. Any progress? [Clearing] Images? Nothing unusual has shown up on the ship's sensors. [Clearing]  If you want to call it a day, Commander. Was he wearing the comm. badge the last time you saw him? Mister Paris, what are the current surface conditions near the shuttle. And it isn't airborne? I'll lead the away team back. Mister Tuvok, Lieutenant, you're with me. Mister Paris, you have the What is it, Doctor? (The EMH's voice is almost gone.) Doctor, I think you're carrying this experiment of yours a little too far. Doctor, I'm sorry but we have more pressing matters to  Very well. Mister Kim is on his way. Try to relax [Sickbay] JANEWAY  I'm going to need you with me, Kes. Prepare a medkit and bring it with you to Transporter room three. Commander Chakotay is still on the surface and may be injured. [Sickbay] JANEWAY Why would we have the ability to beam people up, but not beam them down? If that's true, I'd be happy to respect their wishes. But unfortunately, I have a missing crewman to get back first. Janeway to Paris. [Bridge] Mister Paris, the shuttle crew didn't report turbulence this severe during their landing. Red alert. Bridge to Torres. We need more power [Engineering] JANEWAY It's not enough.  How much time do we have, Mister Paris? Engineering. Report. [Engineering] JANEWAY That's all? B'Elanna. [Engineering] KIM Report. Stand down Red alert. Anybody have an explanation? Establish a search pattern, Mister Paris. Begin scanning for human life signs. As soon as you find Chakotay, we'll send down an away team. [Clearing]
Life signs. Well, somehow I find it hard to believe this rock suddenly came to life for several seconds. Agreed. But first I want to take a look at (The remains start vibrating again.) The Caretaker was a sporocystian life form. Let's find out. Janeway to Bridge. Mister Kim, begin scans for a sporocystian life form.  [Bridge] These remains could be responding to the Caretaker's mate. You're using the remains like a compass.  [Engineering] Keep us appraised. Janeway out. And if we are about to meet his mate, you'd like it to be on more even ground. Sounds like a sensible precaution. Get on it. Acknowledged. Mister Paris, set a course and engage at maximum warp. Slow to impulse and put it on screen. Are there any sporocystian life forms on board? All stop. Hail them, Mister Tuvok. Let's hear it. (An Ocampa man appears on the viewscreen.) We pose no threat to you. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway That's right. There appears to be an entire colony. And according to our sensors, the station is at least three hundred years old. Since you're definitely the only one on Voyager, I want you to act as an intermediary. The first step is to arrange a meeting. Let's see if we can get that far. Hail the array. (Tuvok obliges.) I have someone here who wishes to speak with you. (Janeway steps aside to reveal Kes.) Our readings indicated a sporocystian life form in this area. We've been looking for that life form for months. No, on the contrary. We believe it has the technology that could send us home. What? Mister Tanis, please try to understand. We only want to find the entity we've been looking for. Our sensors tell us she is somewhere in this region. Can you help us help us find her? Very well. (Janeway, Tuvok and the other Ocampa leave.) Sounds like you've established a dialogue with Tanis. It's an excellent beginning. Good work. Kes, is there something wrong? But since you're not a Vulcan, I'd say a mixture of the two emotions would be appropriate. It's an exciting moment, Kes, and I'm very happy for you. But just remember, we know very little about these Ocampa. Be cautious in your dealings with Tanis. Where does Suspiria live? On another array? Kes, you certainly don't have to decide something this important right now. Give it some thought. Mister Tanis says she's harmless. Very well. Proceed.  [Mess hall] (Empty except for Tanis and Kes, and a mug of drink on the table.) Of course. (Tanis quickly uses one of Tuvok's consoles.) We'll let you know when she makes her appearance. Acknowledged. Yellow alert. Janeway to Tanis. Will you please come to the Bridge? I believe we've made contact with Suspiria. Janeway to Torres. We're picking up some odd plasmatic readings down there. Can you confirm? Janeway to Torres. Commander, you have the Bridge.  [Mess hall] Tuvok? (She hears sobbing, and finds a little blonde girl sitting underneath a console, cradling the Caretaker's remains.) Who are you? I've been looking forward to meeting you. Because I had the opportunity to talk to your companion before he died. He told us that you were curious and went off to explore the galaxy. We're explorers too, but your friend brought us to this quadrant against our will, and we haven't been able to find a way back. We didn't kill him. I assure you No. I told you we didn't kill him. Please try to understand. We don't want to hurt you. We don't want to hurt anyone. We just want to get home. (Janeway puts down the gun.) Tuvok, release the forcefield. Do it. Yes, I would. (Suspiria transforms into her proper state and disappears through the ceiling.) [Mess hall] Can you track her position?
Yes, Commander. We've picked up an intriguing transmission. A ship? I'd like to believe that too, but let's not jump to conclusions. As of when? Your optimism may be premature, Mister Kim. But it's also infectious. Mister Paris, lay in a course for the beacon. Can you get any information from the beacon? Agreed. And I don't want to fly blindly into a hydrogen cloud, either. Mister Tuvok, tractor the probe into sensor range. Report. Source? Battle stations. Hail them, Mister Kim. Warp three, Mister Paris. Get us out of here. Initiate evasive pattern omega three. Mister Tuvok, return fire. See if you can close it, Commander. Try rotating the shield harmonics. How the hell can they do that? All hands, brace for impact. (The little vessel zooms straight for the place the bigger ship is shooting at. Big bang!) We are losing life support on deck four. Mister Tuvok.  Can you lock onto the module and beam it back?  Mister Chakotay, lock a tractor beam onto their ship. They're not leaving with that module. Make it fast, Commander. Suddenly they want to talk. On screen. I remember you, Culluh. That transporter module you just stole was specifically designed for our ship. You'll never be able to integrate it into your systems. Seska. Warp drive isn't going to do us much good with this knife stuck in our belly. Get it out fast. We don't want the Kazon to put too much distance between us. Let me make something very clear. The Nistrim are in possession of Federation technology. That is an unacceptable situation. That small component has the potential to cause vast problems in this quadrant. You're our resident expert on the Kazon. What do you think the other sects will do when they realise the Nistrim have transporter capabilities? Exactly. And it is our duty to do everything we can, no matter how dangerous, to stop that from happening. Commander. You think she wants more than the transporter. Are you suggesting we don't follow her? I'm open to suggestions. All stop. Let's take a look. On screen. What is it? Magnify. (Two Kazon bodies.) [Sickbay] It looks like Seska's already adapted the transporter module into the Kazon's systems and started experimenting with it. Relora?  Where's Chakotay? Janeway to Chakotay. Computer, locate Commander Chakotay.  What I want to know, Mister Tuvok, is how he was able to get a shuttlecraft off this ship without either of us knowing about it. I guess Seska's not the only one who knows how to compromise our security systems. See that it doesn't. Did Chakotay leave any clue about what he's up to? [Engineering] I guess he was in too big a hurry to leave a note. Then I guess it's pretty clear he's going after Seska. You were working with him, Lieutenant. Did he say anything to you? How big a head start does he have? Janeway to conn. Lay in a pursuit course for Commander Chakotay's shuttlecraft. Maximum impulse. And Mister Tuvok, I want a complete review of all security protocols on this ship by twenty two hundred hours.  Come in. That's not exactly my favourite subject right now, Lieutenant. Explain what? Why my First Officer publicly defied my authority by commandeering a shuttle without permission? But? What Seska did, she did to all of us. Frankly, I find it more than a little self-indulgent of Chakotay to assume this is all about him. I'm sure it was very painful for him. But what you're saying is, he's got a personal score to settle. Maybe. But that doesn't give him the privilege of ignoring this ship's chain of command. And, assuming we get him back in one piece, you want to make sure I take his personal feelings into account before I decide how to discipline him. Chakotay is lucky to have such a good friend. I'll tell you what. Why don't we deal with getting him back in one piece first? We can worry about the discipline later. All stop. On screen. My gut tells me we should go after Chakotay. But my better judgment tells me we should honour his request. Janeway to conn. Resume a course for Chakotay's shuttle. I didn't think Culluh had that many ships. What do you make of it, Neelix? Is it possible the Nistrim have formed an alliance with other sects? Then we'll just have to find a way of getting Chakotay out of there without picking a fight. How? How can you be so sure? Bridge to Torres. Have you located Chakotay? [Transporter room] I'm not conceding that yet. Can you give me anything, B'Elanna? [Transporter room]  Maybe Seska's found a way to hide Chakotay from us. [Transporter room] Can you get him out of there?  Red alert. Mister Paris, take us out of warp. [Kazon briefing room] (The Kazon ship also goes to red alert.)  Mister Paris, evasive pattern Delta four. Mister Tuvok, return fire. Bridge to Torres. Can you transport Chakotay? [Transporter room]  Do you have him, B'Elanna? [Transporter room]  We'll try to hold them off, but we don't have long. Mister Tuvok, phasers to maximum. Let's give them a little distraction. [Kazon briefing room] Mister Paris, evasive pattern omega two. Bridge to Torres. You're going to have to hurry it up down there. [Transporter room] JANEWAY Bridge to Torres. Can you transport Chakotay out or not? [Transporter room] Lieutenant, just how localised is that dampening field?  I think I've got an idea. [Kazon briefing room]  Just tell me one thing. What were you thinking? That may be a very noble sentiment, but it wasn't your decision to make. Oh, Chakotay. We've spent the last ten months together on this ship. I thought we had an understanding. Why did you choose to ignore procedure? So you had a personal score to settle. Really? Tell me this. How do you expect me to keep order when the First Officer takes it upon himself to run off like some cowboy because he decides it's a good idea? What you did was commendable. The way you did it was not. You set a terrible example. And on a personal level, you've made my job more difficult. I'm putting you on report, in case that means anything anymore. Go ahead, Mister Tuvok. On our way. [Bridge] Another one? Would you like Mister Kim to put it through to your office? Very well. Put it on screen.
We need this completely filled. We don't have time to haggle over price. Janeway to Voy (Janeway is shot in the neck.) Where am I? Thank you. You're very kind but I have I really can't I'm very grateful for everything you've done for me. My name is Kathryn Janeway. I am a starship Captain. It is very important that I contact my ship. It's not a story, it's a request. May I use your communications equipment? They can't have control of everything. Surely there's someone who has an illegal transmitter. Can you at least tell me what happened to the other people I was with on the street. My two friends. Did the Mokra take them? Where would they have been taken. A detention centre? All right. How do I get there? I appreciate your hospitality, but I can't stay here. I've got to get to that prison. You're very kind to offer, but I didn't mean we'd be going together. Keep who waiting? I see soldiers out there. What's happening? I don't want to cause trouble for you. I'll go as soon as it's dark. They're only looking for me. You don't have to get any more involved that you already are. I couldn't possibly take it. If you want to help, tell me about that prison. What kind of security do they have? Are there forcefields, detection grids, physical barriers? What about guards? Listen to me. I can't bring you to the prison with me. It's too dangerous. And that could get both of us killed. You have to stay here. Letters? To the prison? These are all to your wife? How long has it been? I'm very sorry. I have to go before the soldiers come. It's all right. She'll understand. I'm sorry, that's not possible. Is there another way out? I need him. If he's a member of the Resistance he may be able to help me contact my ship. (Caylem sees Augris.) They want a fight. Don't give them one. (sotto) Caylem! (Caylem starts acting the fool for the crowd, who laugh.) Then I'll have to find my crew members myself. I know two of them were arrested. What about Neelix? Good. What can you tell me about the prison. We need all the information we can get. I have to reach my crew. Enough. He's already saved me from the Mokra once, and he saved you from those soldiers today. I won't get killed if you tell me what you know. I'll need weapons. I don't have anything to trade. (Darod fingers the necklace.) I can't. Thank you. We will. Thank you. He's more than three hours late. We have to consider the possibility that he's been arrested. I don't believe it. You're not a coward. You were proud of her. A blue vest. He was wearing military boots, like the Mokra. It was a trap. It's not that simple. We can't just walk into the prison without weapons. (Janeway watches the pair of women walk past.) Maybe we'll have to try a different strategy. [Detention cell] (Tuvok is returned after his torture session.) Do you want me to leave? Then I won't. Nobody will see us back here. It's dark. Private. (She takes the guard out of sight of his companion, and Caylem knocks him out.) No, you're not coming with me. You did save me. Now I'm returning the favour. (The forcefield vanishes. Janeway steps through and it reactivates.) I promise I'll try to find your wife. Darod. I'm looking for my people. Don't move! What are you doing here? We've got to get you back to the ship. You're hurt. Follow this passageway until it dead ends, then you'll see a smaller passageway. There's one more person I have to find. Caylem! He was lying to you, Father. I'm all right. She's fine. She was so happy to get your letters. She wanted me to tell you something. She forgives you. We both do. I'm coming. Yes. Thank you, Mister Kim. I'm fine. (Kim leaves. Janeway picks up the necklace that Caylem gave her.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
This is a ship of exploration, Mister Tuvok. [Engineering] (Still black and white, from the object's viewpoint.) This is your show, Lieutenant. Whenever you're ready. The relays are holding. What about increasing the capacitance of the relays? Leaving the automated units to fend for themselves. I don't doubt your abilities, B'Elanna, but helping them reproduce is a clear violation of the Prime Directive. I'm not saying they don't have the same rights as any organic species. That's not the issue here. Maybe. I'd have to know more about the circumstances. But we're not talking about treating a disorder here, are we? Unlike a species whose become sterile, the robots never had the ability to reproduce. What you're talking about is giving them new abilities, which is the equivalent of altering their genetic structure. You can't call it a flaw. This is the way they were designed. Unfortunately extinction is often the natural end of evolution. We don't know that's going to happen. If they're adaptable, as you say, and capable of educating themselves, they might very well learn to build a power module themselves some day. I feel for the robot's plight, but what you are proposing is exactly the kind of tampering the Prime Directive prohibits. We know almost nothing about these creatures or the race that built them. What would be the consequences of increasing their population, both to their own civilisation and others in this quadrant? Who are we to swoop in, play God and then continue on our way without the slightest consideration of the long term effects of our actions? B'Elanna, I share your scientific curiosity and I admire your compassion, but the answer is no. [Engineering] Yellow alert. Slow to one quarter impulse. Put them on screen, Ensign Kim. Magnify. That's all right. Let them take a look. Open a channel. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. We rescued one of your crewmembers, unit 3947, and we'd like to return him to your ship. Bridge to Transporter room two. Janeway to Torres. (Tuvok leaves.) Override. Transport her back now, Mister Kim. Hail them. Open a channel on wideband subspace. This is Captain Janeway. Your abduction of our crewmember is a clear act of aggression. If you do not return her immediately, we will be forced to retaliate. Confirm that they've received the transmission, Mister Kim. Mister Tuvok, power the forward phaser banks. [Pralor vessel] (A metal workbench cum bed moves upright and Torres steps off.) Mister Tuvok, any luck penetrating their defence field? Commander, is there any sign that they're preparing to attack? Mister Tuvok, I don't want you to hit their ship, but I do want you to open a hole in their shielding wide enough to transport through. Mister Kim, match the targeting scanners to the coordinates of the phaser fire, and stand by to beam B'Elanna back. Fire. That's progress. Fire again. (Whumph! The Pralor vessel fires Caretaker-like energy pulses at Voyager.) Lieutenant Tuvok, load torpedo bays one through four and stand by to fire on my order. [Pralor vessel] (Torres and 3947 are watching the fight on a monitor.) Agreed. We'll try to come back for B'Elanna later. Do it, Mister Paris. Warp three. On screen. We'll be all right. What about you? Lieutenant. We're not sticking around that long. I want a plan to get B'Elanna off that ship before she has a chance to finish building the prototype. Agreed. Mister Kim, can you give me an estimate on repairing the dilithium matrix? Like twenty four hours too long. Dismissed. [Pralor vessel] Is that a viable option? They were able to knock out Voyager's shields in a matter of minutes. A shuttle would be even more vulnerable. I don't want to risk that a second time. In another twelve hours our warp engines will be back online. I'd like to come up with a diversion before then. Okay, gentlemen? [Pralor vessel] Good. What about our diversion. Any suggestions? I like it. But do we have enough power? Go ahead. We're on our way. [Pralor vessel] (Torres puts her new power module into a Unit.) Is it possible that we've stumbled into the middle of some kind of robotic war? Agreed. But first I want to show both those ships this isn't our fight. Ease us back on manoeuvring thrusters, Mister Paris, nice and steady. On screen. (It is a golden robot.) My name is Kathryn Janeway, Captain of the Federation Starship Voyager. I'm afraid I can't do that. One of my crewmembers is being held hostage aboard the Pralor vessel. I won't leave without her. The diversion we've been looking for. Mister Kim, what's the status of our warp engines? We may not have an hour. Get down to Engineering. Be ready to give me as much power as you can the minute we get Torres back. If those two ships keep each other busy we may not need warp to get away. Mister Paris, report to the shuttle bay. Chakotay, you have the con. [Pralor vessel] Acknowledged, Mister Paris. Bridge to Engineering. Standby warp engines. We'll engage the moment Mister Paris gets back. As far as I'm concerned, you did what you thought was necessary to ensure the safety of this crew. It must have been difficult. To destroy what you created. I read your report. It was no small achievement, B'Elanna. You gave that unit life. As I said, it must have been difficult.
Then you're saying it isn't a comet. Well, there's a slight chance that there are magnetodynamic forces acting on the comet that are too subtle for our sensors to detect. Or it might be something we've never encountered before. B'Elanna, go down to Transporter room two. Let's beam aboard a sample for examination. Harry, see if you can lock on to a core fragment.  Red alert. I'll be right down. [Transporter room] (Quinn zaps himself over to Torres and speaks into her comm. badge.) My name is Kathryn Janeway, Captain of the Federation Appreciation for what? You were being held against your will, inside the comet? Who was holding you prisoner? Look, I don't know what you want here, but I know who you are. Every captain in Starfleet has been briefed about your appearances on the Enterprise, and I warn you I'm aware of it, Lieutenant. Report to the Bridge. Janeway out. Bring them back. Now. Gone? Where? Return my crew! I'm afraid we're responsible for that. May I assume you're the Q I've heard so much about? What did you do to him? Report. On screen. Commander? Q, either Q, get us out of here. Mister Tuvok, see if you can release a positive ion charge to repel them. Oh, now what? Let's see it. Computer, I need a wider angle. (They are an ornament on a Christmas tree.) The hell you will. The vaunted Q Continuum. Self-anointed guardians of the universe. How dare you come aboard this ship and endanger this crew with your personal tug of war. Stop! You want asylum? Fine. We'll have a hearing. When the captain of a Starfleet vessel receives an official request for asylum, there is a clear procedure to follow. I suggest to end your deadlock, and to save my ship, that we follow it to the letter.  Let me begin by stating clearly that I expect all parties to act appropriately and with respect for these proceedings. I will not have this hearing turned into a circus, is that clear? Is that clear, Q? Thank you. And please don't call me Madam Captain. Since you've made it clear that your asylum would lead to suicide, you place me in a difficult position. May I ask you why you want to commit suicide? Proceed. Can you be more specific? I tend to agree with Mister Tuvok. Any other questions, Lieutenant? I'll allow the question. You're excused. (The second Q vanishes.) To what end? You want to bring people here from Earth? This is most unusual. Do you have any objection, Mister Tuvok? Very well. Proceed. (Q snaps his fingers and three men appear - a hippy, a man in a full-bottomed wig and a bearded Starfleet Commander.) My apologies, Commander. To you all. My name is Kathryn Janeway. That's correct, Commander. You're aboard Voyager. We're lost in the Delta Quadrant, and as much as I wish you could tell them that when you get home, your memories will be wiped before you get back. Allow me to try to explain, Mister? Consider for a moment that it might be possible to travel forward in time, say to the twenty fourth century, onto a starship seventy five thousand light years from Earth. (Blank looks.) You're having a very strange dream, and in this dream, you're seeing this man whom you've all met before. No, I'll allow this. (Quinn does the transporting.) [Inside the comet] (It is very cramped.) I've seen enough. Please return us to the hearing room. [Hearing room] I don't like those conditions any more than you do, Mister Tuvok, and I wouldn't want to spend another day there if I were you, Q, but I'm here to rule on a request for asylum, not to judge the penal system of the Q Continuum. And he does have a point. You were confined only to prevent you from doing harm to yourself. I've been doing a great deal of research, studying a variety of cultural attitudes on suicide, to help me frame the basis of a decision. Mister Tuvok, are you familiar with the double effect principle on assisted suicide that dates back to the Bolian Middle Ages? It states, an action that has the principal effect of relieving suffering may be ethically justified even though the same action has the secondary effect of possibly causing death. This principle is the only thing I can find that could possibly convince me to decide in your favour, Q. And yet, as I look at you, you don't seem by our standards, aged, infirm, or in any pain. Can you show this hearing that you suffer in any manner other than that caused by the conditions of your incarceration? Any suffering that would justify a decision to grant you asylum. Granted. [Mess hall] Come to the next session of the hearing and announce that the Continuum is ready to reintegrate Q into your society. That you won't condemn him to that cell for eternity. I would consider it a very meaningful gesture by the Continuum. Based on my research, you have been many things. A rude, interfering, inconsiderate, sadistic Pest. And, oh yes, you introduced us to the Borg, thank you very much. But one thing you have never been is a liar. Is this possible? I would agree with that. I'll be the judge of that. Whenever you're ready. (They both raise their hands.)  This is the Q Continuum? A road in a desert? Good afternoon. This was your existence before your confinement? Why? I can't say I entirely understand what I'm seeing here, but these people don't seem to be suffering. Very well. I'll make my ruling in the morning. We'll be in recess until then. [Janeway's quarters] (Janeway rolls over in bed to come nose to nose with Q wearing a night cap.) Get out. You mean your bribe. It'll play no part in my deliberations. That's what I wanted. What? You? Leave.  I've tried to find some way to reconcile all the conflicting emotions I've felt during this hearing. My own aversion to suicide, my compassion for your situation, Q. It hasn't been easy. I've tried to tell myself that this is not about suicide, but about granting asylum. That I am not personally being asked to perform euthanasia. And as technically true as that may be, I cannot escape the moral implications of my choices. I've also had to consider that a decision to grant asylum, and the subsequent suicide of a Q, might have a significant impact on the Continuum. That such a decision could change the nature of an entire society, whether it be a favourable or unfavourable change, disturbs me greatly. But then there are the rights of the individual in this matter. I don't believe that you are mentally unbalanced. And I do believe that you are suffering intolerably. Under these conditions, I find it impossible to support immortality forced on an individual by the state. The unforeseen disruption that may occur in the Continuum is not enough, in my opinion, to justify any additional suffering by this individual. So, I hereby grant you asylum. You've been in my chambers enough for one visit, sir. I'm not finished, Q. Now that you're mortal, you have a new existence to explore. An entirely new state of being filled with the mysteries of mortal life, pleasures you've never felt before. I like this life, Q. You might too. Think hard before you give it up. This hearing is adjourned. Captain's log, stardate 49301.2. We have assigned quarters to our new passenger, who has entered his name on our crew manifest as Quinn. I am anxious to engage him in ship activities as soon as possible. [Ready room] We could shut down Stellar Cartography with all the knowledge he'd bring to the job. There's got to be something on board that will Go ahead.  There's nothing you can do? So how did he get his hands on Nogatch hemlock? I imagine the Continuum won't be very happy with you, Q.
Report. Janeway to Engineering, what's your status? [Engineering] Good idea. Go ahead. Get repair crews on it. Mister Kim, I want a complete analysis of all the damage we've sustained. Come in. I'm sorry, Chakotay. I know you were friends. Will you arrange a memorial service? Was there something else? What do you mean? That's right. If you're suggesting we abandon our principles just because we're out of hailing range? Of course. Is there anything you have to say about that? I assure you, you can speak freely. I'm sure you realise that would be a violation of the Prime I appreciate your concerns, crewman, but let me make it absolutely clear. I'll destroy this ship before I turn any part of it over to the Kazon. So that's how the Maquis would do it, hmm? [Corridor] It's all right, Commander, I know Hogan's upset. He and Bendera were close. I think I've made my position clear on that. This isn't a democracy, Chakotay. I can't run this ship by consensus. I can't believe you'd support that man's position. Deck three. I haven't seen any evidence that they've let us down. Computer, hold turbolift. Commander, if you have a specific suggestion, please feel free to make it. With the Kazon? Nothing we've been through with the Kazon would lead me to believe they're trustworthy. I can't imagine making a deal with them. I've been in your quarters before. Right as usual. Thank you. Commander Chakotay has proposed that we make an alliance with one of the Kazon factions. We wouldn't give them weapons or technology, but we would pledge to support and defend them if they're attacked. How can I consider it? I can't just walk away from the precepts Starfleet has laid our for us. You don't deal with outlaws. You don't involve yourself in the political machinations of other cultures. It goes against everything I believe, everything I trained for, everything experience has taught me. Do I hear a however coming? Help me understand that. There are some differences here. By allying ourselves to one faction, we'd be giving that faction more power than the others. That would clearly affect the internal politics of all the Kazon. Once we're gone they'll probably go back to their in-fighting. Consequently, after much consideration, I've decided to seek an alliance with one of the Kazon factions. Ensign, I'll be glad to discuss my reasoning with you at a more appropriate time. However, this meeting is not to debate the decision but to decide how to pursue it. Yes, Mister Neelix. Good idea. Proceed, Mister Neelix. You can't have it both ways Commander. If you want to get in the mud with the Kazon you can't start complaining that you might get dirty. No, you've been through too much with her. Mister Neelix, prepare to take your shuttle to Sobras. In the meantime, I'll make contact with Seska. Dismissed. Captain's log, stardate 49337.4. After sending a subspace message to Seska and the Nistrim Maje Culluh, we have received a quick response. [Bridge] CULLUH Are you willing to meet with us? I suggest we rendezvous. We'll transmit coordinates to you. Fine. Transmit them to us. We want to make sure the Nistrim will also be an honourable ally. That you'll adhere to the conditions we establish. You can let all the Kazon factions know that Voyager has formed a coalition with you and will be an ally to any Nistrim ship or outpost we encounter. In addition, we're prepared to provide emergency supplies when needed. Food, medicine, clothing. An exchange? I can assure you that I would never agree to that. Culluh, I found the idea of an alliance with you distasteful. I was willing to explore the possibility, but now I see my instincts were dead on. This meeting is over. [Detention caves] All stop. We'll hold position here for two hours. If he hasn't shown up by then, we'll go to Sobras. [Engineering] All right, that's it. We're going after him. Mister Paris, set a course for Sobras, full impulse. Tuvok, arm the phaser banks and load the forward torpedo bays. We don't know what the Kazon have in store for us. What is it? On screen. Power all weapons systems and stand ready. Mister Kim, hail the lead ship. I look forward to it. [Mess hall] It strikes me that in many ways we're in the same predicament. Separated from the lives we knew, searching for a home. Why not? Holding another culture in virtual slavery isn't the kind of thing that could go unnoticed. The only thing the Kazon agree on now is that we are their common enemy. It's hard to imagine it getting much worse. I'd rather not be in the position of making an alliance at all, but that may be a luxury we simply don't have. My gut tells me we don't have any friends among the Kazon. As for the Trabe, I believe that people have a capacity to change. It's always been Starfleet's policy to deal with new species on a basis of openness and trust until proven otherwise. [Sickbay] Thank you, Doctor. How much longer do you need? Will you walk with me? I've been thinking about our conversation at dinner, about the things we share, and it seems to me we could be of mutual benefit to each other. What would you say to the possibility of our joining forces. My starship and your convoy. We could travel together for as long as it's advantageous to both of us. Maybe we'll find our way out of Kazon territory and you could settle on a new home world. Tell me. In order to achieve what? So someone wants to sabotage this conference. No. If I can help bring stability to this quadrant, I'm not going to walk away because of a rumour. Agreed. Commander, monitor all the Kazon vessels carefully, and look out for any suspicious ship movement near the surface. Keep us on a constant transporter lock so we can beam out at the first hint of trouble. Tuvok, Neelix, you're with me. [Conference room] This is Mabus, a governor of the Trabe. Shall we? We appreciate your coming. We hope this will lead to a new climate of peace. I understand. After decades of antagonism you're bound to be suspicious. But surely everyone here is tired of constant violence. I found the goals of the Trabe to be compatible with our own. I represent an organisation which is devoted to peaceful co-existence among people. The Trabe want nothing more than that. I won't pretend that our alliance wasn't an attempt to make a show of strength. Separately, we and the Trabe are vulnerable. Together, we are stronger. It is important that you understand our determination, but it's not a threat, it's an offer. A negotiated peace among all of us would provide a greater stability in this quadrant. How could that do anything but benefit us all? Get down! It's a trap! Take cover! (A small Trabe ship appears in the window.) Voyager, red alert! You planned this whole thing and used our good will to make sure you were successful. Or perhaps it's all you understand. I'm not grateful, and I want you off my ship. Chief, beam our former guest back to his vessel. I don't think so. Not by making deals with executioners. Energise. (Mabus is beamed out.) Janeway to Paris. Get us out of here. There's no question we're more vulnerable now than ever. We have to take every measure to make sure we're prepared for an attack. I want continual diagnostics on all ship's systems. Mister Neelix, what about our food supplies? Good. Lieutenant, what's the condition of our propulsion systems? There's just one more thing I want to say. I hope there's a lesson for all of us in this. Although some of the species we've encountered here have been peaceful, others seem governed only by their own self-interests. This appears to be a region of space that doesn't have many rules. But I believe we can learn something from the events that have unfolded. In a part of space where there are few rules, it's more important than ever that we hold fast to our own. In a region where shifting allegiances are commonplace we have to have something stable to rely on. And we do. The principles and ideals of the Federation. As far as I'm concerned, those are the best allies we could have. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
When you came to me a month ago and said you had a way to cross the transwarp threshold, I thought it was more of a fantasy than a theory. Congratulations to all of you. What's your flight plan? In the last couple of centuries, we've always managed to use new technologies wisely. I'm confident this time won't be any different. Besides, there's no way to put the genie back in the bottle. All we can do now is keep moving forward, carefully. Well, good luck, Mister Paris. If this works, you'll be joining an elite group of pilots. Orville Wright, Neil Armstrong, Zefram Cochrane and Tom Paris. I thought you might. [Paris' quarters] (Paris is relaxing in his dressing gown when the doorbell rings.) At ease, Mister Paris. I know it's late. No, thank you. I've just spoken to the Doctor, and it's his opinion that we let Ensign Kim make the test flight. He checked over your biometric readings from the shuttle simulations. He says you have a slight enzymatic imbalance in your cerebellum. I know it doesn't sound like much, but he can't predict what'll happen when you cross the threshold. He believes there's a small chance that you could suffer a brain haemorrhage under the subspace stress. Two percent. There's no reason to. Ensign Kim is capable of piloting the shuttle for this mission. What is the point, Mister Paris? Your flight? This isn't about personal redemption. We're talking about medical risk. Your life could be in danger, and we need you. You're sure about this? Good luck, Lieutenant. [Engineering] Acknowledged. Ensign Kim, depressurise the shuttle bay and open the space doors. Bridge to Shuttlecraft Cochrane. You're cleared for launch. Lieutenant, can you hear me? Tuvok, could the shuttle have been destroyed? We'll just have to keep searching our small corner. Run a multispectral sweep. I want to see if Janeway to Paris. Bridge to Transporter room two. Beam Mister Paris directly to Sickbay. Commander, bring the shuttle aboard. I'll be in Sickbay. Can you wake him? Are you all right, Tom? We tracked you until you crossed the threshold, then you disappeared from our sensors. Do you remember what happened? How did you get back to Voyager? Congratulations, Mister Paris. You've just made the history books. We'll download the logs. I'll let you know what we find. [Engineering]  Janeway to Kim. We're ready. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] It would appear that the theory of infinite velocity is correct. It may be possible to occupy every point in the universe simultaneously. It could do more than that. It could change the very nature of our existence. Think of it. There would be nothing beyond our reach. This telemetry is giving us an invaluable record of this sector. We can use it to make a star chart. Transfer the shuttle logs to Stellar Cartography for analysis. Does this have anything to do with the enzymatic imbalance you found? Can you stop it? What about his brain? Can I talk to him? I'll keep it in mind. [Sickbay] (Paris is still on the biobed, curled up. His fingers are starting to fuse together and skin is peeling off. His left eye is milky and his ears have gone.) You've looked better. How do you feel? Well, we're trying to put that experiment right. The Doctor's working on a way to restore your DNA to its original Excuse me? Lieutenant, you know that's not true. We're all concerned about you, Tom. We're here to help you. Take what away from you? That's a possibility. And then again, it could kill you. We need to find out what's going on. You're right, Doctor. I don't think there's anything I can do here. What you're going through would scare any of us, but you have to hang on, Tom. We're doing everything we can to help you. Get moving. [Engineering] (Paris looks more like a frog, trapped inside the whole body restraint Neelix had to live in when he had no lungs.)  Janeway to Bridge. Report.  I'm on my way to the Bridge. (The turbolift door opens, but Janeway hears breathing behind her. She draws her phaser and turns, but Mutant Paris leaps on her, and the shot goes wild. She falls back into the turbolift.) [Bridge] Thank you, Doctor. Excuse me. I've thought about having children, but I must say I never considered having them with you. What makes you think it was your idea? Sometimes it's the female of the species that initiates mating. But apology accepted, nonetheless. You may be interested to know I'm putting you in for a commendation. Regardless of the outcome, you did make the first transwarp flight. Is there something wrong, Lieutenant? You've broken more than one record, that's for sure. Oh? If I'm not mistaken, you've changed quite a few minds on this ship. You've earned a lot of people's respect and admiration. Somehow, I don't think they will be. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I've been looking over his Starfleet record. His training instructor recommended him as an Officers candidate. He turned it down to come with us. He has three sisters back home. (Torres enters.) Something wrong? As in? Maybe he had something personal against Cardassians? It seems clear where your investigation should begin, Lieutenant. [Tuvok's office] Did you get any of the answers you were after? I guess in his earlier life he always found ways to release those impulses, like volunteering for the Maquis. What do we do with him? The brig is the closest thing we have. But I don't think we can just leave him down in our dungeon for the rest of the trip. I agree. An execution? You're not seriously suggesting that we I don't. I prefer to rehabilitate him, not to end his life. We'll confine him to quarters. Work with Kim to install maximum security containment. If we don't get home soon, he'll be in that room a long time, Mister Tuvok. I think this is the best we can do under these circumstances. How is Suder since the mind meld? And you, Tuvok? Any adverse effects? Why don't you take a day or two off for meditation. Tuvok. Take care of yourself. [Mess hall] Computer, lift the security seal from Lieutenant Tuvok's quarters. (to guard) Wait here. [Tuvok's quarters] (The place has been smashed up. Tuvok is sitting in a corner in the dark.) Tuvok. Talk to me. We need to get you to Sickbay. The Doctor is fully versed in Vulcan medicine. Which means what? Can you help him? What does it involve? Tuvok, do you know where you are? You are not a violent offender, Tuvok. No part of me feels that way. Help me get him back on the bed. How many treatments do you think will be necessary? I'm just glad we have you back, Mister Tuvok. Don't worry about it. I've been insulted before. That means a great deal to me. Enough said. Get some rest. Tuvok. No more mind melds without my permission. Understood? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Any idea what happened to it? Duritanium? Transport some samples of the debris to Engineering for analysis. Any conclusions? Cardassian! Could Seska be responsible? So how do we stop this weapon before it causes any more damage? Lieutenant Paris can assist you with the navigational sensors. Keep me informed. Dismissed. This course is erratic. Are we sure we're following a single warp trail? What's wrong? My name is Kathryn Janeway, Captain of the Federation Starship Voyager. Our scans of your world suggest you have long range tracking abilities. Have you also been able to detect the missile on a parallel course off our starboard bow? You have the right to know, First Minister, that this missile is carrying a warhead with a significant destructive force that On the contrary. We want to help. First Minister, we're aware the Kazon have been telling that to people. They'd like to prevent us from making allies. But I assure you, you've been misled. The missile arrived here from our quadrant due to a very unusual accident. We haven't been able to determine yet why it chose Rakosa as it's target, but my Chief Engineer is preparing to disarm it before it reaches you. I could have maintained communication silence and not given you any warning at all. I'd do the same in your place. Janeway to Torres, how soon will you be ready [Transporter room] JANEWAY We're showing a shut down of all your engines. Can you confirm that? What about it's engine components? B'Elanna, you can begin the salvage operation first thing in the Yes, Lieutenant. Stay with it, Tom. [Bridge] Mister Paris, bring us within ten kilometres. Maintain a parallel position. Bridge to Torres. Your status? Mister Tuvok, let's take a shot at disabling its drive systems. Ready photons. Red alert. Voyager wasn't in service when she did it. We're equipped with type six photon torpedoes. They may just get through. Fire. (Two torpedoes light up Dreadnought's shields.) Let's hear it. You stand down your weapons and I'll stand down mine. Explain, Dreadnought. You've already identified Voyager as a Federation ship, Dreadnought. Your scanners must indicate this is not a Cardassian crew. Dreadnought, is there anyway we can prove to you you are actually in the Delta quadrant. That this is not a deception. What will it take to provoke Dreadnought into firing? Mister Tuvok, set your target. Ready photons. Fire. (Four photon torpedoes are used.) Initiate the tachyon beam. Report! Our engines will be back online in less than an hour, First Minister, then we'll try again. A few. A broken arm, a broken leg, fortunately that's all. First Minister, we've analysed your offensive capabilities, and they're no match for what you're facing. You must have realised that yourself. First Minister Our Chief Engineer is trying to return to the missile's control room. She's still our best chance at disarming it. There's no reason to send your fleet on a hopeless mission. Hail the lead ship. This is Captain Janeway on Voyager. I urge you to break off your attack. One of my crew members is aboard the missile. We're still attempting to disarm its weapons. Janeway to Torres. The Rakosan fleet is preparing to attack. Lieutenant. All right. We'll try to keep a transporter lock on you. Janeway out. Move us into weapons range, Mister Paris. Give them some cover fire. Red alert. We've got to draw more of the missile's fire. Make Voyager a more serious threat, Tuvok. (Phasers and torpedoes are fired. Boom!) Good. Move us out of range of the plasma wave. Janeway to Torres. The Rakosan ships have retreated. We have one hour and nine minutes [Dreadnought] JANEWAY Kellan, there are still forty one minutes for us to prevent this. I'm prepared to use this ship to detonate the warhead before the missile reaches you. Something like that. I'm not sure. To save two million lives? That's not a hard decision. I'm still hoping we'll have a chance to celebrate this new friendship together. [Dreadnought] Gentlemen, I believe our best chance at stopping Dreadnought now is to set off a large antimatter explosion directly in it's path. You'll be in charge of the evacuation, Commander. Captain's prerogative. Get the rest of the crew to the escape pods. I'll send the senior officers to join you in a few minutes. We don't have time to debate this, Chakotay. Computer, initiate the self-destruct sequence. Authorisation Janeway pi one one zero. Set it at twenty minutes. Voyager to Torres. I need to get you out of there. We're abandoning Voyager. I'm going to overload the [Dreadnought core] JANEWAY Can you get access to the core? Are you all right, B'Elanna? Janeway out. Mister Kim, transfer control to the conn. and report to your escape pod. That's a direct order to all of you. Mister Paris, I'm relieving you. Now! Understood. You too, Tuvok. Permission granted. [Dreadnought core] Increasing velocity. Preparing to adjust our heading to intercept. [Dreadnought core] JANEWAY This is your last chance to get back here, B'Elanna. I have to launch the last escape pods. [Dreadnought core] Beam her back, now. Hang on! (Janeway makes a sharp left turn as Dreadnought goes KaBOOM!) Computer, terminate self destruct sequence. Authorisation Janeway pi one one zero. Janeway to Torres. B'Elanna, are you Doctor, I forgot about you. Very good, Doctor. Janeway out. Mister Tuvok, prepare to retrieve our escape pods. Let's bring our crew home.
 Just how, exactly, did you hear that someone was leaving the ship? Janeway to Tuvok. Could you join us in my Ready room, please? Lieutenant, Mister Neelix has heard on good authority that one of our crew will be leaving the ship in a few days. Naturally, he's curious about the identity of this person. What are the security issues here? Lieutenant Paris has asked to be put off the ship. I'm sure you're aware that he's had some problems lately. All I can tell you is that when he was relieved of duty, he asked me to make arrangements for him to leave the ship. I tried to talk him out of it, but he was adamant. We detected the Talaxian convoy, and they were more than happy to get a pilot of Tom's ability. Of course. He's in his quarters. [Paris' quarters] (Paris is packing when the doorbell chimes.)  Lieutenant, Operations has detected a minute increase in the engine core temperature. Are you aware of it? Keep me posted. Mister Neelix, I'm very pleased with your programme, especially your tribute to Lieutenant Paris. I have several people in mind. Baytart is one. Hamilton. Harry, Lieutenant Paris made his decision with no indication that he had any doubts about it, or that he might change his mind in the near future. We have to accept that and move on. What's our tactical status? We're finished here. Dismissed.  The plasma burst irradiated the engine nacelles. The inner layer of the warp coils was burned away. Do you know any nearby source? Good work, Neelix. Put it on screen. What's happened? Do you have casualties? How can we help? Get him up here now. How did you trace those transmissions to Tom's quarters? What I'm about to say will come as a surprise to you, Commander. There has been a spy aboard Voyager, but it isn't Tom Paris. Some weeks ago, Tuvok discovered evidence of covert transmissions leaving Voyager through the EPS system. We realised there was someone on this ship communicating with the Kazon-Nistrim. We needed a way to flush out the spy, and we had exhausted all conventional means. That's when we thought of using Tom, finding a way to get him on the Kazon ship. Commander, the simple fact is, we needed a good performance. I'm afraid we used you to help Tom provide it. And you did a damn good job. Now it seems Mister Neelix's investigation has made someone nervous. Nervous enough to put a trail in the computer system for him to follow. The spy may be a little cosy now, since you took the bait and pointed the finger at Tom. But we don't want him cosy. I'd rather he feel some pressure. Exactly. I want you to keep investigating, Neelix. Do what you've been doing. Poke around, ask questions. But let people think you're not so sure you were right about Tom Paris. It's up to you, Neelix. This is purely voluntary.  Power to Transporter room two. Let me know as soon as you've done it. We have an incoming shuttle, and we've identified human life signs. [Engineering] JANEWAY Voyager to Paris. We hear you. [Kazon shuttle] We'll get you out of there as soon as we can, Tom. You're still out of transporter range, but we won't change course [Kazon shuttle] JANEWAY As soon as you're on board. Tom, what happened? Are you all right? [Kazon shuttle] JANEWAY  Mister Jonas, we need that transporter now. [Engineering] Noted. Janeway to Tuvok. Get to Engineering immediately. It's Michael Jonas. Voyager to Paris. [Kazon shuttle] JANEWAY  Transporter room two, do you have him? Return fire. Janeway to Tuvok. Are you in Engineering yet? Bridge to Transporter room two. Lock onto Mister Jonas in Engineering and beam him out of there. Evasive manoeuvres, Ensign. Mister Kim, get those weapons back online. (Neelix climbs the ladder and hits Jonas' knee with the wrench. They wrestle for it as a plasma conduit ruptures. The wrench falls into it. Jonas lunges for Neelix and gets thrown over into the green gas. Neelix reverses what Jonas has done.) Fire at will.
Open a channel. Commander Chakotay, notify the Doctor. Mister Kim, beam the woman to Sickbay. Are we anywhere near it? Assuming she survives, and we can take adequate security precautions, we'll turn her over to her people when we get there. Is there something wrong? I've noticed. I appreciate your bringing this to my attention, Commander, but I trust you to handle the problem any way you see fit. Chief Medical Officer's Log, supplemental. Test results indicate that the holographic body is functioning normally. The patient's synaptic patterns appear to be stable, so I'm now ready to begin transferring her cognitive and motor processes. [Sickbay] (The EMH touches the hologram's arm to wake her up.) Don't look at me, Mister Paris. Commander Chakotay has complete discretion in this matter. Mister Tuvok. Please escort Mister Paris to the brig. [Secret location]
We don't have time to try it. May plan is the only one that's going to work. It's time that we both accept that. [Engineering] Do you have any weapons? Captain, this comm. link might not last much longer. What's happening over there? No. We don't think they can detect our ship. Captain, we can have a security detachment cross the spatial rift and board your ship within five minutes. We can't just stand by and let you all be killed. I don't suppose there's any way I can change your mind. I know how stubborn you can be. We'll be waiting for them. I will. I will.
Do any of those rumours describe them as hostile? That's something. Deck four. My diplomacy professor used to say the opening twenty minutes of a first contact situation are the most crucial. Sometimes you have to go in blind. That's the exciting part. When I was a science officer I always envied the Captain's privilege of making first contact with new races. [Corridor] Energise. (Three figures in veils and drab clothes are beamed aboard.) I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway. I'd like to welcome you aboard the Federation Starship Voyager. It's very gracious of you to agree to meet with us. I'd be glad to tell you all about our journey and my crew. Perhaps you'd like to see more of our ship as well. Our warp core is designed to operate for up to three years before refuelling. I'm sorry my Chief Engineer isn't here to meet you. She's leading one of the away teams surveying the moons around Drayan. Not as an end in itself. The purpose of all this is to help up gain knowledge about the universe and the people in it. The Federation consists of over one hundred and fifty different worlds who have agreed to share their knowledge and resources in peaceful cooperation. This is First Prelate Alcia of Drayan Two. You may be even more interested to learn that this man isn't really a biological lifeform. He's a computer generated holographic projection. One of our greatest philosophers, Plato, wrote that what we see around us are only poor shadows of ideal objects which exist on a higher plane. Patch it through on a secure channel to the Doctor's office, Mister Kim. Our next step will be to open negotiations. Find out what they might be interested in getting from us in exchange for the polyferranide. Is there anything we can do to help? We'd been hoping to learn more about you. No. She made her wishes clear. If we're not welcome, we'll go. Recall the scouting parties. We'll have to find our polyferranide somewhere else. [Drayan moon] When was your last contact with the other team? We can't reach them. Can you find the shuttle's ion signature? Set a course, Mister Paris. (Later, they join a Drayan ship in orbit.) Are you sure our signal's getting through. Continue hails. I'm sorry, I don't understand. We've only come here to look for one of our shuttles. It's missing. There were two men on board. Did you find both of them? That's what we intend to do. There's no one at fault here. The shuttle crash was an accident. What's the status of the transporters? No, that would only make things worse. Have you found the shuttle? Then we've got to start considering other options. I want a full analysis of the atmospheric conditions, and your best suggestion of how to get a shuttle to the surface. Then let's hope we don't need to try it. [Shuttle] We read you, Tuvok. Are you all right? We know. we've been trying to get you off the surface but we're having some trouble with the Drayans. They insist on sending their own search parties. Why? Tuvok, what happened to the other children? Scan Tuvok's shuttle for damage. Will he be able to get himself out of there? Hail the Drayan ship. First Prelate. It's come to my attention that you have a damaged ship on the surface as well, and there may be survivors. I'd like to offer our help in finding them. Perhaps a joint rescue operation? Our sensor readings indicate the people on the surface may be in trouble. I'm sure you must be as concerned for their safety as we are. Then I regret to inform you I'll be taking a shuttle to the surface without your permission. I believe it's necessary. First Prelate, it's not my intention to provoke a conflict. I'll be glad to, as soon as every member of my crew is safely back on board this ship. Janeway out. Lieutenant, you're with me. Mister Kim, I need your report. I know the risks, Commander, but if there's any hope left for a diplomatic solution, I've got to be down there to see it through. [Shuttlecraft] All propulsion systems are nominal. I think we've got all the basics. Computer, initial cold launch sequence. Definitely not recommended, but sometimes necessary. Janeway to Bridge. Depressurise the shuttle bay and open the space doors. Can we out run them? We're on their home turf. They have every advantage. That may be reason enough for them not to fire on us. Raise shields to maximum and stand ready to power the weapons. [Shuttle] They haven't powered their weapons systems. Maybe they're still willing to talk. Sensors are clearing up. I'm reading Tuvok's shuttle. He's trying to lift off but it looks like there's some trouble with the thrusters, and there's a large Drayan search party approaching his location. [Shuttle] Don't fire. We might be able to transport Tuvok from here. There's still too much interference. Tuvok, we're on our way to the surface. We'll intercept you in a few moments. Go back down to the surface. We'll follow you.  [Drayan moon] I regret it's come to this. This child wants to live. We're going to do whatever we can to help her. Why was it so important that Tressa stay here? I hope you can accept my sincere apologies for disturbing your traditions. I would hate to let that ruin any possibility of friendship between our people.
Mister Paris, take us in a little closer. Mister Kim, scan the surface. How long ago? Caused by a solar flare that radically changed the weather patterns. What was the estimated population? Let's hear it. Mister Kim, wouldn't your scans have picked up suppressed metabolic activity? Can you detect a malfunction in their systems? Something to explain why they didn't wake up on schedule? Are there any automated security systems? We triggered a Do Not Disturb sign. I don't want to set off anything worse. It is. Prepare to beam them to Cargo Bay one. Mister Kim, you're with me. Janeway to Kes. Report to Cargo Bay one. Bring your medical gear. Our messenger. (She cleans one that contains a corpse.) Did the system break down? Active? What do you mean? Could it be generating an artificial environment of some sort? Years ago, Starfleet used a technology to assist deep space travel that kept the body in stasis, but provided a mental landscape to keep the mind active and alert. So what went wrong? Why are they still in there? [Briefing room] So they should have known years ago that the biosphere had recovered. Doctor. Neither do I. [Cargo Bay 1] (Kim and Torres get into the now-vacant pods.) We've tapped into the system's recall subroutine programme. I'll give you five minutes to look around, then I'm bringing you back. Consider this a test run. They're connecting to the system. [Fantasy land] What's taking them so long? The recall subroutine is functioning. The window opened for them on schedule. All right. I'm going to try to bring them out with our backup systems. What happened? Someone's activated the recall subroutine. At least we'll finally get the answers to a few questions. [Briefing room] Well, let's start with the obvious question. If they're demanding to exist, can we find a way to let them exist in this artificial world of theirs? Doctor, is there a way to speed up resuscitation? Then it seems to me our first order of business should be to reduce the number of hostages. All we have to do now is decide how to negotiate with an emotion. With a manifestation of fear. The ability to recognise danger, to fight it or run away from it, that's what fear gives us. But when fear holds you hostage, how do you make it let go? I think something a little more responsive to the Clown's demand. B'Elanna, maybe you can come up with a way to modify the system, so it can run without bio-neural interaction. Good question. We have to come up with a safer method of communication. [Fantasy land] Well, I'm sorry I don't live up to his expectations. What's your opinion of him, Doctor? I agree, and I can't allow that to happen. We're going to have to mount some kind of rescue mission. (Later, Torres enters.) Doctor, if we do simply disconnect the hostages How much damage? Could you possibly repair it? If we can't remove the hostages from the environment, then we might be able to remove the environment from the hostages. And you're going to continue to provide him with distractions, Doctor. B'Elanna, how long will it take to block these pathways? You'll only have a few minutes at best. Once Fear knows what we're up to, it will be a race against time to save the lives of those hostages. [Fantasy land] (The Clown is sulking.) Good. Let's get started. [Fantasy land] More than halfway there, B'Elanna. What is it? Restore the entire programme. We've lost. [Fantasy land] I don't. Have I misjudged him somehow? Is there another way to reach him? Isn't there more to fear than a simple demand to exist? Why do people enjoy dangerous sports or holodeck adventures with the safety off? Why, after all these centuries, do children still ride on roller coasters? But what does fear seek at the end of the ride? [Fantasy land] Did he accept? Perfect. Good work, Doctor. I don't think that'll be necessary, but you could help with the preparations at this end. Janeway out. Initiate the recall subroutine and prepare to begin resuscitation. Kes, give me a hand getting hooked up to all this. [Fantasy land] (The characters are cleaning everything.) The arrangement was that the others would be released. I've known fear. It's a very healthy thing most of the time. You warn us of danger, remind us of our limits, protect us from carelessness. I've learned to trust fear. Let them go. That won't be necessary, Mister Kim, but thank you. (Kim and the two surviving Kohls disappear.) As I understand it, it takes a few minutes before you become aware of my thoughts. Is that true? And then what happens? Would you be honest with me? You really want this to end as much as I do, don't you? I'm not Captain Janeway. I'm afraid I did. I'm nothing more than a holographic image of Captain Janeway, sent here by the same technique they used to send their Doctor. I've been programmed to respond to you as Kathryn Janeway would. She is on the system, yes, but not in stasis. Captain Janeway and her crew modified the pods so that she could be connected to the system without having to enter this environment. The goal was to let you sense her brain activity without putting her in actual jeopardy. You will be able to confirm what I'm telling you as soon as you become aware of her thoughts. (The hostages get out of the pods.) You know as well as I do that fear only exists for one purpose. To be conquered. Did she? Or was a part of you actually hoping to be defeated? Isn't that why you allowed Captain Janeway to come here? Because you sensed she had the power to subdue you. (It is getting dark.) Starfleet captains don't easily succumb to fear. Like all fear, you eventually vanish. I know.
 Are Neelix and Tuvok back from the surface? And you recognise all of us? What's the last thing you remember? Torres said you were having trouble with the molecular imaging scanners. Maybe this alien plant life affected the scanners in some way. Get on it. (Kim leaves.) In the meantime, I'll send an away team in a shuttlecraft to collect fresh samples of the orchid for further study. Doctor, let me know as soon as you have something more. How are you feeling? I'm glad to hear it. To tell you the truth, we could use a little help in the Mess hall. Tactical? Tuvix? Well, Mister Tuvix, I'm not ready to assign you to the Bridge just yet, but why don't you join the senior staff for our noon briefing, and we'll see how it goes from there. As a matter of fact, Neelix has told me that occasionally. And if you really do possess his memories, you'd know that flattery will get you nowhere. [Briefing room] What about the problem with the molecular imaging scanners? And the orchids, Kes. Have you found anything unusual about them? There's never been an accident like this recorded in the entire history of transporter technology. I'm not willing to accept it as a random malfunction. I beg your pardon? Symbiogenesis is a rare reproductive process. Instead of pollination or mating, symbiogenetic organisms merge with a second species. It's an interesting idea. But we're talking about microcellular organisms here. I've never heard of symbiogenesis occurring in a species as complex as a humanoid. Like an Andorian amoeba. It's the best theory I've heard so far. It's the only theory I've heard so far, and it's worth investigating. Mister Paris, take a shuttle to the planet and collect additional flower specimens. Very well. You'll depart at six hundred hours. (Paris leaves.) Good work, Mister Tuvix. [Corridor] You're here bright and early, Lieutenant. And how's it going? A hunch? Well, he's certainly fitting in, isn't he? I'll inform the rest of the crew. [Kes's quarters] (Kes is meditating in front of two large candles when the doorbell rings.) Kes. Actually, I was having trouble sleeping. I could use some company. Would you like some hot tea? Please, sit down. I was just looking over some old letters Tuvok sent me when he was temporarily assigned to Jupiter Station. Most people would say his writing is cold, analytical, detached, but I've always found it to be concise, efficient, thoughtful. I hear his voice when I read the words. And Neelix. I'd become so fond of him, Kes. I can't imagine what you're going through. Oh? Well, I suppose I can see how that's possible, given the circumstances. Do you have feelings for him too, Kes? I know how you feel. You're experiencing what people on this crew have been going through since we first got stranded in this quadrant. Do we accept that we're separated from our loved ones forever, or do we hold onto the hope that someday we'll be with them again? Oh, I struggle with it every day. Sometimes I'm full of hope and optimism. Other times. Then I dream about being with Mark and it's so real. Then when I wake up and realise it's just a dream, I'm terribly discouraged. In those moments, it's impossible to deny just how far away he really is. And I know that someday I may have to accept that he's not part of my life anymore. I would never tell you or anyone else to give up hope, Kes. I think the best thing you can do now is give yourself time. My door is always open to you, Kes. Captain's log, stardate 49678.4. It's been two weeks since the transporter accident that created Mister Tuvix, and while it's still not entirely clear that he's with us permanently, he's certainly been doing his best to settle in. The crew seems to be growing accustomed to his presence, and he's proving to be a very able tactical officer who isn't afraid to express his opinions. While he's forging relationships with many of the officers, he seems to be keeping a respectful distance from Kes, allowing her to adjust to the circumstances on her own terms. As for my relationship with Tuvix, I've found him to be an able advisor who skillfully uses humour to make his points. And although I feel a bit guilty saying it, his cooking is better than Neelix's. My taste buds are definitely happy to have him around. [Kim's quarters] (Clarinet practice.)  It's funny. If we'd had the ability to separate Tuvok and Neelix the moment Tuvix came aboard, I wouldn't have hesitated. But now, in the past few weeks, he's begun to make a life for himself on this ship. He's taken on responsibilities, made friends. So at what point, did he become an individual and not a transporter accident? (doorbell) Come in. (Tuvix enters.) Yes, Mister Tuvix. Please, sit down. Will you excuse us, Commander? (Chakotay leaves.) We've just been discussing the unfortunate predicament that we're all facing, and I thought it was important to get your perspective before making a decision. I am the Captain of this ship. Aren't there two other lives to consider here? What about Tuvok and Neelix? Two voices that we can't hear right now. As Captain, I must be their voice, and I believe they would want to live. It's not the same and I think you'd agree with me. They have families, friends, people who love them and miss them and want them back, just as I do. Aren't you arguing for an execution too? Of Tuvok and Neelix. And I have an opportunity to bring them back. Then you know Tuvok was a man who would gladly give his life to save another. And I believe the same was true of Neelix.  Come in. He shouldn't have put you in the middle of this. Mister Tuvix, I'd like to speak to you alone. I have. Please come with me, Mister Tuvix. I'm ordering you to come with me. Security to the Bridge. Let him go. Commander Chakotay, advise the Doctor we're on our way to Sickbay. [Turbolift]  Deck five. [Sickbay] (Janeway and the security guards escort Tuvix in. Kim and Kes are waiting with the EMH.) Very well, Doctor. Please step aside. (Janeway goes to Kim, who is holding a hypospray.) I assume this is the radioisotope. (Kim gives it to her.) Please sit down on this biobed. (Tuvix sits. Janeway looks straight into his eyes and administers the hypo. Then she goes to the medical transporter console.) Locking surgical targeting scanners onto the isotope probe. Initiating separation sequence. Energising. (As Tuvix is beamed away, two figures are beamed in, both wearing command gold uniforms.) Mister Tuvok. Mister Neelix. It's good to have you back. (We stay with Janeway as she goes out into the corridor and pauses a moment before walking away.)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
You've brought us out of stasis. I assume you have news. [Doctor's office]  We're fine. How long were we in stasis? [Doctor's office]  We'll take it under advisement, Doctor. Thank you for your efforts. Janeway out. What do you think? Agreed. I just want to make sure we're not overlooking a possible alternative. Janeway to Tuvok. You must be aware of the Doctor's report. I'm turning over command of the ship to you on a permanent [Ready room] JANEWAY  And regardless of the Doctor's suggestion, you are not to make contact with the Vidiians. [Ready room]  I'll prepare a message for the crew. [Briefing room]  I'll contact you before the day is over. Janeway out. We may have to be here for a while. Petri dishes, protein analyzer, DNA sequencers. Everything I need for my research is here. It may take a while but yes I do. If I can find a specimen of the insect that infected us, I can begin analysing protein cofactors. That might give us the information we need to find out what it is in this environment that's keeping us from being sick and how to replicate it. (Chakotay takes a shelter piece from the module.) I guess it depends whether you're in a beige mood or a grey mood. Like polka dots? I like that. I've always looked better in beige. Actually, it might be kind of interesting, roughing it for a while. We don't have a bathtub. I love a bath. It's my favourite way of relaxing. You know, Chakotay, it occurs to me, we aren't exactly in a command structure anymore. Maybe you should call me Kathryn. Just the same ones as yesterday, and they don't seem to carry the pathogen that's infected us. Where have you been? For the past two days, you've been spending a lot of time in the woods. Is something going on I should know about? Not yet? What's that supposed to mean? Don't I even get hints? Building. What could you be building? And why can't you tell me? Janeway here. We're doing quite well. I'd like to speak to the crew now. This is Kathryn Janeway. I've never liked saying good bye, so I'll make this brief, but I want you all to know that serving as your captain has been the most extraordinary experience of my life. [Voyager] JANEWAY  Janeway out. Chakotay, are you there? I was thinking. Maybe looking for protein cofactors is the wrong approach. Even if I can't find a specimen of the insect that infected us, I could try to learn something about the bio-molecular evolution of this planet's ecosystem. [Shelter] (Chakotay is making a sand painting.) Chakotay! Someone's in the woods! (He grabs a phaser and flashlight, and runs outside.) Over there. It looks like some kind of primate. Hello. Are you hungry? Is that why you came here? I'm Kathryn, he's Chakotay. We've had to move into your neighbourhood, but I hope we can be friends. (The primate climbs a tree.) Maybe he'll come back. No. Looking for a clue about primate physiology on this planet. They must have to contend with insect bites too. (She realises she is only wearing a bath towel.)  Maybe we should be out looking for other primates. I might be missing something important. Yes? I'm not sure what you're getting at. You mean quit, give up? There may be a day when I'll come to that, Chakotay, but, I'm a long way from it right now. I need to keep looking. Acting Captain's log, supplemental. After six weeks, the decision to leave Captain Janeway and the First Officer behind still seems to weigh heavily on the crew. [Bridge] I'm going to check the insect traps in beta four. What are you up to now? Headboards? That's very thoughtful of you, Chakotay. You've done so many things to make our lives easier here. The cooking, for example. I hate to cook. Sometimes it feels as though you've given up, that you're focused on making a home here instead of finding a cure that will let us leave. Someday I may have to let go. But not today, okay? I've tried a new glucose bait in the traps. I have a feeling this might be the day I make a breakthrough. [Woods] (She hears a rustle nearby.) Hello? Chakotay? (The trap has caught something. She transfers it to a specimen jar, then hears the primate call.) Hello again. Well, you certainly cover a lot of territory. Or are you following me? Do you understand me? (The primate is pointing at the sky.) There. Know what that is? That little insect just might be what gets me out of your backyard. What do you think of that, huh? (Storm clouds gather quickly.) What is it? What's happened to the sky? If you're suggesting I should get out of here, I agree. (Janeway has to fight against the gales to get back. She keeps falling. Chakotay comes to find her.) No. I couldn't keep my balance and carry the case. What's happening? Oh, no! [Outside the shelter] (The storm has passed, leaving broken branches strewn over the roof.) None of this is salvageable either. There's no way I can continue to do my research. Well, that's one way of letting go. Captain's log, Stardate 49694.2. We have contacted the Vidiian convoy with encouraging results. They have promised to communicate with Doctor Denara Pel and ask if she will help us. [Bridge] How would you mill it? As in log cabin? When I was young, my parents took us on backpacking trips. They thought we should all keep a connection to our pioneer roots. I hated it. No bed, no replicator. No bathtub. I guess I was always a child of the twenty fourth century. Oh, no. Life here is much better than that. Well, hello there. I haven't seen you in a while. Where have you been? Not really. I just sense intelligence in him, and I could swear he came to warn me about the plasma storm. Come here, fellow. Come on. Well, we have plenty of time. The rest of our lives. Well, I can't give you orders anymore but I suggest we get back to work. I guess I'm not used to that kind of work. My knots are getting knots. Oh, that feels good. That's much better. Thank you. Well, I'm going to go to bed now. I'll see you in the morning. Yes. You too. [Bridge] We have to talk about this. I think we need to define some parameters about us. Is that really an ancient legend? Very nicely. We should have vine-ripened Talaxian tomatoes in a couple of months, unless this planet has the equivalent of tomato bugs. Oh, they're awful. I grew up around farmers. My parents insisted we learn some basic gardening skills. Of course. Who wanted to muck around in the dirt when you could be studying quantum mechanics? But I find it very satisfying now, watching the seeds sprout and grow. Well, you've come to the right person. I always have an opinion. A boat! We could go on a camping trip. Well, that's all right. I'll have the river. (Static is heard.) Do you hear that? This is Janeway. What is it? There you are. At least I get to say good bye. Feel free to use the house. Janeway to Voyager. Two to beam up. [Bridge] The Doctor tells me you contacted the Vidiians after all. If I didn't know you better, I'd say your decision was almost emotional. Thank you all. Well, we've lost time with all this. Let's see if we can make some of it up. Mister Paris, warp eight. Commander, we'll need to review the ship's systems. I'll handle propulsion, environmental and communication. You'll be responsible for sensors, weapons and transporters. Check with phaser maintenance. See if they solved that problem with the pre-fire chamber temperature.
Are there ships in the vicinity? Take us out of warp. Open a channel. She knows you, Chakotay. She knew how you'd react when you saw your son in danger. And I'd never consider letting you go into a Kazon-Nistrim stronghold by yourself. If we do this, we do it together. That's something else Seska would know, too. Do I think Seska is capable of manipulating you and me with this? Oh, yes. And knowing Culluh, I'm sure his pride was wounded when he realised the child wasn't his. It makes sense, Chakotay. It might all be true. I'm not going to resume our course just yet. I want you to think about it, Chakotay. This has to be your decision. If you choose to go after him, I know I speak for the entire crew, Starfleet and Maquis alike, when I say we'll stand behind you. [Chakotay's quarters] (Chakotay goes on a vision quest.) Well, it's nice to know we have friends in the area. Thank you, Neelix. Agreed. But I want more from Tactical, Lieutenant. I want to anticipate a trap, and I want a few tricks up our sleeves if we need them. That's a good start, Harry. It should distract them for a while. But what else can we do if we're eventually intercepted by a superior force? Please, Doctor, your suggestions on any subject are always welcome. Okay, so we can't fool them for long, but maybe it'll be long enough. It's an advantage, and we'll need every advantage we can get on this mission. Work with the Doctor on it, B'Elanna. Mister Kim. Cut power to all systems to minimum requirements. I don't want to show up on any Kazon long range scanners. Mister Paris, locate the warp signature from Culluh's ship and set a course to follow, warp two. Dismissed. Slow to impulse. Set an intercept course, Mister Paris. Have they indicated the nature of the distress? Let's go to Red alert. On screen. Janeway to Sickbay. Prepare to receive an emergency transport. Commander. Mister Tuvok, you have the Bridge. Remain at Red alert. Mister Paris, adjust our course to avoid the defence net. Red alert. Configuration of the ship, Mister Tuvok. Return fire. Begin repairs, Mister Kim. Any other sign of Kazon ships, Lieutenant? Good. We can use them. Stand down Red alert. Thank you, Lieutenant. Maintain current course. I haven't forgotten, Mister Tuvok. Very well. This seems as good a time as any. [Suder's quarters] Mister Suder. Nothing, thank you. Lieutenant Tuvok has been telling me about your progress. I'd like to know more about it, Mister Suder. What exactly would be involved? And you feel you could experiment on our airponic crops here, in your quarters? What sort of chemicals and equipment? It's an interesting proposition, Mister Suder. Let me discuss it with Kes and Lieutenant Tuvok, and I'll get back to you. Good. Let me give it some thought. Mister Tuvok has assured me I understand, Mister Suder. Excuse me. Captain's log, supplemental. None of the four Kazon attacks have caused serious damage, but the starboard ventral has been hit each time, complicating repairs on the secondary command processors. [Sickbay] Increase speed to one half impulse. Keep our port forequarter facing the line of attack, Mister Paris. Don't let them see our starboard ventral. Continuous fire, starboard phasers. Mister Kim. I don't know, but it feels like we're being pecked to death by ducks. I agree. It's time to re-examine our game plan. Mister Paris, reverse course.  How many do you count, Mister Tuvok? Time to intercept. You're right, it is curious. Too curious for me. I don't know what's down that avenue of escape, Mister Tuvok, but I like to choose my own way. Set a course to intercept their lead ship. Battle stations. Time to intercept. Mister Kim. Send in the cavalry. That only leaves four for us to handle. Janeway to Torres. [Engineering] Hold your fire, Mister Tuvok. They may have torpedoes to waste. We don't. Take us out of warp. Power to all weapon systems. Stand by phasers. Not yet. Not yet. Now. (Voyager starts firing as it flies past.) Janeway to Torres. Initiate holo-programmes. [Engineering] Ready photons. Take us about, Mister Paris. We want a good angle on that fourth ship. Fire photon number one. Full starboard roll, evasive manoeuvres lambda sequence. Fire. (Three direct hits, and the Kazon ship goes KaBOOM. Teirna peels off his left big toe nail, then pulls a tiny needle from it) Come about to one four three mark zero six zero. Ready photons, dispersal pattern sierra. Fire. (Teirna sticks the needle into himself, and screams as he explodes. The fireball blasts a hole through to Suder's quarters next door and barrels along the corridor.)  B'Elanna, are you all right? [Engineering] Engineering, I need warp power. [Engineering] Chakotay, take the conn. Good luck, Lieutenant. (Paris leaves. A short time later a little vessel skims the side of a Kazon ship and gets shot at.) Give him as much cover fire as you can, Tuvok. Report. Begin evacuation. Janeway to Computer. Initiate self-destruct sequence. Authorisation, Janeway pi one one zero. Set at ten minutes. Hold your fire. I want to speak to Maje Culluh. Culluh, I'd like to discuss what happens now. (Culluh hits Janeway.) Allow my crew to live. They were following my orders. All right. Let's go. We've got to find water and shelter. (They head off into the rocky scrubland.) We'll divide the crew into teams. Each of you will be a team leader. Make it clear to all your people that we expect to be rescued and our job is to survive until help arrives. You're the morale officer, Neelix. You give me an answer. It's very important that this crew be given a sense of hope. That's our most important job right now. Our top priority is drinking water. Second is shelter to spend the night. Food, fuel. Look for all the basic survival requirements. We'll reconvene here in about two hours. Chakotay, Torres, you're with me. Alpha team here. The planet seems to be seismically active. Comparable to Earth several million years ago. (Voyager's engines start up. A large creature looks out from its cave.) All right people, follow me. Let's take it slow. This is the most defensible location we've seen so far. The overhang should provide us with shelter, and the breeze should keep insects away. All right, let's make camp. [Outside tunnel entrance] (Meanwhile, Neelix's team is foraging. Hogan is by a hole in the rocks that has a skeleton lying in front of it.) Stop it. There's no time to worry about blame. Hogan was a fine officer and a good man. And our job is to make sure his death is the last one for a long time! I will not let this planet destroy my crew. Kes, see to it that everyone knows the tunnels are off-limits. I want clear safety protocols established. Mister Tuvok, we need weapons. What's our food and water status? Do it. Then tell the crew to start turning over rocks. (She does so and finds some worms.) If anyone balks at eating these, tell them it's an order from their captain. They may be the difference between life and death. [Sickbay]  Huddle together in groups. That'll preserve body heat. This is no time to be shy. Tuvok. (Kim and Torres enter carrying ostrich-sized eggs.) Take them to Neelix and tell him to hold off on the beetle stew, at least for the time being. How's she doing, Samantha? Maybe she's just adjusting to the environment. After all, she was born in space. Make sure you stay close to the fire, as soon as we have one. Don't be so hard on yourself. None of the others have had any success with it either. Must be the wood. What? We can't wait until morning to go after them. Take as many crew members as you need. [Planet surface] (Morning. Neelix and Kes are sitting in the middle of a circle of squatting locals dressed in skins. One moves forward and strokes Kes' hair. Another pushes him away and beats his chest like a gorilla.) Let me get her some water. [Outside camp]  The baby needs water. Chakotay's team should have been back by now. We'd better look for them before it gets too hot. Get a few people together. I'll join you in a second. [Tunnel] (The natives start a brush fire to smoke them out.) He may have had no other choice. Who are the fastest runners here? Anyone else here who can run? Okay. You three will be the sprint team. Once you reach our camp, you should be safe. [Tunnel] Pull this. [Cave] (A crewman slips on the ledge and hangs by his fingertips above the serpent. It stirs as they pull him back up.)  Chakotay! Tuvok! [Cave] KIM  Move. Let's go. Go! Go! Go, go! [Tunnel]  Come on, come on. Go! I don't like the sound of that, Lieutenant. We may have to coexist with these aliens a long time. I think our top priority has just been dictated. Break camp. We've got to get out of here before it blows. [Sickbay] (Seska enters with two guards.)  This way. (The tribe are also on the move. A female calls out and another turns and screams. The first female is trapped by lava on a rock. Chakotay goes down to help her.) Well done, Lieutenant.  Mister Kim, is this ship capable of sustained flight? Good. Take us away from our new home and set a course for the old one, Mister Paris. Warp eight. Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
We're working on that. We aren't allowed near the area where the accident occurred, but Kim and Torres are scanning the sanctuary from Voyager. They'll report their findings to you. And I have an appointment to talk to the magistrate. I'm hoping he'll be able to cut through some of the restrictions the monks have set up. The Nechani must have records, some kind of scientific data on this energy field. Go down to the planet and see what you can find. Then perhaps I could talk with the brothers. There is no loss at this point. Kes is still alive. Surely there's some way to treat her? Can't you insist that the monks meet with me? Then can you tell me what you do know about the sanctuary and what happens there? You mean the monks can enter it without being harmed. What happens in that ritual? How does it offer protection against the energy field? The energy field that Kes encountered, is there anyone who could give me scientific information that would help us analyse it. If you're telling me that there's nothing you can do to help Kes, I simply won't accept that. Have Kim and Torres given you a report? As I understand it, the Nechani monks are able to enter the field without being harmed at all. No, they wouldn't. (Neelix enters Sickbay and goes to Kes' bedside.) Maybe it's enough. [Bridge] It suggests that there's still a chance for Kes. The Captain of a starship is fully responsible for every member of her crew. And on that basis, I'd like to go through the ritual myself. [Chakotay's office] I haven't heard from the Magistrate yet, but he seemed to think there was a strong possibility the monks would let me go through the ritual. If you're asking if I expect to speak to the Ancestral Spirits, no, of course not. But something happens to the monks when they go through the ritual. Something that allows them to withstand the effects of the biogenic field. I want to find out what that is. It might provide clues to a treatment. That's what I'm guessing. The shamans of the Karis tribe on Delios Seven practice a ritual that increases the electrical resistance of their skin. It protects them from plasma discharges in their sacred caves. Something similar must happen during this ritual. I've been reviewing the Federation's cultural database. Most traditional spirit quest ceremonies involve some kind of physical challenge or test of endurance to prove the mastery of spirit over body. My instinct tells me this one will be similar. A series of ordeals that will result in biochemical changes. To each his own, Commander, but I imagine if we scratch deep enough we'd find a scientific basis for most religious doctrines. Under other circumstances I'd be more than happy to go along with their choice. Right now, it's killing one of my crew. Janeway here. Put it through to Chakotay's office. Then they've approved my request. Thank you. I appreciate your efforts. Thank you both. (She goes to the platform. Tuvok offers her a phaser.) I don't think that will be necessary. This is strictly an information gathering mission. I don't want to appear hostile. Energise. [Sanctuary] (Monks walk past, ignoring Janeway. Nearby, a woman is working on a blinking light in an alcove. Janeway takes out her tricorder and starts scanning.) No, not really. I suppose I could look at it. It's called a tricorder. It's a scanning device. Oh, I'd didn't mean for you to keep it. I'll need that back. You're my guide. Why didn't you say something earlier? Would it be breaking any vows of secrecy now to tell me what this ritual will involve? Haven't you been through this before? Yes. Yes. I hope that won't be a problem. They've always served me well. I'm Kathryn Janeway. Is this where the ritual begins? What exactly are you waiting for? How long have you been sitting here? Are you telling me I have to wait a lifetime before I can go through the ritual? I'm just trying to understand how this works. The monks I saw in the sanctuary were young. They couldn't have waited such a long time to go through their rituals. This is a test of some kind, isn't it. To prove my determination. Has anyone ever tried to open this door? I don't want to wait. I have a friend who's depending on me. I have to go through the ritual. I mean no disrespect, but unless there's something I'm supposed to accomplish here, I'd like to continue with the ritual. I'm not sure how to begin. I'll do whatever you ask of me. No. I'm sure there's spiritual significance behind the challenges involved. I don't have any idea what to expect. I've studied a number of ritualistic societies and many of the rites have commonalities. This one may be completely different. I'm willing to do whatever is necessary. I'm going to make every effort to do that. But I didn't come here for personal enlightenment. I'm trying to save a member of my crew. I see a stone. I still see a stone. (Later, it is finger-painting.) I guess you're not going to tell me what I'm supposed to draw. I've never been able to draw. My sister was the artist in the family. It's true. When other children were outside playing games I was doing mathematics problems. I've always found that satisfying. I'm not sure. I'm exhausted. Oh, thank you. (The guide gives her a cup of water.) What is that? (Something hisses in a basket.) Gatekeepers? Then I'm ready to enter the spirit realm? Yes, I do. No, I'm not quitting. (Janeway puts her hand through the slit in the top of the basket, and gets bitten. She pulls her hand out with a cry. There are three large puncture wounds on the inside of her elbow.) Oh, it's burning. Oh, my chest, very tight. (Janeway faints, and remembers what she has been through so far.) I'm dying. What is this? An hallucination? I see. If there are other beings here, could I see them myself? That would be helpful. I don't want to be disrespectful. I've gone through every part of the ritual that I've been asked to. I know. I just want to bring this to completion, to make my request. I cite the story of King Nevad as precedent. In the same way he pleaded for his son, I ask that Kes be restored to health. How long? I'd like to know. I guess the physical conditioning programmes on the holodeck didn't quite prepare me for this. I think so. I was told that I had what I needed to save Kes. Thank you. [Sickbay] When can you begin treating Kes? Then let's get started. What is it, Doctor? Do you have any other options? You meant what you said, didn't you? Everything I went through was meaningless. I did everything you asked of me. You led me to believe that would allow me to help Kes. It's true that I came here with certain expectations. Are you saying that you simply fulfilled my expectations? I'm not ready to give up. If there's still a way to save Kes I want to try. I don't know what I'm seeking. There is no real ritual after all. I've always been driven to succeed. Well, I'm here now and I'm asking for your help. I want to understand the purpose of waiting in this room. That's what I'm supposed to do. Talk to the Ancestral Spirits. Are you? I know it's an important part of your religion to trust the spirits without question, but I wasn't brought up that way. It's hard for me to accept. There's a difference between respecting the spiritual beliefs of other cultures and embracing them myself. No, she didn't. The Doctor couldn't explain it. We haven't found the reason yet. Yes, that's what I've always believed. All right. If you're saying that science won't help Kes, what will? I'm willing to do whatever's necessary. It would do what, exactly. The ritual I went through is meaningless, and Kes has done nothing to prepare herself. How could either of us be ready to go through the field? You know I won't stand by and watch Kes die if there's anything I can do to save her. I want to believe it's possible. I'm going to try. [Corridor] JANEWAY Yes, I have. I'm taking her back into the biogenic field. I believe it will save her life. I can't explain it to you. I know what I'm doing. No. Yes, he can. Neither do I. That's the challenge. (Janeway takes Kes in her arms and walks up the steps. She pauses at the top then steps forward into the energy field. It flares around them then vanishes, and Kes wakes.) Kes. [Doctor's office] (Janeway sits and listens to the EMH's technobabble explanation.) It's a perfectly sound explanation, Doctor. Very scientific. (Janeway leaves Sickbay.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
It may not be fixed on this end, nut if it's shown up in the same location more than once, it's possible its exit point is constant, and it's wagging around the Delta Quadrant like the tail on a dog. All stop. Mister Kim, initiate continuous neutrino scans. Mister Tuvok, scan the planets in this system for life signs. Maybe there's someone around here who can give us some helpful information. What is? What kind of evidence? I appreciate your enthusiasm, Ensign, but before we indulge in too much speculation, let's see if we can back up your assumptions with some facts. Commander Chakotay, I want you and Lieutenant Paris to go down that planet and have a look around. Launch a high resolution reconnaissance probe to gather information about the local population's dress and appearance. In the meantime, Ensign, why don't you and Lieutenant Torres get started on a phase profile of this elusive wormhole's neutrino emissions. Let's see if we can confirm that it leads to the Alpha Quadrant. Captain's log, stardate 50074.5. Based on information provided by the probe, we have replicated local attire for Commander Chakotay and Lieutenant Paris. They have gone to the surface to investigate. [Temple square] (Local attire is blue cotton shirt and trousers, with a brown waistcoat. Chakotay uses his tricorder near a fruit stall then walks back to Paris.) Sort of like using a magnet to move a compass needle. The question is, how do we polarise the instability? We've been looking into that. Mister Tuvok. Well, I certainly don't intend to leave them here to continue exploiting an innocent society. How are you two coming with getting the wormhole back here and reopened? Well, if we can get the wormhole here, we'll be taking two additional passengers with us. We'll turn them over to Ferengi authorities when we get there. The Federation did host the negotiations. And if it weren't for those negotiations, the Ferengi wouldn't be here. So one could say, without being unreasonable I think, that the Federation is partially responsible for what's happened, and therefore duty bound to correct the situation. Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. It's a long story, but suffice it to say we've been stranded here for the past two years. We're on our way back to the Alpha Quadrant and we're taking you with us. Show them, Mister Tuvok. One way or another, you're coming with us. What about your interference? You've taken these people's religion and manipulated it for your own selfish purposes, pretending to be their Sages. Don't be ridiculous. Mister Tuvok, transport them back to the surface. What if the gods didn't just disappear suddenly and inexplicably? What if they left voluntarily, gracefully? Exactly. What motivates a Ferengi? Or less profitable to stay. We have to out-Ferengi the Ferengi. [Vault]  Stand by to initiate the photon burst, Mister Kim. Keep working on it. In the meantime, we'll just have to rely on their ingenuity to get themselves out of there if trouble arises. [Temple square]  Report to the Bridge as soon as everything is in order. We'll be entering the wormhole in approximately seven minutes. [Transporter Room]  Shield status, Mister Tuvok. Mister Paris, engage manoeuvring thrusters and ease us into position. Seal that air lock, Mister Tuvok. (The ship shudders.) Lock a tractor beam onto that shuttle. On screen. Beam those men back now, Mister Kim.  Follow them in before that wormhole collapses, Mister Paris. Mister Tuvok, divert auxiliary power to the thrusters. Mister Kim, reinitiate the verteron field. Maybe we can attract the wormhole back. Options? (Long pause.) Mister Paris, reset a course for the Alpha Quadrant. Warp six.
Janeway to Tuvok. Please report to the bridge. Mister Neelix, I'd like you to join us as well.
 Anything? On screen. I'm only in a mood for good news today, Ambassador. Are you saying they're dead? Then where are they? I assure you, Ambassador, my people had nothing to do with this attack. If it will help confirm our innocence, I'll consider it. But first I want to know where my people are being held, and I want to talk to them immediately. If you want my co-operation, Ambassador, you're going to have to do better than that. Mister Tuvok, raise shields. Mister Chakotay, take the conn. I'd like to resolve this situation peacefully, Ambassador, but let me clarify my position. I will not allow this ship to be boarded. That's not going to help us get Tom and Harry back. We need to regroup. Get us out of here, Commander. I guess they're more interested in getting rid of us than finding out the truth. B'Elanna. Tuvok is right. Let's concentrate on proving Harry and Tom's innocence. We know the explosive was trilithium based. If we find the source of that trilithium, it may lead us to the real bombers. Review our sensor logs of ships entering and leaving Akritirian space during the time we were in orbit. If anybody's using paralithium for fuel, I want to find out who they are and where they went. [Akritirian prison] (By the chute. Kim is wrapping bits of wire around the metal pipe.) Open a channel. This is Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager to the captain of the Akritirian cargo vessel. (A young man and woman appear on the viewscreen. The man speaks.) Two of my crew members were convicted by the Akritirians of a terrorist bombing. We're trying to prove their innocence, and we have reason to believe a ship like yours, which uses paralithium for fuel, might have been involved in the production of the explosives. Then you won't mind if a few of my crew members come aboard to have a look around. There's no need to be abrupt. (Transmission ends.) Mister Tuvok, send a security detail to Transporter room two. Lieutenant Torres, beam the two of them aboard and tractor their ship into the shuttle bay. My people have been accused of aiding a terrorist group called Open Sky. What do you know about them? Sounds to me like your young friend here sympathises with these patriots. I don't know much about your world, but I do know that my people are being held for a crime they didn't commit and I'm going to do everything in my power to get them out. Do you understand that? Escort them to the brig. And have Mister Chakotay lay in a course for the Akritirian border. I admire your desire to protect your sister but, it's not really up to me, is it? Tell me what? I'm sorry. That's not how we do things where I come from. Mister Tuvok, see that they get a bath and a hot meal. [Zio's hovel] We've captured the ship and crew responsible for the bombing at the Laktivia canteen. I'm prepared to trade them for the immediate and unconditional release of Lieutenant Paris and Ensign Kim. Are you saying those convictions can't be reversed? No matter what new evidence is brought to light? That is an outrageous policy. Bring Vel to my ready room. Now. [Ready room]  I want the location and shield codes of the maximum security detention facility. No, as a matter of fact. But I suspect you will. Because if you don't, you and your sister are going to spend the rest of your lives in prison. I don't think you understand the way this works. You tell me what I want to know, and after I get my people back, I let you and your sister go. Mister Tuvok, inform the Akritirians that we're ready to turn the prisoners over. That's exactly why the rescue team won't be aboard Voyager. If I'm not mistaken, Mister Neelix's ship is still in our shuttle bay. Then we'll have to be very careful, won't we? [Akritirian prison] (Pit and Kim are fighting over an unconscious Paris.) Do it! Now! Where's Tom? I agree. Excellent piloting. What exactly was the effect?
That was wonderful. What a lovely piece of music. I love music. I've always regretted that I never learnt to play an instrument. I'd like it very much. I'm sure I could find time for a few lessons. (Janeway takes the instrument and runs her fingers over the dome, producing a tune. She doesn't know that Jor Brel is holding his hand out flat just behind her back. Suddenly, Janeway gasps and stops.) I'm all right. I didn't realise you were offering to share it so directly. The sensation was a little overwhelming. You intended to give me a gift, and it was wonderful. I remembered lessons, and hours of practice. Were those all your experiences? Remarkable. (Over by the counter, Chakotay has picked up a pair of small metal balls from a bowl.) My experience with the Enaran's telepathy seems to be very different from yours. Jor Brel was standing near me when I received his memories. Where there any Enarans near you when you had your dreams? You've also been asleep or unconscious every time. The shared memories feel like vivid dreams to you. Can you prevent further damage? I'm giving you the next two days off duty. Use them to rest. I'll speak with Brel and find out what's happening to you. We're not suggesting otherwise. We're only trying to find out how this is happening. And according to our doctor, they're memories. We appreciate your help, Jor Brel. Well fortunately those effects are under control now. The doctor was able to suppress the memories. B'Elanna. The Enarans haven't shown any hint of subterfuge, any hidden agenda. They've been nothing but straight forward and honest. You're in no immediate danger, and they'll be gone in another day. The situation will resolve itself. I wonder how long it's been since I did anything that surprised you? I want to talk to more of the Enarans, see what they have to say. You've done enough already, B'Elanna. I want you to get some rest. You need to get away from this. We'll take it from here. Captain's log, stardate 50211.4. We're approaching Enara and preparing to host a farewell party for our guests. They've made every effort to help us understand their telepathic abilities, but it's still a mystery why they've affected Lieutenant Torres so strongly. [B'Elanna's dream - Bedroom] (Torres takes off her inhibitor and lies down on her bed. Almost immediately, she is Korenna, sitting at her dressing table.) Lieutenant. I think it's time we all understood what's been happening here. I'm going to talk to the Doctor. I want to see you in my Ready room in one hour. [Ready room] I might have done exactly the same thing. I believe that the memories you experienced were real. You tried that today, They didn't want to listen. Whatever the Enarans have done, it's not our place to bring them to justice. If they've chosen to conceal part of their history from their own descendants, that's their decision, whether we approve of it or not. We simply have no right to get involved. I've gotten a full report from the Doctor. He specifically looked for evidence to support your accusations. He didn't find any. We have no basis for a murder investigation. I've released her body to the Enarans. I've cancelled our trade negotiations as well as shore leave. We'll leave orbit as soon as the Enarans are off the ship. B'Elanna, I believe the Enaran engineers are collecting the last of their equipment right now. If there's anything more you'd like to say to any of them?
Do you know why they attacked you? Tuvok, send a message on all subspace bands. I want to find out why my people were attacked. I'll ask Neelix if he knows anything about these people. Doctor, keep me posted. I'd guess it's a language so unlike ours that the universal translator can't interpret it. Harry, remodulate the translator, see if we can decipher those sounds. Neelix, what can you tell us? I'm not going to tell this crew we're adding another fifteen months to this journey. We'll have to find another option. Precisely. No, it wouldn't. We're a long way from starfleet, Lieutenant. I'm not about to waste 15 months because we've run into a bunch of bullies. Go ahead, Doctor. Very good, Doctor. Keep me informed. All right, I want a plan for crossing that border as quickly and as quietly as possible. We'll reconvene in an hour. Dismissed.  [Sickbay] We knew the Doctor was never designed to be up and running as much as he has been, but I thought you programmed safety buffers so his circuits wouldn't degrade? In other words, he'd forget everything that's happened to him over the past two years. Doctor, how do you feel about that? If a crewmember came down with a debilitating illness you'd do everything in your power to make them well again. I think we owe you nothing less. Let's hear it. Not bad. Good work. Helm, set a course for the border. We're approaching the border. We need your help in engineering. All set Mister Kim? Bridge to Engineering. B'Elanna, are you ready to reconfigure the shields  [Engineering] JANEWAY On screen. Magnify. All right, let's get through that sensor net. Harry, go. How about those ships? All right, let's get through this as fast as we can. Mister Paris, what's your recommendation? Mister Tuvok, keep your eye on those ships. If they so much as twitch I want to know it. What do you mean? Bridge to Engineering. B'Elanna, can you compensate  [Engineering] JANEWAY Keep me posted. Hold our present speed, Mister Paris.  [Holodeck - Jupiter Station] What's the status of those ships, Mister Tuvok? When I was in high school I snuck out of the house a couple of times late at night. Had to tiptoe past my parents bedroom. That's kind of how I feel right now. I'll have to leave that to your imagination, Lieutenant. Drop out of warp. Put it on screen. Any life signs? Transporter room one, beam the survivor to sickbay. Harry, start scanning that ship. See if you can figure out what happened to it. Can I talk to him? I'm Kathryn Janeway, the Captain of this ship. Can you hear me? Can you tell me what happened? Who attacked you? Did they use neuro-electric weapons? Had you provoked them in any way? I'm sorry, you're the only survivor. This woman is trying to regenerate your motor neurons. I'll make a point of it. I agree, but I can't spare B'Elanna now. We have to get through this space before we're attacked like his ship was. As soon as it's possible I'll break her free. The only thing I can think of is to keep his neural pathways active. Ask him questions, keep him thinking, force him to use his neural matrix. It might at least slow down the degradation. The pilot of the freighter died. We should keep going. Mister Paris, warp Hail them. Harry, how are you coming with the universal translator? Let's see if they might be able to understand us. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. We only want to proceed peacefully through this region of space. Could be, but what they're trying to communicate is another question. Any progress, Harry? Report. So it scanned us, sent out a polaron burst that caused no damage and then took off. That means if anyone wanted to find us it's a lot easier now. Do what you can, Tom. We have a head start, we might be able to outrun them. Bridge to Engineering. How are you coming with the warp  [Engineering] JANEWAY Do the best you can. Janeway out.  [Engineering] Battle stations. Do you have any idea what kind of weapon systems they use? Arm all phaser banks. Kes, what is it? I'm sorry Kes, but we're in the middle of something here and I need every hand at their posts. All right, that's enough. Tuvok, give them a phaser sweep with the forward array. Don't destroy any of them, just let them know we're not going to sit here like ducks. What was that? Harry, start analysing those interferometric pulses. See if there's any pattern, any code to them. We might be able to find a weakness. All right, here's what we're going to do. Turn those pulses right back on them. Tuvok, lock phasers on their nearest ship. If we can destroy one of them, there's every chance the interferometric pulse that links them together will cause a chain reaction. Harry, modulate our shields to an inverse harmonic of the pulse. That should allow the phasers to hit the ship. Tuvok! Harry! Do it! Good work every one. Now let's get out of here.  [Sickbay]
Come in! (Tuvok enters and catches the only ball Janeway has managed to hit with her racket.) Oh. Sorry, Tuvok. I was just practicing my serve. Tennis. After nineteen years I've decided to take it up again. I'm a little rusty. I played in a novice tournament on the holodeck. I lost my first match in straight sets. You play tennis. Not as simple as when I played on the High School tennis team. What can I do for you, Tuvok? Report. Analysis. Magnify. Hail them. Get us out of here. Return fire. On screen. Why are you firing at us? I'm going to need some more information before I allow you to Captain, I simply I won't sacrifice this crew based on a ten second conversation. I need proof. Adjust our deflector to match the frequency of his weapon. Try to overload his emitter. Re-establish helm control. Status. The rift must have originated here. Hail Starfleet Command. Let's hear it. (A cacophony of radio stations and telephone conversations.) The question isn't where we are, it's when we are. Mister Kim. Maintain a high orbit. And modulate the shields to scatter their radar. We don't want to alarm the natives. It could be our friend from the twenty ninth century. Localise it. We've got to go down there. If it is Captain Braxton, he's the key to all this, and at the moment his ship is the only way we have of getting back to our own century. Chakotay, Tuvok, Paris, you're with me. Mister Kim, you have the bridge. As I recall, Tom, you're something of an aficionado on twentieth century America. What will we need to pass as locals in this era? The subspace readings are coming from within a one hundred metre radius of our position, but I can't pinpoint the source. We have no idea what kind of technology they might have in the future. Maybe it's cloaked. Let's spread out. Tuvok, Paris, go check the shoreline. Chakotay and I will search the boardwalk. Right place, wrong time. But it is good to be back, nevertheless. I don't know what my relatives were doing this far back in history. For all I know, she could be my great, great, great, great grandmother. Have you ever been to southern California, Chakotay? After the Hermosa quake in 2047 this entire region sank under two hundred metres of water. It became one of the world's largest coral reefs, home to thousands of different marine species. (A punk couple walk past.) The readings are coming from over there. Ten metres. There. (A down-and-out is scavenging in the bins outside the Hot Dog Stick.) There's no doubt about it. The subspace readings are coming from him. [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] (A room decorated with B movie posters, moon landing photos and Sci-Fi figurines. The young lady has her feet up on her desk when her computer screen starts beeping.) He appears to live on the street. That pushcart seems to contain all his belongings. Janeway here. [Bridge] We've been detected. Transport Paris and Tuvok to those co-ordinates. Transmit those coordinates to Mister Tuvok's tricorder. He and Tom will have to get there using more conventional means. Do what you have to do. Find out who sent that message and get more information. Have we been detected, how many people know about us? We cannot risk contaminating the timeline. It's all right, we don't want your stuff. We just want to ask you a few questions. Captain Braxton? Captain, what's happened to you? The last time we saw you Captain, how long have you been here in the twentieth century? Captain, we want to help you, but you've got to give us more information. You said that Voyager causes the explosion. How do you know all this? What evidence do you have that it will be your timeship that causes the disaster? (Braxton rummages for a piece of brown paper.) So it really wasn't Voyager after all. Why not? Leads to C. Yes, we heard you. Why shouldn't we try to stop Starling? We'll have to worry about him later. Right now, we've got to find Starling. [Chronowerx - Starling's office] (Starling is making a phone call.) Our Mister Starling has built himself quite a corporate empire. Looks like he's got wealth, celebrity and an ego to match. (She sits at Starling's computer. It asks for a password. She taps at the keyboard with one finger.) Turn of the millennium technology wasn't a required course at the Academy. This is like stone knives and bearskins. Maybe we can find something in his computer. Oh, he's got a massive database here, but it's protected by an encryption sequence. I'm going to try interfacing my tricorder. Let's see what Henry's been up to all these years. [Rain's Camper van] (Paris is driving.) Incredible. Starling's computer designs were inspired by technology from the timeship. He introduced the very first isograted circuit in 1969, two years after Braxton's ship crash-landed. Are you thinking what I'm thinking, Chakotay? The computer age of the late twentieth century But it did, and it's part a of our history. All because of that timeship. Look at this. Gantry, power conduits, telemetry consoles. This looks like a design for a launching bay. We've got to send these schematics to Voyager for analysis. Janeway to Voyager. KIM [OC] Kim here, Captain. We're in Starling's office. I want you to establish a comm. link with my tricorder and try to upload his computer database. Acknowledged. Let's see if we can find out where the location of that launch pad is. I'm a quick study. Time travel. Ever since my first day in the job as a Starfleet Captain I swore I'm never let myself get caught in one of these godforsaken paradoxes. The future is the past, the past is the future. It all gives me a headache. Maybe it's linked to some kind of surveillance system. An image of the launch bay would give us a clue to it's location. (It turns the world map on the wall into a window. They look down at the Aeon in the launch bay, then the lights are turned on.) Mister Starling, you're about to cause a terrible disaster that will affect the twenty ninth century. An explosion that will cost billions of lives. We're here to stop you from doing that. Well, let's just say we talked to the ship's previous owner. He told us that if it's temporal matrix isn't precisely calibrated, you'll trigger a temporal explosion. That ship shouldn't be here. It belongs to another century. We have to take it back. (Beep.) It's a communication device. Someone's trying to contact me. Janeway here. [Bridge] If you don't give us that ship, we'll take it by force. Not for long. I've got a starship in orbit that can vaporise this entire building in the blink of an eye. If necessary. Helm, maintain present altitude. Keep us within transporter range. Chakotay, see if you can disable the forcefield around that timeship. B'Elanna, prepare to lock onto the timeship and beam it to cargo bay two. Ensign Kim, you have an impeccable sense of timing. Not bad for your first day in the big chair. [Chronowerx - Starling's office] Starling is using twenty ninth century technology against us. We may not be able to keep up with him. Disengage transporters. Get us back into orbit and I want a full damage report. This is Janeway. [Chronowerx - Starling's Office] Is his programme offline? Unfortunately the Doctor is only one of our problems. Our weapons are offline, Tuvok and Paris are still missing somewhere in Los Angeles, and we've confirmed Captain Braxton's hypothesis. If Starling does attempt a flight to the future, it will most likely end in disaster. I want that timeship. If we can't get to the ship, maybe we can get to the man. Torres, I want Mister Tuvok, report. That's quite all right, Mister Tuvok. What's happened? [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] Oh, we've met Mister Starling. He has the timeship and he's the one who will cause the disaster in the twenty ninth century. [Griffith Observatory - Rain's Laboratory] Tell me about this young woman. Can we trust her? [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] Ask if she'd be willing to help us. [Chronowerx - Starling's office] (Starling enters, goes to his computer and activates the EMH.) Janeway to transporter room one. Lock directly onto the shuttle's pattern buffers and energise. Chakotay, we're taking over from here. Mister Kim, let's go. [Shuttlecraft] He's got what looks like a tricorder. It's putting out some kind of interference signal. Janeway to sickbay. Medical emergency in Transporter room one. Tuvok, we've got Starling, but we've lost contact with Chakotay and Torres. Their shuttle went down over Arizona. Mister Kim is transmitting the co-ordinates to your tricorder. I want [Rain's Camper van] JANEWAY Can you bring him out of it? Welcome to the twenty fourth century. I took the precaution of removing your tricorder. That's what it's called, by the way. It works perfectly. You just don't know how to use it. That's all over now. I've won, so disable the forcefield around Chronowerx. I want that timeship. On the contrary. The thought has crossed my mind. You'd destroy an entire city? You don't care about the future, you don't care about the present. Does anything matter to you, Mister Starling? It doesn't look like that. To get more technology. That's why you're launching the timeship. And the future is just waiting to be exploited. Using technology you never should have had. If you even attempt to travel to the future, you risk creating a temporal explosion that could cost billions of lives, including your own. In my time, Mister Starling, no human being would dream of endangering the future to gain advantage in the present. Computer, reactivate forcefield. Chronowerx' stock is about to crash. [Cellar] Good. Get to them as soon as you can. What? He's got some kind of satellite in orbit. Where's Starling now? Status report, Tom. Thank you, Miss Robinson. I'll keep that in mind. Tom, we've scanned the area. There appears to be a small landing field about ten kilometres ahead of you. [Arizona - Rain's Camper van] Stay on him. [Bridge] Our weapons are still offline and Torres hasn't finished repairing the shuttle. It might all be up to you. [Arizona - Rain's Camper van] Track his course. Janeway to shuttlecraft, return to Voyager immediately. Phasers are still offline. I've armed the photon torpedoes but we still can't fire them. The launch activation sequencers aren't responding. There's no time. Take the bridge, Mister Kim. Should be second nature to you by now. Open the access port to torpedo bay one. I'm going in there to reconfigure for manual launch. You have your orders. [Shuttlecraft] Good. I'm nearly there. Go to warp. We can't loose him now. [Bridge] Janeway to Bridge. I've reconfigured for manual launch. [Bridge] JANEWAY Lock on target. [Bridge] There'll be plenty of time for that, Doctor. [Bridge] Is there a chance in hell we can reopen that rift? Let's see it. On screen. Captain Braxton. You tried to destroy our ship in the twenty fourth century and the next time we saw you, you were an old man, homeless, in 1996. Captain, we've been trying to get home to Earth for the last two years. Can you return us to our century but keep us here, in the Alpha Quadrant? Mister Paris, follow him in. Cheers. To the future. How long will you be out and about, Doctor. One step at a time, Doctor.
Lieutenant, take us into range. A little closer, Tom. Mister Kim. Shields up. Move us away. I'm impressed. [Sickbay] Do you know who was chasing you? I regret that we weren't able to save your husband as well. Not at all. We'll reach Ilari in less than two days. I'll be very pleased to meet him. [Holodeck - Paxau Resort] (B'Elanna arrives in a swimsuit.) I'm sure he does. Our message made it very clear that you had both completely recovered. (Kes enters.) Beam our guest aboard. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway (Kes phasers the new arrival and the transporter operator. Janeway pins her against the wall.) [Bridge] Emergency in Transporter room oh! (Adin knocks Janeway out.) How could Kes be involved? I'm not prepared to accept that yet. Examine the body of the man who died. We need more information about how the transfer works if we want to get Kes back. You may be considering force, but my only intention is to rescue Kes and remove Tieran's consciousness. That should suit both our interests. Go ahead. On my way. Let's hope we can put an end to this right now. [Bridge] Lock onto those patterns and beam them back to Voyager. Your brother? I assumed he'd been killed. There are always alternatives to war. Before you send in your fleet I suggest we hear from the Doctor and consider the possibility of removing Tieran from Kes safely. [Sickbay] Not if you want my help. Kes is still a member of this crew, under my protection. Then let's work together to prevent any more deaths. Don't risk the lives of your soldiers until you've exhausted every other option. Your knowledge of the Hall and its defences would be invaluable to us. Our team will beam down to the surface approximately two kilometres from the palace. Demmas and his advanced guard will meet us there. Consider yourself drafted. Put it through. What do you mean? Do you have the device ready? Now! (Shooting. Resh carries Tieran out.)
Oh! Absolutely thrilling. Tom, back us off at full impulse. I want to stay ahead of the brunt of that wave. Congratulations, everyone. Only two other crews in the history of Starfleet have witnessed a supernova explosion. Who brought the champagne? Relax, Neelix. It's a figure of speech. How'd those shield modifications hold up, B'Elanna? Good job. Chakotay, what do you say we get started analysing those carbon conversion readings? You win. I'll see you at oh seven hundred. [Janeway's quarters] (Janeway enters her quarters, and sees a bed covered in red satin sheets with heart-shaped pillows.) Janeway to security. Intruder alert. Oh, Q. Janeway to security. Intruder alert. What are you doing here? There is no us, Q. I want you out. But first, get rid of this bed. Since you won't be getting in the bed, I wouldn't worry about it. And it's going to be a while longer. Now get out. If you think this puerile attempt at seduction is going to work, you're even more self-deluded than I thought. Oh! Let me guess. No one else in the universe will have you. Really? I beat out a single-celled organism? How flattering. And totally uninterested. Sorry, but I'm busy for the next sixty or seventy years. As far as you're concerned, Q, I'm impossible to get. Janeway to bridge.  But I want to be notified immediately if he reappears anywhere on the ship or if anything odd starts to happen. [Bridge]   Let's just say he had a personal request. [Bridge]   I'm not sure what he's really up to, but I have a feeling he'll be back. Janeway out. [Ready room]  Come in. Thank you. Is there something else? No. I wish I could believe he's gone for good. He wants to mate with me. Obviously, it's out of the question. And I suspect it's a smoke screen. Knowing Q, he's probably got some hidden agenda. Chakotay. Because there isn't. I'm just not interested in you. Not big enough. Captain's log, stardate 50384.2. Q's unannounced visits continue. Since I suspect he's up to something more than pursuing me, I've instructed the crew to take every opportunity to uncover his true motives. [Holodeck - Paxau Resort] (The volleyball team also give massages.) This isn't going to work, Q. He's adorable. But this has to stop. No. And I suppose you want to share your true feelings with me now. Lonely? Sorry, Q. I'm not buying it. (He passes over the puppy.) You're right. I would like to have a child someday. But not with you. I'm just not the right kind of woman for you, Q. Excuse me, but who are you exactly? Look, Miss Q, I'll save you a lot of trouble. I have zero interest in him. On my way. (Janeway gives the puppy back to Q.) I'd really appreciate it if you would take this domestic squabble off my ship. [Bridge]   Report. Get us out of here, Tom. Red alert. Tuvok, increase power to the shields. Tom, lay in a course away from that shock wave, maximum impulse. (Miss Q is leaning against the rail. Q is further along.) A star going supernova is an event that occurs once every century in this galaxy. Now we're about to witness our third in less than three days, all in the same sector. Why do I suspect you have something to do with this? Are you causing these supernovas? What's that supposed to mean? Try evasive manoeuvres. Divert auxiliary power to the shields. (to Q) You have the ability to get us out of here, so do it. Do something, Q. Q? Where have you taken me? (She tries the doors and they are locked. Then Q enters dressed as a US Civil War Union Army officer.) I don't have time for your little fantasies. Return me to Voyager. The Continuum? The last time you brought me here, it looked like some sort of way station on a desert road. Enough. The only thing that interests me right now is the welfare of my ship and crew. I'd like to make sure of that myself, if you don't mind. Stop speaking in riddles, and tell me what's going on. Start explaining. The Q who committed suicide aboard Voyager? You said it would represent an interruption to the Continuum. That it could have dire consequences. His death caused this conflict? Oh! The supernovas. I fail to see anything wonderful about a war. But our Civil War came at a time before mankind had learned to resolve disputes without bloodshed. Surely the Q have evolved to a point where you can find a non-violent way to resolve a conflict. What do I have to do with any of this, Q? By mating with you? I don't see how a baby is going to end a war being fought by a race of omnipotent beings. You believe human DNA is going to restore peace? Q! You're bleeding. (Bullets continue to smash glass as Q stares in disbelief at the red on his hand.)  [Bridge]  (Consoles are going bang! The crew pick themselves up from the deck.) Be still. I never thought a Q could be injured. So they're some sort of Q weapons? Call a truce. Talk to them. Maybe you can resolve this peacefully. This is your fight, Q, not mine. Q! Come on. Come on. (She helps him out of the room before the chandelier falls.)  First Officer's log, Stardate 50392.7. While we don't fully understand the astrophysics underlying her plan, the female Q has suggested several modifications which may allow Voyager to enter the Continuum. [Engineering]  FEMALE One of your faction's encampments. I pulled you out of the mansion and managed to hide you from the enemy patrols. Then I spotted some of your people retreating from the battle. From the look of them, I'd say you're not on the winning side. And now it's time to end all this. I've been thinking about what you said, that creating a new Q could bring an era of peace. Oh, you're not going to have a child with me. You're going to mate with that charming lady friend of yours that appeared on my ship. It sounded to me like you and she had a very long term relationship. Really? Then how exactly did the Q come into existence in the first place? But I don't love you, Q. Everything. It's the foundation of a family. I could never have a child with someone I didn't love, much less give it up to the Continuum. Oh, so you're not willing to do the hard work? I'd change specialties if I were you, because the kind of trouble you're in needs more than a quick fix. You can't just sprinkle a little human DNA into the Continuum and make everything all right. Those best qualities of humanity you talked about aren't a simple matter of genetics. Love, conscience, compassion. (She fits him with a sling.) They're attributes that mankind has developed over centuries. Values that have passed from one generation to the next, taught by parents to their children. Creating a new kind of Q is a noble idea, but it will take more than impregnating someone and walking away. If you want your offspring to embrace your ideals, you're going to have to teach them yourself. I'd be lying if I said no. What explorer wouldn't be intrigued by the idea of seeking out whole new dimensions. But I have other responsibilities, and I won't just abandon them. You've tempted me with that prospect before. But frankly, your credibility is more than a little suspect. My crew and I will get home. We're committed to that. But we're going to do it through hard work and determination. We are not looking for a quick fix. You'll figure something out. You are omnipotent, after all. Time's up, Q. You've got to stop this war before it destroys the Continuum. Now I'm taking this white flag, and I'm going over to the enemy camp, and I'm going to tell them you're ready to talk about terms for a ceasefire. I'm going, Q. So if I were you, I'd start working on a way to set that precedent. First Officer's log, supplemental. We've laid in a course for the point in space where the female Q says we can enter the Continuum and find the Captain. [Bridge]  (The female Q is in the Captain's chair.) That's right. I've come with an offer of truce from Q. Then you agree the fighting has to stop. I'm relieved to hear you say that. May I ask how? With all due respect, sir, there are no chapters in the history of my own people more tragic than wars which set neighbour against neighbour. Q has an idea for a non-violent way to bring this conflict to an end. I urge you to listen to what he has to say. I won't do that. I told you, he's willing to negotiate. Let him go. Wait! What are you charging me with? Why won't you listen to me? I told your Commander last night we can resolve the situation peacefully. I'd rather skip that particular honour. (They are tied to stakes.) I won't plead for my own life. From your perspective I know it seems insignificant. But what is not insignificant is the fact that the Q, as an omnipotent race, have an opportunity to be a positive force to set a higher standard for other beings in the galaxy. I implore you all, don't go through with this. Don't allow yourselves to continue using violence to resolve your differences. I know. Q! They're not firing at us. I'm fine. Do as she says and I'll call my people off. Tell our people to stop shooting. Why don't I give you two some privacy? That was it?  Lieutenant Paris, what's our position? Ensign Kim, any sign of supernovas? Mister Chakotay, run a series of standard diagnostics. If everything checks out, take us to warp six. I'll be in my ready room. [Ready room] Q! He's adorable. I'd say fatherhood agrees with you. I'm glad to hear you intend to set a good example. And I thought you were going to teach him about love and conscience. I'm honoured.
Consul, I assure you I meant no (Her hand movements are clearly offensive to the Tak Tak.) I understand. Oh. I've always been taught to be tolerant of other cultures and points of view, no matter how alien, but I have to say that the Tak Tak are the most unforgiving people I've ever met. They make the Klingons look sedate. I may never put my hands on my hips again. Obviously they've never heard of forgive and forget. It's a good thing you were there, Mister Neelix. I might have been shot at dawn. I have studied chromolinguistics, American Sign Language, the gestural idioms of the Leyron, but I just couldn't get the hang of the Tak Tak. You have a genuine flair for diplomacy, Mister Neelix. I may have to promote you from morale officer to Ambassador. With all the species we're bound to meet, I could use a man like you at the front door. Dropping to one quarter impulse. Voyager's not there, and they're not responding to hails. I'm running a long range scan. There they are. They're holding position in sector thirty eight, coordinates one two one mark six. The ship appears to be adrift. They could be in trouble. Engaging maximum warp. (They reach Voyager.) Janeway to Voyager. Commander Chakotay, respond. There's some kind of bioelectrical interference. I can't get clear life sign readings. The escape pods are all in place, and there's no indication of any recent transporter activity. Grab a phaser, Ambassador. We're going to get some answers. [Corridor] Still no sign of the crew, but these sensor readings are highly erratic. A bioelectric field is permeating the ship. I can't localise it. Let's try accessing the ships internal sensors, see if we can get a better reading. (She accesses a wall panel.) Same problem. The main computer is offline, so is the comm. system. This is strange. One of the bio-neural gel packs in the mess hall ruptured, but most of the systems in there seem to be functioning normally. Let's get to the bridge. (Further along the corridor they come across a tool box and PADD.) Someone was doing maintenance work on this power relay. All the equipment is still active, but the work hasn't been completed. Come on. Me neither, but if there was an attack of some kind, why didn't Chakotay try to contact us or send out a warning buoy? I'm picking up a comm. signal about ten metres ahead. It's coming from inside this room. I can't tell. Let's take a look. Stand ready. [Wildman's quarters] Here's our comm. signal, your Good Morning Voyager programme. Why is it still running? According to the protein decay, I'd say Ensign Wildman replicated this eleven hours go. When we get to the bridge we'll check the communications logs. They might tell us whether or not (They hear a buzzing insect sound.) [Corridor] I can't tell if it's humanoid, but it's emanating a bioelectric field. Over here. (There is a hole in one of the transporter pads.) Something just punched right through this floor panel into the Jefferies tubes. Some sort of mucilaginous compound. High concentrations of amino acids and proteins, and fragments of non-humanoid DNA. Well, Ambassador, I'd say we've got an unexpected guest. Main power is failing, and the environmental controls are going offline. Systems are starting to shut down one by one. We'd better get to the bridge. [Turbolift] Good, we're still got auxiliary power. Deck one. When environmental controls fail, heat from the warp plasma conduits can't be vented. Expect a heat wave before long. Summers in Indiana were pretty similar when I was growing up. Six centimetres? There's a life form in the turboshaft. I'm engaging the manual override. One more second. I can't get the pneumatic conduits to (Something punches through the door and squirts gung onto Neelix. Janeway phasers the long tentacle that follows it.) There's no lifeform in the tube above us. We're getting out of here. [Jefferies tube] Are you all right? It's the same mucilaginous compound we saw in the transporter room. Come on. (They crawl along a short tube to a junction. Janeway uses her tricorder again.) Human lifesigns, very faint. Thirty or more. Several decks above us. I can't pinpoint the location. Maybe. One thing's for sure, whoever's up there is still alive. Once we get the main computer online, we'll be able to get a fix on their location. (They crawl to another junction.) You've got a high fever, fluid in your lungs. That alien compound is acting quickly. Try to hang on. Just three more decks. I'm not going to leave you here, Neelix. There should be an emergency medical kit up that tube. I'll bring back something to get you on your feet. Don't go away. (She goes up the ladder and find the medical kit. Meanwhile, Neelix is joined by a buzzing noise.) I'm coming, Neelix! (She heads back down with a hypo in her hand. Neelix screams.) Neelix! (Neelix has gone. A trail of mucus leads back down the Jefferies tube. (Janeway goes to Engineering, but it is deserted. She can hear a noise somewhere and climbs the ladder to the upper level around the warp core. A large case is there, and it contains weaponry. She strips down to her vest, keeping her comm. badge, and fills a backpack with small metal items. Finally she takes a hand phaser, a knife, and a phaser rifle. Rambo or Ripley Janeway locks and loads, ready for bear.) [Bridge] (Janeway has to force the turbolift doors to open properly. There is no one on the bridge, but there is mucus on the walls. As she works at a wall panel in an auxiliary Science station alcove, something buzzing rises up from behind the helm. The monitor says Distress Signal Protocol ready to encode.) This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager to anyone within range. My ship has been seized by unknown lifeforms. Require any and all assistance. (Transmitting on all subspace channels. Something bites her on the left arm. She squashes it. The monitor says it is scanning for lifeforms on all decks. Janeway runs a medical device over the bite, then the computer reports Lifesigns Located. Some are near the stern of the vessel, and some below the bridge.) [Mess hall] (The mess hall is full of unconscious people, mostly at tables. They have mucus on their skin, along with nasty boils.) Harry. Harry. (Kim wheezes for breath.) Oh, Chakotay. (Tiny insects fly out of the boil on his neck, then a massive three tentacled thing flies at Janeway, throwing her over a table. It prepares to dive at her with its central injector ready, and she blasts it into pieces. Clutching her side, she runs out into the corridor and into a turbolift.) [Sickbay] (Janeway tries to use a magnetic clamp to open the doors, and a hand puts a phaser at her throat.) Doctor, what's going on? What are those ow! Tell me what's happened. A macrovirus? What about the crew? Were any other gel packs infected? It's getting warmer in here, isn't it. Yes, on the bridge, I was bitten by one of them. Looks like I'll have to be your guinea-pig, Doctor. The crew, why are they all in the mess hall and the cargo bays? Tell me what happened after B'Elanna was exposed to the infected gel pack. How many of the larger macroviruses are there? Speak of the devil. The question is, how do we cure the rest of the crew? This antigen. Can it be distributed in a gaseous form? Leave that to me. All we have to do is get to Environmental Control on deck twelve. Not if I can help it. Prepare two canisters of antigen. We'll split up and take two different routes to Environmental Control. It'll double our chances. If you get there first, call me and I'll talk you through the repairs. We'll be right with you. [Jefferies tube] Take Jefferies tube eleven. What's wrong? Jefferies tube eleven. Take a left at Section 31 and straight down past the tractor beam emitter until you hit deck ten. Get out at section three and follow the corridor all the way around until Good luck. [Corridor] (Janeway splats three macroviruses.) Go ahead. Stay put, Doctor. I'm close to Environmental Control. [Environmental Control] Janeway to Doctor. I've got the Environmental Controls back online. But I think someone's firing at Voyager. Doctor, use the shuttle's sensors to find out what's happening and patch the data to me. It's the Tak Tak. Doctor, open a channel and hail their Captain. Consul, this is Captain Janeway. Why are you firing at us? Purifying? You're trying to destroy us. Wait. We've developed a cure but your torpedoes just stopped us getting it to our crew and putting an end to this. Yes. A synthetic antigen. We've tested it and it works. I can prove it to you, and I'd be willing to share the antigen with your people, but first you've got to stop attacking my ship. Give me a chance to save my crew. Doctor, we've got a problem. That last torpedo destroyed the secondary power couplings. I can't [Shuttlecraft] JANEWAY The only systems we still have access to are the ones with independent power sources. Shuttlecraft, life support, the holodecks. Doctor, you said the macroviruses are attracted to infra-red signatures. Right now you and I are the only targets left on board. What if we gave them something new to sink their teeth into? [Shuttlecraft] Doctor, it seems to be working. I've programmed the holo-characters to react to the viruses. We don't have much time. Grab your hypospray and get to the crew. You've got a clear path to the Mess hall and both cargo bays. I've put together what you might call an antigen bomb. Now all I have to do is drop it. (Janeway walks along a corridor to the open Holodeck doors. She sets the bomb timer for forty seconds but as she steps into the doorway to throw it, a macrovirus knocks her down and she drops both the bomb and her rifle. It lunges at her, and there is a struggle, until she rolls away and it bends its injector on the deck. She uses her knife to cut off one of its tentacles, then stabs it. With less than seven seconds left. she throws the bombs into the holodeck and runs away. There is an explosion of green gas.) [Shuttlecraft] Go ahead. And the ship? [Shuttlecraft] And we'd be willing to share the cure with you, if you'd be kind enough to forego destroying our ship. Good health. [Ready room] (Janeway is painting a pastoral scene whilst drinking a cup of tea and listening to jazz.) Come in. How's the crew holding up? I'm not surprised. Inform the crew that I'm granting extended R&R for all personnel, and work out the shift rotations. No, thank you, but have fun. Oh, on the contrary, I love to ski. Let's just say I've had enough of a workout for the time being.
 According to Federation astro-theorists, inversion nebulae are so unstable they're supposed to burn out within a few years, but this one appears to be centuries old. Tom, back us off two thousand kilometres. That'll give us a safety margin. Harry, set the sensors for full spectrum scans, continuous sweep. If that nebula does flare up, I don't want to miss a beat. Mister Kim, I need your attention on the sensors. Astro-theory never predicted this would be so lovely. Beauty and mystery, a tantalising combination. We've located a plasma strand that looks like it's seconds from igniting. Harry, what put out the flames? Like a firebreak in space. Or any plasma reaction. It's an investigation worth pursuing. Tom, it seems safe enough. Take us in for short range sensor scans. Let's find out all we can about this phenomenon. I'll see all of you at Mister Neelix's luau. I'm sure everyone will be attending. (Janeway leaves, having given her orders.) [Corridor] (Torres comes out of the turbolift wearing a 1960s style floral dress. Tom is in the obligatory loud Hawaiian shirt.) Oh, thank you. Tuvok, I'm glad to see you here. There's a difference between an order and a suggestion. Which puts out the fire. A feedback loop. Mister Kim, do we have enough data on this dampening field to produce one artificially using the deflector dish? Harry, do we have the data? The project is yours, Ensign. Tom, resume course for the Alpha Quadrant, warp six. Bridge to Engineering. B'Elanna, what's going on? Acknowledged. Harry, give B'Elanna a hand. That's a possibility we can't discount. [Engineering]  Let's try it again, Mister Paris. Warp six. Engage. It would appear to me that we're not moving, Mister Paris. Any ideas, B'Elanna? Let's run a level four computer diagnostic. All systems. I'll take it, B'Elanna. Tom, let's go. Good enough. [Tuvok's quarters]  Where is this individual now? Does that mean she has the run of our entire computer system? Is it possible that she's the source of our mysterious malfunctions? But why? What's her motivation? Giving rise to an intelligence that doesn't belong there. In any case, I can't allow her to gain any further control over my ship. Tuvok, Paris, Torres, get down to holodeck one. (to Tuvok) I want this situation resolved one way or another. [Outside the holodeck] Shield status. What happened down there? But she's not actually on the holodeck. I found an uplink and tracked it to the nebula. She's on a hidden ship or a space station. She's manipulating the holodeck from there. As an interface, a way to move around Voyager to interact with us. Harry, try to trace the uplink. Find her. Are you responsible for the plasma fires? What do you want? Stand by to transport. [Holodeck  Paxau resort] Try to hail Tuvok.  Go ahead, Tuvok. Acknowledged, Tuvok. [Space station] JANEWAY
Neelix, we seem to be approaching some kind of interstellar dust clouds. Can you tell us anything about them? They look rather ominous to me. What can you tell us about this Expanse, Mister Neelix? Those plasma storms might be a problem for navigation. Full sensor scan, Tuvok. Then we'll have to go through it. Looks like we'll be counting on your knowledge of the Delta quadrant even more than usual, Neelix. Will there be any planets where we can take on supplies? What are the coordinates? You heard him, Tom. On screen. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. Your station is a trading outpost, isn't it? I'd like permission to come aboard to negotiate for supplies. (Now he looks up.) Evidently I have no choice Neelix, Chakotay, Tom. You're with me. [Bahrat's office] Mister Bahrat? I'm Kathryn Janeway. I've brought a list of the supplies we'll need. I understand. To regenerate the filters on our environmental control system. I'm prepared to deal fairly. There's been a murder aboard the station. I've been told that's not an uncommon occurrence here. The man who dies has been suspected of criminal activity. Mister Bahrat, however, discovered something at the scene of the killing that greatly concerns me. He showed me the analysis just a few minutes ago. It's a Federation phaser signature. Tuvok will be assisting Mister Bahrat in his investigation. I want to know how a weapon from Voyager could have been involved in this incident. I've promised Mister Bahrat the full cooperation of every member of this crew during his investigation. Dismissed. [Tuvok's office] You can't seriously regard this as viable evidence. It proves absolutely nothing. I want my security officer present during all interrogations. You make no mistake about this. I won't allow members of my crew to be condemned for a crime they did not commit. [Station promenade] (Janeway and Tuvok march past.) Would all of you excuse us, please? I'd like to talk to Neelix alone. (Tuvok and Kes leave. The EMH goes to his office after receiving a Look.) Well, do you have anything to say for yourself? Oh. You're sorry. Is that supposed to make everything better? I don't really care whether you're sorry or not, Neelix. At this point it doesn't matter. I can't imagine what made you behave the way you did, lying to us, sneaking around behind our backs, covering up criminal activity. Did you have some misguided reason to think this was acceptable behaviour? You've been one of my most trusted advisors since we began this journey. How can I ever trust you again? How can I ever listen to you without wondering whether you're telling the truth or not? What was it? What was so important that you were willing to throw away your principles? A map? You've been on this ship for two years. I'd think by now you'd have learned that the first duty of any Starfleet officer is the truth. You violated that duty, Neelix, and there will be consequences. Oh no, it's not that easy. You can't just walk away from your responsibilities just because you made a mistake. You're part of a family now. and you have obligations. Well, that's not the point, is it? None of us knows what's coming. That's what Starfleet is all about. We are all in this together, Neelix, and we have to be able to count on each other no matter how hard it gets. Do you understand? Well, that's good. Report to deuterium maintenance at oh four hundred tomorrow morning. You're going to spend the next two weeks scrubbing the exhaust manifolds. That should give you time to think about what I've said. Dismissed. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek  is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
All right, let's stake a claim. I'll leave this in your hands,  B'Elanna. Use whatever resources or personnel you need. You might want  to talk to Mister Neelix. I believe he spent some time working in a  mining colony.  Where is she now?  Any luck in getting a transporter lock on them?  (A young lady is at Kim's station.)  Tom, I'm sending an away team down to you. We'll get Neelix  out of there, then go after B'Elanna. Tuvok, you're with Chakotay.  Good work, Doctor. Will this treatment help B'Elanna as well?  As soon as the away team gets back, I'll send her straight to  you.  As a matter of fact, I didn't.  I'm sure B'Elanna will appreciate your efforts, Doctor. [Cave] (Torres  is curled up in a corner.)    Your call sounded urgent.  The Borg! <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek  is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright  1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Just about a minute. I'm on my way to the shuttlebay. Extremely well. Everyone had a lot of fun. It's certainly worth a try. Thanks, Neelix. It's been a while. What is it, Neelix? I'm sure something could be arranged. Our secret, Neelix. I learned that dance when I was six years old. I assure you, it was the hit of the Beginning Ballet class. Oh, no. Not until certain other people take their turn. The ship's First Officer for instance. Come on, Chakotay, there must be some talent you have that people would enjoy. Maybe I could stand with an apple on my head and you could phaser it off. Funny, a minute ago there wasn't any indication of rough weather. Ion lightning. Maybe we'd better try the fifth planet instead and come back here when things have cleared up. I'm switching to manual. (Bang!) Reverse engines. Full thrusters. Altitude twelve kilometres. Hull temperature four thousand degrees. We have to reduce speed. Chakotay. Thanks. I'll live with it. I'm all right. Chakotay, we're going to need the blankets and the rations. What were you looking at? By whom? Chakotay, the homing signal. We might be telling someone just where to find us. Can you tell anything? Vidiian? I thought we'd moved beyond their space. What is it? Let's go. Let's take cover. We'll have to fight. [Cave] (Two Vidiians approach them.) Back off now. We'll fire if we have to. Back off! (A Vidiian shoots Chakotay.) Chakotay! (The other grabs Janeway by the throat and strangles her.) [Shuttlecraft Sacajawea] I learned that dance when I was six years old. I assure you. Wait a minute, what's happening here? Do you remember Vidiians? We may have wandered into some kind of repeating time loop. I'm going to scan for temporal anomalies. Agreed. I don't see any evidence of temporal flux, or any kind on anomaly for that matter. So far, so good. We're out of range. I'd still like to figure out what happened to us. Send a subspace message that we won't be landing on the planet. Tell them that we'll be looking for evidence of temporal anomalies. I see a ship approaching at high impulse. It's on an intercept course. Yes. Can we outrun it? They're two hundred thousand kilometres away and gaining. They're powering weapons. Shields up! Stand by all phaser arrays. (The ship opens fire from near point-blank range.) Returning fire. It didn't stop them. (Bang!) Firing starboard array! Shut them down, they'll leak antimatter. Dump the core! (Suddenly, they are back to where they started.) It's looking more and more like we're in a time loop. The question is, how do we break it? Agreed. If we're experiencing a temporal field, a tachyon burst might disperse it. Chakotay. Two Vidiian ships, still twenty million kilometres away but headed right for us. We also believe we're experiencing some kind of temporal phenomenon, a time loop. Make certain you scan for anomalies. Here goes. (Whoosh.) I can't tell if it's affecting anything. They just vanished! But I'm picking up a residual temporal signature. And the tachyon burst disrupted it. Believe me, Tuvok, we're looking forward to it. [Bridge] Good to be here. I'd still like to get to the bottom of whatever was happening to us in that shuttle. Did Voyager detect any evidence of a temporal field? Let's run a second level temporal scan. I'd feel better entering this part of space if I knew what caused the phenomenon. The time loop, or whatever it was we ran into out there. We told you, Chakotay and I experienced some kind of temporal loop. It involved the Vidiians. They'd attack and kill us and then we'd be sitting in the shuttle again. Tell them. To collect some nitrogenase compound. But we encountered a storm and we crashed. You don't remember how we kept ending up in the shuttle talking about Talent Night? Then I'm the only one who recalls things differently. Something strange is going on here. I'll have the Doctor examine me. In the meantime, I still want those temporal scans. What did you find? The Phage? What about Chakotay? Is he infected too? How did I get it? But we've encountered Vidiians like that before and had physical contact with them. No one's ever gotten sick that way. What's the prognosis? Of course. But you've studied the Phage in great detail. Have you made any progress in finding a cure? I understand. Doctor. I know I'm in good hands. (Janeway lies on the biobed in the surgical bay in her uniform, and the forcefield comes on. When she wakes, she is in a sickbay robe and has lesions on her hands and face.) Doctor? How long have I been asleep? Forty. Have you? Is there any hope of a cure? Then what's the next step? I see. What's that? What? Surely there are other options to explore, Doctor. B'Elanna's DNA for instance. It's coded to produce antibodies against the Phage. Turn it off. That's an order, Doctor! Computer, delete Emergency Medical Hologram. Security code Janeway Lambda Three. I'm the Captain! Delete the EMH! Don't do this. It isn't right. (Janeway slumps to the deck, gasping, and dies.) [Shuttlecraft Sacajawea] Chakotay! That's it. That must be the anomaly. That's what's behind all this. We've got to get away from it. Divert all power to the engines. Reverse engines, full power. Reinforce the hull. No! No, I don't believe that. We've got to get away. Chakotay, what's happening? Can't you hear me? Chakotay, I'm here. I know you can't see me or hear me. I don't know what's going on. But I am here, Chakotay. I am not dead. Computer, confirm Janeway voice pattern. (nothing) Kes, you're a telepath. You've been able to sense things others can't. Kes, can you sense me? I'm here, Kes. I'm staying with you until you realise it. (Kes walks through Janeway then stops a few paces later.) Did you feel that, Kes? It was me. That's more like it. [Engineering] Don't forget to run a magneton sweep. Now what? (A man in Starfleet uniform walks out of the light.) Daddy! Who are you? Are you responsible for what's going on here? My father died over fifteen years ago. You may be an hallucination, or some kind of projection of my own imagination, but you are not my father. Why not? If you know what's going on here, tell me. No, no, no, that's not possible. What do you mean? Consciousness. Is that what you're calling me? Kathryn's consciousness. If you stayed with me after you died, you should be able to tell me what happened then. If you're an hallucination, a part of me, you'd know those things. Just for the sake of argument, let's say you're right. What's next? Cross over to where? Kes sensed I was here. They're looking for me. They won't give up easily. Kes did it once, she can do it again. I'm going to help her. Kes, I'm here. Focus on me, on my voice. Kes, keep trying. You have to find me. Tuvok, surely you must know I'm here? We've shared so much. Oh, Tuvok. This can't be happening. I don't believe it. My memorial service. [Mess hall] What do I do to leave here? You may be right in everything you've said to me, but I'm not ready to accept it. I'm not ready to go. If I stay, maybe it'll be easier for them. Maybe I could be comforting somehow. Maybe that's what it will take for me to make that decision. I just know that now I'm not ready. Nothing. I can't, I won't abandon them. We're too much a part of each other, can't you see it? We've been through so much together. I have to know what's going to happen to them. To see Kes continue to grow and learn. To know if Tom and B'Elanna will ever stop sparring with each other and develop a real friendship. I don't care. I'd rather be here in spirit than not at all. A Captain doesn't abandon ship. Why are you pushing me? I've made up my mind. I'm staying here. [Planet surface] What was that? What happened? I saw Tuvok and Chakotay and the Doctor. No. It was different, as though, as though I were looking up at them. It didn't feel like the others. I didn't see myself. I was looking up at them. That's the real me, isn't it, lying on the ground on that planet, dying, and this is the hallucination. This isn't real. You're trying very hard to convince me to come with you. Why is that? If what you're saying is true, why not let me come to the decision on my own? My father would never act like this. He always believed I had to learn my own lessons, make my own mistakes. He never tried to shield me from life. Why would he try to shield me from death? You're not my father. I could be imagining you, but I don't think so. You have such a specific agenda. You're determined that I go with you somewhere. Who are you? Are you an alien being of some kind? Is that it? [Planet surface] I was right. I heard Tuvok and Chakotay and the Doctor. You're an alien. You've created all these hallucinations, haven't you? And what is that? (The bright light tunnel growing behind him.) Then why didn't you tell me this from the beginning? Why pretend to be my father. My people are telling me to fight. They're trying to save me. You're the one who sounds desperate. I don't get the feeling you're trying to make me comfortable. You're only interested in my agreeing to come with you. And you don't strike me as any type of Good Samaritan. You're more like a vulture, preying on people at the moment of their death when they're at their most vulnerable. But your patience is wearing thin. What's the real reason you want me in that Matrix? Somehow I don't think it has anything to do with everlasting joy. If you could force me to go, you'd have done it already. You need me to agree, don't you? I have to go voluntarily. Let me tell you this. We can stand here for all eternity and I will never choose to go with you. Go back to hell, coward. (The Admiral walks into the tunnel, which is now blood red. It finally disappears.) [Planet surface] Doctor, what happened? He kept telling me to let go, but I wouldn't. My father. The alien. He wanted to take me into another place. Maybe. But I can tell you this. From what I saw, it's certainly not where I'd like to spend eternity. Captain's log, stardate 50518.6. The Doctor has examined me thoroughly and pronounced me physically fit, but I'll admit that it'll take a little longer to work through the emotional impact of my experience. [Ready room] (Janeway is reading a PADD when the doorbell chimes.) Come in. (Chakotay enters, with a rose.) Talking it easy usually makes me feel worse. Oh. To tell you the truth, I'd rather stay busy than dwell on what happened. Do you think it's possible that each of the near death experiences we've heard about are the result of an alien inhabitation? I hope so. I'd prefer to think his species was unique to the Delta Quadrant and that I've seen the last of him. Come on, Chakotay. We've cheated death, that's worth a celebration, don't you think? A bottle of champagne, moonlight sail on Lake George, how does that sound?
If you're bored, Mister Paris, I'm sure I can find something else for you to do. The warp plasma filters are due for a thorough cleaning. What sort of ship? Harry, send a standard greeting. Try retransmitting the hail on wideband subspace. On screen. (The faint image of a large dark cube can just be made out against the black of space.) Red Alert! All stop, shields to maximum, standby all weapons. Tuvok, are they scanning us? I want to try a multiphasic scan. Tom, stand by to get us out of here in case they react. Proceed, Mister Kim. That's exactly why we're going to board that ship. This is a rare opportunity to learn as much as we can about Borg technology. If we're lucky, we may find a weakness we can use against them, in case we run into one of their fully manned and powered ships. Tuvok, assemble an away team. Tom. Take us into transporter range. [Bunker] The question is, why have the Borg left one of their ships and all it's technology adrift in space for anyone to find? Tuvok, continue scanning for any Borg vessels in the vicinity, as well as any other ships that might be more powerful. B'Elanna, you and the Doctor get started on that autopsy. In the meantime, I think it would be a good idea to rendezvous with Commander Chakotay a little ahead of schedule, and let him know we've run into some old friends. [Bunker] (Chakotay tries operating the door controls, then knocks on the door itself.) Can you locate the shuttle? What about their comm. badges? Voyager to Commander Chakotay, do you read? Ensign Kaplan, this is Captain Janeway. Come in. You can't be serious. All right. With all due respect, Doctor Frazier, you were one harmonious family bent on the violent assimilation of innocent cultures. Tell me how, exactly. I'm afraid we don't have anything like that. They want us to reactivate a Borg ship? There's no telling what would happen if we turned on one of those generators, even for an instant. For all we know it would attract other Borg vessels. Doctor Frazier, I admire your tenacity, I respect your courage. I'll give you medical supplies, I'll assist you with upgrading your security, I'll even take some of you with us if you want to come, but, as to what you're proposing, I have to tell you I'm extremely sceptical. In fairness however, I will give it some further thought. What do you think? You got to know them very well. And in all the time you were linked you never sensed anything negative? No hidden agenda, no destructive intent? Bottom line. Do you think we should do what they're asking? Not only would it mean imposing a choice on thousands of people who had no voice in the decision, but it would also be taking a terrible risk. Helping to create a new collective. Who knows what the repercussions might be? Try hailing them. Tom, lay in a pursuit course. Tell Neelix we'll rendezvous with his shuttle later. [Shuttlecraft] Take us out of here slowly. Mister McKenzie, full power to the shields. Arm all phaser banks and prepare to fire. Get us out of here. (The Cube goes KaBOOM!) Report. Let's hear it. And there are no residual traces of the link? How were they able to re-establish a connection? I thought their limited equipment made it impossible to form the link over great distances? Would you two please excuse us? (The EMH and Tuvok leave.) Based on what the Doctor's told us it's clear you were acting against your will. You know, Chakotay, that's a part of who you are. Given everything you believe in, I don't see how you could have behaved differently. I don't know. I'm not saying I'm happy about what happened, but so far they haven't acted like typical Borg. They saved us from that Cube, and they let you go. No, they didn't.
Fire! (A photon torpedo hits its target.) Target the fragments. Destroy them. On screen. Mister Paris, can we send a shuttle down through that turbulence? In for a penny, in for a pound. It's a human expression, Ambassador, and it means we're not leaving you now. Tuvok, assemble rescue teams. We'll send down three shuttles to find Doctor Vatm. I'm going to study the data we've collected so far. I'll be in my Ready room. [Sickbay] We're monitoring a major dust storm heading your way. You'll need to head due north within the hour. Time to impact? Let's see it. (A spaceship appears on the viewscreen.) Ensign? On screen. This planet belongs to the Nezu. They have five colonies here. I'm a friend of theirs. Kathryn Janeway. And I'm not going anywhere until you've lowered your weapons. Battle stations. [Mag-lev carriage] Full power to the shields. Ready phasers. (Whumph!) Return fire. Adjust our phasers to match. Target their primary reactor. Fire at will. Target their weapons array. Fire!
What was it? A pleasure. There's no need to apologise for anything. Our time here has been very well spent, although I could use your help in sifting through that last colourful saga. That might be worth a short detour. Engineering is usually short on vorilium. Thank you, Zahir. [Holodeck - Paxau resort] Come in. (Kes enters, looking exhausted.) Good morning. An all-nighter, Kes? The fine art of putting off an important task until the last minute, then rushing through it. In my Academy days, I was the acknowledged master. Of course. Let's sit down. Yes. He seems like a very interesting young man. I see. That would certainly give you a chance to get to know him better. That's certainly a legitimate question. And you think Zahir might be the way to do that? I understand what you're going through, Kes. I know what it's like to be at a crossroads in life, not to know which way is best. I can help you weigh the consequences, the possibilities. The decision itself has to be yours alone. We'll be in orbit for several more days. Take your time. My door's open if you need me. What do you mean? Cell fragments from the skin of the attacker, residual protein, DNA. Is Zahir conscious? How is he? How's Kes? Torres is hurt. Ten ccs of alizine. My Klingon physiology course at the Academy. We had a visiting Professor H'ohk. He permitted nothing less. Find out what's going on. Computer, who just left the ship? Try to hail them. Janeway to Chakotay. Then Kes could be in danger. And Torres. Get someone from security down to Sickbay. Check on B'Elanna. Try and find them, Chakotay. I'll see what I can do about the scattering field. [Nakahn's Lodge] (The EMH is working on his mobile emitter.) Enough to beam them up yet but I've got a fix on their position. I'm downloading the coordinates into Tuvok's tricorder. [Mountain path] JANEWAY Acknowledged. [Transporter room] (The EMH walks past the drawn phasers of the security guards.)
Deja-vu. On screen. Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation starship Voyager. We're not from around here. Red alert! (The two ships trade phasers and torpedoes.) Hail them. We've got to put a stop to this. You will explain yourself, Mister Kim, but right now you're relieved. Commander, you're at Ops. Get us out of here. Bridge to Engineering, what's the status of the warp drive? [Engineering] Target their weapons array and fire. I want to know exactly what you thought you were doing. I trust your intentions, Ensign, but your actions are going to need a little more justification. I want you to analyse the sensor logs, and see if there's any basis for Mister Kim's hunch. In the meantime I'm suspending you from duty. Go to Sickbay. Let the Doctor have a look at that cut. [Sickbay] (Torres is on a biobed, unconscious.) Harry, they were charging weapons. Tuvok has confirmed that the tetryon surge matched the energy signature of that particulate beam they shot at us. They would have taken us completely by surprise. Which brings us back to the larger question. We'll have to consider every possible explanation. Then there's your sudden illness, which may not be a coincidence. On my way. [Bridge] Can we outrun them? Is this another hunch, Ensign? Tactical status. Follow Harry's course. Speed, as fast as we can go. (Later -) Slow to impulse. We're making our stand here. What does that mean? Do you know this place? Prepare for evasive manoeuvres. Open a channel to that ship. We'd like to ask some questions before we start celebrating. But Harry wasn't trying to return here. We came to the Delta Quadrant by accident. I want to thank you again for your help in combating the Nasari. Do you have any idea why they tried to attack us? Are the Nasari likely to attack us again when we leave your space. Of course, Harry. Contact us when you're ready. Why haven't they shown up in his medical scans before? The Taresians must have found a way to manipulate genetic material to implant very specific knowledge into their children. So what the Taresians have been telling us appears to be true. Harry is one of their people. I wonder how that's going to influence him when Voyager's ready to leave? Of course, when that might happen is another question entirely. Are the Nasari still out there? [Sickbay] Even if we can wait them out, we'd only be postponing another conflict. I'd much rather find a way to convince them we're not their enemies. Contact Harry. Let him know we'll be leaving orbit. With any luck, we'll be back in a few hours with this matter resolved. [Taresia] I'm glad to hear it, and I hope you'll still feel that way when Ensign Kim is back on board. What do you mean? I'm not interested in hearsay. Are there any facts you can give me? I don't know, but I'll feel better when we've got Harry back. Set a course back to the planet. (Later.) Polaron grid? It wasn't here before. Hail them. Could a shuttle make it? And we saw what they can do. Do you have any idea how this new DNA could have gotten into his cells? Is there any way to determine exactly when he was infected? So Harry gets infused with alien DNA which gives him the instinctive urge to come here. Then the Taresians tell him this elaborate story to make him believe he was one of them. Why? And by keeping us away, they're making the decision for him. [Kim's room] You really have been special all your life. That doesn't give you much time to get a lock on Harry. Are the shields ready? Set a course for the target coordinates and engage at full impulse. Battle stations. [Taresia] (Kim is surrounded by women with staves, and they know how to fight with quarterstaffs.) Return fire. Time to intercept? Harry. I'm counting on the Taresians not to back off from those Nasari ships. Good. Let's hope they're more interested in fighting with each other than with us. Let's not give them a chance to change their mind. [Mess hall]
Tuvok, fire phasers. How do you know that? What is it, Kes? What do you know about them? Evasive manoeuvres, Mister Paris. B'Elanna, can we reroute power to the forward shields? In all my years in Starfleet I've never come across a phenomenon quite like this. Well, we'd better get moving. For all we know, Kes's next jump will take her back to a time when we're not here to help her. Tell me more. [Sickbay] Synaptic relays are operational. How are her vital signs? What about her chroniton count? It's working. Hold on a minute, Mister Neelix. Kes, why don't you start over, slowly. Tom's right. I think we should all leave the future to the future. Hang on a minute. I didn't mean now. Stay and enjoy your party.
You've checked the coordinates they sent us? What's the composition of the debris? On screen. What happened to it? There were sixty Vostigye scientists on that station. I'd like to know who they are, and why they'd annihilate a science station. From a ship? Set a course to follow it, Tom. Is there any indication what caused it? What's causing it? Shields up. Red Alert. Tom, back us off. Tom, move us away. Bridge to Engineering. We need power. Ready weapons. We're going to disperse it. Damage report. Maybe we don't want to. We've just witnessed a phenomenon none of us has ever heard of before, much less experienced. On a purely scientific level, I think we owe it to ourselves to investigate. I suspect there are conditions in this part of space that lend themselves to the formation of those eddies. Set sensors for continuous scans of subspace. Maybe we can anticipate the next one. (Janeway's eyes light up. There's coffee in that eddy.) [Doctor's office] Tom. I want to send a probe into that anomaly. Can you hold position close enough for us to get accurate telemetry? Tuvok? Maybe we can try a (The eddy vanishes.) That sounds like it's worth a try. Check with the Doctor. Maybe he can give you some kind of protection. If this one follows the pattern of the others, it should begin to collapse within a few seconds. Stand by, Tom. We'll all thank you for that. Is another eddy forming? Tom, get out of there. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] JANEWAY Harry, can you beam him out? Tom, are you there? Say again. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Where are the transporters? Janeway to Paris, do you read me? Harry, when the probe disappeared it kept transmitting. What about Tom's shuttle? See if you can clean it up. Voyager to Tom Paris. Can you hear us? Respond. Calibrate to a theta band frequency. Maybe that'll help. Say again, Tom. You're breaking up. Adjust your transceiver lock and try again. Yes, a little. Where are you? [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Janeway to Paris. How's the transmission now? That's why we can't find you on any of our scans. That's very interesting, Tom, but it doesn't address the problem of how to get you out of there. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Inside one of the eddies? If I had another idea I'd suggest it, but I don't. It's your call, Tom. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Yes, Tom. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] What's wrong? I'm not leaving, Tom. We've got to stay in close if we're going to beam you out. Chakotay, take the conn. Keep us ahead of it, but stay within transporter range. Harry, can you get a lock on him? Tom, how much longer before you clear the eddy? [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Harry, can you get a lock on him yet? Beam him to Sickbay. Chakotay, move us away.
Report. What's the alternative? Tuvok, enhance the shields. Lieutenant, hold our course. Harry, continue your long range scans. Let's access everything known about tetryon radiation. I want to take every precaution. All stop. Intruder alert. Show yourselves. Bridge to Chakotay. [Turbolift] A belated welcome aboard. I'm Captain Janeway. Now, who are you and what have you done with my First Officer? You must have a ship. Is it cloaked? I'm not going to hurt you, we just want to know why you (Veer stops clicking - talking without a translator - and closes his eyes.) Treat his injuries, then see if you can revive him. Examine his technology. I want to know what we're up against. [Gegen's Research Vessel] Your call sounded urgent. That's more than coincidence. Incredible! It says here that those markers appeared in hundred earth species, dating back tens of millions of. Their species evolved on Earth? I wonder how distant? Transfer yourself to Holodeck two. I think it's time we took a stroll through primeval history. [Holodeck] Let's see if we can find our closet relative. Computer, analyse the genetic markers and search Earth's fossil record. Identify any ancestors common to both humans and the alien in sickbay. Display. Yes, yes. Let's take the next step in out little stroll. Computer, what's the most highly evolved cold-blooded organism to develop from the Eryops? Display the life form. (Two metres tall, using its tail to help it stand upright.) As I recall, the Hadrosaur vanished when a mass extinction occurred at the end of the Cretaceous period. What if the Hadrosaur didn't die off? What if some of them survived that extinction and continued to evolve? Computer, run a genome projection algorithm. If the Hadrosaur had continued to evolve over the last sixty five million years, extrapolate the most probable appearance. Display life form. (A Voth.) The question is, why have we never seen him in the Natural History museums? [Gegen's Research Vessel] Mister Kim. Red alert. Shields at maximum. Hail them. Report. We're losing power. Switch to auxiliary. Arm yourselves. [Corridor] Let's get down to main Engineering. We can access the manual override from there, and I don't know. He took my First Officer and disappeared. If you want my co-operation, I suggest you release my vessel. Apparently, we're from the same place you are. Earth. My helmsman. Sounds like he's about to blast a hole in the side of your ship. Lieutenant Paris, fire. You might want to hold onto something.  [Engineering] Go ahead. Nice try, Tom.
I'd feel the same way in your place. Doesn't sound like any system we've encountered. Unfortunately our knowledge of this area of space is limited. I'd like you to look at a star chart to see if you recognise any astronomical markers. In the meantime my crew has begun scanning the area for any clues about what happened to you. When did she leave? What time did our alien visitor come on board? And we just got another visitor. (A dark-skinned young woman. A crewman vanishes in a corridor and a Nyrian appears in the Paxau Resort holoprogramme. Later -) Mister Tuvok, have you made any progress? All right, get back to your stations and keep looking. Confine the Nyrians to the cargo bays and post security details at every access point. Chakotay, I don't care how they seem. All I care about is that I've had a knot in my stomach since the first Nyrian arrived. Something about this is wrong, I can smell it. Look at us, running around the ship, checking sensors and spinning theories, while the Nyrians slowly replace our crew. Consider this. There has been a consistent interval of nine minutes and twenty seconds between these exchanges. At that rate, our entire crew will be gone in eighteen hours. Tell me that doesn't put a knot in your stomach. You have your orders. Captain's log, stardate 50912.4. It's been twelve hours since these mysterious exchanges began, and we still haven't discovered their cause. I've already lost over half my crew. [Corridor] Then do it. I want them where we can keep an eye on them. Shut down everything but the ship's essential functions. We'll be operating on a skeleton crew before long. [Engineering] B'Elanna, you've developed a theory about what's happening? A wormhole? Is Neelix still helping out with the new arrivals? Janeway to Neelix. I'd like you to find one of the Nyrians who (Janeway vanishes.) B'Elanna, are you all right? I don't know. They refuse to answer any questions. In other compounds just like this one, scattered throughout the woods. Not yet. I sent Tuvok to investigate the other compounds and see what he could find out. Until be gets back, all we have are unanswered questions. [Bridge] Tuvok, what did you learn? I'm not particularly interested in being welcomed. Why have you brought us here? Nonetheless, we are being held here against our will. We don't accept that. We will find a way out of here. Tuvok, tell me about this wilderness you've found. How rugged is it? Can we walk out? This place does have an artificial quality. l wouldn't be surprised if the whole thing is holographic, and the wilderness was created to keep us from exploring too far. Where did you come from? They took you from your colony? Do you have any idea where here is? If there were people here before us, maybe we could get out the same way. I consider that information a valuable commodity. There may be other portals, if you can show us how to find them. There must be. We just have to keep looking. Here? We can cover more ground if we split up. Tuvok and I will take this direction. You three go that way. We'll meet back here in twenty minutes. It's definitely some kind of control station. I can bring up information, but I can't understand what it says. Oh, much better. The Federation habitat, population one hundred and forty eight. At least they haven't detected that anyone's missing. Here's another environment, and another. How many are there? They're holding thousands of prisoners. There's got to be something that'll tell us what the layout of this place is. Authorised access only. Good, I'm getting something. Incredible. Tuvok, we're on a ship. Well if there is one, I can't find it. There seems to be a more extensive control centre four decks above us. Maybe I can access it from here. More security lock-outs. That must have been Jarleth. This translocator is what the Nyrians used to get on our ship. Assuming we can figure out how to use it. [Bridge] Great distances must limit it's capacity. That's why the Nyrians could only send one person to Voyager at a time and bring one of us here. I can't find the command pathways to get the system operative, and I don't imagine we have much longer before they find us. [Argala Habitat] I've got the basic operation down, but I can't quite figure out how to lock on to a target. Can you access anything that might function like our targeting scanners? What is it? Tom and B'Elanna. Doesn't look very inviting, does it. They can't last long in that. We've got to get them out. If the Nyrians are bringing in reinforcements, we're in trouble. Keep working on those bioscanners. [Argala Habitat] I've taken control of your translocation system. My tactical officer is standing by, waiting for my next order. That depends on you. Surrender my ship and release all the prisoners here. All right. You can stay where you are and greet your fellow crewmembers as we translocate them here to join you. We'll find you a nice warm habitat where you'll be comfortable while we contact the native worlds of your prisoners and arrange for their return. And once we've disabled your translocator, you'll be free to go. I'm sorry you don't wish to be reasonable. Mister Tuvok, get me out of here and prepare to
 Well, Commander, Voyager's all yours. I'm sure you will. Go ahead, Mister Paris. On my way. I appreciate your concern for my safety, Mister Chakotay, but Tuvok's right. Lieutenant Paris and I will be just fine. I'll see you in twenty four hours.  Well, if that takes care of our official agenda, there's another matter I'd like to discuss. Commander Chakotay informs me there's a new holonovel that's become quite popular among the crew. I don't suppose anyone here is familiar with what we're talking about? I understand that the author of this little opus has chosen to remain anonymous. Perhaps because of the controversial nature of the story, which depicts Commander Chakotay as the leader of a Maquis mutiny. Well, now that the cat's out of the bag, I want each of you to talk to your staff and find out who our anonymous author is. I never knew you had literary aspirations. Apparently you didn't account for B'Elanna's exceptional computer skills. With all due respect, Mister Tuvok, loosen up. You may have intended this programme to be a tactical training tool, but it looks to me like it's turned into a bit of harmless fun. I'm more than just a Captain. I'm the leader of a community, and communities need entertainment, culture, creative outlets. Since we're not exactly privy to every new piece of music or holonovel that's written back home, I think it's only natural that we should start creating our own. Good. Then it's settled. I for one can't wait to see if Captain Janeway manages to outwit the conspirators. [Mess hall] He would never betray the Captain the way he does in that story. No offence, Mister Vulcan, but I don't think you understand my character very well. Seska? How? Can we get them out? You said the narrative parameters file is open now? If Seska can rewrite Tuvok, maybe I can rewrite Seska. [Holographic Jefferies tube] Where did they come from? I need more access to the narrative subroutines. You'd better find a way, otherwise Tom and Tuvok aren't going to make it out of there alive. It looks like Chakotay's taking them to the holographic cargo bay. I guess that means I keep writing. [Holographic Cargo Bay] I need access to the character algorithms now! Now, if I can just keep modifying the Chakotay hologram. I'm not out of ideas yet. [Holographic Cargo Bay]  Harry, have you got transporters yet? That's all right, Harry. No rush. [Mess hall]  Here's to stories with happy endings. Who says deus ex machina is an outdated literary device? What about doing a Western?
Commander. Cut the transporter beam. Do it. I've reached an agreement with the Collective. We're going to help them design a weapon against Species 8472. In exchange, they've granted us safe passage through their space. That's part of the plan. We'll work on the weapon en route. Once we're across their territory, we'll give them the nanoprobes. They appear to be holding up their end of the bargain. I suggest we do the same. I'm going to work here, on the Cube. They have technology that'll make the job go faster. I want to take advantage of it. It's part of the deal. I work here. I'll propose it. Mister Tuvok, transport to my coordinates. We're going to make this work, Commander. Janeway out.
So, how's the newest addition to our family? Well, it's time we brought her up to date. Wake her. We had to neutralise the neurotransceiver in your upper spinal column. Your link to the Collective has been severed. I'm afraid I can't do that If I were to turn this ship around and head back into Borg territory I'd be putting my crew at risk. I'm not prepared to do that. Try to understand. You have to stay on board Voyager. But I'm offering you freedom from the Collective, and I assure you we will do everything we can to help the transition It's too late for that. Your human cells are starting to regenerate. You won't survive without medical care.  Come in. What about the warp drive? Granted. Tactical update? So we're not out of the woods yet. Seven of Nine could help with that. That could change. I just have to reach her somehow. (She shows him what she has been reading - Registery Archive Personnel Database.) Annika Hansen. It took some digging through the Federation database, but I managed to find a single entry in the records of Deep Space Four. Her parents were unconventional. They fancied themselves explorers, but wanted nothing to do with Starfleet or the Federation. Their names were last recorded at a remote outpost in the Omega sector. They refused to file a flight plan. Apparently, they aimed their small ship toward the Delta Quadrant and were never heard from again. From what she's told me, that was almost twenty years ago. What's the alternative? Toss her back to the wolves? What is it, Doctor? I'll be right there. [Sickbay] Report. Which is the last thing Seven of Nine would want. This is no ordinary patient. She may have been raised by Borg, raised to think like a Borg, but she's with us now. And underneath all that technology she is a human being, whether she's ready to accept that or not. And until she is ready, someone has to make the decisions for her. Proceed with the surgery. Excellent work, Doctor. I admire your attention to detail. When can I speak with her? I would. How are you, Kes? What are you suggesting? Kes? I couldn't do that. I want to help you, but I need to understand what you're going through. It's obvious that you're in pain. That you're frightened. That you feel isolated. Alone. No, but I can imagine. You were part of a vast consciousness, billions of minds working together. A harmony of purpose and thought. No indecision, no doubts. The security and strength of a unified will. And you've lost that. I can't give you back to the Borg, but you're not alone. You're part of a human community now. A human collective. We may be individuals but we live and work together. You can have some of the unity you require right here on Voyager. It'll have to do. And the fact is, this community needs you. The Borg modifications you made to our vessel are disrupting our warp drive. We need your help to remove them, your expertise, your cooperation. You must comply. [Engineering] Lieutenant Torres, Ensign Kim, you remember Seven of Nine. We can't afford to delay repairs any longer, so I've asked her to help us remove the Borg modifications. She only has a few hours before she returns to Sickbay. I suggest you put here to good use. Well, now that the pleasantries are over, why don't you get to work? I want updates every hour. Disable the transmitter. There was some kind of explosion in the Jefferies tube just as she was about to initiate her transmission. [Kes' quarters] I can tell by the expression on your face that you've got some bad news. Enough for a Borg ship to track? And the second front? Explain. I've got an Ocampan who wants to be something more and a Borg who's afraid of becoming something less. Here's to Vulcan stability. Wait for me. [Brig] I've decided to keep you in the Brig until I'm certain you won't try to harm us again. If necessary the Doctor can treat you here. I honestly believed you were going to help us. What happened? I've met Borg who were freed from the Collective. It wasn't easy for them to accept their individuality, but in time they did. You're no different. Granted, you were assimilated at a very young age, and your transition may be more difficult, but it will happen. Yes, I hope so. That's what individuality is all about. I don't think you'll want to do that. You lost the capacity to make a rational choice the moment you were assimilated. They took that from you, and until I'm convinced you've gotten it back, I'm making the choice for you. You're staying here. Bridge to Neelix. What's going on down there? Neelix, report. Tuvok. (Janeway and Tuvok enter the mess hall to see Kes on her knees, smiling, glowing and semi-transparent. Then she solidifies again.) [Doctor's office] Then for some reason her atoms re-established their bonds and she was back in one piece. Tuvok, enhance the structural integrity fields throughout the ship. If she has another incident I'd like to avoid a hull breach. Doctor, maybe it's time we broaden our horizons. This appears to have gone beyond medical science. We're into particle physics now. Keep me informed. {Sickbay] Go ahead, Ensign. Yes, you are. You're not alone. I'm willing to help you. You are with your own kind. Humans. I'm coming in. I don't think you will.(Janeway enters the cell, staying out of arms reach. She shows Seven the picture from the Personnel File on the PADD.)JANEWAY: Do you remember her? Her name was Annika Hansen. She was born on stardate 25479 at the Tendara Colony. There's still a lot we don't know about her. Did she have any siblings? Who were her friends? Where did she go to school? What was her I can't do that. Oh yes, it is. I'm just giving you back what was stolen from you. The existence you were denied, the child who never had a chance. That life is yours to live now. It's what you are. Don't resist it. SEVEN: No! (She collapses into Janeway's arms. Janeway helps her back to the bunk and holds her.) Captain's log, supplemental. Warp drive is still offline and we don't know whether the Borg have detected us. Kes' psychokinetic abilities continue to damage the ship's structural integrity, and as a result our defences have been compromised. [Kes' quarters] You wanted to see me. Ah, Tuvok's meditation lamp. I was with him when he got it six years ago, from a Vulcan master. Who doubled the price when he saw our Starfleet insignias. Oh, Kes. We're going to get to the bottom of this. The Doctor's already working on a new approach. What if it's not true? What if you're simply being swept up in the excitement of something you think is happening, but it's not real? On the basis of a feeling, an intuition, you're asking me to let you go, quite likely for ever? Kes, I just can't do that. No. But argue with you? Even plead with you to reconsider? Absolutely, for as long as it takes. You've lived most of your life here. Voyager has been your home. And you've been a vital part of this family. Oh, I'm going to miss Janeway to bridge. [Bridge] Come on. Janeway to Chakotay. Beam us directly to the shuttlebay. [Bridge] Acknowledged. Looks like we're going to have to do this the hard way. (They run. The ship's hull starts to ripple.) [Bridge] Can you hail her? On screen. Where are we? She's thrown us safely beyond Borg space. Ten years closer to home. [Cargo Bay two] (Seven is no longer in the rubber Borg suit, but a silver cat-suit with high heels. She also has blonde hair fastened back in a pleat. The EMH enters with You'll have to spend a few hours each day regenerating in a Borg alcove until your human metabolism can function on it's own. We'll leave one operational. Let's see how things go over the next few weeks. I'll consider granting you access to the rest of the ship once that I can trust that you won't try to get us all assimilated again. Good. If you need anything, contact me. What?
