I greet you. I am K'Ehleyr. You speak Klingon. Klingons are not supposed to mind hardship. Nonetheless, I am delighted to be out of that damned coffin. Whoever said that getting there was half the fun never rode in a class eight probe. No doubt because I am only half Klingon. Yes. My father was Klingon. My mother was human. (And the lovely Susie Plaxton previously played a Vulcan on TNG) [Observation Lounge] Worf. So this is where you've been hiding. I told you we'd meet again. Aren't you going to greet me? Haven't changed a bit. Well, I missed you, too. Two days ago, Starbase Three Three Six received an automated transmission from a Klingon ship, the T'Ong. That ship was sent out over seventy five years ago. The message was directed to the Klingon High Command. It said only that the ship was returning home and was about to reach its awakening point. Exactly. We'll have a ship full of Klingons who think the war is still going on. A Klingon ship, the P'rang, is on its way, but it's two days behind us. That may be too late. Nice, ripe targets for a Klingon warship. No, not a chance. If you ask me, talking will be a waste of time. Klingons of that era were raised to despise humans. We'll try diplomacy. But I promise you it won't work. And then you'll have to destroy them. No. Captain, these Klingons are killers. You'll have no choice. Captain. (All leave except Picard and Worf) Actually, the DNA is compatible, with a fair amount of help. Rather like my parents. Really? It was the other way around for me. My mother was human. You must've grown up like I did, trapped between cultures. Perhaps you got the best of each. [K'Ehleyr's quarters] Myself, I think I got the worst of each. Oh, yes. Having my mother's sense of humour is bad enough. It's gotten me into plenty of trouble. That, I keep under tight control. It's like a terrible temper. It's not something I want people to see. Not like mine. Sometimes I feel there's a monster inside of me, fighting to get out. Of course it does. My Klingon side can be terrifying, even to me. That doesn't mean I have to like it. [Tactical room] ((K'Ehleyr has changed into a red leather catsuit) Sorry. Had to make myself beautiful. Worf, we're alone now. You don't have to act like a Klingon glacier. I don't bite. Well, that's wrong, I do bite. You weren't this aloof six years ago. Or don't you remember? Well there's something wrong with the rest of you. You're not even looking at me. And it gives you no pleasure to see me again. It isn't as if we tried it and it didn't work, you know. You never gave it a chance. I mean, as I see it, we have some unfinished business, you and I. Probably some secret military objective. Why else would there be no record of the mission? What does it matter? Our concern is the present, the possible threat. We have all the information we need. There is nothing to understand. These are Klingons. They'll attack. In their minds, we're the enemy, and there's no way we're going to talk them out of that! And I do not appreciate wasting my time. There aren't any. The assignment's hopeless. Oh, are there? Tell me, whatever happened to that wonderful Klingon fatalism of yours? Starfleet hasn't improved you one bit. You're as stubborn as ever. All right, I will. Upon due consideration of the problem and careful examination of all possible options, my original recommendation stands. Meeting adjourned. [K'Ehleyr's quarters] (She takes out her pent up rage on the poor defenceless glass table. Then the doorbell rings) Come. (Troi enters, carefully) Your finely-honed Betazoid sense tells you that? I warned you about my Klingon half. I thank you, Counsellor. But I don't want any counseling. Oh? And it'll keep me from wrecking the ship. Show me the exercise menu. Hold. Calisthenics programme of Lieutenant Worf. It's not much of a programme. Some calisthenics programs are better than others. You don't like people with a sense of humour? Worf, you're the perfect Klingon. The ultimate minimalist. Talk to me. Whereas others take a simpler approach. Say nothing. Or is loath to speak them. Why didn't we do this six years ago? I was. Perhaps we lacked courage as well. Wait. You can't mean Yes, I know. I was there. But I'm not going to become your wife! Don't give me that Klingon nonsense. They're not sacred. They're absurd! Marrying you is out of the question for a million reasons. Worf, it was what it was. Glorious and wonderful and all that, but it doesn't mean anything. I am human! So that means we should bond for life? Yours, not mine! I will not take the oath! Believe what you will. [Bridge] I've been working on our assignment, trying a few computer simulations. Unwilling to be alone with me? An android chaperon. Never mind. I guess I can't blame you. Tell me one thing. You would have gone through with the oath, wouldn't you? Regardless of the consequences to our careers, to our lives? What do you want? Is honour all you care about? Don't you feel anything else? No comment, huh? Poor android. Whose behaviour do you find more perplexing? Human or Klingon? So would I. Okay. When we locate the T'Ong, there are two possibilities. First [Observation Lounge] We find the ship before it reaches the awakening point. In that case, we simply keep the crew asleep. Then we await the arrival of the Klingon ship P'rang. But there's the second possibility. That the crew of the T'Ong has already revived. Klingons of that ear doing research for its own sake? The point is that this is beside the point. These are Klingons, at war with us. Whatever their mission was, once they see a Federation target, they'll attack. That would gain you nothing. Disable the ship, and K'Temoc will destroy it himself. If we don't reach the T'Ong before its crew wakes up, you have no alternatives. Better lock in phasers. This may be the only chance you get. Well, Captain you've had your chance. (a few minutes later, La Forge enters) Captain let them die like Klingons, in battle. They deserve that much. And you wore it well. [Transporter room] In the meantime, I'll begin the assimilation of these Klingons to our era. No. Nothing else. Damn you, Worf. You'd let me go without saying another word, wouldn't you? Nothing. Everything. We're about to go our separate ways again. I hid the truth from you. Last night did have meaning. I was tempted to take the oath with you, but it scared me. I've never had such strong feelings toward anyone. Then it was more than just a point of honour. Maybe someday, when our paths cross again, I won't be as easy to get rid of.
Hello, Captain Picard. It's good to see you again, Captain. Lieutenant Worf. There is an urgent matter we must discuss, Captain. Permission to come aboard? I hope he'll be all right. Alexander hasn't had much contact with other children. [Turbolift] Not even a bite on the cheek for old time's sake? I've heard. So now what? I have to perform some ridiculous ritual to talk to you? Sorry. I just thought you might want to talk. A few minutes ago, you looked like someone with a question to ask. Yes, you must. (Worf gets out of the turbolift) What should I tell Alexander? That he has no father? [Observation lounge] The Klingon Empire is at a critical juncture. We may be facing civil war. The usual excuses. Tradition, duty, honour. I won't bore you with the intricacies of Klingon politics. Basically, two factions are trying to seize power. Klingon wars seldom remain confined to the Empire. Sooner or later they'll drag in the neighbouring star systems, then the Tholians, the Ferengi. The Federation won't be able to stay out of it for long. This has been coming for some time. Only K'mpec, the head of the Council, has been able to maintain the peace. Correct. K'mpec is dying. He is aboard the cruiser. He has come specifically to meet with you, Captain. Alone. [K'mpec's quarters] (Picard is escorted into K'mpec's quarters. There's a lot of red in the decor, and the chairs are massive) Hello! Well, you're back early. Maybe you should go to your room and play. (Alexander runs off) Is he under arrest? Our ways? You mean Klingon ways, don't you? He is also my son and I am half-human. He will find his own ways. Why the sudden concern? You won't even acknowledge that he's yours. What would you have done? That's right. You would have insisted that we take the oath, just as tradition would demand. Well, now you know. Because you were dishonoured? Why did you accept discommendation from the High Council? I know. And I also know that you challenged it. But why, Worf? I can't believe you'd just give up. What really happened? That's Gowron. It will be just long enough to prove that K'mpec is dead. (Duras enters with two guards. K'Ehleyr hands the painstick to Picard. He stands in front of K'mpec's body) Sonchi. Two Klingons killed. A few minor injuries. Were you concerned about me? Is that it? Just official concern for my well being? Maybe I've forgotten. I thought about telling you. Wanted to tell you. But I wasn't ready. When I left, you said you'd never be complete without me. It took some time but, I came to realise I need you too. You're part of me, Worf. maj dok. (a long pause as they gaze into each others eyes) There would be no suffering I don't care what other Klingons think of you. Family of traitors. I don't believe that for a minute. If you cannot be his father, at least be his friend. [Ready room] Duras and Gowron will be here in a few minutes. I don't think you can delay this meeting again. In the modern Rite of Succession, only a brief proclamation that two challengers have been chosen is necessary. The old forms dictated that the challengers perform the ja'chuq. It's a long, involved ceremony where the challengers list the battles they've won, the prizes they've taken, the idea being to prove their worthiness to lead the Council. It's up to you. You can use whatever form you want. Captain, what do you know about Worf's discommendation? My interest is personal. I understand that you were there. You stood by him before the Council. I'd like to know what happened. Or days, depending on your cooperation. [Worf's quarters] (Alexander is gazing at a large curved weapon on the wall) The next meeting is in three hours. I'm honoured. He has sufficient reason to proceed carefully. Yes. Possibly. Why should I? I serve in my own way. What do you want? Opportunities that will present themselves only if you come to power. You talk like a Ferengi. K'mpec was old and weak. I am not. [Engineering] Not if the Romulans had help from one of the Klingons. Gowron came to me alone. He wanted me to speed up the ja'chuq. Offered me a seat on the Council if I'd help him. He also implied I'd end up like K'mpec if I didn't cooperate. Why? Can you be more specific? Computer, list stardates of the last Enterprise mission to the Klingon home planet. How many ship's logs during that period? Is there a personal log for Lieutenant Worf? Eliminate all personal logs. List the remaining forty three in chronological order. We'll just take them one at a time. [Observation lounge] Computer, interlock with the Klingon Imperial Information Net. Federation Ambassador K'Ehleyr requesting diplomatic access to High Council record. Security code pah doQ cha! Computer, display summary of the most recent High Council inquiry regarding Khitomer massacre. By whose order? Access biographical files. Subject name, Councillor Duras. [Duras' quarters] Come. I've been investigating what happened at Khitomer. Not at all an easy task, considering that most of the records are sealed. No, the evidence was altered to make it appear that way. I found it interesting to read that your father was also at Khitomer and you are the one who sealed the records. Don't play the wounded Klingon for me, Duras. You don't do it very well. What happened in that Council Chamber? How did you get Worf to take the blame for you? The son betrays his people to the Romulans just as his father did, Duras? [Doctor's office] No. Alexander. (She puts Alexander's hand into Worf's, then dies)
