Captain Janeway, report to your Ready room. [Ready room] I've replicated some coffee. Black, as usual? Prax here still refuses to try it but then, he's a man of few It seems you have a long-standing obsession with exploration, Captain. I, on the other hand, have much more in common with this ancient soldier. Your culture has many contradictions. Violence and beauty, science and faith, all somehow mingled harmoniously. Like the counterpoint of this music. Mahler. Symphony Number One, am I correct? I've had time to review it since our last encounter. I'm just trying to get to know you, Captain. There's no reason for us to be adversaries. I could be your friend, and right now you could certainly use one. Your predicament? I don't expect it's been easy. Thousands of light years from home, navigating by strange stars, trespassing in other people's space, ignoring their laws. Through the Devore Imperium? Still, most people make the effort. We don't exactly embrace outsiders. It means strangers. Which brings me to a matter that could threaten our friendship. I've examined your crew manifest from our last inspection. Commander Tuvok, Ensign Vorik. Vulcans. Ensigns Suder and Jurot. Betazoids. All telepaths, and yet for some reason you neglected to mention them. That's fortunate, for you I mean. If I'd known you were harbouring telepaths I would have had to arrest you for breaking our cardinal protocol. Perhaps. Captain do you trust me? Exactly, and why should you? Trust has to be earned. It's gradual. And yet it's the foundation of every relationship, professional and personal. It's also a concept alien to the telepathic races. Why take someone at their word when you can simply read their mind? (Prax enters.) Prax, it's clear the Captain didn't intend to break protocol. I expect we can overlook these infractions. Captain, I'm a reasonable man, and you've been cooperative, but consider this a reminder. You have a long trip through Devore space and good friends can be an asset. Captain. It's urgent that we speak. I'm not here to search Voyager. Call me Kashyk, please. I never liked that title. In fact, I've left it behind. I'm defecting, and I need your help. I've come to ask asylum. Safe passage out of Devore space before I end up in a detention centre myself. Because of what I'm about to tell you. If you continue on your present course, you'll be intercepted by a squadron of my warships. Voyager will be seized, your crew imprisoned or worse. The nebula is a trap, Captain, to catch vessels smuggling telepaths. What I know is that you have twelve refugees aboard right now. That you rescued them from a freighter three weeks ago, and that you've been concealing them in Cargo Bay one using your transporters. I could have exposed them at any time, but I wanted them to escape as much as you do. I can still protect them, but only if you take me with you. My people know about the wormhole. It's only a matter of time before they find it. You have no choice, Captain. I'm your only hope. [Astrometrics lab] Over a week ago. We were the ones who changed the rendezvous coordinates. Two vessels carrying refugees have already been seized. Voyager would have been next. We'll have to get your passengers to the wormhole on our own. These are the schedules and routes of our patrols, along with tactical data on our shield and weapons configurations. Enough to ensure that you avoid another inspection. Well, I took two weeks leave. Enough time, I hope, to find the wormhole and get your passengers safely through it and myself, as well. No, for that you'll need my guidance and some luck. No hard feelings. [Brenari quarters] Let's just say I'm not used to other people deciding my fate. There's nothing sudden about it. I've been looking for a way to escape for years. Voyager was the perfect opportunity. Well, what are you suggesting? I ask a Brenari vessel for assistance? They'd throw me out an airlock. Besides, you're something of a humanitarian, Captain. I've read your database. I know all about Starfleet philosophy. Unless you left those ideals behind in the Alpha Quadrant? You're turning me away. I'm used to being surrounded by armed guards. Makes me feel secure. I don't think anyone could doubt that. Captain's log, supplemental. It's taken us nearly two days, but we've managed to locate Torat, the man who's supposedly an expert on wormholes. Unfortunately, he seems reluctant to share his expertise. [Bridge] This is a waste of time. Disable his ship. He's right. He couldn't help us if he wanted to. I doubt you'd know a wormhole from a dark matter inversion. Not surprising, considering you toil in scientific obscurity. Not worth the sensors they were recorded on. Where is it? I'm thinking. Did you apply a fractal coefficient? Neutrino flux parameters? Statistical algorithms? It's not like you to give up. Think harder. You follow your instincts. Captain? If we could run an algorithm based on subspace harmonics, it might reveal our pattern. I'm going to miss this coffee of yours. Thank you. The Brenari aren't about to embrace a former Inspector. I'll be feared, hated for what I represent. I suppose you liked me better in uniform. We call them the Kolyan Kolyar. Infinite Spirals. As a boy, I spent years gazing at these lights. This is the last time I'll ever see them. Which you too may never see again. I suppose we're both refugees, in a way. Are you sure you'll be welcome when you do? I came across something else in your database. The Prime Directive. It seems you violated it when you rescued these telepaths. Three months ago my teams were inspecting a plasma refining vessel. We found a family of telepaths hiding in one of the extraction tanks. There was a child, very young. She'd been inside it for days, barely able to breathe. When I lifted her out and set her down on the deck, she thanked me. I sent her to a relocation centre with the others, knowing full well what would happen to her. After that, I could think of nothing else, and when I couldn't stand it any longer. You're my deliverance, Captain. The Tehara system. There's an automated sensor array between here and Tehara. We'd never make it in time. We'll have to find a way to avoid detection. They've just never looked quite so beautiful before. Could be the company I'm keeping. That must be it. [Corridor] Every forty seconds. Ten light years. The pulse is designed to track warp fields and impulse signatures. If we lower our power output to beneath it's detection threshold It's worth a try. (They arrive at Kashyk's quarters.) Captain, why don't you join me? I've been looking forward to trying your replicator. Well, I'm sure that I can come up with something to toast the evening. We've accomplished quite a bit today. In case I decided to replicate a weapon. Better than anyone. And you. (The door closes. Janeway speaks to the guard, who is standing at attention.) Our power output is below the detection threshold. We've been detected. The array's transmitting an alert. Warships will be on their way, but we can still reach the wormhole. You're not planning to fight your way to the wormhole? Captain, we have to talk. But not here. [Janeway's quarters]  I'm going back, to rejoin the warships. It's the only way I can guarantee your safety. I'm still a ranking officer. I can take command of the inspection teams, make sure the refugees aren't discovered. I can keep them off track long enough to get you through that wormhole. Kathryn. You may stand a chance against one of our warships, but not against two. If I stay your best chance of escape will be lost. Generous but, something tells me I wouldn't fit in any better on Voyager. Believe me, it will be the quickest inspection on record. My pleasure. Thank you. [Shuttle bay]  Begin pre-ignition sequence. (His shuttle starts to power up.) I may not be able to join you this time. Captain Janeway, report to your Ready room. [Ready room] Tchaikovsky. Of all the selections in your database, this remains my favourite. I'm afraid Prax isn't impressed. He's solely concerned with his work, aren't you, Prax? Yes, he's curious why you entered this sector. You're aware it's restricted. You strayed a full light year from your course in order to observe an astronomical phenomenon? Yes, I remember. I also remember warning you about going where you don't belong. Well, it's a romantic notion, Captain, but one I can't allow you to indulge. I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to leave our space immediately. Prax, why don't you check on our teams while I reiterate our protocols for Captain Janeway. (Prax leaves.) Not yet, but our warships have been monitoring Voyager's movements for the past few days, and mine as well. I don't think we have much time. The Brenari? And the wormhole? Congratulations, Captain. For a while, I wasn't sure if even I'm the one who's impressed, with your selflessness, your humanity. It made all this so much easier. Oh, that incident was real. What I didn't tell you was that after wrestling with my ethics, I realised that I'd done the right thing in order to protect my people from a very real threat. Please. I insist. [Bridge]  Fire! It should have detonated. Those aren't neutrino emissions, they're antimatter residue signatures. There's no wormhole here. You created false readings. Prax, do you have the telepaths? [Cargo Bay one]  Return to the bridge. They couldn't have gone far. Why didn't they appear on our long range scans? Of course! Adjust their scanners to compensate for refractive shielding. Order our ships to pursue. Maximum speed! [Shuttlecraft] You're dismissed. To hell with protocol, Prax! Do you think either of us will benefit from having this failure on our records? As far as you're concerned, this incident never occurred. Make sure your teams share that Better than anyone. For what it's worth, you made a tempting offer. The bridge is yours. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
