Thank you, Mister Sisko. Interesting. It seems my Bajoran crewmembers have decided that serving under the wife of the Emissary is a little different than serving under his girlfriend. I've known some of those people for ten years or more and suddenly they're asking me for advice about their children, their wives, their husbands, their spiritual relationship with the Prophets. What does this have to do with me? No. No. I've got to draw the line somewhere. I married you. I didn't convert. And I'm not going to start acting like I suddenly believe in the Prophets. Good. Then it's settled. I'm going to go take a sonic shower.
Pardshay, don't be an idiot. Go get an anti-grav sled before you hurt yourself. (Pardshay leaves.) Well I wish I could, but it's unstable biomatter. Provided I had a mark seven transporter. A mark five. Fifteen years ago. But when you're working for the Petarians, you have to make do with what they give you. Oh, let me guess. Commander Sisko. Kasidy. Kasidy Yates. Well I think Jake fancies himself something of a matchmaker. Oh, damn. That sounds like the inertium ore. I'd better go see what's going on. I can take care of it. How about coffee? Say tomorrow evening, eighteen hundred hours? I'll see you tomorrow. [Ishka's house] (Morning, and Quark is already at the computer when Rom gets up.) Sounds like a great place to grow up. No, I'm fine. It's just when we made our plans I forgot I had a previous engagement. It's not what you think. It's kind of a family obligation. You see, my youngest brother, he's a colonist on Cestus Three. It's so far away, it takes two weeks for a subspace transmission to get here and I'm expecting one tonight. I promised my brother I'd listen to it as it came in. Not unless he hurt himself again. Last time he tore some ligaments in his knee. He was doing something called sliding into second. Yes. You know about baseball? Well, they're playing it on Cestus Three, At least they have been for the past six months. Six, but they're trying to organise a couple more. I didn't know you liked baseball. Look, this transmission I mentioned, it's an audio recording of a game between my brother's team, the Pike City Pioneers and the Cestus Comets. Well, if you'd like you're welcome to listen to it with me. Oh, great. Oh no. They thought about it, but decided against it.
Ben! I don't mean to interrupt. I wanted you to know I won't be leaving tomorrow after all. That depends on whether I get this new job or not. I've applied for a position with the Bajoran Ministry of Commerce to captain one of their freighters. If we can hammer out an agreement. It's a terrific opportunity. I get to use my own ship, pick my own crew, and the best part is, I never have to leave this sector. On my ship, I suppose. That's not a bad idea. Well, I have a meeting on Bajor and the shuttle leaves in a few minutes. I'll see you tonight? (Sisko kisses Kasidy and she leaves.) They didn't even wait for the interview to be over. After twenty minutes, Minister Azin said she'd heard enough, and if I wanted the job, it was mine. What do you think I told them? I said yes. That's it? That's not what I meant. I want to know how you feel about it. You know, I was thinking about what Dax said. Maybe I should get quarters on the station. What does that mean? A bad big step, or a good big step? Could you muster a little more enthusiasm? Forget about the job. I'm talking about us. I tell you I'm thinking about living on the station and all you can say is, it's a big step? I don't think you know what you meant. But I do. You're afraid of commitment. Obviously not you. You know what? Forget the whole thing. I'm not going to take the job. If you don't want me to stay here, that's fine with me. Hello, Ben. Hold this a second. You know someone who's qualified for it? You've been talking to Jake. Oh, he's a smart boy. Must take after his mother. Take a guess. A little nervous? Why not let me worry about that? You see? Smart boy. Look, I could stay here and listen to you apologise all day, but I've got to get to Bajor. Oh, I know what you thought, but I took the job. Do you think I'd give up a great opportunity just because you got cold feet? You're a good man, Benjamin Sisko, but you've got a lot to learn about women. Especially this one. I'll see you when I get back. You can help me pick out quarters.
That's what I'm trying to find out. I know. I was just making sure. I know how you like roasted peppers in your casserole. I'm so sorry. With all the bad news about Earth I wanted to do something nice for you. But from now on, you wear the apron in the family. I'm glad you're not mad. I wouldn't want anything to ruin our last few nights together. My cargo run. I leave early next week. Ben, the Breen attacked Earth. That's not exactly next door. Well, that's sweet. But I'm going anyway. Not a chance. [Damar's quarters] Benjamin! Do you mind explaining this? (She gives him a PADD) A month's paid vacation? This is your doing, isn't it? Let me guess. The Emissary asked for a little favour. But you did arrange this! I told you, I don't need or want that kind of protection. I want you to call whoever you called and have them put me back on the active list. I don't care if it's only for a day. How would you like it if I called Admiral Ross and said, oh do me a favour. Please don't send my husband on any dangerous missions this month. It is from where I'm standing. My job is just as important to me as your job is to you. They're beautiful. Ah. That depends. Have you talked to Bajoran Freight and Shipping? Then I forgive you. But from here on in You'd better be. (She kisses him.) The flowers. And for being big enough to admit when you're wrong. (Doorbell.) The necklace?
Bajor, right? I thought you went to a conference in Rakantha. I've heard you talk that way before. You're serious. Sounds good to me. I could see you now, sitting in your rocking chair, watching the sunset over the mountains every night, wondering where you put your teeth. It's funny how thing's turn out, isn't it? Did you ever think that you would become so attached to Bajor that you'd want to spend the rest of your life there? Destiny. I guess when your mother turns out to be part prophet or part wormhole alien or whatever it is you want to call her, words like destiny begin to mean something. You don't just see a man. You see more than that. Do I act like it bothers me? I guess when you first told me about Sarah, I was a little surprised. All right, I was very surprised. But the more I thought about it, the more I realised what an amazing thing it was. Is. I do. And, part prophet or not, you're still my Benjamin and I love you. [Replimat] Ben, what are you doing up? Oh, it's coming along. If Worf is out there, she'll find him. It's going to be beautiful. It'll be a nice view. The Emissary's Special Reserve. Could be a big seller. Open it up. Who wants to be locked away cooking when you've got guests over? It's your house. Do you mean it? What do you think? What a beautiful ring. Yes. Yes, Mister Sisko. I will. [Runabout Ganda] (Still tumbling through the Badlands rapids, still one very nauseous pilot.) My mother would prefer for her daughter to be married by a minister. But an Admiral's the next best thing. About the guest list. I wanted to keep it small, just family and friends. That just leaves the menu. Just make sure he doesn't overcharge us. You tell me. You're the one who's been married before. People get carried away with weddings. I just want it to be nice and simple. Well, aren't you sweet. Who told you we were getting married? My what, honey? Well, er They are? Ben?
Well, my first and hopefully last, mission report for Starfleet Command. You know, when I first agreed to be convoy liaison officer, I thought sure, why not? I know most of the freighter captains in the convoy, should be a piece of cake. I didn't know I'd be making twenty log entries a day and filling out formal reports every night. Well, if you're going to do something, do it right. That's what my father used to say. That's why you're a good parent. You know all the clichés by heart. Well, hello stranger. Haven't seen you in days. I knew there was a reason why I didn't join Starfleet. I couldn't do this paperwork. There was a time when you couldn't get him to shut up. That's mean. No, you weren't. Chief? Can I ask you a personal question? Are you uncomfortable having me aboard the Defiant? I'm a civilian. Isn't it awkward having me aboard a warship? I was afraid you were going to say that. Don't worry about it. What happens when she runs out of the drug? Is there anything we can do? How's it going? I see. Is there anything I can do? Well. I guess I'll see you later. Right. [Ready room] Hey, yourself. Okay. Is it about me? Ah, that's a relief. Sounds good to me. But we'll talk about it over dinner. You cook.
Hello, Ben. I hope I'm not too late. Nice. Isn't that a coincidence? I have something for you, too. Oh, where did you find Tholian silk? It's not silk, but I think you'll like it. (A baseball cap.) It's from my brother's team. My brother says if you're ever on Cestus Three, he'll get you seats in the dugout. Eight weeks at maximum warp. If you ever decide to go, I'll take you there myself. As long as you don't mind travelling by freighter. (sees the table) Did you do this all yourself? So it's my heart you're after. In that case, maybe you could tell me what all those maintenance crews are doing in the docking ring. Now you are keeping a secret. Seems like everyone's got the Dominion on their minds these days. I hear the Cardassians have even sealed their borders. I'd say that's a good idea. I know you will. [Ops] This is the freighter Xhosa to Deep Space Nine. We're under attack by [Ops] Captain, I don't know what you said to those Klingons, but it must have been good. Everyone is fine. I appreciate that, Captain. I'll see you in about two weeks. Ben. I'm glad I caught you before you left. Less than an hour ago. Jake told me you were about to go off on some kind of mission. And you can't tell me about it. I'm leaving tomorrow. No. No, it's been terrible. I'm not even sure when I'll be back. Don't get killed.
Your daddy would be proud. How nice. It's getting better. It's Vic. Vic Fontaine. A gangster named Frankie Eyes took over his lounge. The whole place has changed and no one's sure how to change it back. What? I guess this sounds pretty silly to you. You have to understand, Vic isn't just another holosuite programme. He's more like a friend. Sure. How come you've never been to Vic's? I was only asking. There are times when I just can't figure you out. Believe that if you want to. [Holosuite- outside Vic's hotel suite] (Room 107 if you're interested.) Isn't that dangerous? And the countmen. Sure. Are you sure you didn't go to high school in Asheville, North Carolina? That's funny. You look just like the captain of our football team. I had such a crush on him. I knew it. You have the body of an athlete. [Holosuite - Las Vegas lounge] Of distracting the guard so that we can sneak someone into the countroom. I guess that means you're not going to wish me luck. You're supposed to help your friends when they're in trouble. And Vic, hologram or not, is in trouble. Not that I'd expect you to care. Then what is your problem? Maybe that's the way it was in the real Vegas, but that is not the way it is at Vic's. I have never felt uncomfortable there and neither has Jake. Baby, I know that Vic's isn't a totally accurate representation of the way things were, but it isn't meant to be. It shows us the way things could have been. The way they should've been. Going to Vic's isn't going to make us forget who we are or where we came from. What it does is it reminds us that we're no longer bound by any limitations, except the ones we impose on ourselves. [Holosuite- Vic's hotel suite] What about Worf? I go running up to the guard and tell him Chief O'Brien has stolen my chips. The sooner, the better. Better finish getting dressed. It's almost time. [Promenade] (Ocean's Eleven, sorry, Fontaine's Eight, head for Quarks.) [Quark's] Oh, nineteen. Let's if see you can beat that. (Dealer doesn't.) Twenty three. You're busted. (Bashir is playing poker and trying to be Sean Connery.) You have to help me. That man. That man right there. He stole a stack of my chips. Liar! I'm telling you, he took them. You're a thief! I am not. Not until I get my money! The money you stole. Liar. (The countman rushes out to the bathroom and Nog gets in safely.) [Holosuite- Countroom] (Odo morphs as Nog starts working the tumbler.) What are you standing around for? Arrest him! I told you he took two hundred dollars worth of chips from me. Don't believe him. And just what is that supposed to mean? You aren't going anywhere! Don't let him leave. But I wanted you to handle this. I needed that money to buy a gift for my mother. (Odo and Nog take a back way out. Kasidy leaves the guard.)
Oh, it's doing wonders for my head, but it's my stomach that's bothering me. Oh, that's two more months. I don't think I'm going to make it. Ben? Promise me something. Promise that you'll come home to us. I don't believe it No, it's not (Kasidy runs for the bathroom and the doorbell rings.) Reports of my death have been exaggerated. But not by much. Waiting for you to leave only makes me feel worse. If you're going to go, just go. Just hurry up and come back home. (Kasidy does the bathroom run again.) [Promenade] I've heard great things about Paris. Ben, what's wrong? Understand what? Go where? I'll go with you. Something's happened to Ben. Something bad. I can feel it. The Prophets warned us. [Limbo] Hello? Is anyone here? Ben? Is that you? Oh, Ben! I've been so worried about you. Where are we? This is scaring me. Let's go home. Why not? Oh, God. This is it, isn't it? The sorrow that the Prophets warned us about. What isn't? When will you be back? And I will be waiting. [Wardroom] I was talking to your father. [O'Brien's quarters] (The O'Brien's leaving a pile of packing crates. Miles spots the missing Colonel Travis on the floor as Minstrel Boy plays, and we are treated to a montage of memories. The Alamo model, the secret agent holoprogramme, putting his dislocated shoulder back, the tribbles, meals, racquetball, getting drunk with Julian.) [Promenade] (Martok goes into the airlock and Worf takes a last look around. He remembers his arrival on the station, the secret agent holoprogramme, making love to Ezri, fighting Gowron, hanging upside down with Ezri. Ezri waves goodbye from the upper level.) [Odo's quarters] (Odo gives Kira his old bucket, and remembers the plant he put in it, dancing at Vic's, the first kiss on the Promenade and when he morphed over her.) [Quark's] (Quark polishes glasses and remembers him and Odo stranded on the cold planet, Miles and Julian as Battle of Britain pilots, Rom pouring liquid in his ear, not catching a baseball, seeing Fontaine's Eight walk along the Promenade.) [Sisko's quarters] (Jake takes a model chair from the house that Sisko built, and remembers when his dad told him they were going to DS9, the hugs, the laughter, the solar- wind powered spaceship.) [Corridor]
Down to my ship. I have a meeting with my engineer. Go back to sleep. Oh, is that how you treat your staff? Let them wait around while you sleep in? You're not making this easy. You are evil. You're more like a parody of virtue. But we'll have to continue this debate another time. See you later. (Sisko pulls her pillow over and inhales her perfume, then swaps it for his own.) [Wardroom] Did you know you could smell that all the way down the corridor? Don't your neighbours ever complain? Oh, how sneaky of them. Not me. Sorry. No, Kavaria's out toward the Badlands. I try to stay away from there. You should ask Quark. I bet he knows someone who's been out that way. I guess it depends on how you define near. On my ship, Dreon's a long way from the Badlands. If you're really this interested in my flight plans, why don't you look them up. You are the Commander of the station, after all. What is going on here? Inspection? For what? None of my cargo came from Bajor. How long will this take? Six hours? We'll see about that. (She goes to a wall monitor) I'm sorry to bother you, Ben. Normally, I wouldn't do this, but It's this health inspection. They're telling me it's going to take six hours, but I need to make a rendezvous with a Tholian freighter in nine hours and you know how they are about punctuality. Ben, please. I promise to flood the entire cargo hold with baryon radiation as a precaution, but I need to go now or I'll lose [Captain's office] The entire consignment. Thanks, Ben. I owe you one. See you tomorrow. Miss me? Admit it. Without me, you cried yourself to sleep. Right on time. And thank you for bending the inspection rules for me. We'd have never made it without you. I promise. Yeah. Why? They really needed them. They've got some kind of viral infection on one of their colonies. In fact, I can't stay long. I'm supposed to make a run tonight. But I promise you can inspect the cargo ahead of time. Looks like it to me. I'll buy the hot dogs. But I'm only here for a few hours. Okay. [Captain's office] Any problems? I'll be right there. (Brathaw goes into the ship.) Good. Seven three Yankees. Did you come all the way down here for the score? Now? What about your station? I'm not sure the Tholians would agree. I don't think I can do that, Ben. I have a commitment to fulfill. But if you want to take a runabout and wait for me on Risa, I'll meet you there. Thanks. It as a tempting idea, Ben. I wish I could take you up on it. This is getting ridiculous. All right, let's send a coded message to (Alarm) Oh my God. (Sisko, Odo and two security beam in.) Ben, what are you doing here? We've been Ben, I I was supposed to meet a Maquis ship at these coordinates. I don't know anything about an attack on the station, and I doubt the Maquis would try. I didn't know you were following me, but after our last talk, I suspected that you might be out there. I was told that these medical supplies were urgently needed and that I had to be here no matter what. I tried to tell them that I'd made too many runs in the past few days, that I was just asking to get caught, but they wouldn't listen. I dropped my crew off at a Maquis base. I had to come back, but I didn't see any reason to drag them here just to face a prison sentence. Yes, I did. And I think we both know that's why you left us alone out there. To see if I would. I'm not going to stand here and apologise for what I did. You had your duty, I had mine. I know. And I know I'll probably going to prison. But I came back because of us. Because despite all that's happened, I still love you, Ben. I don't want to throw that away. Do you? I'll be back.
Do you mean it? Bajorans consider it good luck for a bride to wear a Navatan shawl. What's the matter? You don't like it? Then why the long face? Why do I have the feeling I'm not going to like this? Your mother? What did she want? Why? That almost sounds like a threat. What are you going to do? You're not answering my question. Then be with me, Ben. That's the last of it. Tell Kilby to start the final departure check. Ben, don't do this to me, not if you're going to change your mind again. Where? Thank you. I do. With this ring, I thee wed.
I'm pregnant. Of course I'm sure. Surprise. One of us Forgot our injection last month. You don't have to apologise. I'm glad you think so. I just keep thinking about the Prophets. They warned you that marrying me would bring you sorrow. I know we have. And I know that we said we wouldn't let the Prophets run our lives. But that was, that was before this. What if they were trying to tell you something? That something may happen to my baby? Are you sure? I hope you're right. A baby. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I don't know what you're so worried about, Ben. I'm not taking my ship anywhere near the Cardassian border. Ah, they've got to catch me first. No. I'm fearless, and you know that. That's why you love me. Who was who? (Sisko heads to the same door.) Ben, where are you going? (Sisko opens the door and walks through to) [New York Street] (Welcome to the 1950's as Sisko arrives in the middle of the street, missed by a bus and car and gets knocked down by a yellow cab. A crowd gathers.) Ben, are you all right? He's not going to need surgery again, is he? Me, too. It's times like these that I wish we'd never heard of the Dominion. [Benny's apartment] What is it, Ben? What's wrong? Ben? Ben.
Oh, music to my ears. Does this mean you missed me? Sweet words and flowers too? Are you feeling all right? I could get used to this. As a matter of fact, my next three cargo runs have been reassigned. Bureaucrats. Who knows why they do anything? So, what are we going to do with all my time off? I bet you do. Okay, relax. Keep your weight on the balls of your feet. Back elbow up. Yeah, good. [Quark's] (Quark's waiters are throwing mugs and cups down to him from the cafe level.) Oh, that's quite a knot. Your back is like a minefield of bruised muscles. Okay. You're lifting your foot at the plate. Okay, take a swing. (Sisko gets up and does as he's told.) Stop! Right there. Look. You're lifting your foot in the backswing. It's been messing up your whole rhythm. Not that bad. I know that look. It's the 'I'd really like to smash something but she'll think I'm crazy' look. Well, don't let me stop you. They're your quarters. Smash away if it'll make you feel better. So, do I get to hear the Solok story now? And before you say no you'd better consider the fact that if you don't tell me, you won't have a third baseman. And you'd had a few drinks Wrestling? And? Oh, Ben, I don't mean to laugh, but what did you expect? A Vulcan has three times the strength of a human. You don't mean he was gloating? A Vulcan? And now he comes to your station and announces that he's put together a baseball team. You should tell that to the Niners. They don't understand why you're so caught up in this. Just tell them the truth. They'll understand. They need to know how personal this is to you. All right, I promise. [Wardroom] He made me promise not to tell you, so you have to keep this under your hats. Well, he's embarrassed. He's calling it an adolescent rivalry, but Solok's the one that's kept this thing going. Niners. Hey, batter, batter, batter, batter. Strike him out. (It's out of the park.) Afraid so. Home, Worf! Bring it home! (Nog catches the ball as the Vulcan runs past him. We see that the Vulcan's foot does not actually touch home plate. Odo says nothing.) Okay, let's play ball. I'd say he succeeded. And a lot of bitterness.
Hello, Ben. Jake said I could find you here. (Sisko kisses her.) Er, no, not at all. I'm just a little surprised. I didn't know you'd be happy to see me. I don't know. I just got here. Right now? Not a clue. I'm not even sure where I'm staying yet. They're still available? Ben, I've missed you. Somehow I don't think you'll take no for an answer. [Caves] (They beam into darkness and turn on their torches.) Oh, we must be two hundred metres underground. I don't want to be negative, Ben, but this doesn't look like a lost city to me. Oh, what's the matter? Or obsessing over an ancient Bajoran city? Is that a side effect, too? What is it? Ben, it's a wall of stone. I cannot believe what I'm hearing. Listen to yourself, Ben. Sitting there, telling us that this mystical journey of yours is more important than watching your son grow up. Look at the face of your son now and then tell me you're doing the right thing. (Doorbell) Ready for what? What are you suggesting, Major? We stand around and let him die? It's about jambalaya. Welcome back. To both of us. Ben, I can't say I understand what you've gone through. I know you feel you've lost something important and maybe you have. But believe me, you've held on to something important as well. (And they all join hands.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
