Hey, Seven. Okay. You mean, where am I from? Well, I was born in South Carolina, but I grew up in I've dabbled in quite a few. Tennis, Pareses Squares, but my favourite is volleyball. Looks like a Mutara class nebula with a few trace constituents that aren't in our database, but they're showing up in minute quantities. I'm detecting a slight radioactive field. It's oh, oh. Nothing. It's just a headache coming on. Yeah, maybe so. There are things that can go wrong. At least, that's what I've read. Come on, Tom. Sleepy time. Should we replicate you a teddy bear? Help, Seven, I need help. It doesn't matter. You won't make it. (Kim has radiation burns.) That's an eternity. You can try to shut me out, but it won't work. I didn't know she was still on board. And then everybody will die. I'll lay odds she can't. That's an eternity. She's got herself a real problem now. But that would mean sacrificing some of the crew. Look at that. She did it.  Neelix, this soup is great. What is it? Seven. I'm surprised to see you here. Yeah. What was that like, anyway, just the two of you? What do you mean? Were you locked in dark closets or something as a child?
Well, can it wait? I just got off duty. It looks to me like you aligned the power couplings perfectly. If you're so sure then why'd you need me to look at them? Then what's this all about? Intimate. What's going on? In Sickbay? How long? Oh, I had nightmares all right. Well, I was in the corridor (Seven enters.) No. I, er, I'm still feeling a little groggy. You know what, Doc, I'm famished. Haven't eaten in at least seventeen hours, right? I'll see you later. You too, Seven. [Mess hall] I do look well-rested, don't I? The Doc checked us all out, He says we're fine. Oh, it was nothing very interesting. Just the usual, you know. The woman of my dreams. What I'd like to know is what Tuvok dreamt about. Aren't you supposed to have horrible nightmares? We're being hailed. I don't understand. They exist in dreams and reality. What the hell are you doing? The aliens must have transported him somewhere. That's ridiculous. We're not asleep. JANEWAY: Wait. Three games in a row. We were hoping it would wear us out.
Come on, Tom, The man's not a day over one forty. We know you were at least a hundred when you joined Starfleet the second time, so I'm guessing you're around one thirty three? Don't tell me Vulcans are embarrassed about their age. I've got a fleet of ships two hundred thousand kilometres dead ahead. Negative. I'm counting sixty two ships and a few hundred pieces of ships. All dead in space. We're being hailed. It's just an old rust bucket. I have? Here's the reason. Another damaged power cell. Alice? How about The Lost Cause? All right, Alice it is. Try it again. A little snug. There's not much in it. Just a few schematics. Looks like somebody tried to wipe the database. What's it like? We just blew out two more power cells. Look, we're both tired. Why don't we call it a night, come back fresh tomorrow? You can get a couple more hours in. I'm going to bed. Tom. Who are you talking to? Next question. What are you wearing? For a minute, I thought you were changing Captain Proton's look. Chapter thirty seven. No problem. I've got another hour on the holodeck. That's what you said yesterday. So does Arachnia.  Power fluctuation's down to four point seven percent. Looks like Abaddon's regulators might work out after all, Bad day at the office? So he tells me. I wouldn't take it personally. The Ferengi call it the Five Stages of Acquisition. Infatuation, Justification, Appropriation, Obsession, and Resale. Seems like you only got one stage left before he loses interest in that ship and he's all yours again. That's within parameters. Whoever it was tried to cover his tracks by rerouting power from adjacent cells. Should we tell Tuvok? Too late, he's out. (Alice flies away.)KIM: His shields are up. I can't get a transporter lock.  He's coming about. He's gone to warp. Six million kilometres. It's Tom. He's headed right for the anomaly. No, ma'am, not with those multiphasic shields in place.  He's not responding. We've got ten minutes until he reaches the particle fountain. Problem is, Tom and Alice would detect it. They'd compensate.  We're four minutes away. There's too much interference from the particle fountain. We've got him.
Then we'll bring scanning equipment down and investigate for ourselves. I will make a full report to our Captain. I'm sure you'll be hearing from her. Bridge to the Captain. Aye, Captain. And Captain, the implant also contains a homing beacon which we'll be able to pick up no matter how far into the sanctuary you go. Just tap it like a comm. badge and we'll transport you immediately.
Cliff-hangers. Aye, Captain. We're receiving a transmission. It's Chaotica. You'll never get away with this. He's charging the weapon. Direct hit. We lost both engines. We're going down! Opening hatch. What's the plan? Hey, I thought you said there were slave girls in this chapter. I'm right behind you. [Holodeck - Planet X]  Planet X looks kind of familiar. What was the last place we went to? They're identical. And how are we supposed to get up there? Right.  (The ground shakes.) I thought you said there was no volcano. Er, Tom. (A bright red light is shining purple rays into the monochrome holoprogramme.) Computer, end programme. We need to find the manual overrides. Buddy of yours? Well, you better think of something fast, Proton. A second distortion just appeared. Whatever they are, they're getting bigger. There's a third one.(Paris beams himself and Kim into a corridor.) [Astrometrics lab] I'm not reading any other ships in the area. There's a programme running. It's Captain Proton. Negative. Control systems still malfunctioning. Can you tell where it's coming from? Chaotica's Death Ray. Let's see if we can get a look inside his Fortress, find out what he's up to. I don't get it. Chaotica was supposed to be fighting Earth in this chapter. The Fifth Dimension. It was just supposed to be a little harmless entertainment. Kim to Sickbay. Report to holodeck two, Doctor. Check. Check. What about your historical study? The final chapter, huh? Mister President. How'd it go? He agreed? Well, I guess the Captain ran into some trouble. We just dropped out of range. We're losing altitude. [Bridge]
We're in some kind of gravimetric gradient. It's pulling us toward the planet. (Energy plays over Voyager's hull.) [Planet surface - early culture] (The locals have long greasy hair and are dressed in skins. One of the places a fruit on an altar, then the I localised the source of the transmission to a subcontinent in the southern hemisphere. How do you know that? And all the best places to eat? So is this Central Protectorate a good place to send the Doctor? Hmm. Well, just to be on the safe side, I'll find him an isolated spot. [Transporter room] I'm scanning within a one hundred kilometre radius of where we sent him. Nothing. Increasing radius to one thousand kilometres. Got him. B'Elanna, stand by for the coordinates. Captain, I'm picking up a ship at docking port one. It just appeared there. I don't know what's causing it. There's nothing on sensors. The torpedoes are being fired at three day intervals. They're making refinements each time, increasing the detonation yield. Captain, the transporters are offline. The docking port hasn't been hit yet. A tricobalt device. Based on his descent velocity, he landed about ten minutes ago. They're pulling us away from the planet.
There's too much atmospheric radiation from weapons fire. We can't Aye, Captain.
 I'm trying to access Sickbay. The relays aren't responding. I'm losing the interface. Reset the power cell. Come on! Long time no see. I go by Harry now. It's a long story. Where's your mobile emitter? No time. The emitter. Here. Slap it on. Ket's go. Did you see that? I think our drone did a little too much celebrating. Speaking of which, when are you going to join the party? You're running a warp core diagnostic now? A what? Point four two? So it'll be a bumpy ride. We've flown through worse. Did you tell the Captain? Tom, if it'll make you feel better, we'll go to the holodeck right now, run a few more simulations. It's probably just a sensor glitch. [2375 Holodeck - Bridge] Engaging Slipstream Drive. Quantum field is stable, deflector at maximum. Shields down to seventy three percent. We've got a phase variance. Point one, point two. No effect. Point four. No, wait. I want to try to invert the Quantum field. We're losing structural integrity. One more time. I think if we reroute emergency power to the deflector a little earlier Computer, restart simulation at time index We can't just give up. I've got an idea. It's tricky, but I think it could work. The trouble begins about seventeen seconds into the flight. The phase variance kicks in and the Slipstream becomes unstable. What we need is someone in a shuttle to ride the rapids in front of Voyager. Now, here's the tricky part. The shuttle will only be a couple of seconds ahead of Voyager. That doesn't give auto-navigation much time to compensate. We can do this, Captain. Put me on that shuttle. I'll get Voyager through the Slipstream. What choice do we have? Take the drive offline? Months of work for nothing? The benamite crystals at the heart of this engine have already started to decay. It could take years to synthesise more. I don't know about the rest of you, but I didn't do all this work just to be stopped by a point four two phase variance. No offence, Captain. Yes, ma'am. Give or take a few weeks. Except for us, dead. They've been buried inside a glacier for the past fifteen years. (Now they are taking off their thermal suits, we get a look at the older Kim and Chakotay. Chakotay's hair has long silver streaks at the temples. Kim has just a few strands of silver. Their hair styles are subtly different, too.) All the way back to Earth. We got home, Doc, and all it took was killing everyone we cared about. Starfleet. Starfleet gave up their search for Voyager over nine years ago. We had to find you on our own. You see Doc, fifteen years ago, I miscalculated the Slipstream threshold and transmitted the wrong phase corrections to Voyager. Boom! They were knocked out of the Slipstream and sent to an icy death. Thank you, Ensign Kim. But I've had a long time to rethink my mistake, and now I know how to fix it. So, we're going to send Voyager a new set of phase corrections. Better late than never. I told you he'd come in handy. Behold. Salvage component three six six nine eight. A Borg temporal transmitter. We stole it. (Tessa enters.) The Galaxy's most wanted. We stole the Delta Flyer too, right out of a Federation shipyard. We're wanted on two counts of high treason and conspiracy to violate the Temporal Prime Directive. I've told her a few horror stories. They're having sex. Chakotay and Tess. They're a couple, joined at the hip. Stay warm. [2390 Frozen Bridge] Got to go. Oh, nothing. Letter to a friend. How's it look? Way ahead of you, Doc. Antimatter fireworks, long-winded dignitaries, a Vulcan children's choir. Oh, we got medals pinned to our tunics. Chakotay gave a speech commemorating the Voyager crew. Brought a tear to everyone's eye. Admiral McIntyre even wanted me to marry his daughter. You don't know how many times I wished I was. Survivor guilt. Yeah, I heard a lot about that from the counsellors back at Headquarters. You must learn to accept the fact that you lived. Embrace life, move forward. I signed on at the first deep space vessel I could find. We tried to calculate where Voyager might have fallen out of the slipstream. Four years of searching. We were close, I could feel it! Then Starfleet Command said it was time to end the search. Low probability of success. All those admirals who shook my hand at the homecoming. I went to see every last one of them, begged them to keep the search alive. Pretty soon even Admiral McIntyre stopped returning my calls. So I resigned from Starfleet. Could be our lucky number. I'm encoding it now. The second I heard about this little gem. (The temporal transmitter.) This timeline only exists because I made a mistake fifteen years ago. The crew trusted in me and I let them down.  They've found us. Chakotay. Starfleet's on an intercept course. It's now or never. If you're having doubts let me know. I'll take your programme offline. But if you're with us, we tempt fate together. Online. Stable. Secure. Salami sandwiches. Yes, sir.  The Borg transmitter's online but I'm still waiting for the Doctor to give me the temporal coordinates. I don't mean to be a pest, but we're losing power back here!  Thank you. Doc, I need those temporal coordinates now! We're on it, Captain. Okay, I can do this. I'm compensating for the spatial gradients. Deflector geometry stable. Got it! [2375 Bridge] I'm not sure, Captain. It should be working. Let me try recalibrating the sensors. [2375 Bridge] KIM This is no ordinary phone call, Doc, We're talking to yesterday. Timing is everything. I want to make sure Seven of Nine gets the information at just the right moment. There. I'm bringing up the new phase corrections. This was where I failed fifteen years ago, Doc. This time will be different. [2375 Bridge] Alter our Slipstream course. We've got to go back. What are you saying? We've got to find them!  We're still here. Why are we still here? The new phase corrections didn't work. If Voyager had gotten through safely, we wouldn't still be here trying to save them. The transmitter's functioning. Seven must have received our message. Chakotay, problems. [2390 Delta Flyer]  Acknowledged. That's not going to help if we don't know what to tell them. The Slipstream kinetics look right. Hyperdimensional progressions, perfect. Maybe it's the deflector geometry. [2390 Delta Flyer] Great, just great! It took me ten years to make these corrections. I can't fix it in three minutes! I can't! It's not working. Why won't it work? I killed them! They trusted me, and I killed them! Don't you see? History's repeating itself! I destroyed Voyager once, and I'm doing it again! It can't be done, Doc. I told you. Yes. Yes! I could send a phase correction which would disperse the Slipstream entirely. It's losing power. Your emitter. It's got its own power source. It's our only chance. Glad you could join us, Doc. Chakotay, I'm giving this one more try. Yes!  (The Delta Flyer goes KaBOOM!) [Bridge] Our comm. system's back up. [Bridge] KIM  Captain, I didn't send any corrections to Seven of Nine. [Bridge]  No, ma'am. Captain's log, supplemental. Our Slipstream flight may have been brief, but it took nearly ten years off our journey. I've given the order to dismantle the Quantum Drive until the technology can be perfected. Despite the setback, we have a renewed sense of momentum. It no longer seems a question of if we get home, but when. [Mess hall] No. I just came here to try to figure things out. The corrections I sent you were wrong. If you had used them, Voyager would have been heavily damaged, maybe even destroyed. What I can't figure out is who sent the other phase corrections to Seven of Nine. Oh, I wish I could believe that. Captain? I'm telling you, I didn't send it. Wait a second. If I sent a message from the future and changed the past, then that future would no longer exist, right? So, how could I have sent the message in the first place? Am I making any sense? Hello, Harry. I don't have much time, so listen to me. Fifteen years ago, I made a mistake and one hundred and fifty people died. I've spent every day since then regretting that mistake, but if you're watching this right now, that means all of that has changed. You owe me one. Got to go. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Who left their dirty plate in the replicator? Tom? It's a biohazard. If I ever volunteer for a two week away mission again, would somebody please confine me to Sickbay? Nothing personal, Commander. The bonding stopped when the sonic shower went offline. I wouldn't want to bunk with them, either. I'm not going away for a long, long time. Let's just say I'm looking forward to a hot shower and a comfortable bed. I've never been claustrophobic before. Do you know what could have caused it? I had work to do. There was a plasma leak on deck five. But I You win. I guess I am pretty tired. [Mess hall] (A kettle whistles, and Neelix nearly jumps out of his skin whilst holding a large knife. Then he sees what When I was in the Jefferies tube I heard weapons fire, screams. People were screaming. I got so frightened. I, I don't know. The Nakan. They were called the Nakan. Why couldn't they just do what they were told? It was for their own good. He was in charge of our unit. We were part of an attack force. That's right. It was night, oh two hundred hours. The Nakan are unarmed. They won't put up a fight. We were rounding up the Nakan. To be honest, I expected them to give us a little more trouble. We didn’t have any other choice. They were wiping us out! I ran too. Sounds of phaser fire. People shouting. I had to get out of there. [Cavern] (Kim crawls through a narrow tunnel in to the cavern. There is a kettle on a stove, and some food on a plate. He hears a noise and knocks over a wall of barrels to reveal two Move where I can see you! Move! Tell me how I can get out of these tunnels and I'll leave you alone. Tell me! He was going to kill me. They wouldn't listen! Why? Why wouldn't they listen? Looks the same as it did a few days ago when we scanned for dilithium deposits. Hold on. I'm picking up a power signature. I can't tell. The signal's erratic, but it's coming from the northernmost continent. Coordinates one seven two mark five. [Transporter room] Those trees weren't here. The tunnel. It's nearby. The one where I, er There was a rock formation. It hid the opening.JANEWAY: I, I, I can't! Did they have the right to force us to relive all that? It wasn't our fault!
Looks like a vampire bat. You can make out the wings, even the ears. What do you see, Tuvok? Yes, ma'am. All decks report shutdown complete, Captain. The nebula's beginning to destabilise. I'm not sure. It could have something to do with the nadion emissions being produced by the Bussard Collectors. [Cargo Bay two] Increasing power to structural integrity. Kim to Engineering. I want everyone to report to their stations until we figure out This is your post. You may be needed here. What did you do that for? And what gave you that idea? Trust me, there are no aliens roaming the corridors. It's just a power failure. What who sometimes does? How long has it been since you've run into anyone else? Well, there's no one on the bridge either. Slow down. There was an environmental failure on the bridge. That's why it's been evacuated. I don't know what happened in Sickbay, or on decks three and four, but I'm sure there's a perfectly reasonable explanation. Ah ha. No one's been assimilated. They've probably set up a temporary command post, most likely in Engineering. That's where I'm going. Of course. What? Neelix? I shouldn't have ordered him to stay in the mess hall. Sorry, Captain, I know it's irritating. I'll try to shut it down. Captain, Astrometrics is flooded with nebular gas. He'll have to wait. We're abandoning ship. [Corridor] NEELIX
 Computer, one dozen Broadway lilies. I already ate. A friend. Aren't you due on the bridge? Heard about your little traffic accident. If you'll excuse me, I'm late for a moonlight stroll. Not with your driving record. A captain is only as good as his crew. Sometimes, during the night watch, with the timbers creaking and the dark water stretching out as far as the eye can see, you can believe you're the only man in the world. Oh, believe me, I do. As often as I think of you. Of course. If you promise to hold mine back. I thought you were promised to Ray Euan. Please. Is that a trick question? (Maggie changes into a cow.) Ha, ha, very funny. I could have been trampled. All right, all right. You've had your fun. Now change her back. Hey, what about Maggie? As I recall, everything was fine until someone started turning people into cows. Tom. I've isolated the damaged subroutines. His perceptual filters are malfunctioning. There. Look at these. Those are the algorithms designed to keep him oblivious to anything outside the programme's parameters. Give me a minute. That should do it. Tell him he's got one. Yeah. Unfortunately it looks like all the other characters have the same malfunction. If we reactivate the programme, use the primary control port in Sullivan's pub, we could reset all the perceptual filters with a single command sequence. (Michael is listening carefully.) We'll have to reprogramme Michael when we do the others. Got it. These resequenced algorithms should do the trick. We should just tell them the truth. Those are the devices that will allow us to leave. You just put them on our coats and we'll be on our way. I didn't think you'd ever speak to me again.
Kim to Seven of Nine. Any chance you could increase radiogenic resolution in the long range sensors? [Astrometrics lab] KIM Not exactly flying colours. What about Astrometrics? Looks like you could use some improvement yourself, Seven.
One. It's Ocampan. Hull breach on deck nine. Captain, a transporter was activated just before impact. She's Unknown. Hull breach, section twenty. Forcefields are not holding. Maybe we outran them. We could send a shuttle ahead. One of the vacuoles shifted position. The computer's adjusting our vector. It's Ocampan. Hull breach on deck nine. Tachyons? We've lost warp drive and weapons. I'm trying. They keep matching the frequencies. We've been locked out of that system. The command relays have been fused. We're being boarded.  We've got weapons back. Not at this range. We'd breach the upper hull.  Hull polarity loosened their hold, but not by much.  We're breaking free. One. It's Ocampan. (Janeway turns and looks at Tuvok.) Captain, a transporter was activated just before impact. She's beamed aboard. I'm reading bulkhead ruptures on deck eleven, section seventeen, eighteen, nineteen.
The alien ship is entering visual range, Captain. The shuttle is hailing us, Captain. Channel open.
I know how they feel. B'Elanna, I've been talking with some of the Starfleet crew. They're not happy about what happened. I was wondering, how are the Maquis taking it? Then why don't we do something about it? I don't know. It seems like we shouldn't just accept this.  Captain Tuvok? I'm picking up a convoy on long-range sensors. It's Vidiian, sir. Approximately one point five light years. Sir, the Vidiians. They're within hailing range. We could ask them if they know anything about the Captain's illness. Yes, but it's not like we went out of our way to find them. We would just be taking advantage of an opportunity that's presented itself. Sir, how can we turn our backs on this chance to do something? Don't we have to try? Don't we owe that to the Captain and the Commander? What's wrong with the rest of you? You know I'm right. We have a chance to help them. How can we ignore that? Sure. Have a seat. That's what I think, but Captain Tuvok's made his decision. Two ensigns and a crewman won't change his mind. Really. Come on. (They go to Torres' table.) Did you hear what happened this morning? Three weeks ago, you said if I had an idea about what to do, you'd listen. Have a seat, Neelix. We might have come up with the biggest morale booster you could possibly imagine. [Tuvok's quarters] Can I have a moment, sir? Yes, sir, but this is important. First of all, I want to apologise for my behaviour yesterday. I'd like to suggest a plan. It's something a lot of people have helped to develop. We have two big bargaining points when it comes to dealing with the Vidiians. First, there's the woman Doc treated, Denara Pel. They were very close, so I'm sure she'd help us if she could. And then there's B'Elanna. Her DNA might lead to a cure for the phage. We could offer them some, in exchange for their help with a cure for the Captain and Chakotay. Sir, I think you should know how many people on this ship disagree with you. Everyone I talk to thinks we should give this a try. But if we're willing to take that risk in order to help the Captain Yes, sir. [Outside the shelter] (Chakotay is smoothing some wood.)  Sir, the Vidiians are hailing us. I have them, sir. Approximately twenty hours. Got something. Vidiian ship, bearing three two five mark five. They aren't responding. Trying on alternating frequencies. I've got it. Now a third. None of them are answering hails and their weapons are powered. Shields down to fifty eight percent. Firing. Torpedoes armed. Aye, sir. [Engineering] Firing torpedo. (KaBOOM.) The Vidiian ships are all disabled, sir. They're not pursuing.
I'm really not interested. You were about to try to sell me something, right? And you happen to have several to choose from? We were warned about the Ferengi at the Academy. That's right. What I meant was My name? Kim, Harry Kim. But I You know, I think a memento for my parents would be a great idea. Really. What are these? It would make a great pendant for my mother. Cufflinks. Great idea. How much for the entire tray? Thanks. Er, I haven't paid my respects to the Captain yet either.  What was that all about? Thank you, sir. I'm sorry, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. (Rear of the bridge, on the right as we view it.) Thrusters ready. Is it true? They said you falsified reports. Why? But then you came forward and you admitted that it was your fault? It must have been especially tough for you, being the son of an admiral. I don't need anyone to choose my friends for me. Captain, I'm reading a coherent tetryon beam scanning us. I'm not sure. There's also a displacement wave moving toward us. It's some kind of polarised magnetic variation. The graviton field had no effect. The wave will intercept us in twelve seconds. Five seconds. Three. (Cavit is sent flying across the bridge as the wave hits. White out. The bridge is a mess with broken conduits and shorting cables. Janeway checks Cavit for a pulse. Nothing.) Hull breach, deck fourteen. Comm. lines to Engineering are down. Trying to re-establish. Captain, there's something out there. I don't know. I'm reading. I'm not sure what I'm reading. I'm trying. (A space station with four arms upper and lower, and two larger ones centre, appears on screen. It is firing energy pulses in one direction, away from Voyager.) Captain, if these sensors are working, we're over seventy thousand light years from where we were. We're on the other side of the galaxy. (After Voyager moves in closer to the station and finds the little Maquis ship, the dead and injured are being stretchered off the bridge.) I'm not reading any life signs on the Maquis ship. Our sensors can't penetrate it. Massive bursts of radiant energy. They seem to be directed toward a nearby G-type star system. No response from the array.  Computer, initiate Emergency Medical Holographic programme. (A balding human male appears.) Multiple percussive injuries. He's dead. Trianoline? That could be a problem. We're pretty far away from replacements right now. (The EMH gives one man a hypo then hands it to Kim.) There's no indication of stable matter. All this must be some kind of holographic projection. What's down there? Paris, she's only a hologram. Whoa. Sporocystian life signs. What's in the barn? There is a life form here. Just one. It's everywhere. I'm also reading some kind of matrix-processing device. It may be the holographic generator. Paris, humanoid life signs over here. I'm reading a Vulcan and several humans. What am I doing here? Where am I? Ill? No, no. There's some mistake. I'm not (He sees growths on his forearm and chest.) It's okay. It's okay. My name is Kim. Harry Kim. I'm an ensign on the Starship Voyager. I was kidnapped from the array just like you were. I don't know where we are. We were looking for you, actually. One minute we're in the Badlands, the next Yeah. Consider yourself captured. Oh, I know I have a phaser here somewhere. There's no point. It's locked. Hey! Hey, hey, hey. What's that going to accomplish? Look, do you want them to sedate you again? What's your name, Maquis? What's wrong with us? What are these things? We're underground. The Warming? (A crowd gathers.) Is this how the Caretaker communicates with you? (The eating area has large picture windows showing different scenes - sunset, clouds, waterfall.) I'm curious to know how you've interpreted the Caretaker's reason for sending us here. Look, I'm sure Captain Janeway is doing everything she can to find us. Should I call for some help? Appreciate this, but the only way we're going to survive is if we can get to the surface and find our own people. Power supply. Nobody knows why? How? Please. It's our only chance.  [Sickbay] (The EMH is treating the young girl's bruises.) I'm sorry. Maybe I'd do better if I had a little Klingon blood in me. You know, I spent my whole life getting ready for Starfleet. And on my very first mission, I'm going to die. Sneezy? You went to the Academy. You know, I never really liked Zakarian. Took you long enough. Friend? What makes you think I'm your friend? I don't know, Doc. It's my first mission. (Chakotay, Torres and Kim leave.) Aye, Captain.  [Barn] (Owls hoot and dogs bark.) Voyager to Janeway. We've got problems here.  [Bridge] (There is a massive vessel out there, beating little Voyager up.) The Kazon just got some back up. We'll do our best. Kim out.  [Maquis ship] (Watching Voyager being hit.) Channel open. They're increasing fire, Captain. Shields are holding. The lead Kazon ship is hailing us.
 Game. What kind of stakes? Wait a minute. Are you saying he deliberately let me win? I won that game, and I'll beat you again. A week's worth. I'm in too. Very funny. Two, by my count. Ten percent of the day's action. The only one who wins every day is you. Thanks a lot. [Brig]
We're picking up thousands of subspace transmissions, all encrypted differently. Harry Kim. Welcome aboard Voyager. Er, if you'd like to see the rest of the ship, I'd be happy to give you a tour. I didn't order Red alert, Captain. The command originated in Astrometrics. Doctor, you're receiving a transmission.
Nothing out of the ordinary. Hydrogen, helium, space dust. Unknown. We're caught in some kind of subspace sinkhole. It's pulling us in. We're clear. Captain to the bridge. [Bridge] I'm only going to say this one more time. Disengage your tractor beam, sir. (The alien on the viewscreen is the same race as the ones who attacked Noss.) We appreciate your help, but we didn't ask for. Captain, this is Mister Yost. Captain to the bridge. [Bridge]  They've started ahead of schedule. No response to our hails, Captain. I've opened a channel.  We've got them. Welcome back. Who?
They're in visual range. None. Negative. The plasma network is stable. This wasn't caused by any power surge or system failure. Commander. (There is some residue on the deck plating.) Shields at seventy nine percent. Direct hit to the EPS manifold. Main power just went down. Done. Forcefields have been restored but I don't know how long they'll hold.  Captain, someone's accessing the transporter system from deck five. I can't. They're overriding my commands with Borg encryption codes. (The Alpha and 8472 are beamed away.) 8472 and the Hirogen, they've been beamed to one of the attacking ships.
In six years I've never been on an away mission worse than this one. And my stomach is crammed with alien parasites doing backflips. You insisted I try it. I didn't hear you insisting that Commander Chakotay try it. It was made from meat? I'm going to be sick. What is it? Oh, it smells worse than the meat nectar. I'll wait for the Doctor to treat me. At least I'll be sleeping in my own bed tonight. On our way. [Delta Flyer - cockpit] So much for my own bed. [Engineering] (The EMH has red shoulders on his uniform. The ECH has been activated, and is trying to repair Voyager..) Take it easy, Doc. It's us. It wasn't easy picking up your homing signal. What about the rest of the crew? Kim to Doctor. Report to Astrometrics. I've scanned ships and planets in eighty three systems. No humans, no Vulcans, no Bolians. I've already done that. I appreciate your input, Doc, but I didn't call you down here to help me scan. I'm still feeling kind of queasy from that nectar. Whatever you did hasn't worked. Maybe all those command subroutines are compromising your medical abilities. Kim to Chakotay.  I've found them, Commander. They're on an M class planet. At maximum warp, we can be there in less than three days. [Bridge] There's no way to beam them through the shield grid. Here you go, Doc. A sub-dermal transponder. It will allow us to maintain an open comm. link so we can transport you through the shield grid if there's trouble. Aye, sir. Excuse me? A few words to the computer and this Ensign can delete those subroutines. Oh, my ego? Acknowledged. [Street]  Sorry, Commander, we're under attack. I had to raise shields. (Voyager leaves orbit with two ships in pursuit.) [Sickbay] How'd he do that? Good work. Let's go back for Chakotay. What's your tactical database telling you now? Agreed. [Bar] Are you okay, Commander?  We're eight light years away. Have you located anyone else from the crew? How is she? We need [Bridge] A couple more days to finish repairs. What about the shield grid? Understood. Good luck, Commander. You do have a knack for tactical planning. You don't like the idea of going back to your old job now that you've had a taste of command. No offence, Doc, but that skill was programmed into you. I'm sure once you're back to your old self, you'll be happy being a full-time doctor again. Commander Chakotay's hailing us. We're receiving you, sir. Go ahead. What's your status? [Quarren Medical Facility] We have it, Commander. Captain? Yes, ma'am. Where's Commander Chakotay? Will you help us? [Bridge] So much for evading their sensors. Any advice from your tactical database? How many escape pods do we have left? Stand by to eject three of them. Neither do I. Can you create a dampening field around the briefing room that'll mask our lifesigns? Watch and learn. (Coyote tractors the escape pods.) B'Elanna, I need those transporters. [Power Distribution Plant] B'Elanna? What'll happen to the workers?  Captain on the bridge. (Janeway takes her seat.)
Senior officers to the bridge. [Bridge] You won't be disappointed. We've got level nine gravimetric distortions closing on our position. If it gets any closer the gravimetric stresses are going to rip the plating off our hull. Their shields have weakened but they're still holding. The comm. link is still active. [Delta Flyer] Sounds like this anomaly's gotten around.  Captain, the anomaly just made another course change, point zero zero three degrees. We know it has a taste for electromagnetic energy. An energy burst from a pulsar, a neutrino cloud. The anomaly's heading right for it. I've lost the signal. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] We could install the same shielding on a class two shuttle and take it in. You'll never be able to get it all the way through to the core. They're approaching the perimeter. Two thousand metres, eighteen hundred.
Captain, I'd like to come with you. I was very close to Lyndsay, and if somehow it's her, I'll know. [Sickbay] That's exactly what happened. I tried to get Lyndsay back to Voyager but she was already dead. We buried her in space. Just to make you look like one of them? Captain, could you give us a minute? So it's really you? Actually, I've taken up the saxophone. You always were my biggest fan. Sorry. This is a little strange for me.  Deck two. List? Like showing up for duty shifts on time?  There you go. Tuvok thought I should recycle everything, but I just couldn't bring myself to do it. Do you know how long it took me to fold those? What's that supposed to mean? I'm tidy. When you live across the hall from a slob. It's nothing. I gave the eulogy at your funeral. Absolutely not. I told them you had a favourite saying. Something you got from an old Klingon battle cry? I said that you always believed in attacking each day, possessing it, and that that was what made you so much fun to be around. I said that if you'd been there, you would have told them to own that day. To attack it, make it their own, and plan to do the same thing tomorrow. You were a strong person. But you didn't. Is there any way to reverse it? That's what I'm here for. (The EMH gives her a hypospray, and her skin starts to turn pink.) See for yourself. [Mess hall] It was number six on her list. Seems fine to me. Actually, I'm taking Lyndsay skating. Don't start. We're friends, just like before. All right. Maybe there was a time when I thought of pursuing Lyndsay, but I closed the door on that when we both got assigned to Voyager. You look great. Well, are you feeling human enough for a little skating? Who with? In six years, I have never been invited to the captain's quarters for dinner. Lyndsay Ballard, beloved friend and crewman. Does that sound right? For your eulogy. Does that sound okay? I couldn't save you before, Lyndsay. What makes you think I can save you now? (There is Kobali male there.) B'Elanna told me you did great in Engineering. Didn't sound so simple to me. I'm sure it was just your imagination. I used to get pretty nervous around her, too. Don't worry. I'm sure she didn't take it personally. Hey. I know this isn't easy, but I'll help you through this. You really don't have any idea, do you? Think about it. I rearranged my schedule at the Academy just so we'd be in the same classes. I let you teach me how to skate even though I hate the cold. I'm crazy about you. I have been since the day we met. I was never good at public speaking, remember, but I figure, how often do you get a second chance? Which is why I'd very much like to kiss you now. You don't have to see him, you know. They can't make you. You had no right to tamper with her remains. You mutilated her. Thanks to what you did to her. So I was giving some thought to number thirty two, make Tuvok laugh? He has this holoprogramme, The Temple of T'Panit. I thought we might tweak it so that instead of Vulcan prayers, the monks recite Ferengi limericks? You're not laughing. I can't believe he had the nerve to call himself your father. I'll bet Professor Ballard would have had something to say about that. Your dad. Doesn't he teach at some university? Let's get down to the holodeck. We've got some monks to tweak. What's wrong?(Ballard's skin turns grey.) [Sickbay] Why did she start to revert all of a sudden? I'm here to ask you to stop the treatments. You'll look Kobali again? So what? I thought you were cute bald. I don't care if you're human, Kobali or Bolian, I just want you to be happy. Are you saying Tuvok and Neelix don't fit in? Wherever they come from, they're part of this crew now. Just like you. You don't honestly believe that. What about us? Don't listen to her, Captain. She's not well. She doesn't know what she's saying. I'm detecting power fluctuations in the lead vessel's warp drive. A polaron burst could overload the core. They're not leaving us much choice. Captain, I can fire that polaron burst myself. We can't just let them take her. I don't want to lose you.  Vien'ke debala, Jhet'leya. I taught myself to say a few words in Kobali. I guess I'd better work on my pronunciation. I'm sorry you didn't get to finish everything on your list. It belonged to a friend of mine. Would you like it? I think she'd be happy knowing I gave it to someone with such pretty hair. Have you ever heard of The Temple of T'Panit? It's a Vulcan programme. Don't worry, we'll make a few tweaks. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Sure. I'd be happy to help. Well, if we're done for the night, maybe we could go get something to eat. So, I guess it'll just be the three of us. So what exactly is this big surprise? What happened to the tables and chairs? Maybe later. (Kim goes to sit next to Jessen. They are all listening to a man running his fingers over a large hemisphere in a piece of carved wood, similar in size and shape to a ukulele.) I know B'Elanna and I trust her. It can't hurt to listen.
That was me. I keep hearing my mother say, practice, Harry, practice. So I ate Neelix's food for a week and used my replicator rations. Well, I've only had it for a few days, and I don't think Different? Why? Something bothering you, Paris? What's new? What's new? Kes! In your arms? Paris, you didn't. If you ask me, I say you enjoy it. Only thing that makes sense. You've been doing the same thing to yourself your whole life. Setting yourself up for rejection. You must enjoy playing the part. There's an old Chinese expression. Stay out of harm's way. If it works, use it. That's a pessimistic view.  Listen, why don't we take in a holodeck programme later? A Moliere comedy. That'll cheer you up. What do you want to do? But that's rude. Hair pasta? That is just an expression, isn't it? Have a nice lunch. (Paris sits with his back to Kes, and smiles at Neelix. Kes leaves. Neelix goes over to Paris.) However, we have been running computer simulations to determine if the EM disturbances follow any specific pattern. Our data analysis suggests that there may be occasional atmospheric windows that would allow us to get through. We should see one every thirty hours or so, but they may only last for a matter of minutes. I can't be sure yet. We're doing everything possible. The transporter just doesn't want to work in that atmosphere. How are you doing? You had a every right to be. Guilty? Why? Look. You know if there was any way to land that shuttle, Tom Paris got it down. I'm sure they'll both be fine. They're professionals. They're powering down their weapons systems. The EM disturbance patterns match the computer simulations. I'd say we'll get a shot at an atmospheric window in about fifty three minutes. I think so. I'll try to get you a better one, Captain. Coordinates entered. The atmospheric window is forming, Captain, thirty degrees off the predicted co-ordinates. Nine minutes. Ready. The atmospheric window is at full aperture, Captain. We should have at least seventeen minutes before it starts to close. Nine minutes, twenty seconds. One minute, ten seconds, max. [Outside the cave]
Yes, ma'am. This is strange. I'm picking up spatial fluctuations. They're coming from the bridge. Not sure, but they're highly localised, with modulating phase variance. Looks like some kind of cloaking technology. Scanning on all subspace frequencies. I'm picking up two lifeforms. Mission Ops one. Captain, the lifeforms left the bridge. They're now on deck two, section thirteen. Mess hall.  Captain, I've analysed the spatial phase variance. I'm reading a massive spatial displacement dead ahead. We're being probed. No response. They're locking onto the ship with an energy beam. It's cutting right through our shields. It's some sort of transporter. We've been beamed inside the alien vessel. I'm locked out of command control. All systems are shutting down. (Voyager goes dark and quiet.) I can't get a single relay back online. Somehow they've locked us out of all primary systems.
Tom. (Paris punches Kim in the stomach. He goes down.) Wait. This is a mistake. I don't belong here! Did you have to hit me so hard? Thanks for the tip. Is there any food? How long is that? The Akritirians interrogated me. When I wouldn't confess to the bombing, they dragged me in front of a judge. He said you'd already confessed for the both of us, then he pronounced me guilty. We've got to explain to somebody that there's been a mistake. A guard, the warden. A prison without guards. Can I have some more? Take it easy. The what? (Paris shows him a small metal object embedded in the back of his skull.) What is it? What do you think it's for? We could try taking them out. Let's get something straight first. The next time you take a swing at me, I'm hitting back. (The klaxon sounds.) What's that? He's dead.  What took you so long? I've been back at least half an hour. I guess I am. How about a seven course dinner? I suppose you didn't find any food. I take it that's a no. Great. All we need are the Delaney sisters and we could make a day of it. If you mean an escape route, I ran into nothing but solid walls. Question is, how do we get into it without getting fried by that forcefield? You saw what happened to the man who reached inside. It's worth a try. Come on, come on, come on. Damn! I can't think! I can't concentrate! Or how about shrimp with fettran sauce, flambé noodles and fudge ripple pudding. Right now, I'm so hungry I could eat a bowl of Neelix's leola root stew. I'm ready to give it a try. So far, so good. (Kim touches the forcefield with the pipe, and gets thrown backwards.) A pipe. Come on, Tom. (Paris knocks Pit down, and gets stabbed by another prisoner.) Tom! (Kim breaks free and goes to Paris' help, swinging the metal pipe.) Back off! Back off! Back off! Back off! Hang on. I'm getting you out of here. We've got to get him to a doctor. You can make it. Just a few more steps and we'll be back to the shelter. Yeah. I'll take care of it. What? Quiet. (A man comes out of their hovel.) Hey! What are you doing in there? This place is ours. Okay, here's the deal. My boots for some clean cloth, a litre of water, two of those food cakes and my friend gets to stay in there until he's better. What about the rest of it? Just tell me what you want for the food and the bandages, okay? I can't trade the pipe. I'll take you with me. I know a way out of this place. The chute. With this pipe, I can disable the forcefield. With a little luck, we can make it to the surface. What are you staring at? Neither. And I'll prove it to you. Then we have a deal? I can handle him. Try to get some rest. What deal? I think the clamp must really be starting to make you crazy. I've got to go. Damn it! How do I do that? I feel like there's a million fire ants in my brain. How? I'd rather use my energy to work on getting out of here. I guess so. Okay. Sure. Whatever you say. Yes. I plan to be out of here before it even becomes an issue. Go ahead. Touch it. (The chute forcefield is neutralised. Zio pushes open the iris and Kim leads the way up the chute.) [Top of the chute] Some kind of hatch. (Kim wedges himself safely and starts rubbing at the hatch.) How are you feeling? Next time I'll try not to wake you. Not yet, but we're very close. It's just a matter of time, so you've got to hang in there, okay? Easy, Tom. You got stabbed, remember? One of the prisoners. I'm trying to change your bandage. Please! I'm trying to help you! Tom! Tom, give me the pipe. We need it to get out of here, remember? It's okay. Let me take it. You're going to be okay. Yeah? Close your eyes. [Outside Zio's hovel] (Later -) No. Shut up! The chute leads to a docking port, right? Some kind of ship must come to drop off food, drop off new prisoners. So maybe we could get aboard the ship. I know we could do it. We'd have the element of surprise. If we could hold them off, distract them, just for a few minutes, I could establish our location, get a message to Voyager, and they could get us out of here. We'll need weapons. I don't want to read your crazy manifesto. Now, are you going to help me or not?  Listen! Listen to me, everybody! This is important. I've got something to say. Something you'll want to hear. It's what you've been waiting for. I've found a way out of here. There is! Through the chute! I've been inside! Listen! We have to work together! They'd like us all to kill each other, but we have to cooperate. If we do, we can get out of here. Space. It's the truth! We can escape, if we work together! (Someone throws a missile at Kim, that hits him on the head.) [Zio's hovel] (Paris is pulling the wires off the pipe.) What the hell are you doing? You've ruined it! You He's my best friend! That's not true! Quiet! What the hell are you talking about? You're insane. I don't need your protection! I'm not a killer. If that's what it takes to stay alive, then I'd rather die. (He drops the knife.) This man is my friend. Nobody touches him!  Captain. He needs help. (More security men have arrived.) Zio was right. I guess so. Tom Tom, listen to me. I, I almost killed you. I was ready to hit you with the pipe. Don't you remember? So what's for dessert? What about the fudge ripple pudding?
 That was some kind of gravimetric surge. [Janeway's quarters] KIM That's a good question. [Bridge]  Seven's trying to localise it. [Corridor] KIM On screen. I don't know.(A nebula full of energy like sharp teeth.) [Engineering] Sir? I'm afraid I don't know you. (Janeway stands up, She is wearing her old Bun of Steel.) Captain, the environmental controls are fluctuating. Chakotay should be initiating the pulse in ten seconds. Five, four, three, two (A bright light fills Voyager.) [Engineering] I don't know. Main power's being rerouted to the deflector dish. The deflector's been burned out, but we're okay. (Voyager flies away. Chakotay enters.)JANEWAY: Do you mind telling me why B'Elanna burned out the deflector dish?
We've entered some kind of a subspace corridor. Two hundred light years in five minutes? Picking up two more ships heading our way . Radiation levels at three thousand isorems and climbing. Proximity radiation at four thousand isorems. Five thousand. Six. Radiation must have interfered with my scans. From the rate of radiogenic decay, eight hundred ninety two years. Captain, I'm detecting faint life signs coming from a chamber several hundred metres beneath the surface. Looks like they can't get an exact fix on our position. The radiogenic atmosphere must be disrupting their targeting. You can enter the activation code here. It's processing our telemetry. He's in the central chamber. Massive energy readings coming from the central chamber. Yes, ma'am, but that would give away our position. They could lock on with plasma charges. Captain, the Turei are responding. I'm having trouble establishing a link with the satellite. Our sensor array took heavy damage.  We've lost impulse engines and navigation. I've lost the signal. Barely enough for life support, Captain. We'd have to modify the warp core's conversion matrix. It could take hours. It could also blow out every power relay on the ship.  Particle concentration at three thousand parts per million. Thirteen power relays just blew out on deck six.
Not exactly. The holoemitters would be set up in certain key areas, the Bridge, Engineering. We'll be able to transfer him to those locations. I have the holoprojector online. We're ready to start. Initiating transfer. Here he comes. (The EMH appears, six inches tall.) Just a small oversight. No pun intended. Maybe a couple of hours. I wonder why he wouldn't let us see his face. We found several of them in storage. We've been reconfiguring them one by one. I think we should check out the imaging systems on the holodeck. There might be a simple malfunction. I show it on a direct intercept course. I'm getting them too. Residual energy displacements. Two discrete readings. One off the port bow, one off starboard. Two ships decloaking. They're turning back for another strike.  There's something weird going on, Commander. I'm not reading any life signs on the two ships that just decloaked. Looks like the ships are automated. They're being controlled by the Bothan ship. Commander, the three ships are manoeuvring to surround us. The ships are powering their weapons, preparing to fire. We've got damage on all decks. Reports of injuries. I see my girlfriend, Libby. I'm trying, Captain. It won't terminate. Captain, I'll do it. Running a multiphasic scan.
Aye, Captain. They're not responding. Still no response. He's right, they're adrift. I'm not picking up any active energy signatures. And no life signs. But what caused the shut-down in the first place? Or what? I'm only picking up one signal. It's in a heavily populated region. The signal's very weak. Electrodynamic turbulence from the nebula's interfering with transmission. It's going to take me a while to clear it up. [Settlement] (After the lovemaking, Chakotay is mending the communications array.) No response. Voyager, Emergency beam-out! [Bridge] Captain, the Borg ship has initiated a self-destruct sequence. It'll go in three seconds. Shields are holding. No injuries or hull damage. Audio transmission, Captain, from the planet surface.
What did you find down there? They're going to infiltrate the Alpha Quadrant.  I've enhanced this tricorder with a transoptic datalink. It should help you access some of their systems. Type one phaser modified to fire Borg nanoprobes. You've never had a date with species 8472. You're a true explorer, Chakotay. I've always wondered what it would be like to date an alien. He should have contacted us by now. Four hours? Polite stage? The last 8472 I met tried to dissolve me from the inside out.
Sorry. I got distracted by the, er, scenery. This is Maggie. Charmed. What's the hurry? Does she have a sister? Nothing an adjustment to the holomatrix wouldn't fix. Tommy boy, you forgot the leprechauns. You wanted authenticity. [Holodeck - Sullivan's] I'm trying! Yes! Yes! Class nine? We've got a ruptured plasma conduit, deck nine. I'm telling you, we should add more fog. It's authentic. All right, we could add a lighthouse. Tuvok, what do you think? Irish sea coast, fog or no fog? I think you'd like it, Commander. It's a great place to meditate. (They do the appropriate hand gestures to emphasis movement.) Yes, ma'am. I don't believe it. If it was, he had one hell of a left hook. (Janeway enters.) It was Michael Sullivan, Captain. He was (Paris coughs) looking for someone. Sixty million. That's about four minutes too long. The gradient's rising fast. Ninety million. That won't be enough. Primary systems are down. Captain, there's not enough time to go through the hologrid shutdown sequence. We'd lose most of Fair Haven. You've got all the secondary power, Tuvok. Is it enough? It might be easier to start from scratch. Hey, Seamus. So, what do we try and save? The Ox and Lamb? The church? Maggie O'Halloran?
 Captain, we're being hailed on a subspace frequency. It looks like a Kazon signal, Captain. Captain. I could programme the deflector grid to make it look like we have help on the way. I'll show you what I mean. Excuse me, Doctor. Exactly. This is how we'd look to the enemy's sensors. If we generate multiple decoy images like these, the Kazon would think that ships are coming toward us. We could create as many as we want. We're going to use up a lot of our power reserves trying to pull it off. Just a signal, Captain. No response to our hails. Visual range. Showing one life sign, adult Kazon male. He's in critical condition. Plus, we confirmed nitrogen tetroxide fumes were in the cabin. If all this was part of a Kazon scheme, he had to be willing to breathe poison for hours before we got there. No. Signature is Kazon. Shields are holding. Minor damage to secondary command processors on deck twelve. EPS power supplies and isolinear controllers are offline. No casualties, though. They're coming at our starboard ventral again. Our shields there haven't been repaired yet. We're going to sustain more damage to the secondary command processors. Control units are responding, Captain. Deck twelve is in shambles. At least no one was hurt. The secondary command processors are non-functional. We'll have to rebuild them. I'd say we're looking at two days work if we're not attacked again. Echo displacement ready, Captain. Activating deflector grid. They should be seeing the same thing on their scanners. Ten ships with Talaxian signatures. Shields are holding. No damage. Shields at ninety percent. (In his quarters, Teirna starts chanting.)  Four Kazon ships dead ahead, but they're dividing their fire, Captain. The holograms are working. Shields at eight five percent and holding. Minor damage reported deck fourteen. I'm reading a massive discharge on deck eight. We've lost a primary plasma conduit. I'm showing power failures all over the ship. (The holographic ships are destroyed.) [Engineering] Shields at seventy percent and falling. Starboard targeting scanners are offline. Shuttle is clear. So far, so good. Voyager to Paris. Please respond. Tom, can you hear me? I've lost contact with the shuttle. Shields at thirty percent. They're buckling. (Big bangs. Consoles explode.) The driver coil assembly has been destroyed. Impulse engines are offline. Maybe Tom's shuttle got through. Gamma team. Captain. How do you like your eggs? And that's not all. Cucumbers, or something like them. There are vines full of them two hours from here. There you go. (Torres takes it to Chakotay and puts it by the friction hole in the log. The spinning stick finally makes it catch fire. A local watches his warm his hands by the flames. Later -) Those tremors seem to be getting stronger. Do you really think Commander Chakotay would go in there after what happened to Hogan? A couple of phaser blasts would do the trick. Captain! (There is a nearby volcanic eruption.) Suder? We thought he was killed during the initial attack. All propulsion and navigational systems are functioning within normal parameters, Captain.
That might not be far enough. We've been detecting some random proton bursts. A strong one could knock out our shields.  Under orders to use better judgment? oh, that's pretty harsh. Well, she does have a point. You could have been more discreet. Actually I was hoping you might have some leftover Pleeka rind casserole from last night. I like it. So, I guess your relationship isn't exactly a secret anymore. The computer logs in the science lab show that he was trying to transfer himself to Sickbay. Something must have gone wrong while he was in transit. Seven was checking it. About the Doctor's research. I'm transferring more power to the structural integrity field, but I don't know how long it can hold. (An alien female becomes visible.) Shields have failed. Structural integrity is down to twenty percent. The hull is beginning to buckle. Then let's divert all power to the shields. Captain? Emergency forcefields are holding. I don't believe it. We're alive. Oh, hi, er, sorry to interrupt. Hi, B'Elanna. I just wanted to return this. (Kim hands over a PADD.) Smells good. (Paris shuts the door in his face.)
There's an ancient Chinese curse, Captain. May you live in interesting times. Mealtime is always interesting now that Neelix is in the kitchen. We should've asked her to join us. Why not? Well, what's wrong with showing a little courtesy? Well, who else is she supposed to get chummy with out here? There aren't many other captains and admirals for her to talk to. I think you're working from an old rule book, Paris. (Janeway tries to pour herself a cup of coffee at the counter, but the jug is empty.) Seven AU's in diameter. Sensors are picking up intermittent gamma and thermal emissions. Nothing our shields can't handle. I've never seen anything like it. (Tuvok uses his comm. badge.) Yes, sir. Can't do it, Captain. The thoron emissions of the barrier would interfere with the transporter signal. Kim to Tuvok. In other words, you've never seen anything like it. Oh, I promise not to tell the junior officers. We've lost five percent of our energy reserves. Recommend we shut down all non-essential systems. Energy reserves are down eight percent. Thrusters firing. (Thump!) Energy reserves are still falling. Eleven percent, Captain. What? See? How'd you get in here?  MacAllister. James Mooney MacAllister. The guy never slept. He'd be studying his algorithms until dawn and the only way I could get any sleep was to wear a mask. Are you kidding? MacAllister got me through fourth year quantum chemistry. Besides, I got used to wearing it. Something about it that reminds me of being in the womb. I remember being in my mother's womb. I do. So what is it you have to show me? What is it, a French bistro? Hi. (RIcky gives Paris a passionate kiss.) Just a cup of tea. I don't like to drink this late at night. I get an acid heartburn. Sorry. Somebody picked your pocket? On Earth? Mosconi? Was he some famous billiard player? I'll keep it in mind. What's a fin? You shrug it off, or you like to make the rest of us think you're shrugging it off, but you miss it too, don't you? Home. (Paris breaks.) If my research is right, releasing positive ions through the nacelle should repel some of the dust out there. I believe so, Captain. Ion release confirmed. We're being hit by some kind of multi-polar charges. They're not like anything we saw the first time. Electroplasma leaks reported on deck fourteen. Repair crews are being dispatched. Otherwise, we seem to be in one piece. Yes, sir. I'll get right on it. Affirmative, Captain. Aye, Captain. Microprobe is loaded and ready. Acknowledged.  Reading multi-polar charges, high frequency.  Turning in for the night, Captain? I will. (Kim gets out of the turbolift then turns.) Captain? Well, I don't mean to be out of place, but if you'd care to join us, you'd be welcome.
The wormhole. It leads all the way back to Earth. What are you doing? B'Elanna's still downloading them, but she's pretty sure they're from Starfleet. I think I can help clear it up. Try it now. (A blue and white planet.) No more Hirogen hunting parties, Malon garbage scows.  She's blocking my commands.  We've got phaser fire in Engineering. Engineering console sixteen beta. Captain? Captain, bridge controls have been routed to Engineering. Ops, tactical, helm, all of it.
I'm not sure. The transmission just stopped. It looks like. Captain, the transmission was sent along the same network of alien relay stations we used to send the Doctor to the Alpha Quadrant. Yes ma'am. Okay, I've reprocessed everything we've received. I've cleared out most of the interference. Here it is. VOICE [OC] This is Starfleet Command to the USS Voyager. If you are receiving this message, please study it carefully. We have information that That's all we got. It looks like the bulk of the transmission is lodged in one of the relay stations. Who knows what technological advances Starfleet has come up with since we've been gone. They might have developed a whole new way of travelling through space. I'm just happy my folks know I'm alive. Some people might feel that way, but not my mom and dad. I'm sure it is, but I think it's more comforting to think that Starfleet is going to get us home. If no one objects, that's what I'm going to do. [Astrometrics lab] We're encountering some kind of gravimetric forces. Looks like it's coming from the relay station we're heading for. I've compensated for the disturbance. We should be all right. At least until we get closer. I'm picking up one male humanoid aboard. He's dead. Radiometric decay rations indicate it's at least one hundred thousand years old. Negative, sir. Looks like there's nobody home. Commander, if my sensors are right, that station is using a quantum singularity as a power source. It's a tiny one, probably about a centimetre in diameter, but it's putting out almost four terawatts of energy. I wouldn't recommend it. Voyager would take a beating from the gravimetric eddies. Who are they for, Neelix? Neelix, wait a minute. Aren't there any more?  Tom, I heard there are at least thirty more letters that have been downloaded. Neelix is supposed to on his way here now. What was is? Is that all you can think about? What you're eating? Tom, we're getting letters from home. Doesn't that mean anything to you? I don't believe you. Here he comes. There's not going to be one for me Neelix. I thought you had over thirty letters. That's what was going around. Right. I'm not hungry I'm not you. [Ready room] Hi. I thought Seven was working in here. Of course not. Would you stop that? I've told you, there's nothing between us. Very funny. Look, I'll admit that for a while. Well, she's a very attractive woman, but I've gotten over that. Fine. Believe whatever you want. I wanted to know if I'd gotten a letter yet. Do you think there's going to be one for everybody? I hope so. Kim to the captain. Can you come to the bridge? [Bridge] We've picked up an automated distress signal from Tuvok's shuttle. Sensors show there's no one on board. [Hirogen ship]  Captain, it's tricky to scan through the interference, but I think I'm detecting a ship. Let me reconfigure the sensor array. It's Hirogen, and Tuvok and Seven are on it. On screen. Captain, I've got three more ships on sensors, coming towards us at high warp. The ship has some kind of monotanium armour plating. It's scattering the targeting beam. Yes ma'am. How? The pull would increase if we could weaken the station's containment field. An antithoron burst might do it. Yes, ma'am. I've established a low level warp field, Captain. Channel open. The field is going. The singularity is about to be exposed. (The array implodes into a black hole, pulling Hirogen ships into itself.) I have Tuvok and Seven targeted, but if we try to transport them now the gravity well could scatter their patterns. Activating the transporter. [Hirogen ship] Not yet. Their patterns are distorting. I'm realigning the pattern buffer. I've got one more shot at it. I got them. They're in transporter room two. Captain, that could breach the core. Yes, ma'am. (Voyager stops shaking.)PARIS: We're free. It's from my folks. Thanks.
Keep it coming. I'm working on my monthly ops report. So much has happened in the last few weeks on this ship, I'm going to be up all night. Potent stuff! Thanks.  Captain, I'm detecting the shuttle. No response. Potent stuff. [Vision Quest - Great Forest] It's pointless.  Captain, someone's trying to initiate an unauthorised transport. It's Neelix. Looks like he's trying to beam into the nebula.  He's found a way to block the abort sequence. Transport's in progress.
That's the edge of the shock wave. The pressure's over ninety kilopascals, thirty percent more than we predicted. But neither one was this close. Less than ten billion kilometres. Definitely a record. Sure beats working on the bridge. That'll be the day. (The ladies are removed to a newcomer.) Did it ever occur to you that she just doesn't like you? Make that two supernovas, Commander. I just picked up another one at two one seven mark four seven. Estimated time of implosion, sixty seven seconds. Commander, according to these readings, the shock waves have knocked us sixteen billion kilometres from our previous location. Er, Commander? She's put us on a direct course for another star about to go supernova. Captain, are you all right? Put down your weapons! No, ma'am. Nothing but calm space ahead. Looks like the war is over.
Shields are down. (Borg beam in. Tuvok shoots one. Another is about to assimilate Janeway when - flash! The Borg are gone and Q is there, looking furious.)  They're opening some sort of spatial rift off their port bow. They're hailing.
I'll get this. Don't give me any hints. Hi, Seven. Is it oh six hundred already? We've been playing all night. For a game of logic, you'd be surprised at how addictive it is. Give me a few more minutes to figure this out. No way. This is the closest I've ever come to beating you. I'm not giving up now. (Tuvok sighs. Seven takes the rod from Kim and places it in the structure. Kal-toh!) Yeah, sure. I would've gotten that.  [Corridor] Is there anything you don't know? I was Borg. That's what you always say but what does it mean? You've got the knowledge of ten thousand species in your head? Still, that probably makes you the most intelligent human being alive. So what do you need the rest of us for? Forget I asked. (Rumble.)KIM: What was that?  [Bridge] On standby. This looks like enough for a fifty isoton explosion. (A small globe with two tubes sticking out of the bottom.) What are we planning to do, blow up a small planet? This warhead isn't standard issue. Who designed it, the captain? (Janeway enters.) Right. (Janeway leaves.)KIM: Ensign Hickman thinks it's species eight four seven two. That's his theory. There's an opening in fluidic space, and Captain Janeway has to shut it down. Want to know what I think? I think there's a type six protostar out there, and the captain's planning on detonating it and opening up a wormhole to the Alpha Quadrant. In theory, it's possible. And because she doesn't want to get our hopes up, she's not telling anybody. Then what do you think it is? Oh, come on, Tuvok. Aren't you curious? Stand by. (An image of a smoking central blast point, with damage radiating away.) Over three hundred thousand square kilometres destroyed. I'm detecting lifesigns. A few dozen maybe. It's hard to get a clear reading. I can get you there, but conditions in the structure aren't good. There are high levels of radiation. Thanks, but I need to get the power relays online first. This is ridiculous. I'm not going to waste time just because Seven wants to turn this team into her own private Collective. Maybe for a bunch of Drones. Please, stop calling me that. Wait a minute, you're demoting me? Since when do the Borg pull rank? I'm glad you're not the captain. (Chakotay enters.) Commander. Seven's taking this hive mentality just a little too far. Designated functions, numbered Drones. I wouldn't be surprised if she started plugging us into alcoves. Targeting scanners are locked. We're losing structural integrity. [Laboratory] I've got the away team in transporter room two. They're hailing us.
It was around 2210. My uncle Jack was on a deep space mission to Beta Capricus. And that was when they still had to go into stasis. So, Jack put his crew under as soon as they left orbit, and piloted the ship by himself for six months. There wasn't anybody along the way. Not back then. The transmitter wasn't even subspace. It took weeks to get a message back to Earth. So, six months to Beta Capricus and when they finally arrive, there's nothing there. No. No star, no nothing. It turns out Beta Capricus was just an EM echo of a distant galaxy. What else could he do? He turned the ship around and headed home. He figured there was no reason to bother them. There's nothing to see, nothing to do. So six months later he gets back to Earth, brings everybody out of stasis, and they wake up wondering why they haven't Here, here, Uncle Jack would approve.
 There's nothing to indicate that any other ships have been in this area for weeks, and the nearest inhabited world is over ten light years away. Internal sensors aren't showing anything unusual in the corridor where the Nyrian appeared, or Kes's last known location. I'll get it started. It may take a while. I er, wouldn't describe you that way, no. No, of course not. Very different. Way off. Looks like a surge of polaron particles. Captain. (One of the rocks is fuzzy. An alien steps through it.) Captain, there must be some kind of forcefield here, but I can't find it.
It's a class seventeen nebula. I'm detecting standard amounts of hydrogen, and helium, and seven thousand parts per million of sirillium. I checked all the sensor logs. There's no sign of anything emanating from the nebula that would have affected Tuvok or Voyager. No, it's a standard class seventeen. I don't see any connection between this nebula and the one the Excelsior saw eighty years ago. This one's a class seventeen, while theirs was an eleven. Both contain trace amounts of sirillium, but that's about all. To the naked eye, but not to sensors. Technically, they're very different. You know, I've been talking to the doctor, and he tells me it's not unusual for a repressed memory to resurface because of a smell or a visual detail. Maybe the visual similarities between the two nebulas simply triggered Tuvok's memory of the Excelsior. Who knows that goes on in a Vulcan's mind. Maybe there is no connection. And going back to the memory of the Excelsior was just an accident, a stray thought Tuvok was having because of the similarities between the two nebulas. What do they say? Nothing? You mean he falsified his logs? No replicators, no holodecks. You know, ever since I took Starfleet history at the academy, I always wondered what it would be like to live in those days.
I'm not reading any organic material in the debris field. It must have been an unmanned vessel. Possibly a probe. Captain, the wreckage is composed primarily of duritanium polyalloy. How did it get here?  Captain, I'm picking up the trail again. New heading one nine six mark four. I think I've got it on long range sensors. Got it. Elevated neutrino levels. Locking in coordinates. It's within visual range. We're being hailed by the missile. Reading an energy build up in it's reactor. It should overload in about thirty seconds. Wait a minute. There's a plasma surge coming from it's core. What the hell? (Whumph!) It sent a plasma burst along the tachyon beam into our main power system. We've got EPS relays burnt out all over the ship.  Blocked again. Don't worry, we'll find a way to get you back over there. You couldn't expect to guess every move it made. It's only as smart as you made it. And I bet it doesn't spend much time worrying about what it could have done differently. Channel open, Captain. Audio only. Shields are holding. Damage reported on decks three and four. Repair crews responding. Captain, I've broken through the interference. I'm not sure how. We have communications. Checking on transporter signal. I have a lock on her. Captain.
I've checked the transporter logs for the past month. There's no indication that the biofilter picked up anything suspicious. Right. Varmeliate fibre, whole green putillos and schplict. Grakel milk. I've looked at the logs, everything checked out. He's been at it since before I got here. Tuvok told him to use the micro-resonator. Sounds like a Tuvok estimate. Oh, you missed a spot. TUVOK  Captain, the bio-neural network is failing sequentially. We're losing systems faster than we can compensate with backups. Torres is working on it, but it's a long way from being ready. It couldn't even maintain life support at this point. Every system on the main grid is down. Communication, transporters, turbolifts and life support.  Captain, life support is failing. Deck fifteen has lost all power and deck seven has lost it's gravitational grid. It's having an affect, Captain. Temperature is at three hundred and forty Kelvins. Can we get the engines a little hotter? Okay, we're at three hundred and sixty Kelvins. Aye, Captain. [Cargo bay] (Chell and Dalby prise the door open and hold it with a metal bar. Dalby and Henley go to get Tuvok and Gerron.)
Sorry, Captain. Full spectrum scans. I'm on it. Er. That's kal-toh, isn't it? Vulcan chess? I should have known. Tuvok, I need your help. I want to eliminate emotions, like Vulcans do. I realise that. And I also know that Vulcans use certain techniques. I'm willing to learn. I have feelings I don't want to have. I'm in love, and I don't want to be. Her name is Marayna. She's not a member of the crew. She's a character on the holodeck. That's the problem. (Tuvok places his final rod, and the construct transforms into an elegant polygon.) I told you. I'm in love. I can't get her out of my mind. Not for a second. No. No. Yes! But we're talking about a holodeck character. Neelix. Have you seen Marayna? I completely forgot. The luau. Where's Marayna? She's part of this programme. How could you miss her? She's tall, athletic, blonde. Hi, Marayna. You were? She's a great instructor. It's like a knot. Yes. Er, yeah. Yes. What do you mean? That's not true. I guess it really did bother me. I was embarrassed, and I was sure Kes would take one look at my face and know exactly what I was feeling. Let's not even talk about that. [Turbolift] It's all so predictable. How does it end? I can't have a balanced, stable relationship with a holodeck character. Marayna's a computer programme. She could never feel for me what I feel for her. To tell you the truth, I don't even like hydrosailing. [Bridge] Captain, the temperature is nine thousand degrees kelvin. I'm picking up a subatomic cascade reaction. The plasma strand completely burned itself out. Sensors show some kind of dampening effect between the strands, but I can't isolate it. Come in. Hi, Tom. A Vulcan meditation. To suppress my emotions. Not really. Marayna. How did you know that? Am I that predictable? You sound like Tuvok. Logically, the best course is retreat. Meditation helps. I'm not hiding out. I'm deconstructing the emotional complex. No, wait. Computer, standard illumination. I'm getting tired of this anyway. What? I don't know. Maybe this isn't a good idea. Listen, I'm going back to my quarters. Tom! Yes, Captain. But it'll take a while. We'll have to simulate the process on the computer, and then try to recreate it with the deflector dish. Probably a few weeks. The warp drive seems okay. Impulse too. I think the problem must be somewhere else. I think maybe the helm's being blocked. Maybe. I'm sorry. I guess I've got a lot on my mind. What did Tom say to you? Hi. My name's Harry read-me-like-a-book Kim. Apparently it is. I can't get her off my mind. Thanks. I'll be in my quarters if you need me. [Turbolift]  Deck three. Computer, belay that order. Holodeck one. [Outside the holodeck]  Computer, activate Neelix resort programme. Enjoying yourselves? Now I know why you told me to keep off the holodeck. Stop analysing me! I respected you. I trusted you. And you did this right behind my back. Then what do you call this? I'll accept that from her, Tuvok, but not from you. You said to stay away from her. You should have done the same. If you say so, Lieutenant. I think it's a little late That's not going to help. I never should have come to you in the first place. I should have worked it out myself. [Bridge] Aye, Captain. We studied that case at the Academy. It gained control of the ship from inside the holodeck. This all started the day we got here. That's when I first met her. Maybe the nebula is somehow affecting the holodeck. Still holding, Captain, but the inertial dampeners are offline.  Transporting to the source of the uplink. [Holodeck – Paxau resort] I can't Captain. Something's blocking the signal. [Space station] Captain, ship's systems are coming back online. I thought kal-toh was beyond human understanding. Don't worry about it, Tuvok. Apology accepted. (Tuvok activates the kal-toh base.) Won't this take years to learn?
This is a real place? Yeah, it's nice. Loosen it up. Computer, add characters from Kim Sports Programme Theta Two. (Three fit young ladies in tight, shiny beachwear.) Volleyball. They're a Championship team. Gold medal winners in 2216. You know, this would be even better with more upbeat music. Great programme, Neelix. Not from here. We'd have to get within five thousand kilometres. I'm diverting warp power to the targeting scanners, trying to get a pattern lock. There's still too much interference. I've got a lock. Initiating transport. I've got them, Captain. All three passengers are in sickbay.  There's a transport in progress. I'm locked out. Commander, it's one of the shuttlecraft. Someone is beaming it into space. [Transporter Room one]  Commander, three people just beamed to the shuttle. The two Ilarii, and Kes. It looks like the shuttle's plasma injectors were remodulated to suppress their warp signature. It takes some incredibly precise calibrations. Someone on that shuttle really knows what they're doing. [Shuttle] There's a residual trace of transporter activity. Looks like four people beamed from the shuttle to the surface. I can't. Some kind of interference has gone up around the whole structure. I've been scanning it for weaknesses. The system goes through a maintenance cycle every ten hours. There are a few seconds when it might be vulnerable to a narrow band EM pulse.
 Aye Captain. Stand by. I've got it, Captain. A Sporocystian energy burst approximately ten light years distant. I can't get a precise fix on it's location. [Sickbay] (The vibrations stop.) Spatial resolution at maximum. Boosting the signal gain. The configuration is similar. So is the surface composition, but it's only about one tenth the size. No, but I am picking up over two thousand carbon based life forms. They appear to be. Wait a second. Confirming. Captain, they're Ocampa. Shields are holding.  Nothing on sensors, Captain. Captain, there's a subspace rupture forming directly ahead.  Captain, I'm picking up some strange readings in Engineering. Some kind of plasmatic energy field is forming. We're losing hull integrity.
Try narrowing the annular confinement beam. Let's try it again. Kim to Away team. Sorry for the delay. We're ready to bring you back. Energise. Tuvok or Neelix? Abort. Kim to Security. Intruder alert, Transporter Room One. Identify yourself. That's right. Possibly. I'll know more after we've run a diagnostic on the bio-filters and transporter logs. According to the transporter logs, they were optimal at the time of transport. It was a perfectly routine beam-out sequence. No anomalies, no power overloads, no malfunctions. And if the enzymes that cause symbiogenesis interacted with their DNA while they were in the matter stream, it might have caused their patterns to merge. Kim to Mister Tuvix. We're just about ready to start the transporter tests if you'd like to join us. Acknowledged. Energising. (Kes, Kim and Tuvix peer at the strange admixture that appears on the transporter pad.) [Sickbay] The genetic codes of the chrysanthemum and the clematis are so scrambled that the targeting scanners can't recognise the original patterns. How can I help you, Doc? Well, I think so, but we'd have to modify the molecular imaging scanners and find a way to compensate for the higher levels of radiation. Wait a second. What's going on? This is about Tuvix, isn't it? I'm on my way. [Sandrine's] Instead of barium, we've come up with a radioisotope that attaches itself to the DNA of one of the merged species, but not the other. You see these? They used to be a single merged flower.
We lost their signature when the second ion storm hit, but we've triangulated the co-ordinates of the distress call. They've entered a planetary system about point six light years from here. Hey, Neelix. Hey, Naomi. Neelix, can I talk with you? Sickbay's running short on emergency medkits. We're going to need a few more if we send another away team after the shuttle. How is she?  I'm detecting a residual impulse signature in the upper atmosphere. Got it. The impulse wake leads to the northern hemisphere. Coordinates one twenty one mark sixteen. Plasma fires, hull fragments. Either they vaporised on impact or they're buried beneath the surface. Nothing.  Take this to Lieutenant Torres. You'll find the phaser drills in Cargo Bay three. No problem. Glad to be of service. We're not shooting for an exact replica, Neelix. Artistic license. Flotter. Now there's a name I haven't heard in a while. I used to be nuts about those holostories when I was a kid. Did you see the one where Flotter suspects Trevis to be a rubber tree? He keeps trying to trip him to see if he'll bounce. Yeah, those two were a lot of fun. Kids love to be scared. Computer, transfer the design parameters to the replicator. How's she holding up? Neelix, what's wrong? I don't know. I'd say Naomi's pretty lucky to be growing up on Voyager. Think about it. Think about all the things she's experienced, stars being born, supernovas, lifeforms no one from the Alpha Quadrant has seen before. When I was a kid I would have given anything for a The storm's moving in. Shields down to eighty six percent. Locking on. They're in the shuttlebay.
Try to stabilise your field symmetry. Tie in auxiliary power! What about a duranium alloy? We could try using it to reinforce We've hit a wall. Neelix, it would take too long to Nothing in the universe can go warp ten. It's a theoretical impossibility. In principle, if you were ever to reach warp ten, you'd be travelling at infinite velocity. If Voyager achieved warp ten, we could be home in as long as it takes to push a button. The problem is, every time we simulate crossing the transwarp threshold, the nacelles get torn off the ship. No, the simulations don't indicate any kind of subspace stress on the nacelles. What do you mean? The hull of the shuttle is made of tritanium alloy. At the speeds we're talking about, that alloy could depolarise. That means we just have to set up a depolarisation matrix around the fuselage. After that, we'll analyse the shuttle's sensor logs. Once we know it's safe to travel at transwarp, we'll try a more extended flight. Aye, Captain.  Yes! Captain, he just disappeared off sensors. Nothing. I can't find him. He's gone. (Later.) I've done three full sensor sweeps. No sign of the shuttle within five parsecs. If that's true, then he could be anywhere in the universe. He's alive, but his life signs are weak.  Acknowledged. I'm downloading the logs into the Engineering computer core. [Engineering]  Phaser discharge on deck six. I'm still having trouble with internal sensors. It came from somewhere between sections twenty one and twenty seven alpha. Commander, someone's depressurising shuttlebay two. There's a launch in progress. It's offline. I've got main power back. They're approaching warp nine point nine. No, and they're still accelerating. Warp nine point nine seven. I've lost them, Commander. They've gone to transwarp. (Janeway wakes up and experiences the wonder of transwarp travel for herself.) First Officer's log, stardate 49373.4. It's taken us three days to locate the shuttle. It appears to have dropped out of transwarp in an uninhabited star system. [Sickbay] Bridge to Chakotay. I think I've found the shuttlecraft, Commander. It's on the fourth planet, in one of the jungles near the equator.
Four days? We hit some kind of subspace turbulence as we were coming out of the plasma drift. I can't tell if (The power goes down.) We're losing main power. Switching to backup power. Captain, three EPS conduits just ruptured in Engineering. They took heavy casualties. [Sickbay] (Bang!) Bridge to Sickbay, there's been a major coolant leak in the Mess hall. You've got more wounded on the way.  She's right. The main sensor array is offline. Not a single burst was fired. Our antimatter supply is too low. There's just not enough power to go (Whumph, bang!) Captain, I've been working on a way to enhance our portable forcefield generators. It might be enough to seal that breach.  Jefferies tube twelve runs right over the breach. If we can get close enough, we should be able to set up a portable containment field.  Here it is. The breach is directly below us. (Kim opens the bulkhead and goes down the ladder.) Just give me a minute. [Sickbay] Hold on. My minute isn't up yet. (The breach opens and Harry grabs a ladder rung to stop himself being sucked out. Torres climbs down.) You're welcome. But you should also thank the Doctor. It was his counterpart who saved her from the Vidiians. I really didn't have time to ask. Thank you, I think. I'm not sure. I mean, this isn't really my ship, and you're not really my captain, and yet you are, and there's no difference. But I know there's a difference. Or is there? It's all a little weird.
It's a distortion in the space-time continuum, but it's got a graviton matrix. It's being artificially generated. Sensors can't get inside. The distortion field's fluctuating. Something's coming out. There's a subspace signature emanating from the ship. Captain, it's Federation! He's firing some kind of sub-atomic disruptor. Voyager's molecular structure is coming apart! It's working. The temporal rift is closed. According to astrometric readings the year is 1996. Yes, Ma'am! We've got an away team down there. How close to the surface would we have to get to beam them up? If we do that somebody's going to see us. (Tuvok's replacement gets a beep.) On screen. Absolutely not. [Santa Monica] (The away team follow the tramp as he puts up The End Is Coming signs on lampposts.)  Captain, we've got a problem. We received a signal from the surface. It looks like a standard [Santa Monica] KIM It looks that way. We tracked the signal to [Bridge] An observatory about twenty kilometres from your location. [Santa Monica] I can't do that right now, not without going into a lower orbit. The main pattern [Bridge]  Buffer is offline. B'Elanna says it could take a couple of days to repair. Aye Captain, Kim out. Anything so far? I can't imagine just watching the story and not being a part of it. Good work. Keep me informed, and don't get too swept away. Aye, Captain. We'll need a few minutes to reconfigure to their binary system.  Captain, we've established the comm. link. We're ready to upload on your signal.  Who is this? [Chronowerx - Starling's Office]  Break the link. What's our transporter status? That's exactly what the Captain ordered us not to do. We'd be risking detection. And if somebody sees a starship flying through the clouds? Helm, get a fix on Chakotay and the Captain. B'Elanna, stand by emergency transporters. Get ready to beam them directly to the bridge. Take us down. [Chronowerx - Starling's office]  Captain, I don't understand how, but he's using our transporter beam as a downlink. He's accessing our main computer. We've terminated the downlink, Captain, but he got at least twenty percent of our main computer files. I asked Neelix to monitor Earth broadcasts. I'm transferring it to the main viewer. (Amateur footage of something crossing the night sky very quickly.) Captain. I've analysed Braxton's schematic. The temporal technology is incredibly complex. The instant he jumps to the twenty ninth century, there won't be a twenty ninth century. Not for Earth anyway. The entire solar system will be destroyed.  Captain, we're close enough to the shuttle to use the short range transporter. I'm isolating it, and suppressing the amplitude. Got him. Captain, there's a transport in progress. Starling's gone. He's beamed to the surface. He sent a transporter signal through our shields like they weren't there. Tracking the signal. He's back at the Chronowerx building. [Chronowerx - Starling's office]  It's Paris again, Captain, on audio.  The timeship is entering the upper ionosphere. I think I can reroute fire command through the helm. Captain? Captain, with the activation sequencers down, you'd have to launch from inside the tube. It's too dangerous. The plasma exhaust will Captain, the timeship has jumped to warp one.  Welcome to the Bridge, Doctor. The Captain's in torpedo tube one. She's preparing for a manual launch. Commander, the field he's creating? It's unstable. On screen. He's entering the rift. Captain, the rift is opening. There's something coming out. It's the timeship. The timeship is re-entering the rift.
Hail them. Looks like they've encoded the pulse with a comm. signal. (He puts the signal on the viewscreen.)KIM: Captain. Are you and the Doctor all right? Commander, we're receiving a transmission. I'm having trouble pinpointing it. Should I notify the captain? Kim to Chakotay. Can you come to Astrometrics? We traced it to holodeck two. I'm on my way to check the access logs.  Whoever sent this transmission knew how to cover his tracks. The holodeck logs have been erased. I might be able to find some residual phototonic displacement. There we go. I think I can clarify the image with a recursive Wait a minute. I'm picking up two holographic signatures. It looks like a second image was superimposed over an existing template. I'll see if I can isolate the first image. (The EMH steps behind Kim and takes a hypo from his boot. The holographic image changes to the EMH, so EMH-Chakotay uses the hypo on Kim. He then stores Kim in the morgue and adds his comm. badge to the growing collection in his office. The EMH leans back and begins a playback of the Blue Danube Waltz before tapping some controls.) [Overlooker's ship] It could be a comm. frequency. The power utilisation curve would be about right.
Where's Ensign Seska? She was picking berries with our group over by the hillside. There were caves nearby. There are fluctuating nucleonic patterns. It might indicate a reactor breakdown on board. Energising. (The Kazon is beamed out.) Captain, I'm showing an unauthorised autosequence in Transporter Room two. Someone's left Voyager. I've got a lock on her, Captain. Do you want me to transport her back? Energising. [Sickbay]  Captain, we're being hailed by the approaching Kazon ship. Four minutes.  The Kazon ship is hailing us.
Friendship One. I had to memorise that recording in third grade. They packed it with information, translation matrices, scientific and cultural databases  Nothing in grid two nine five. We should try skipping ahead a little to grid three one zero. I stayed up all night re-extrapolating the probe's trajectory. I've compensated for solar winds, ionic interference and a few local anomalies Starfleet wouldn't know about. Just doing my job. (Later -)KIM: I'm detecting a titanium signature that matches the probe's parameters. A planet two light years away. There's nothing alive down there now. Radiation levels are at six thousand isorems. That may not be easy with all this radiation. It wouldn't have taken many of these to trigger a nuclear winter.(And there are silos as far as the eye can see.) [Cave]  They're antimatter weapons. Shields are offline. What are you doing? What about the others? If these sensor modifications are correct, about fifty five hundred. We've made sacrifices to help people before.  Captain, they're opening missile silos. They're targeting Voyager.
Standard issue. PARIS: Well, we know who to call if there's a containment breach.(Seven is fully human here, too.) I'll drink to that. [Bridge] Our warp field's destabilising. We've lost warp drive. They're aligned, I checked. There must be an alien intruder on board. [Holodeck - Seven's quarters]  Antimatter flow stable, injector ports aligned. That should do it.
We should be getting close. That's funny, I'm not detecting it. Yes, and. Hold on. Now I'm getting something. It's debris. Boronite, sarium, carbon 60 composites. I'm not picking up any lifesigns, Captain. There don't appear to be any survivors. Maybe we can find out, Captain. There's a strange pattern that seems to be emanating from subspace. Looks like some kind of plasma particles. Wait a minute. Something. Can't tell, but it's getting more intense. (The ship starts shaking.) Something's coming out of subspace. (It is big, bright, and wormhole like.) Propulsion is offline, so is navigational control. It hit our starboard shields. No indication of casualties. It's highly charged with plasma. That explains the particle wake. Captain, we don't have any idea what caused that phenomenon, or what made it dissipate. So how do we investigate it if it's gone? We're starting to receive telemetry. Captain, this is one weird disturbance. I'm reading a temperature gradient of nine million Kelvin's, massive discharges of plasmatic energy, and there's a perfectly calm eye at the centre. It's disappeared. It's still transmitting, but there's a lot of interference. Captain, the eddy is starting to dissipate. Captain, subspace disruption. It looks that way. Transporters are offline. The shuttle's being drawn inside the eddy. Getting a lot of interference. Can't tell if it's a transmission or not. I've adjusted the encoding filter. Try it now.  Here he comes. Not yet. Everything's too unstable. I'm trying. Hang on. Got it! The shuttle's aboard, Captain. One life sign.
 Hello. Harry. What's yours? Naomi's daughter? You've gotten so big. I haven't come to one of these reunions in four years. I've been on a deep space assignment. Compared to how long I was on Voyager, it seemed like a long weekend. Can you find your mother for me? I'd like to say hi. (Janeway lifts her arm  to avoid spilling a drink as Sabrina runs off.) Thank you, Admiral. I haven't seen her since she was a baby. How's Tuvok? I thought maybe I'd go see him tomorrow. I'm sorry I missed the funeral. I should have been there. You should've listened to me. (Tuvok's rod changes the shape.) You beat him. He may have to go, but I'm free and feeling lucky. It's just a game, Tuvok. [Sickbay] Which could translate to hundreds of wormholes. Not yet, but if just one of them leads to the Alpha Quadrant. Another tritanium signature, right on top of us. (A Borg Cube looms out of the fog.) If they can't detect us, we should go back. We can't just give up on those wormholes. What if we try to modify  Tom, what are you doing when your shift ends? I've been thinking. You and I should have some fun. One last adventure before you get too busy being a father. I've got a better idea. (Kim hands him a PADD.) It'll work. We just need to make a few modifications to the Flyer. How could that happen with the best pilot in the quadrant at the helm? If we go to the captain together, she'll be much more likely to approve my plan. Where's your sense of adventure? Don't you want to find a way home? Captain Proton would never walk away from a mission like this. Lower your shields, Admiral. Prepare for transport. I'm taking you into custody. Reg told the Doctor everything, and the Doctor told me. Now please, Admiral, stand down. You have no idea what the consequences would be. If Starfleet Command knew what you were trying to do The Doctor and I decided to keep things in the family. I told them I needed to take you back to Starfleet Medical because you'd contracted a rare disease. No, but it has been known to affect judgment. Do you? Can you say with absolute certainty that it'll work? Because if you can't. Even if it weren't a violation of every rule in the book, it would still be far too risky. What. If I remember correctly, you stopped me. Our technology may have advanced, but If Starfleet Command finds out I had anything to do with this, they'll demote me back to Ensign. Propulsion's online, plasma flow's stable. This device of Korath's, it produces too much tachyo-kinetic energy. It could burn itself out by the time you get where you're going. You wouldn't be able to get back. You're sure I can't talk you out of this? Right. Stupid question. (Janeway hugs Kim.) Kim to the Rhode Island, one to beam back. (Kim is beamed away. The USS Rhode Island is long gone when -) Harry, I'm under attack. How fast can you get back here? [2378 - Bridge] Your structural integrity is failing. We're being hailed. Captain? I think it's safe to say that no one on this crew has been more obsessed with getting home than I have. But, when I think about everything we've been through together, maybe it's not the destination that matters. Maybe it's the journey. And if that journey takes a little longer so we can do something we all believe in, I can't think of any place I'd rather be, or any people I'd rather be with. Hull breaches on decks six through twelve. (The Sphere prepares to activate its tractor beam.) We're being hailed.
Sweetheart, I understand how upsetting this is, but if it were you on that biobed, I'd feel just like Tom does. Your grandmother's very sick, son. Say cheese! (Kim takes the photograph that was by her bedside.) So how does it feel to be a grandfather? It's 56947. Why? To do that we'd need to know the precise temporal variance of the specific torpedo which contaminated the ship. Hull breach on deck seven. We're losing life support. That could work. If we remodulate the scanners to a parametric frequency we might be able to destroy the torpedo launchers before they fire. Including Captain Janeway and B'Elanna, we lost eleven people. Starboard shield generators and warp drive are offline, and power is down on decks four through twelve. Aye, sir. So, Kes, have you regained all your memories of the past? Don't worry, I haven't forgotten. Hey, give him a little credit. I bet he gets married and has a family. Don't mention it.
See you later. (King Abdullah of Jordan leaves.) Uh, yes, yes, I did. I'm not sure I care for all the frosting. [Turbolift] Deck four. Recipes, music, jugglers. It's sort of like a steady diet of dessert, which is fine, but pretty soon you want some meat and potatoes. When I was in school, I was editor of the Academy newspaper for a year. I monitored subspace transmissions. I got reports on some of the first activity by the Maquis against the Cardassians. I wrote an editorial about it, and the students became polarised on the issue. They debated the pros and cons, and gained an insight into the entire history of the political rebellion. Now, that's the power of journalism. I didn't tell them. It's the job of a journalist to be independent. Captain, do you think? I mean, it's possible Tom might change his mind to come back. Maybe you shouldn't replace him so quickly. Captain, message coming in from the Talaxian convoy.  We're in transporter range, Captain. It's the Kazon ship, Captain. Captain, we've lost weapons. It looks like the phaser arrays have been disabled from Engineering. Weapons are back online, Captain. Yes, ma'am. (Voyager disables the Kazon ship's engines.) [Engineering] (Neelix locks down the plasma leak and lowers the forcefields.)
I'm picking up another spatial disturbance two thousand kilometres away. I have no idea. It looks like space is folding in on itself. It's an alien vessel, one occupant aboard. Too much interference. Nothing. Maybe he's ignoring us. We're finally receiving a hail. His ship is powering engines. (Steth wanders the bridge, then watches the little ship fly away on the viewscreen.) I know you've been avoiding the Doctor, but don't tell me you've forgotten where Sickbay is? I didn't realise you were that eager to get there. So tell me, are they ready yet? Great. Hey, let me know if you have any problems. Polyduranide can be tough to replicate. I can't wait to get my hands around one of those clubs. Ensign Kaplan won't know what hit her. We're going to play golf with her. We scheduled a rematch, remember? Have you been working on your putting? You missed both those two-footers last time. All right. Give the Doc my best. Aye, Captain.  Commander, I'm reading an unauthorised shuttle launch. It's the captain. She's in the shuttle Tom's been working on. She's not responding.
Commander, I've reviewed the sensor logs for the four hours Tabor was in here. All systems were operating normally, safeties were online. Displaced photons. Tom figured that if we dampen the photonic ambience and enhance the polarity Now take a look at this. (A second figure appears, bending over Tabor.) It doesn’t tell us who the attacker was, but we do know someone else was here. I’d say between a hundred seventy and a hundred ninety centimetres. Maybe seventy five kilograms. At least we can rule out Naomi Wildman. We're already working on it. I'm still trying to enhance the photon displacement. My cousin. You read my mail? Isn't that a violation of privacy protocols? And what is so special about a letter from my cousin? A lot of people got letters. Am I a suspect? You got me, Tuvok. I confess. I was so distraught after hearing Max's name that I fired my Captain Proton Comatizer at every Maquis I could find. Tuvok, it's me, Harry. Do you really think I'd be capable of this? I learned about Max's death a long time ago. I was upset, but I don't blame the Maquis, and I certainly don't blame anyone on this I'll keep you posted on the holodeck analysis.  Good to see you, Commander.
By cutting through the bulkheads on decks four, five and six we've been able to expand both holodeck grids by five thousand square metres. I can't give you any more. Not without compromising Voyager's primary systems. Look, holodecks require a tremendous amount of energy. I've already rerouted power from all nonessential systems. Anything more, and we'll start losing propulsion, deflectors, even life support. Yes, sir. [Corridor] (Kim is working with a black crewman. An Hirogen stands guard nearby.)  The holo-emitters in this corridor are stable. Let's start working on section nineteen. (sotto) But first, tell the guard to escort you to Engineering. That we need more equipment. Specifically, a type three isolinear emitter. If he gives you any trouble, say I can't complete the assignment without it. (The crewman goes to their guard.) I transferred you here, using the new emitters in this section. Half a plan. Before we can retake the ship, we've got to get the crew back. That means disabling the neural interfaces. Don't worry, I think I've found a way to tap into the Sickbay diagnostic console. The only catch is (The guard and Ashmore return.) Standby with the emitter. I'm almost done here. (Kim goes around the corner and the EMH reappears.) Somebody's got to be inside the holodeck to engage the bridge control relays. I know. I managed to grab a quick scan of holodeck one, and it looks like Seven of Nine is on the move. Are you ready in Sickbay? That'll give me enough time to get to the bridge. (The EMH vanishes and two Hirogen enter.) Good afternoon. Trying to get the replicator system back online. Unless you prefer the emergency rations? Personally, I'm getting tired of synthetic protein. You're supposed to be the finest hunters in the quadrant, why don't you find us something a little more tasty? Is something wrong? What kind of transmission? Well, I was trying to re-route power from the main computer to the replicators. Of course. I must have tripped a communications subroutine. Sorry about that. Didn't mean to worry you. Your people have damaged just about every system on this vessel. Accidents are bound to happen. Now, if you don't mind, I'm due on the bridge. What? Forget it. I don't have time. (The Hirogen knocks Kim down.) All right! But you'd better call the bridge. Tell your superior I'm going to be late, that I'm working under your orders now, not his. Go ahead, make the call. I don't want to take the blame for this. Thanks. [Kapitan's office] (The radio operator is writing down a Morse code transmission. Janeway knocks him out.) Go to hell! [Le Coeur de Lion] (Torres takes a rifle from behind the bar and takes up position by the door. A figure enters.) There was a simulated explosion on holodeck one. Somehow it blew out the hologrid across three decks. Yes. [Sainte Claire - Street] (Where the building was is now a cross-section of several decks, with energy playing around the edges.)  The breach opened the simulation into the surrounding sections. I'm picking up holographic soldiers moving into deck five. I can't. The programme controls are offline. You wanted a war? Looks like you've got one. To Be Continued...  The battle was concentrated here, on holodeck one, but the fighting has spilled out onto decks five and six and it looks like a group of holographic Americans is invading deck seven. I've lost the visual link. It was the last active circuit connecting the bridge to the holodecks. There's only one way to stop this. I need to go to Engineering and initiate a power surge across the holo-emitter network. It'll blow out the entire system. Look, simulation or not, if this battle keeps going we could all be killed. Yeah. I speak English. I didn't see him coming. You saved my life. Well, er, I'm a civilian. Her legs! I'd be staring at her legs.  Yes, Captain. I'm on it. [Holodeck lab]
I volunteered for a test flight, not a suicide mission. Another risk like that and we'll have to rebuild her all over again. There's a vessel coming up fast off our starboard beam. Range fifty kilometres. Ten. It's pulling alongside. It's scanning us. We are not going to race her. Yeah, but Not that I'm endorsing this misguided exercise, but maybe we can even the odds. New impulse thrusters. We're catching up. A hundred metres, fifty. PARIS: Bring the backup generators online and reroute power to the Something's wrong with her ship. The cabin's filling up with nyocene gas. Are you all right? I told you this wasn't a good idea. No, of course not. It's just that your ship is in no shape for a rematch. I bet we could find you a spare back on Voyager. We were about to head back anyway. Right, Tom? Of course. (He sits in the co-pilot's seat.) KIM: Comfortable. Co-pilot? So, tell me more about where you're from. Three suns? Must make for some long days. That depends on who I'm talking to. I guess it's just a matter of taste. What kind of race course? [Briefing room] With obstacles ranging from dwarf star clusters to K class anomalies. Irina agreed to lend us a fuel converter. Now, for the first time, they're competing peacefully to commemorate the new treaty that ended the war. Where you going? Learn anything? Who? They're team-mates. Oh, it was nice while it lasted.PARIS: Come on. [Astrometrics lab]  There you are. Congratulations on taking the lead. Of course, you're not going to win. Because we are. (to Irina) You're looking at your new co-pilot. I checked with one of the race officials. It's perfectly legal. And it's a chance for both of us to get back in the race. How can you turn me down? Anyone home? I just stopped by to borrow a hyperspanner. Irina and I were up all night. Making repairs. To be honest, I can't remember the last time I had so much fun. She's funny, smart. We get along without trying. I'm going to ask her if she wants to spend some time on Voyager after the race. Turns out they're just team-mates. I know what you're going to say See you on the course. [Bridge] NEELIX I'm reading malfunctions in the EPS relays. But we double-checked all of them last night. I think I can reroute power through the impulse manifolds. Why not? What do the reactor coils have to do with the impulse manifolds? You do want to win, don't you? It just seems like every time I make a suggestion, you find a reason to reject it. Now what? No, it's an overload in my console! (Kim dives out of the way just in time.) KIM: That's the second time your co-pilot's console exploded. Quite a coincidence. (Irina points a gun at him.) You sabotaged your own ship. Twice. Why are you trying so hard to get out of this race? (He slaps a control and makes the ship jolt. She loses her balance and he wrestles You're not exactly in a position to be making requests. The Delta Flyer is still in the lead.  Less than a million kilometres. [Delta Flyer] You done everything possible to take yourself out of the race, and now you seem worried that the Delta Flyer won't reach the finish line. I'm counting more than a dozen ships there. Spectators, officials. You've planned some sort of attack. There are hundreds of innocent people there. How can you do that? The Delta Flyer wouldn't even be in this race if you hadn't told us about it. You gave us the fuel converter so we could qualify. The fuel converter. That's why you're so concerned about Tom and B'Elanna's crossing the finish line. What'd you do to it? Rig it to explode? [Delta Flyer] Away from the finish line. [Delta Flyer]
What'll it be, Reg? Computer, one milk, warm. Just trying to get on your good side so you'll go easy on me tonight. Get out of the warp core. The man is ruthless. Morning, Reg. Then maybe you've got the energy to whip up one of your famous cheese omelettes. Er, don't forget about tonight. You were supposed to teach me how to play Velocity. We're talking about a massive subspace reaction. Who are you trying to contact, Reg? That's it. Whoever this Barclay is, he stopped transmitting.
We scanned the entire surface. No sign of them. They must still be underground, but I can't locate them there either. Take a look at this. This is the cave system nearest the beam-in coordinates as it appeared in our initial geological scan. And this is the same system now. This tunnel here has shifted to the west by almost seventy five degrees. Apparently so, Captain, but our initial scans didn't indicate tectonic activity of anywhere near that magnitude. Breadcrumbs. I'm sorry, Captain. What I mean to say is I think I can modify some subspace transponders which could be deployed along the Commander's path, kind of like If they're placed at regular intervals I believe they'll maintain a signal link with the ship and they could serve as a transporter relay in case we need to stage an emergency beam-out.  I've deployed the transponders, Commander. The relay signal is coming through clearly. Any sign of them? Delightful spot to get lost. Five? There were only three in the away team. This is solid granite, more than fifty metres. Commander! (Two Vidiians duck out of sight.) So far long range sensors haven't located any alien vessels near here. Captain, take a look at this. Using our tricorder data I've been able to scan the entire planet for the forcefield signature, and it looks like the field surrounds an area more than six hundred kilometres in circumference. Every reconfiguration I've tried has failed.  Deep level scans have revealed a network of microfissures, miniscule openings that develop each time the field matrix remodulates. Less than one micron. And they close up within a few seconds. So then it occurred to us. If we could narrow the transporters energy beam tightly enough, it might be possible to transport one of us through the microfissures.  The emitter array has been initialised, Captain. Initiating auto sequence.
I'm detecting eleven life signs. Two are weak. We've lost power on decks eight through ten. Still no response to hails. They're trying to lock on to all five Benkaran life signs.  Someone's trying to get into the shuttlebay.
Well, we found one, and we met a pair of Kinbori who told us about this game they play with these big, odd-looking rackets. So we figured we were supposed to fight back. And then, er, well, things got a little out of hand. That last one's not true. We kicked their rackets.
We're picking up definite dilithium signatures, Captain. The strongest readings are originating from ten to twenty kilometres inside the planetoid. Deck four. [Planetoid] Go ahead.  I'm running a geo-strato analysis of the rock in this vicinity. So far there's no indication of any dilithium.  I'm on my way sir. [Cavern] (They find Neelix writhing on the floor.) What's happening, Doctor? Captain, I've analysed the sensor logs from Neelix's tricorder. The bio-scanner picked up a single class three humanoid organism.  Here it is. This is where Neelix was standing when he was attacked. According to his tricorder log he was scanning this rock face when he detected the life sign. Sounds like our tricorders aren't giving us the real picture behind what's going on here. You're right, Captain. There's a two degree differential in this section of the wall. So there are actually no dilithium deposits on this planet. Are these organs? Captain. (He has found another door.) I can't scan the interior. The surface stratum is made up of some sort of neutronium alloy. It doesn't look like a natural formation. It's possible. Not yet. [Sickbay] (The area above Neelix has been decorated, and the lights dimmed.) We appear to be seeing Voyager and the alien ship reflecting off the walls of the chamber. Aye, Captain. [Doctor's office] The power drain is coming from somewhere in this chamber, Captain. It's some kind of dampening field. It's bleeding energy directly from the warp nacelles. It appears to be coming from two one seven mark zero one five. Distance, five hundred and forty seven metres. Wait a minute. I think I've found the real ship. Picking up two life signs.
What about an interface with an EPS power conduit? Maybe we're overloading it's systems. Got it. Five seconds at three percent, on your mark. We'll have to watch the pressure on the connectors. Flux capacitance is spiking intermittently, but I don't think that's a problem. It's not a cyborg. It's completely robotic. No organic components of any kind. But I'm not detecting any pathways for transmitting information. Maybe it needs to interface with a outside source. We don't know that. It may just be some kind of recording. B'Elanna, we don't even know if it can see you, much less understand a word you're saying. We've been trying for hours. We need a break. The EPS charge should hold till morning. If you're staying, I'm staying. You may think you're tougher than everybody else, B'Elanna Torres, but I can go without sleep just as long as you can. If you insist. But let me know if you come up with anything, Lieutenant. Chief Engineers log, supplemental. I've tried thirteen different methods of reinitialising the robot's power source and I'm still having no luck, so I've decided to go to the mess hall to recharge my own declining energy reserves. [Mess hall] Plasma injector is sealed. Initiating plasma flow. Got it. I'm taking it to thirty percent. Thirty five percent. But it needs more plasma. Aye, Captain.  Captain, I'm detecting a chromo-dynamic energy discharge in Transporter room two. I can't block it. The patterns are already in the buffer. They're gone, Captain. I can't get a lock on her. They're not responding. Channel open. They heard us all right. They're just not answering.  Still no response, Captain. Re-routing power to aft shields. Initiating emergency containment field. We've lost artificial gravity on deck eight. They're hailing us, Captain.  We've managed to repair the hull breach but we have no power on decks three through seven. And last but not least, the dilithium matrix is destabilised, so we can't get the warp engines running. How does seventy two hours sound? Our transporters could get the job done. No sign of organic life aboard that ship either. The second ship is hailing us. We're still an hour away at best. Aye, Captain. Aye, Captain. [Mess hall]
The element has an unusually large atomic mass, over five hundred and fifty nucleons. And the readings are constant. The element appears to be stable. The element is present in most of the asteroids that comprise the rings. I can isolate a sample and beam it aboard. I wouldn't miss it, sir. [Asteroid tunnel]  The highest concentration is about thirty metres directly ahead. With all due respect, Captain, I have to disagree with the Commander. This is our first contact with this race, and I think we should be learning all we can about them. [Bridge] KIM Commander, thanks for letting me voice my opinion to the Captain. What was it? What makes you think they believe in an afterlife at all? A dimensional distortion is forming. Some kind of subspace vacuole. Help! Get me out of here! Let me out! [Waiting area] (Divided into cubicles by movable metal screens. A woman gives an ornate box to a man.) Come back from where? I'm not sure. I just sort of woke up inside one of those pods. I was conducting an investigation on an asteroid, we found some dead bodies, then there was some kind of subspace phenomenon. Ensign Harry Kim of the Federation starship Voyager. We call ourselves human. We come from a planet called Earth in a distant part of the galaxy. Look, can you tell me where I am? Just Harry's fine. We were investigating one of the asteroids in the rings around your planet. So the subspace vacuole must have transported me somewhere else. Do you have any star charts I could look at? I'd like to figure out where I am now in relation to where I was. Another dimension?  You're saying there was a woman in here just before I arrived? Dying. So she wasn't dead yet? Spectral rupture. This looks like what we would call a subspace vacuole. Does the cenotaph create these ruptures? That's right. There were seven females, eleven males. Some of the bodies had been there for years, others just for a few days. Well, that's what it looked liked to us. Doctor, maybe I should just stop right there. This is what my people call a first contact situation, and we've learned to be very careful about how much we tell alien cultures we've just met. Bioanalysis? Look, all I want to do is get back to my ship. And I think there might be a way to use this spectral rupture of yours to I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. Everyone keeps asking me that, and I just keep giving the same answer. I don't know. I come from a different reality, maybe another dimension. Maybe it is your afterlife. I don't know. All I do know is that there are countless billions of people there who are born, live and die, just like you do here. Yes, but, look, for all I know, your thanatologists are right, and all I saw were the corporeal remains of your people, and you do go on to a higher consciousness. I, I really can't say. I don't know what happens to your people after they die. I don't even know what happens to my people after they die. Well, sort of. There have certainly been medical experts, philosophers, theologians who have spent a great deal of time debating what happens after death. But no one's come up with an answer yet. Is that why you're here? Because you're not happy with your life? Your family? It's not my place to judge your culture, but from my perspective, it's a little chilling to hear that.  Why? Look. If my ship is still searching for me, they're not going to stay there forever. I have to get back. Then maybe I can figure out a way to get back. Let me take a look at one of those cenotaphs. Wait! What are you doing? So they make you wrap yourself in your own death shroud. Can't you just back out? Say you've changed your mind. What if you did disappear into the mountains, but your family thought you were dead? I mean, they're here for a transference ritual, right? It's perfect. Those cenotaphs send your people back to my dimension, which is where I want to go. Voyager's probably still near the asteroid searching for me. As soon as I appear, they'll pick up my signal and beam me aboard. And you, you can just disappear. Your family will think you're dead, and you can live out your life in the mountains. Well, if Voyager can beam me aboard quickly enough, our doctor should be able to revive me. Medicine's pretty advanced in our culture. I've heard of cases where people have been dead for hours and still been brought back to life. No, it's not, but I think this is my only chance to get home. No, not at all. Please. Better. I'll be ready for duty tomorrow morning. Captain, I'm fine. Thank you, Captain. I have been a little preoccupied with the experience. I mean, all those people think that they know what happens after death. They look forward to it. They're prepared for it. But the truth is, none of it's real. They don't have an afterlife. They just decay inside those asteroids. Are you saying you think they do have an afterlife? That the energy field is where they exist at a higher level of consciousness, just like they believe? Thank you, Captain. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Didn't we already pass a trinary system like this? It just seems familiar. Yeah, I guess so. They're hailing us. That ship's going to fire! Captain, we've got to defend ourselves. Raising shields and firing phasers. (Kim blasts a hole through the Narada's starboard wing.) Captain, I had to act quickly. Their weapons were charging. They were about to fire at us. We could have been destroyed. Then they must have fooled our sensors somehow. I detected a tetryon surge coming from their ship. No! It was their weapons. That whole welcome to Nasari territory was a trick. I can't explain that. I just knew. I was only trying to protect the ship. Is she going to be all right? B'Elanna almost got killed. It's my fault. I started that fight. I thought I was doing the right thing. For a moment I was absolutely sure. It's fading. What I did, and how I felt. It doesn't make any sense. And it could have been worse. What if they'd been more powerful than we were? I could have gotten everyone killed. You're right. Thanks. [Kim's dream] (Memories interspersed with a view of a planet from space.) Raising shields and firing phasers. I can't explain it. I just knew. I never wanted you to get hurt. I'm sorry. I try to be. Mom! (Kim wakes and goes to wash his face. He discovers interesting blotches around his hair and jaw lines.) [Sickbay] And the bad news? Last night I had a dream about being sick with the Mendakan pox when I was nine. Do you think this could be a recurrence? What? Is that serious? Doctor, you don't think there could be any psychological effects from this disease, do you? I've been having this strange deja-vu feeling. Then yesterday on the Bridge I had this sudden instinct, and I acted on it by firing without orders. We're still trying to figure that out. B'Elanna, I'm really sorry you got hurt. I know, but, er Never mind. I'm glad you're going to be all right. Take care of yourself.  Captain, I accept full responsibility for my mistake. I was completely out of line, even if I believed that other ship was charging weapons, which they probably weren't. I was right. As soon as I saw their ship, I felt this sudden suspicion and loathing. I knew we were in trouble. How did I know? I really wish I could tell you, Captain, but for the past few days this area of space has seemed more and more familiar to me. If I didn't know it was impossible, I'd swear I've been here before. Oh, believe me, I have been. Space-time anomalies, alien telepathy, alternate realities. The list gets weirder as it goes on. Let me see a star chart of this region. Head for this system. I think we can make it. We'll be safe there, I'm sure of it. Taresia. Yes. It was in my dream. We'll be all right. (The new ship passes Voyager, firing at the Nasari.) They're already hailing us. Do you know me? What? Er, wait a minute. I still don't understand how this is possible. Our Doctor has found some genetic fragments in my DNA which could be part of an alien genetic structure. What I want to know is how I could have gotten them. My mother. What did you do to her? But you're saying I'm not. (The only other male there speaks. He has two adoring women hanging on his arms.) That's how Taresians say thank you, isn't it? But how could I know so much about a place I've never been? Yes, I can. These are words. Almost. I'd like to find out if I have any relatives here. Maybe talk to my biological parents. I'd like to stay for a while. I still have a lot of questions. Like me with Starfleet. All my life, that's all I ever wanted to do. Now I guess I know why. Strange to think that some alien DNA fragments have been controlling my life. Yes, I always wondered why I loved music so much when my parents, my human parents, were practically tone deaf. (The girls inject Taymon with a hypospray, then go to Kim.) Wait, wait a minute. What is that? I think I'll pass, thanks. First? And you're already planning on a second? It's called marriage, but it's usually one woman with one man. I wouldn't miss it. That's what my human parents used to say to me. How special I was. They'd been trying to have a baby for years until I came along. They called me their miracle child. They spoiled me rotten, making sacrifices so they could give me everything I wanted. But I never felt like I deserved that kind of devotion. I didn't see what was so special about me. I used to imagine that I had these hidden powers. I'd grow up to be stronger than a Klingon or able to read people's minds. Anything to make me more than just an average kid. Yeah, it does. That would be great. I already like it. I don't know about that. I'm happy where I am on Voyager. Thanks. I mean (strokes her cheek.) [Bridge] (Voyager is surrounded by the Nasari ships.) Why did they tie him like that? I guess I hadn't really thought of it that way. Actually, I should check in with Voyager. They'll be back by now. Kim to Voyager. This is Ensign Kim calling Voyager, do you read? It's been interesting. I was wondering if there's been any word from Voyager. It's been a long time. I hope they didn't run into trouble with the Nasari. Maybe so. No, I'll be fine, thanks. Goodnight. You're going to tuck me in? It's a human custom. Parents tuck their children into bed, tell them a story or sing a lullaby to them to help them get to sleep. (Eliann dims the lights and fetches a small pot from the dressing table.) Pleasant dreams. (She kisses him.) Mmm, that smells good. What are you doing here? Look, I appreciate the offer, but I'd really rather be alone. I can try. (He puts his boots back on.) I'm not joining with you or with anybody. No. Like I told you before, I'm going back to Voyager. My loyalty is to my crew and my family back home. Maybe this life wouldn't be so terrible. Three wives. I've got to think about my choice. You're right. I felt it too. I'm definitely considering you as one of my wives. (Kim sits Eliann on a chair, then takes Rinna's sash.) Well, it's like you said before. This could be exciting. Remember, you both want to make me happy, don't you? Sorry about that. [Outside Taymon's room]  Taymon, it's Harry. I really need your help. [Taymon's room] (Kim forces the doors open.) Are you in there? (He turns on the lights to discover a desiccated corpse on the bed, still with the blindfold on. He hears the door controls being operated, and grabs a metal instrument from the bedside table.) So this is what I should expect on my honeymoon? You mean easier for you to lead me to the slaughter. What'd you do to Taymon? That's why there are no men here. They don't leave with their embryos in stasis. They're killed. Was anything you told me true? About Taresians being born on other worlds? About my being one of you? Transformed. That's what these genes are doing to me. Don't count on it. You're going to take me to a communications terminal where I can contact my ship. (He takes her hostage. The other two wives enter.) Stay out of my way! I won't let you do this to me! Captain. They won't.  But Odysseus had been warned that these women, the Sirens, sang a song so beautiful that any man who heard it would be lured to his death. He told his crew to cover their ears so they couldn't hear the Siren's song. But he also had them tie him to the mast of the ship so he could listen himself without being led astray as they sailed past. It wasn't just the women. There was also something exciting about having a new identity, and being more than just young Ensign Kim. Being likeable is fine, but sometimes I wish I could be more, oh, confident with women. More like you. That'll be the day. Thanks a lot. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Hey, I need that. What if somebody tries to call? TAL: Shush. (A door opens and closes nearby.)KIM: What was that? What? Oh, funny. I can't sleep. I can't cuddle. I'm violating about half a dozen regulations by just being in this room. And what we did earlier? I don't know if Starfleet even has a regulation for that. Yes! No. What I'm saying is, it's a breach of protocol. The Captain instructed all away teams. No personal interaction with the Varro crew. I violated a direct order. No, only me. (The ship shakes slightly.) KIM: The warp engines. They've started the plasma transfer. We've got to get down there. We're late. What are you waiting for? You don't understand. If I'm not at my post. Funny. We'd better go in separately. [Varro ship - Central Control] Excuse me? I was checking the manifolds in segment twenty two. (Tal enters, and a shake makes her stagger.) They've had a lot of bad experiences with other species. What's that supposed to mean? I told you. I was checking the plasma conduits Who. Cute enough. What? You're right. You're absolutely right. I'm putting her out of my mind, I promise. See you in the morning. [Kim's quarters]  Computer, open a channel to Varro ship, segment sixteen, station two oh four. Encode transmission with security code alpha seven. I was testing myself. Seeing how long I could resist calling you. I lasted twenty two minutes. Since this is the first chance I've had to open a comm. link, complimented. Absolutely. I've got to be honest, I wasn't expecting something so different. I would've never guessed when it came down to the basics. Well, let's just say the birds and bees would be very confused.  Where would you most like to be right now? Besides my quarters. I like that. Besides your cabin? Sorry, I can't come up with anything better than your cabin. Now? I'd ask you to dim the lights. Okay, so we leave the lights on. [Bridge] What? Guilty. From the moment we first saw each other. It was like touching an open plasma relay. Maybe it is. We know what we're getting into. I guess they sort of improvised as they went along. Seven, you've been around humans for a while now. What do you think about love? Just curious. Romantic love. I guess I'm asking the wrong person. Condition? You make it sound like a disease. Forget it. I guess that's what I've been asking myself. (Kim gasps as a light flickers over his face.) I beg your pardon? Oh, it must be the lighting in here. It's nothing. I feel fine. Really? No. No. No. No kidding. Wait! There's no need for that. I can explain. Could you give us some privacy? There isn't and he won't. Please. (The EMH nods and Seven leaves.)KIM: Last night I had an encounter with one of the Varro. A personal encounter. Sex. We had sex. It was in the heat of the moment. I didn't think anything like this would happen. Do we have to drag her into this? I'm sorry. I don't know what I was thinking. Yes, ma'am. All Starfleet personnel must obtain authorisation from their C.O. as well as clearance from their Medical Officer before initiating an intimate relationship with an alien species. Permission to speak freely? With all due respect, this wasn't a fling. I've really gotten to know Tal, and I've developed true feelings for her. Yes, ma'am. Work? Too far off your course, huh? I'm afraid I've got some bad news. I er, I can't see you anymore. Captain's orders. Something happened to me this morning. I had a strange sensation and then my skin luminesced, just like last night. What shouldn't have happened? So can this process be reversed? Orders. It's an old story. Boy meets girl from the wrong side of the galaxy. Boy loses girl. It's not like we didn't know this was going to end. Two great weeks. Bye. Are you really going to let me leave? It's not. (They kiss passionately.) [Briefing room] I can't keep this comm. link open. Where are you? Okay. Get ready for a ride, I'm locking on. A shuttlecraft. A short range vessel. We use it for away mission. Anywhere. For a while, anyway. I'm not due back on Voyager until nineteen hundred hours. They think I'm still out repairing a hull fracture. I finished early. Direct violation of the Captain's orders. I must be crazy. Careful, that's the weapons array. You know you almost vaporised your living quarters. Where? Have a seat. (Off they fly.)TAL: Look at this. A subspace vacuole near the centre of the cloud. It must act as a gravitational anchor. There's so much data here it'll take weeks to analyse. Do you have a storage device? We need to download these reading. What? I've just never seen anyone so excited about a class three nebula before. Maybe I have. Don't stop. You're beautiful when you're scanning. Actually (Beep!) Stray radiation from the nebula. I thought it was the proximity alarm. Oh, you don't know Commander Tuvok. If he sees one electron out of place he calls for red alert. Here we are alone and all I can think about is duty and orders. That's why I took this shuttle. But every time I break a rule, I feel like my skull is going to decompress. I'm like some kind of Borg drone. Programmed. Except I was designed to be the perfect Starfleet officer. Top of his class, Captain of the Velocity team. Interstellar honours. First field assignment, bridge officer on a starship. Every cadet's dream come true. Oh no, the Delta Flyer. We're being hailed. Kim here. Yes sir, but why bring Tal? Tal? Captain.  Captain! I don't want treatment! Captain, I am not sick. I didn't disobey your orders because I'm under some alien influence. I disobeyed your orders because Tal and I are in love, and it's not right for you to keep us apart! Good. I have served on this ship for five years and said, yes, ma'am to every one of your orders. But not this time. Have you ever been in love, Captain? Did your skin ever flush when you were near another person? Did your stomach ever feel like someone hollowed it out with a knife when you were apart? Did your throat ever swell when you realised it was over? Seven of Nine, Seven of Nine told me love's like a disease. Well, maybe it is. Pheromones, endorphins, chemicals in our blood, changing our responses, physical discomfort, but any way you look at it, it's still love. That man you were going to marry. If you could have just taken a hypospray to make yourself stop loving him, so that it didn't hurt so much when you were away from him, would you have done that? (Whumph!) One of the junctions is about to decompress. (It is one close by, and debris hits Voyager.) Wait. If we stay where we are, and extend Voyager's structural integrity field around the Varro ship, we could buy them another minute or two. They could finish the evacuation. We can do it, Captain. The Captain gave me permission to say goodbye. Lovesick. Will you manage? So, where are you going? Do me one favour. Next time you run across a class three nebula, think of me. [Sickbay] Thank you. I understand. You reacted like any Captain would. Because Ensign Kim doesn't break the rules. I appreciate that. But that was five years ago. I've changed. Maybe I'm not the perfect officer anymore. Thanks. Hmm? For what? You're welcome. I had some time between duty shifts. Besides, it kept me occupied. I wish I could say it was working. I've got a disease, but I'm willing to live with the symptoms. Doesn't make much sense, does it?
Sir, are you sure we shouldn't wait for the Captain to get back? Aye, sir. Red alert! Security to the Bridge! You'll never get away with this. People will fight back. So what's this Ayala tells me about a new holonovel?  Captain, we just lost power in both transporter rooms. The com went down, and the holodeck systems are completely scrambled. [Holographic Brig]  Captain, you're not going to believe this, but Seska caused these cascade failures. And the transporters are still offline. Seska's revised programme is playing out as we speak. Seska's programme has completely disabled the relay access ports. [Engineering] KIM Still working on it, Captain. [Holographic Cargo Bay] Kim to Engineering. I think I can give you transporters now, Captain.
I've got them. Six thousand kilometres off starboard. They're not responding to hails. I'm getting a lot of strange readings. Any one of them could be a life form. I've tried. They're not responding. They're responding.  I've got the holograms' ship on sensors. That's not the only thing that's non-existent. According to sensors, there's no warp core, no impulse engines. No response. They're charging weapons. (Bang! go two consoles.) The holograms are tapping into the Sickbay emitters. They're trying to transfer the Doctor's programme off the ship. They've gone to warp. We're being hailed.  Bridge to Captain Janeway. Someone's tapping into a comm. relay in the mess hall. I can't. I've been locked out. [Briefing room]  They've transmitted a signal. They're moving away. Aye, Captain. You heard what they said, Captain. They're going to attack us if we get anywhere near them. Aye, Captain.
Live long and prosper. Naturally, no one was available to fix the malfunction I swear you could hear him grinding his teeth from across the bridge. Live long and prosper!  What kind of modifications? I'll start right away. No. No problem. Right. Part of the team.  Seven? Oh, hi. Yes, I thought we'd start in Jefferies tube thirty two B. Enhance the astrometric sensors, if that's okay with you. Unless this is a bad time. Maybe I can come back later. No, not at all. These things happen. That's good to know. No problem. I always wanted to learn Borg. I was kidding. It was a joke. You know, humour. What? Already? (Kim scans the unit.) Of course not. Just checking. Standard procedure. Actually, you've misaligned this optical assembly. Take a look. It's off by point five degrees. So, what do you do for fun down in Cargo Bay two? You know. Relaxation, entertainment, during your off hours. That's a lot of time by yourself. After you. (They go down a ladder to where power cables are running down the wall. Seven That's all well and good, but there are safety procedures we've got to follow. Maybe so, but you've been assigned to me and I say we do this by the book. All right? Well, now that we've got that cleared up.  [Command chamber] How do we get it out of here? A what? Okay. On three. On the count of three we pull together. One, two, three. (They pull the node out, but Seven cuts her hand in the process.) Ooo, that looks pretty bad. You'd better get to Sickbay. No more than the rest of us. You'll be fine. Come on, I'll walk you there.  [Sickbay] I'll see you back in the Cargo Bay. (Seven leaves.)KIM: What kind of bedside manner was that? Can't you see she's feeling vulnerable, and here you are going on about severed nerves and major surgery. Yes she was. I can see it on her face. [Doctor's office] Well, I've gotten to know her a little better. I don't think most people realise she's not just some Borg automaton. She's actually very complex. Yes, she is. She's even got a sense of humour. It's offbeat, a bit subtle maybe, and she's incredibly intelligent. See? See what I mean? It's Borg this, Borg that. You can't resist making a joke. There's a woman in there, if you'd take the time to look. What? No, not at all. Maybe just a little. Just trying to make her feel like part of the team. Thanks for the advice. (Kim leaves.) I had this midnight inspiration about reconfiguring astrometric projectors. I hope you weren't regenerating. This is tricky stuff. It could use your touch. Your way of looking at things. A fresh perspective. Why don't you sit down? This could take a while. You'd be more comfortable. Okay. But it's relaxing, don't you think? After hours, quiet. Voyager isn't all Jefferies tubes and cargo bays, you know. Tell you what, when we're done here, I'll take you to the holodeck. We'll run the Ktarian moonrise simulation. It's beautiful. What do you mean? I don't know what you're talking about. Well, no. No! I mean. I, I don't know what I mean. Er, Seven. Look, this is a little sudden. I was just trying to. Part of the team, you know? Maybe we should just quit for now. We've completed the schematics for the Astrometrics lab. She's not much for procrastinating. It might be better, more practical, to bring in an engineering team for that. In fact, they should probably take over at this point. I would, of course. Er, I just don't think that would be the best use of ship's personnel. Oh, no, Commander, you don't have to do that. I'm sure Seven can handle things without me. No, no problem. No sir, there's no problem. Not at all. Absolutely not. Er, so if you'll excuse me, I'll be going now. We had a misunderstanding. It's nothing really important. Just your basic Borg - human cultural differences. You, you, you spoke, you spoke to her? Can't imagine. Sir. Aye, sir.
 All set here, Captain. Pattern cohesion looks stable. [Cargo Bay one] JANEWAY  Initiating rematerialisation sequence.  Got it. Align the confinement beam to ten angstroms. Energising. [Cargo Bay one]  We're trying to correct it now. [Cargo Bay one] Aye, Captain. [Transporter room]  It's working. [Cargo Bay one] We're being hailed. I think I can tap into his computer, override the lockout. JANEWAY: Do it. (They get the bipedal alien on the viewscreen. Deep-set eyes, down-turned mouth, ears set a long way back. Possible saurian ancestors.) Absolutely. Energising. (Torat is beamed onto the bridge.) Engines are back online. Ready, Captain. Pattern cohesion stable. [Cargo Bay one] JANEWAY
Sorry, Doc. I'm doing the best I can. I'd give anything to trade places with him right now. I don't know if I can take three more days of chasing comets with him.  We're under attack! This is the Federation ship Delta Flyer. We're on a peaceful mission. Hold your fire. Photonic insurgent? If you're referring to the hologram, he's our doctor. Seven, we've lost thrusters. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] Voyager, this is the Flyer. Mayday. [Delta Flyer - cockpit]  Come in. Remodulate our shields. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] KIM Seven, they're pulling us in. You're going to have to hide the Doctor's programme. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] Seven? You got what you wanted. Let us go. I want to talk to your superior. [Lokirrim ship - Detention cell] That'd be the least of our problems. Not as desperate? We're prisoners on an alien ship. Voyager has no idea we're missing, and the Doctor's been decompiled. Doc? And now you're in control of Seven's body? What about Seven? Is she all right? Then we need the mobile emitter. Careful. That's not your body, remember? What? I don't smell anything. It's been a busy day. I guess I'm perspiring a little. They're prison rations. My uniform probably tastes better. Why? There's just one small problem. You don't have a stomach. Where is the food going to go? Maybe we should focus on something more productive, like getting out of here. I'm the senior officer. If you're going to take someone, take me. Are you drunk? What happened? You had a dinner date in Seven's body? I won't ask what you had to do to get this. Let's download your programme before they change their mind. Hey, careful where you point those tubules. Easy. How do you feel? Shush! Seven, you were aware of everything? Shush. I know this is difficult for you, but you're going to have put up with it until we can get out of here. Maybe you can tap into their comm. system, get a message to Voyager. Ow, argh, ow. Where the hell have you been? I had to fake a seizure before the guard would let me see you. Did you get a look at their computer? Kissing? Shush. All right, listen. You can argue all you want when we get back to Voyager, but that's not going to happen unless we come up with a plan. Did you learn anything about their comm. system? If we can get those codes to Voyager, they may be able to disable the shields and beam us out. Can you get aboard?
On all frequencies. No response. Picking up floating debris composed of duranium, magnesite and electroceramics. Also heavy traces of carbon residue. Transport complete. I'm picking up debris again. More duranium, magnesite, carbon residue. It's the remnants of another ship. Transport under way. [Engineering] And we found a residual energy displacement within the debris field that isn't consistent with the explosion itself. I've got a Kazon raider approaching at bearing two eight eight mark nine. They're moving into a lower orbit. Looks like they're intending to enter the atmosphere. Shall we take Voyager down?
No sign of damage to the outer hull. Primary systems are online including life support. Something must have happened to the crew.  Bridge to Janeway. The vessel's moving away at high impulse. [Astrometrics lab] KIM  Bridge to Janeway. They're gone. [Dauntless Engineering] So what are we waiting for? Come on, where's that Borg spirit? We'll adapt. Quantum field strength down to ninety percent. Eighty percent. It's levelling off at seventy five. Seventy percent. Fifty five. Forty nine percent. One step closer to home. Seven, can you give me a hand down here? I'm picking up an anomalous energy surge. Believe me, Seven, one look at that big blue marble, and you'll fall in love. It's got just about every ecosystem you can think of, and hundreds of different humanoid species live there. Bolians, Vulcans, Ktarians. If you like Ktarians. And there are several other planets to choose from. Seven. For what's it worth, it won't be the same without you. (Seven smiles slightly and leaves. Kim tracks his anomolous reading to inside a panel. He reaches in with his tricorder and gets a slight shock, then I'm on the Dauntless, in the engine room, and I've found something [Bridge] KIM  Make it quick. Hull temperature's at critical. (Voyager enters the tunnel.) Structural integrity's down by nine percent. We've got less than an hour before the hull starts to buckle.  I've got them, Commander, Transporter Room two.
He lost his last two times out. You think that's bad? Try taking a parrises mallet to the ribs. Three time Academy champion. Now, that's a tough sport. Oh, was that a challenge, Commander? I can take a punch. Hey, you want to go a few rounds, or all you all talk? Oh, you punch like a Ferengi. [Corridor] He's a Pendari. They're known for their superior strength. I hear they have a tendency to throw their opponents into the stands. Seven! Seven! Seven! Seven!  Maybe their lifesigns are masked? Holograms? But when we connected the dots, we realised that the pattern conformed to a flight path. Oh, this is no carnival. Five million metric tons, reinforced hull plating protected by covariant shielding. Neutronic weaponry. Our sensors can't penetrate their shields. Still no sign of Seven, but I've got a lock on Tuvok. Transport complete.  That section's protected by multiphasic force fields. I can't penetrate them. Still can't get a lock. Hull breach on deck eleven.  They've reduced power to their forcefields. I've got two lifesigns in there. Seven and a Hirogen but I can't get an individual lock.
The forward array is ready to scan for temporal phase-shifting, chronoton particles or field flux. I would, sir. I know Captain Janeway wouldn't want us to be sitting around moping. She'd want us to be cheering each other up, remembering the good times. Like the away mission when we found all those bushes of over-ripe fruit. I must have eaten half a kilo. My hands and mouth were all purple, and the Captain. The Captain came and sat down next to me, and her mouth was all stained too. She put her arm around my shoulder and she said. She said, Ensign, these are the times we have to remember. It. It's. Sorry.
I've already configured the long range sensors to scan for transwarp signatures. An early warning system. In case we take on some uninvited guests? Captain, long range sensors are picking up transwarp signatures. Five point eight light years distant, closing from behind. I'm reading two Borg vessels. Make that three. Four. No, five. Fifteen Borg vessels. Distance two point one light years and closing. I'm picking up a polaron beam. We're being scanned. (A green vertical beam passes around the bridge.) No. Shields held. Warp engines are coming back online. All primary systems are stable. Yes, ma'am. Something strange is going on. They're dead in the water, about five point two light years from here. We're approaching the ships. A few, but they're erratic. But they did it. Fifteen Cubes! We might've just found our ticket through Borg space. An ally. Hold on. I'm picking up some sort of bio-readings. They're coming from the outer hull of one of the Borg ships. It's definitely organic, but our sensors can't penetrate its surface. I can't get a lock on it. Whatever that thing is, it's impervious to our technology. Looks like they're a little preoccupied. Commander. (Kim has found Kes' pile of Borg.) Didn't Kes say we were all going to die? Doesn't look like he's having much luck. It's a ship? Aye, sir.  There's someone in here with us and it's not the Borg. I can't localise it but it's within twenty metres. From where? (The alien appears. It is bipedal, but walks like a bird, leaning forward. It turns and slashes Kim with its claws. He screams as they are beamed out.) [Bridge] Thanks. Reporting for duty, sir. The Doctor gave me a clean bill of health. Did I miss anything? Transporters are offline! Shields and weapons are down. [Borg Chamber] I'm reading power fluctuations in the deflector array. It looks like the Borg have accessed deflector control. They're trying to realign the emitters. They've bypassed security protocols. (A green beam is emitted from the deflector dish.) I still don't have deflector control. Borg modifications are complete. Torpedo launch tubes active. Hull armour engaged. Shield enhancements stable. I've got a visual. Shields and weapons are offline! They're charging weapons! (Then one by one, the bioships go KaBOOM.) Captain, she's tapping into helm control. She's trying to access our coordinates. I can't.
Showing no life signs. That is an unusually high EM reading for a natural occurrence. Doc, I don't feel so good.  You'd think with warp technology, they would have encountered other alien life before now. What seems to be the problem? I'm reading a electrical storms forming all around us. The barometric pressure is continuing to fall. We're looking at monsoon conditions out there. (The storm is building on the surface. Chakotay explores and finds a cave, but lightning strikes are guarding the entrance. He takes a chance and manages to dodge inside.) Captain, it's a cyclone. Could we go to low warp under these conditions? I'm showing an eight percent boost in the engines. Impact in twenty seconds.  Impact in ten seconds. (The shaking suddenly stops.) The storms have completely dissipated. There's not a cloud in the sky.
Based on the residual neutrino levels, I'd estimate it's been at least six months since the wormhole's last appearance. Aye, Captain. If they've got a replicator, it could mean the wormhole leads to the Alpha Quadrant, and that someone's travelled through it.  We've been able to confirm that the wormhole does lead to the Alpha Quadrant. So we were thinking, if you can't bring the ship to the wormhole, bring the wormhole to the ship. We've detected a subspace instability at our current location that's a result of the wormhole's last appearance here. We haven't figured that part out yet. [Temple square] (The deal has been done.) Apparently, but we've confirmed what nobody knew at the time. The wormhole is fixed in the Alpha Quadrant. But in the Delta Quadrant, it jumps around. It turned out to be worthless. So far everything is going according to plan, but it's tricky. There are a hundred factors that could deflect it from this sector. A gravimetric shift, a solar flare. Aye, Captain.  Initiating photon bursts. [Town square] (Three bright lights appear in the sky.) Boosting power to the annular confinement beam. [Temple] CROWD Activating emergency containment field. I'm trying, but the targeting scanners are out of phase.  Captain, the Ferengi are emitting a graviton pulse. It's throwing the targeting scanners off again. Not only that, it's destabilising the wormhole. (The ship shudders again.) Captain, the entrance to the wormhole is moving. The Ferengi graviton pulse must have increased its rotational momentum. The Ferengi graviton pulse knocked the wormhole completely off its subspace axis. It's jumping erratically now on both ends. There are none.
 Captain, someone's locked onto our probe with a tractor beam. Aye, Captain. No response. Captain? You're going to steer the probe into a gas giant. No response.  The probe's stuck in a deep layer of liquid hydrogen and methane about ten thousand kilometres below the outer atmosphere. It's not responding to commands. Here we go again. Speak for yourself, Commander. If we used isomagnetic EPS conduits in the plasma manifold, we could maximise the power distribution. I'm willing to put in as much overtime as it takes. Er, B'Elanna? Aye, sir. Well, we've got to come up with something or we'll never get this thing off the ground. Where are you going? What for? Forty seconds to launch. B'Elanna. Twenty seconds to launch. Hatch sealed. Ten seconds. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. [Bridge] There's the Malon shuttle. Two hundred kilometres off the port bow and three thousand kilometres from the probe. We've lost power to secondary systems. They're losing attitude control. They're pulling up. Still out of transport range. I've got a lock. Beaming the probe into the cargo hold. Got it! I can't. They're fried. (Torres pulls a cover off another section and places it over the failing panel, then starts to weld it in place.) That'll never hold. Er, there's one in the transporter control circuitry. Glad you decided to come along. [Bridge]
Sorry! It's the darn fluid conduits running through the walls. They conduct sound. You'd think when they designed this thing, they would have Where am I supposed to practice? Bad acoustics. We couldn't do that. Could we? Look, I'm trying to prepare for an important performance. No, Susan Nicoletti and I have been working on a new orchestral programme for the holodeck. Not when she plays the oboe. EM signature indicates that a major solar flare occurred here nineteen years ago. It did a lot more than that. They were hit by magnetic storms and extreme levels of radiation. The biosphere seems to be recovering. Scanning the settlement. There's evidence of advanced technology, warp reactors, subspace transmitters, but no lifesigns. Captain, I'm picking up something from the surface. I think we're being hailed. There aren't. I scanned the entire surface. It must be an automated signal. I would think so, Captain, unless. Checking below the surface. Nothing one kilometre down. Two kilometres. Wait a minute. I think I've got something two point three kilometres down. Extremely faint bio-signatures. Three humanoids. Not at this distance. But I am picking up two more humanoids at the same location who are dead. Not that I can see. I'm not reading any pathway failures in the hibernation pods. The circuitry all seems to be functioning. Looks like their brains are interconnected in a complex sensory system controlled by this computer. According to these indicators, Captain, their minds are active. The encephalographic readings suggest they're dreaming, but there's some kind of interactivity with the computer. It's not just scanning their brain functions, it's sending a data stream back to them as well. For the moment, it's as good a theory as any.  The system was supposed to bring these people out of hibernation four years ago. However, it wasn't left entirely to the computer. The programmers obviously wanted the people in the system to decide for themselves when it would be safe to come out. This was accomplished by a subroutine that periodically displayed atmospheric conditions to them. Exactly. This subroutine has remained available to these people since it was activated four years ago. It's literally an escape hatch. No. That's what's so odd about this. As far as I can tell, it's working perfectly. I don't know. The Doc is right. I have no idea how to disconnect them without causing neural damage. I just don't know the system well enough. We could add a backup life support system, using our own computer and medical stasis technology. How do you feel? These must be characters generated by the computer, but I don't see our people. Excuse me. We're trying to find some friends. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to bump into you. Yes, we are. We're not getting very far. (A very large figure with a mask of giant teeth stops them.) That's right. Three of them. You've got it. (They try to fight the acrobats and dancer, but to no avail.) Are you a lifeform? Or some kind of computer virus that penetrated this system? Disappear. Because you're characters created by this programme, and once their minds stop interacting with the system, you won't exist anymore. The two we found dead both suffered from massive heart attacks. You scared them to death. [Cargo Bay 1] That would be a mistake. You'd be missing an opportunity. Fine. So you know. You'll also know that what I'm about to tell you is the truth. You'd be smart to let one of us go. This is your chance to send the outside world a message. To tell them your demands. Otherwise, you run the risk of our people shutting down the whole system. Because I promise you, they won't let us stay in here for long. (The characters go into a huddle.) How did this happen? It's almost as though he can read our minds. He seems to know what we're thinking. Look, we don't have time for regret. My people are working on a way, right now, to get us out of here. And we have to help them if we can. Why does he do it? This is not reality. It's an illusion. Like the man said, The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. No. The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. No! (Someone takes the Clown's hand and lifts it away from Kim.) Starting to feel better. I don't know that for sure. I'd rather die than spend my life in here with you. She knows that. Yes. The captain would sacrifice herself to save the hostages.  We'll get you out of here, Captain. I promise.
I didn't notice a little box on my chair. (Beep!) I'm detecting residual weapons signatures. They're Borg. No offence, but how do you know that this wasn't some kind of a dream? She's right. This is no different.  Someone's trying to tap into the main computer. It's some kind of transwarp signal. It's activating the comm. What did she mean by that? Direct hit to their shield emitters. No damage. Our forward shields are down. Direct hit to the port nacelle. We're venting plasma. The Cube's changing course. New heading, one twenty one mark six. Too much shielding around the central plexus. I can't get a lock. Someone's accessing our tactical controls. Our shields are down. Hull breaches, decks five, six, seven. And as you may have noticed, we're in no shape to mount a rescue. The warp core is online. Navigational array. Shields at twenty percent. Someone's tapping into our holographic systems. It's a Borg signal. They're on an intercept course. I'm isolating their bio-signatures. I still can't penetrate their inner shields.
I'm picking up Icheb's life signs. Bio-scans indicate he's unconscious.
 When I checked the overnight sensor logs this little surprise was waiting for me. One hundred twenty. At first I thought it was an asteroid cluster, until I picked up a residual warp signature. Unless we alter course, we'll get our chance. The debris field's directly ahead. I'm picking up the source of the interlink frequency. Bearing oh two seven mark three. Their vessel is well-armed, Captain. I'm picking up twenty two phaser cannons on the aft section alone. They're responding. They're charging weapons.  Shields down to sixty percent. Shields to thirty five percent. No response.
 We've rerouted all available power to the thrusters but we can't break free. They're not responding. No response. (A console explodes.) Captain, there's another vessel approaching at high impulse. Captain, this one wants to talk. Graviton surge in thirty four seconds. Looks like somebody got to them before we did. Their technology and supplies have been picked clean. We can convert it into a power source. It's someone we've already met. [Bridge] VALEN We have hull breeches on decks five and six. Garon's hailing.  There's a funnel forming in grid four. Graviton surge in ninety eight seconds. Surge in fifty seconds. Thirty seconds. We're receiving a hail from Valen's ship, audio only. Surge in five seconds, four.
This mapping technology is ten times more accurate than what we've been using. Seven, will you do the honours? We've plotted a new course home. Bridge to Captain. Sorry to interrupt, but the Krenim vessel is back. They're demanding to speak with you. [Bridge] Captain, there's a spatial distortion heading towards us. Whatever it is, it's huge. Five light years across and it's expanding. Direct hit to our secondary hull. Short range only. With what? Phaser banks are burned out, torpedo launchers are offline. No, sir. The overload's spreading. Half that deck is going to blow in less than five minutes. The conduits on deck five are overloading. Thirty seconds till they blow. [Deck five]  Fifteen seconds! [Jefferies Tube deck five] (The EMH holds the hatch open as two people run along the corridor.) Sections ten through fifty three on deck five are gone. Try to relax. Let's get back to the game. Grace Kelly. Cat burglars. The Riviera. Name the title and the male lead. Right. Wrong. Cary Grant. I think you're getting them confused because they have the same initials. It was Grant. Fire away. M'Kota R'Cho. The first and only Klingon to play the game. During the finals of 2342 one of the referees called a penalty against his team. R'Cho strangled him. You're looking at a true sports aficionado. Let's see, how about interstellar history? Are you all right? Actually, it's been about six hours. Try to hang on, B'Elanna. The emergency crews are going find us any minute. Come on, hurry up! Okay. Er, it's a famous ship. Er, pre-warp civilisation. Er, Montana. Er, second stage had chemical engines. Vulcans. Er, Earth, First Contact. Okay, here, here, you'd better lie down now. Enough trivia for now. Seven of Nine can go take a look. We have to get you to the Doctor. What? Not bad. I didn't realise you knew so much about Earth history. Really. It's a warship. They're matching course.  They're charging weapons. They're targeting the bridge. [Deflector control]  They're firing. Captain, there's some kind of spatial distortion heading toward us. Sensor readings are erratic. I can't identify the phenomenon. Unknown. But it originated approximately twenty light years from our position. It looks like a shockwave in the fabric of space-time. Captain. (The Krenim warship shrinks before their eyes.) It's definitely a Krenim ship. Identical hull markings, same biospectral frequency, but it's half the size. Limited fire power. Yes, ma'am.  That entire vessel's in a state of temporal flux. It's like they exist outside space-time. I'm trying, but I can't isolate their signals. I'm reading a massive energy build-up. Some kind of weapon. Captain, that energy beam. It's pushing Voyager out of the space-time continuum. What about Tom and Chakotay? They're not in pursuit. Looks like a malfunction in the ventilation system. Okay, I'm going to try reversing the osmotic pressure on this deck. Whoa! The gas corroded the circuit relays. We've got three minutes of air left. Not bad. Not bad at all. We're operating at thirty two percent efficiency. I think I can bring it up to fifty, but I'll need a few more days. Captain, with the deflector down those micrometeoroids are beginning to erode the hull. Micro-meteoroid density [Outside Deflector control] KIM  The captain's accessed manual control. She's stabilising the particle emitters. She's got it! Deflectors online! Yes, ma'am. In fact, we're in the process of charting a new course home. They're hailing us. Sounds great.
According to the bioscanner, it's a Vidiian female. No response. Aye, Captain. [Sickbay]
Is what true? What have you been telling people? The holodeck? You've got to be kidding. That lasted all of fifteen minutes. Nothing. Nothing. We talked, and then I fell over the side. Captain, sensors indicate five lifeforms aboard. Aye, Captain. (The image of a human looking man comes on the viewscreen.) That's beautiful. Are you a musician? Then it must work on a principle of non-linear resonance, adjusting to the dynamic variables in the atmosphere. In a sense. Can you show me how to operate it? So the whole thing exploded and there we were, seventy thousand light years from home and no way to get back. It felt pretty lonely. Noble? Sure. It's no secret. Go right ahead. I've got a few others too.  Where are we? Why is it so much warmer here? (A breeze starts up.) What is that? Dawn? We just got here. That's, that is an amazing feeling. What's happening? I'll say. Why am I seeing two suns? But your planet only has one sun. Eudana, where are we? How far? Please, it's important. That's almost forty thousand light years. (Euphoric Eudana cuddles up to Kim.) Er, we have to go back. No, er, we're going back, and I need you to tell me everything you know about that platform that got us here. [Plaza] Captain! Excuse me for interrupting but I've just found out about something incredible. That platform. It's a transportation device. Extremely sophisticated. It operates on the principle of folding space. Well, these people have. I've just been to Alastria and back. Alastria is forty thousand light years away. Apparently it's never been used to move anything as large as Voyager, but as I understand the principle of space folding, the size of the object isn't relevant. But we wouldn't abuse it. Don't you see what it would mean to us? I can't believe they're not going to help us. Some kind of hospitality. Still, there's a reason why it's Starfleet's General order number one. On the whole, it does a lot more good than harm. Stories. Stories are an important part of their culture. They seem to provide more than entertainment. They're kind of a measuring rod of values and beliefs. We have a huge library in our databanks. We could offer them the whole thing. All the great literature of dozens of cultures. What's wrong? She will. [Janeway's quarters] (Janeway is entertaining Gath with a piece of pie.) I don't understand. Why is it so important I come here now? What's this about? Is that something you're authorised to do? So you'd stand to benefit from this arrangement, right? Captain Janeway has asked the Magistrate to send us forty thousand light years. I don't know what to do. I know we'd all like to get that much closer to home, but I don't think Captain Janeway is going to go for getting the technology like that. Right. No, he just made it clear that our only choice was to get the trajector technology from him. Goodnight, Captain. Lieutenant. (Kim leaves.)  Captain, I'm showing an unstable plasma manifold. We're heading for a breach.
Leave some for the rest of us. Not yet. Still no response to hails. Captain, there's a ship approaching from astern. We're being hailed. Neelix does too many things to have just one station. He's our Ambassador, morale officer
You'll never get away with this. You're wrong, Chaotica. Before you came on board, someone pushed the self-destruct button. In three minutes, we'll all be dead. He's one of our men. Computer, adjust the Doctor's spectral frequency. (The Doctor becomes monochrome.) Oh, nothing, Commander. Just a little power surge. We're fixing it now, sir. Nada. All systems are operating within normal parameters.  Listen, maybe we've got the wrong attitude. Let's think of this as a two year vacation. You're such an optimistic guy. (Chakotay returns to the bridge, to gaze at a completely black viewscreen.) [Neelix's quarters] (Neelix wakes with a start.) Sir. Not even a stray electron. But I did finish writing my concerto. I call it 'Echoes of the Void.' Got a minute? Tell me what you think. (Kim starts playing again.) [Holodeck - Proton's ship] We've dropped out of warp. We're losing power. No effect. (The power goes off all over the ship. A black vessel in black space.) I was hoping for a change of pace, but a blackout isn't exactly what I had in mind. I'll try tapping into the energy reserves. [Engineering]  Bingo. We've got partial sensors. I've found the cause of our power drain. It's some kind of dampening field. The source is off the port bow. That's about all I can tell you. Maybe one, why? A warp flare.  Emergency power just came back. We've got tactical. They're reinitialising the dampening field. We're losing power. [Engineering]  There's another vessel approaching. (It has all guns blazing at the three ships. They fly away.) We're being hailed.  I'm picking up photonic surges. They're all around us. Just find, ma'am. What about us? Don't we have a say? I'm sorry, Captain. The port nacelle's been ruptured. We're venting plasma. Direct hit, starboard nacelle. Not yet. That little manoeuvre brought us up a bit short. We're still two hundred thousand kilometres from the boundary. I see a densely packed region with thousands of star systems. It looks pretty lively.
Matter antimatter reaction at twenty two cochranes and rising. (Then it stops again.) Intake manifolds eleven and thirteen are still blocked. How could we forget? Amazing. How did you come up with the pattern duplication design?  I'll start here. You said the Borg got this stuff from species two five nine. Who are they? Guess the Borg meet a lot of people, don't they? Stupid question. So, what's it like out there in Galactic Cluster three? Try me. Ah. Interesting. (Seven's eyepiece zooms in on a communications node - Starfleet ID 59S47B.)  Captain, I'm picking up some strange energy readings from deck two, the mess hall. The bulkhead in that section is coming apart.  The molecules in Kes' body are destabilising. It's interfering with the transporter.  Hull breach on decks three, four and five. I've been trying. Her atomic structure is completely destabilising. [Shuttlecraft] We're coming apart!
It looks like the Kazon have retreated, Captain.  More damage reports coming in, Captain. There's a hull breach on deck four, forcefields in place, repair crews on the way. Yes ma'am. [Sickbay] Captain, you can't be serious. This goes against everything Why don't we just contact Seska and form an alliance with her? I don't see any trace of him. Shields at full power. Captain. Ships. Kazon ships on long range sensors, closing fast. They're hailing us, Captain. I'll put it on screen.
Never let the opponents know your hand. I see your ten, and raise you twenty. If I didn't know any better, I'd say we're being hustled. Oh, I'm not buying the innocent Talaxian routine. I'm in. Two pair. I knew you were bluffing. Looks like they used a dispersal field to mask their approach. I need time to clear the injectors. [Delta Flyer - cockpit] We lost two more relays. I can't! (Another hit knocks Kim out.) [Delta Flyer - cockpit] I need to respond on the same carrier wave. Well, don't worry. I'm way ahead of you. [Maturation area] Delta Flyer to Voyager, respond.  Still in the Flyer. It's locked up in some kind of hanger bay, along with two alien ships. [Bridge] Yes, ma'am. I could use the exercise. Understood. [Cube - computer access station]  King of clubs on a power coupling. I'm marking my route with playing cards in case I have to come back the same way. I need a little distraction. This hike is bringing up some bad memories. [Astrometrics lab] No, a haunted house my parents took me to when I was six.  Tuvok? Nine of diamonds on a data node. [Maturation area]  Tetryon levels are rising. I'm getting closer. I see it. The first charge is in place. Tuvok? Hello? Is Seven your friend? You know, she's my friend, too. Maybe someday, we
I don't suppose they found us a shortcut home. Aye, Captain. Don't get lost.(Kim removes the mobile emitter.) [Zimmerman's living quarters]
That's a month after we left Deep Space Nine. They must be looking for us. Sorry, Captain. It's drifted inside an ionised hydrogen cloud. The cloud's interfering with our sensor readings. I'm afraid not. Should I beam it aboard? They're not responding, Captain. Kazon ship is in pursuit. Rerouting power to compensate. No, sir. The Kazon are powering their warp engines, Captain. The Kazon ship is hailing us. Captain, their deflector shields are creative a feedback loop. It's neutralising the tractor emitter. It's too late. They've gone to warp. [Cargo bay] (Torres climbs out of the Kazon shuttle.) The question is, how do we dislodge it without losing structural integrity? With power down, our containment fields are already extremely unstable. Captain, I've got some floating debris at bearing three one nine mark four. I'm not sure yet. This one's definitely ours, Starfleet issue. Kim to the Captain. I'm picking up several vessels converging on the Nistrim's location. That's difficult enough when both ships are travelling at warp. The Kazon ship's not even moving. Maybe, but at a relative speed of two billion kilometers per second, it's pretty tough to get a lock on somebody.
They re-cloaked. They've re-cloaked again. Tetryon readings indicate it's a D-Seven Class cruiser.  Captain, the Klingon ship. Its core is breaching. He's right. Their core is going to breach in less than thirty seconds. Ten seconds. Five, four, three. Couldn't they have just followed us? Where are they going to sleep? Okay, everybody relax. Take it easy. (Kim manhandles Ch'Rega.) KIM: That's enough! I cut myself shaving. One of the Klingons attacked me. Not him, her. And she wasn't provoked. She was aroused. Then maybe you can tell me how to convince a female twice my size that I'm not interested. Great. What's this? Shush. Have you seen her? That Klingon woman. The one I got into a scrape with in the mess hall. That's her. She's been following me everywhere. She wants to mate. I guess it's a matter of taste. (Ch'Rega appears. Kim heads for the Jefferies tube.) KIM: You never saw me. Neelix, what the hell are you doing? Yes, sir. Whatever you say. Excuse me. I've studied Klingon transport systems. The basic technology isn't all that different. We usually don't like to do that for safety reasons, but in a pinch we can expand the buffer capacity. Exactly. They work on the same principles as yours. [Sickbay]  Good morning, Commander.
Just keeping it warm for you. Hope you don't mind. That's the shield array. This controls the tractor emitters. Whoa, whoa, whoa! He just activated the photon torpedo banks. Aye. Which one? There's practically a fleet out there. They're charging weapons.  Still no response to our hails. What do you say we give it a try? I'll go first. Now you. When you first taught me how to play, I wasn't very good either. But you kept encouraging me, and pretty soon I scored my first kal-toh. It just takes practice, that's all. You really made this? Mmm, this is great. Hey, you better watch out, Neelix. Tuvok may put you out of a job. (Janeway enters.) She must have heard me.  Here we go, Captain. A nine million terrawatt cloaking field in grid two one six. Aye, Captain. It's an armed outpost. Approximately three thousand life signs, twenty two ships. No response, Captain. They're responding. Audio only. (The Ba'Neth sound as if they are gargling.)
Having no trouble penetrating the crust, Captain. [Transporter room] JANEWAY Captain, there are no stars outside. Captain, I don't believe this, but according to my readings, we're being attacked by protons. We've been reduced to subatomic proportions.
Captain, we're receiving an automated distress call. Coordinates one twenty one by two six eight. Range, two billion kilometres. I can't tell. Two, but they're erratic. All this theta radiation. It's disrupting subspace. Transporter room one to Commander Chakotay. We're ready to proceed. Still too much interference. I'll try compensating. Stand by for further instructions. Voyager to away team. Transporter interference has cleared. We're locked onto your coordinates. Stand by. Aye sir. They've vented five decks. Ten to go. Acknowledged. We've got him. He's okay. Not yet. [Astrometrics lab] As long as they're in the control room I can't get a lock I got them. [Sickbay]
Ready? (The tune changes to Wagner's Bridal Chorus.) They're saving the painsticks for the honeymoon. Hmm? Oh. It doesn't make any sense. We knew about the subspace radiation and we ran dozens of simulations before we brought the new drive online.  Hungry? Married one day and you're already domesticated. So you're saying all our experiences before we were duplicated, none of it's real? Tom. I just wanted to say, I'm sorry about B'Elanna. She was your wife. You heard the Captain. If we're going to survive this, we've got to believe in ourselves. She is to me. I don't know. So what are we going to do, huh? Wait around till we all disintegrate? [Janeway's quarters] It may not be home, but it checks out. Thermionic radiation, surface temperatures in excess of five hundred Kelvins. Yes, ma'am. They're hailing. The damaged sections are turning into biomimetic matter. Containment fields are failing. No change. Captain? A time capsule. The deflector's offline. Interstellar dust is contaminating the warp field. Got it. What was that? Seal off that deck. (He sees the bulkhead behind his old station ripple)KIM: Computer, erect a level ten force field around the bridge. Seven, I need more power up here. The bulkheads are coming apart. [Engineering]  That's better. How's life support?  What about the time capsule? Do it. [Engineering] Reset the [Bridge] Initiator. Try it again. [Engineering]  Salvage the probe. [Engineering]  Personal logs, mission logs, all our history, gone. Now what? [Engineering] I see it. I'm trying to hail them. The subspace transceiver's malfunctioning. If they move out of range, they won't see us. We still have one active comm. circuit but we'll have to go to impulse to use it. Seven, drop out of warp. [Engineering]  Then unfuse them.  Dump the core. [Engineering] We're already falling apart. We're not going to make it [Engineering] KIM Which means that ship is our only hope. Think about it. What would Captain Janeway have done? [Engineering]  Reroute life support! Hell, reroute everything we've got left to the containment fields. [Engineering] Seven. Seven! Computer, how long until we're within hailing range of that ship? Captain, I've found the source of the distress call. It's coming from a vessel. No, the readings are erratic. Looks like they've taken heavy damage. No sign of it.
 Congratulations, buddy. Actually, I think it was a transmission from the Borg. It's all over now. No more late nights on the holodeck. No more racing the Delta Flyer. I've seen it happen. The new dad gets tied down with family. Old friends drop away. If you say so. Kidding aside, how's it feel? Maybe that's what pregnancy's for. Time to let reality sink in, before your life spins out of control. [Jefferies tube] What happened? My couch is your couch. You'll make up. You always do. She's going to have a great life. Piloting a ship from your lap, battling Doctor Chaotica on the holodeck. She's always been sensitive about being part Klingon. You know that. But it does explain why this is so important to her. Maybe you should tell her you understand. It might make her less defensive, and then maybe it would be easier for her to see your point of view. Like I said, my couch is your couch. [Torres' memories - campsite] Kim here.  Access has been restricted. I'll have to bypass them. [Sickbay] I'm cutting power to the surgical bay, now. (Paris turns off the gene resequencer.)
There. It's registering only on subspace bands. We don't even have it on long range sensors yet. Too far away. We'd have to be within a thousand kilometres to get a detailed analysis. That would mean a significant course change. Affirmative, Captain, and the anomaly is still registering on subspace bands. Aye Captain. It's virtually microscopic. The aperture is only about thirty centimetres in diameter. That's right. It could carry a compressed data transmission to Federation space in minutes. I can't get any directional readings at all. The aperture is too small. We're receiving telemetry. (The viewscreen shows a green tunnel.) Microscopic gravitational eddies, extremely constricted spatial dimensions. The pathway's barely wider than the probe itself. No, I can do it. Maybe it'll take longer to get through, but the wormhole's still stable enough to carry a transmission. I'll try extrapolating the verteron exit vector. No, I can't get it. There's a strange phase variance in the radiation stream. We'll have to wait until the probe exits. It's stuck. It's mired in a gravitational eddy, and because the wormhole's in a state of collapse, those eddies are incredibly dense. That probe will never break free, Captain, and we'll have no way of finding out where the wormhole ends. Captain? Our probe was just scanned. There's somebody on the other side of the wormhole. [Sickbay] (The Doctor and new assistant Kes have a patient - a man with a sore wrist.)  We've analysed the data. So far our sensors have detected four separate scans of the microprobe, each one on a progressively narrower band. Someone on the other end of that wormhole is definitely interested in that probe. That's possible, but you'd think our probe would have detected something like that. But until then it should continue to transmit telemetry. Yes. I can modify our subspace communications band to accept the probe as a booster.  Okay, I've boosted power to the communications bandwidth. Now all we have to do reconfigure the signal generator so it's compatible with the probe's long range sensors. This has to work. It'll mean so much to people back home to know we're alive and headed for Federation space. It's still going to be hard on my folks. I always called them once a week, even when I was on my training missions. I've never been out of contact for so long. How about you? Any family? And your mom? You think? Isn't there anyone back home who'll be worried about you? Engineering to Bridge. [Bridge] We have a communications link with the microprobe. We're going to try sending a preliminary test signal, a series of sub-harmonic pulses. [Engineering]  They stand the best chance of transmission through the wormhole. Aye, Captain.  There's no response. Aye Captain. [Engineering]  How long shall we keep it up? Okay, we'll be ready to go online in a couple of minutes. Let's try inverting the narrow band filter. (Janeway enters from her Ready room.) I think we're ready to give it a try, though we're pushing through some pretty heavy gravitational interference. I can't guarantee the clarity of the transmission. Narrow the bandpass some more. Try again, Captain. No response, Captain. Kim to Captain Janeway. Captain, we've got him back. The Romulan. We didn't have any trouble configuring the protocols, but that phase variance in the radiation stream gave us a few problems. Torres is going to balance it manually from Engineering. I'll increase power to the [Bridge] KIM Thirty seven megajoules. [Bridge] (The cylinder solidifies and Telek takes hold of it.) Then lets do it. It's better than trying to spend the next seventy years trying to get back. Phase variance is out of synch again.
Got it! False alarm. (Kim is also working on a Sheer Lunacy.) The deposits are in the upper mantle, about sixty kilometres down. Hold on. Some kind of resonance wave emanating from the core. It's building fast, Captain. What do they want with us? So who hired them? They're hailing. (Lots of reptilian descendants in this area of space.) Twenty three ships. Must be one hell of a reward. Great. Bounty hunters with a work ethic. Maybe they're cloaked. Hull integrity's been compromised on decks seven and twelve. I've got a lock. Two lifeforms. What if we send out a multispatial probe? That last volley took out our shield generators and phaser banks. She's not answering hails. Her shuttle's being pulled into subspace. She's gone.  I've got a lock on Seven.
Hey, I've got one for you. You hit your head harder than you thought. How many more scans are we going to run? There's nothing there. No fluid or vapour residue. It's a hunk of metal. What you heard may have had nothing to do with this artefact. Maybe the comm. system picked up some stray signal from a pulsar. I don't know. Okay, B'Elanna, there probably is some explanation for what happened. But it's oh three hundred hours. I'm tired, you're tired. Let's just stick this thing in a containment field and deal with it in the morning. The man's got a point. It sounds like you've got a big day ahead of you. You should probably get some rest. Thank you. [Tuvok's quarters] You've kept us all at arm's length. Even Tom, who you claim to love. Or what? You'll kill us where we stand?
 She's in a turbolift. She's blocking my commands with a Borg encryption code. Done. (Seven cannot get through the forcefield across the shuttlebay access doors.)KIM: She's accessing transporter control. Captain, Seven's headed directly into B'omar space. She's gone to warp. What's that supposed to mean? We had a working relationship. It's not what you're thinking. Never mind. (Torres scans Seven's alcove, then removes a component.) I'm getting pretty good with the Borg language. I think I can translate them. I've managed to decipher Seven's log entries. There's nothing that indicates she was planning to leave the ship. The entries are pretty unremarkable. She describes her daily routines, number of hours spent regenerating, that sort of thing. There were some personal log entries, mostly observations about the crew's behaviour. I'm mentioned in quite a few of them. Apparently, she finds my behaviour easy to predict, whatever that means. The most recent entries are kind of strange. Descriptions of bizarre images, almost like a record of her dreams. Maybe so. Sometimes she's in a Borg vessel, running or hiding behind a bulkhead, falling down a shaft. Borg everywhere, chasing her. Nightmarish stuff. She mentions it several times. It flies at her, shrieking. I don't know what it means. Why is that important? We're being hailed. Audio only. I'm detecting a fleet of B'omar vessels approaching. Sixty eight ships.
 Commander, any word on that tellerium? The anti-matter reaction rate is down to twelve percent. If it drops below nine, the plasma injectors will lock up and we'll never be able to re-initialise the nacelles. If we're going to reduce our power demands even further, we're going to have to drop the shields. All other systems are already offline. Life support is at minimal. You asked for options? That's our last one. That helped. It's only a matter of time. There's nothing more we can do without the tellerium. Re-routing emergency power to Transporter room two and energising. (Neelix and the vial are beamed into Engineering.) Unlock the control conduit. Keep an eye on the flow rate. Reaction rate has stabilised at thirteen percent. Up to fifteen, eighteen. Maybe. Once the rate is up to normal, we'll try getting the warp drive back online. Then we'll see if there was any damage. Commander, I think we're ready to give the engines a try. I'm opening the plasma injectors. Warp engines are back online. All systems normal. There is a periodic fluctuation in the shield's energy pattern. I'm working on a way to take advantage of it. We can't locate the away team from here. The detention level is subterranean and the rock is too dense for our sensors to penetrate. You'll have to look for them after you beam into the prison.  I've been studying their orbital sensor net. It surrounds the entire planet. This is the most sophisticated system I've ever seen. It monitors everything we do. There's no way of disabling it from orbit. We may still be able to surprise them, even if they do see us coming. We can modify the main deflector to send out dozens of radion beams which should penetrate the prison shields. One of them will carry our transporter signal but the sensor net won't be able to distinguish which one, so the Mokra won't know the exact location we're beaming to. That's the best head start I can give you. I can do it right now. Deflector ready, Commander. Sending out the first volley. It's working. They're getting through the shields. Transporter room two, synchronise your confinement beams to (Boom!) That came from the surface. Shields at ninety percent. It's a precision hit right to the source of the beams. Main deflector is now offline. We're being hailed from the surface. Commander. There's a disruption in the shields around the prison. Wish I could take credit for it, but it's coming from inside the prison. Yes, but the Mokra will detect our transport.  There's a phased ion charge coming at us from the planet. Shields at sixty percent. Minor damage on deck fourteen. They're firing again. No effect. Direct hit to the port nacelle. Two more coming in. [Prison complex]  Shields down to twenty three percent. There's no sign of them. Wait! Set a course bearing two one nine mark four seven. There's a large magnetic storm over the northern magnetic pole. It's giving our sensors some trouble, it should do same for theirs. Exactly. If we maintain our position directly above the storm, their sensor net may not be able to keep an accurate lock on our position. The storm's already dissipating. A few more minutes?  The warp drive is functioning normally and we'll have the main deflector back online tomorrow. Captain, are you all right?
 Voyager to Delta Flyer. Report. I don't know what happened to them. Incoming fire. (Janeway is knocked out.) Doctor. Doctor, can you confirm? The readings, Doctor. (The EMH returns to reality.) You're okay to proceed, Tom. We all do it now and then, Seven. Why not the Doctor? This isn't possible. The warp containment field is failing. Doc, you're the only one who can help us! Here's the problem. The new algorithms weren't isolated properly. They've branched into his perceptual subroutines. Doc, why don't we take a closer look at the matrix and. What are you doing? What? Let's take him to Sickbay. Kim to Sickbay. You might want to have a look at this. This is the part I like. (The pips popping up on the EMH's collar.) A weapon of mass destruction. Invented by the Doctor, of course. Which means that particular algorithm is more easily accessible than the others. All right, let's go back to Sickbay and try to isolate that algorithm. [Holodeck - Cargo Bay two] He's right. I'm picking up three ships out there. Distance six hundred million kilometres, headed right for us. You sound like I did when the Captain put me in command of the night shift. That chair looked so big I thought I'd sink so far into it that nobody would be able to see me. Yeah, well, sounds like you've had plenty of practice. Listen, Doc. The whole reason you wanted to be able to daydream was to test out possibilities, right? Consider this a field test. [Overlooker ship] A what? They're hailing us. Direct hit.  They're moving away at maximum impulse. Don't worry Doc, you're not dreaming.
Not yet. We tried hooking them to the power grid and we ended up blowing out half the relays. The holodeck's energy matrix, it just isn't compatible with the other power systems. What about Cargo Bay two? It was designed for organic storage and it already has adjustable environmental controls. I think I've found the source of the transmission. (The distant image of a ship appears on the viewscreen against the black hole.) No. The subspace interference is too heavy.  This is Kim. We're little busy right now. We'll get to it  [Sickbay] KIM Kim out. Engineering, check your power levels. I'm showing  [Engineering] KIM Power to the tractor beam is down eighty percent. The gravimetric force of the singularity is pulling us in!  I'm picking up hull stress all over the ship. If we keep engines at full reverse while the tractor beam's engaged, it'll pull the ship apart. I'm picking up a highly localised disturbance off the port bow. Well, they show we've travelled one point four light years away from the anomaly, but I've confirmed our position against the star chart. We're definitely back where we started. Doesn't make sense. Distance from the singularity is ten million kilometres and increasing. Eleven million. Twelve million. (beep beep) I don't get it. Mister Paris, have we altered course? Then something's really wrong here. It's ahead of us again.  I've taken a look at every major subsystem and there's no sign of any trouble. I'll have the results in about an hour. So, I hear there's been some trouble down in Engineering. That's not what I hear. I hear that the whole department's up in arms, that the Maquis and Starfleet people are almost at each other's throats. I just hope you're right. Things are bad enough around here without, ow! Yeah. I just have this splitting headache and (Kim falls to his knees.) Dizzy. Can't, can't focus.  [Briefing room]  EMH [on It's working. We're cutting through the distortions. Compensating for amplitude distortion. Could we have travelled back in time and met ourselves? So what do we do to get out? Initialising plasma flow. Not yet. Warp particles at full intensity. The rupture's over fifty million kilometres away. We don't have enough power to project a dekyon beam that far. They've widened the rupture by almost thirty five percent. Hull integrity has dropped  [Shuttlecraft] Eighteen percent. The rupture's now one hundred twenty metres in diameter. That leaves us with less than two metres clearance on either side. The rupture's collapsing. It's down to one hundred ten metres wide. Switching to auxiliary power.
I'm picking up a transporter signature, three hundred kilometres above the surface. He generated a photonic pulse. It took them offline. We'll have to reinitialise the entire sensor array. Shields down to eighty two percent. He's thrown up a scattering field. I can't get a lock. I've almost got a lock on him. A few more seconds. I can't find anything to lock onto, Captain.
What are we going to tell the Doctor? You know how he feels about our juvenile holoprogrammes.  Hey, Doc. I know what you're thinking, but there's a simple explanation. Tell him, Tom. Two planets, no atmosphere or technology, a T class nebula. Here's something. An asteroid with approximately two hundred humanoid lifesigns. Subterranean structures. Should I hail Gar? He's hailing. Compensating. They're responding, audio only.
They're hailing us. Maybe if we give them something? But we don't have that much thorium to give them.
Not sure. Sensors showed a simple nickel-iron composition. We shouldn't be seeing fragments more than a centimetre in diameter. Incoming hail from the surface. It's coming from one of the heavily damaged areas. I've lost the transmission. I can't find him. Too much interference.  Commander, I've lost contact with Tuvok's shuttle. No response. Captain, I'm getting more detailed sensor readings on the approaching asteroid. It's huge, over half a kilometre in diameter, and it's moving faster than the others. Approximately two hours. [Mag-lev carriage] (Everyone except Tuvok is having obvious difficulty breathing.)  Captain, the asteroid is within visual range. There's a large crew compliment. At least two thousand. (Chakotay is at Tuvok's station.) Shields down to eighty five percent.  Shields down to twenty three percent. Structural integrity is failing.
I'm reading a slight destabilisation along the shield perimeter. I'm picking up demterialisations on decks four through twelve. Captain, the main computer processor is gone. We've lost weapons, navigation and propulsion. The other ships are retreating. Yes, ma'am. Seven. Hey. Actually, the captain wanted me to locate the ships that attacked us. I've pushed the long range sensors about as far as they'll go. Well, yes. Really? Let's have a look. Look, I came here to work. I realised you'd already started the job so I offered to help, that's all. I offered to help. Okay. I'm a pretty easy-going person. I mean, it takes a lot to ruffle my feathers. But that's not true of everybody. You've got to I'm picking up Starfleet signatures from two of the continents. It's on the northern continent, in what looks like a city, but there's a lot of signal interference. I'll never be able to localise it from here. I've lost the Captain's comm. badge signature. It's four point seven kilometres outside the city. Should I beam da Vinci back to the ship? Aye, sir.  [Storage facility - outside] I'm no longer reading the mobile emitter. Commander, they're being pursued. Over thirty armed guards are converging on the storage facility. Commander. Thirteen vessels are approaching Voyager from the surface. Sensors show the captain and Da Vinci have left the structure. If we can dip into a lower orbit I should be able to lock onto the mobile emitter. At least five hundred kilometres from the surface. Sir, they seem to be on the edge of a precipice, but we're still too high for transport.  [Hillside] I'm reading weapons fire on the surface near the captain's position. We're running out of time, sir. I'm locking on. Broad confinement beam. Got them. I've beamed the whole contraption into Cargo Bay one.
What do you call that shot? The distortions are beginning to demolecularise the hull. Hull It's a chronoton flux, point zero zero three. I don't think so. Ma'am? What caused them?  Captain, I'm picking up a strange reading on deck four. It's a chronoton flux, point zero zero three. Not yet. Ma'am? What caused them?
Neelix, how about a pot of coffee while you're at it? Flowers and wine? Bridge duty. I've got eight hours ahead of me. Fourth night in a row. Excuse me? I'm not playing. This is an opportunity to get command experience. You might put in for some yourself.  Helm, status? (He has a blonde lady pilot.) Refresh my memory. Granted. One of these days you'll get the call to take the bridge, and Origin? That would be a significant course change. No. Alter course. (They arrive at the planet.)KIM: Open a channel. This is Ensign Kim of the Starship Voyager. Can we be of assistance? There could be any number of reasons why we're not detecting lifesigns. We'll have to go down there and take a look. I'll inform the Commander. Oh, Jenkins? The bridge is yours. [Corridor] I hope I made the right decision. Sorry, sir, but I thought Yes, sir. (A short time later, Kim has got his equipment for the away team.)EMH: The distress call was automated? That's right. I'm hoping whoever sent it is still alive. You're looking at him. Problem? I am a senior officer, Doc. I've been on this ship for five years. I think I can handle an away mission.  None taken. Energise. [Planet surface] Positive. Maybe, but as long as we're here we should make a thorough search. Spread out. This is the source of the distress call. I don't know. Paratrinic shielding, a dense energy matrix, bioneural circuitry. Whoa, back off. This could be dangerous. Speaking? What do you think? An artificial intelligence? Maybe we should tell it the truth. try to jog its memory. Psychological trauma? Doc, this is a machine. Not until we know what we're dealing with. Away mission protocols dictate that we Away team to Voyager. We found the source of the distress call. It's some [Planet surface] Kind of artificial intelligence, badly damaged. The Doctor thinks we should beam it aboard. [Bridge]  Well, I think we should help it if we can. But as a precaution, I recommend sealing off an Engineering bay with a level ten force field and [Bridge] KIM But its memory core is damaged. It's suffering from a technological form of amnesia. They're fully integrated. Where would we store the intelligence once we shut the device down? Yeah, sure. Er, well, first we're going to be setting up an active interlink between you and the holo-systems. Er, now, to do that, er, we're going to take your programme offline while we resequence your bioneural circuitry. Sickbay to bridge. The device is going to detonate. [Bridge]  Beam it off the ship. Detonation in twenty seconds. [Bridge] Fifteen seconds. Ten seconds. Nine. Six. Five. It worked. [Bridge] KIM It used the interlink to commandeer the Doctor's programme. He's locked us in, too. We were only trying to disarm you. Yes. It was a precaution. We were afraid you might be dangerous. You remember it now? Look, we'll try and contact your people. If you could tell us who they are. He changed all the access codes. The second we try to decrypt them, he'll restart the detonation sequence. Yeah. Let the Captain handle it. The last thing anyone needs is my opinion. Chakotay lets me make a command decision. What do I do? I beam a talking bomb on board. What did you do? To dig us out. [Medical lab]KIM: You don't have to do this, you know. You're a sentient being. You don't have to be a slave to your programming. Look at the Doctor. That puppet saved your life. If it weren't for him you'd still be damaged and alone on that planet. He's the one that convinced me to beam you aboard. And when we discovered what you were, and some people wanted to destroy you, the Doctor defended your right to exist. Even though he was only programmed to be a doctor, he's become more than that. He's made friends, he's piloted a starship, he even sings. No, but  Look at yourself. You're already much more than that. You've got a body now, eyes to see with. The second you detonate, that'll all be over. It doesn't have to be. We can give you your own holo-matrix. You can exist for as long as you want. Accomplish anything you set your mind to. What is your target? Tell me about it. Who's the enemy? What else do you know about them? What's their planet like? Are there forests, wildlife, schools for the children of this violent race? Well, lucky for you. You're aboard Voyager now, and you have access to our scanners. Why don't we take a closer look at your target? (Kim calls up the long range scan.) But it's manned. Who are going to suffer because of you. Remember when you were suffering, blind and paralysed? Do you really want to make others go through that? With what? When taken captive by a hostile force, seek out any opportunity to engage the assailant. Didn't you ever read the officers' manual? Section one twenty six. If there's even a chance that we can convince it to change its mind A sentient bomb. Looks like your landing wasn't an accident. What if it wasn't the enemy? Correct me if I'm wrong, but these are the same duotronic algorithms that you use to communicate with. Maybe they changed their mind. If we clear up some more of these memory files, maybe we'll find out. Let us finish the job. Then you can decide what you want to do with the information. Does the name Strategic Command Matrix mean anything to you? Well, it looks like your orders were rescinded. See for yourself. Keep reading. I guess this means you can disarm yourself now. That's not true. If the war is over, you could end up starting another one. How many of your people will die then?  (Whumph!) That'll give you time to confirm that the war is over. We can't do that, Captain. These weapons were fired by accident. We can't let them reach their targets. Captain, I need [Sickbay] A minute. You're making a mistake. Your own people tried to disarm you Yes, you can. You can check your memory files. Look for the confirmation code. Check the files. No! [Bridge] The confirmation code. (The Bomb/EMH finds the file.) You must disarm yourself and tell the others to stand down. This code of yours uses a modulating algorithm. It would be almost impossible to duplicate. Have you ever met the enemy? You're just spouting propaganda, what you've been programmed to believe. It's been countermanded! You're a sentient being. You've been programmed with intelligence so you could make decisions on your own. Well, it's time to make one. Countless lives are at stake. Ever since you took the Doctor's form you've been learning what it's like to be one of us. Now, try to imagine what it's like to be one of your victims. Your first victim. You've seen her suffering. Increase that by a factor of one million, ten million, and that's how much suffering you'll cause if you don't end this. Tell them. Tell them the war's over. Tell them you got the message before you crossed the threshold, when you were on the planet surface. It's up to you to make them understand. We won't do that. How? B'Elanna, give me a hand. Bridge, lock onto the weapon. Prepare to beam it into space. Captain, no time to explain. Just trust me on this one. [Bridge] Ready? I'm sorry. Bridge, energise. (The bomb is beamed into the flotilla. One of them grabs it with a tractor beam and they fly away.) [Bridge]  Anyone home? Perfect. On my way to the Bridge for another night shift. I came by to check on Seven. What's her prognosis? Good news. [Sickbay]EMH: Considering I was responsible for her injuries, you can imagine my relief. Well, you weren't exactly yourself at the time. It was an artificial intelligence, like you. But I have to admit, his personality made you seem like Mister Congeniality. Look, Doc, the truth is I never would have gotten through to him without you. You were. I held you up as an example of how an artificial intelligence could exceed its programming. I didn't realise how true that was until today. I'd better get to the bridge. You never know when Ensign Kim will be called upon to take command again.  Helm, status? Anything on long range sensors? As you were. Why would tonight be any different? Oh? Well, not exactly. I made First Contact with a sentient being. All I did was help it understand a few things. The rest was up to him. You're welcome. Any time. Do me a favour? No more distress calls. At least not tonight. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 When the Captain told us to start collecting deuterium, Seven suggested a series of modifications to the Bussard collectors. The problem is I didn't realise the extent of the modifications until after we'd begun the sweep. I mean, not that there was anything wrong with them, in fact efficiency is up twenty three percent The collectors are almost full, but I can't tell exactly how full until I realign my sensors with Seven's. Closer. Right. Very funny. (Whumph, beep.) Negative. (Janeway comes out of her ready room.)  With us caught in the middle. We're being hailed, audio only. The hull is destabilising. Life support is offline. Targeting her coordinates. I've lost her. Trying again. I don't understand, I get a clear lock, then it drops out. She was here, but nobody remembers it? And learnt enough about us to convince us she's been here before. She's right, Captain. No response. Their weapons are going through our shields as if they weren't there. No effect. Affirmative. Two heavily armed ships off the port bow. That's the best I can do. (Two fuzzy shapes shooting at them.) It's like being hit with thousands of needles. Very clever. Then maybe we're about to make history. I think so. The trick is to scatter those beams a little, make it harder for them to penetrate the shields. I think we could do that by tying the baryon sensors into deflector control. Here's what I have in mind. Why don't you look this over and let me know what you think? (Kellin takes the PADD.) By the way, I hear Chakotay recommended you to Tuvok to serve on a security detail. A word of advice. Volunteer for beta squad. They're the best team. You'll learn a lot from them. What are you saying? I know you think so, but trust me, some people need those rituals. It's, it's usually considered a good idea if two people get to know each other a little before they become intimate. Because it's more comfortable. You spend some time together, you laugh, you talk. That makes it easier to, to get closer. Well, I guess so. Seven, if you don't get it, then I can't explain it to you.
I remember that. Neelix told me to stick around and try something he was cooking. I'm picking up graviton fluctuations. There's a massive graviton surge coming from that thing. We know the feeling. Then we could find a way to adjust the core reaction from here. But it would cut a few years off our trip. The tetryon reaction is stable. Graviton field is set for a one hundred light year jump. Catapult is at full power. He's gone. He made it. I've received the telemetry. The Captain asked me to work with you on the shields. Oh, I don't mind. You know how eager she is to make that jump. Bridge to Captain Janeway. I just picked up an unauthorised launch of the Delta Flyer. Seven's at the helm. Acknowledged. She's done something to alter her bio-signature. I can't get a lock. She's charging weapons.
 Seven, I need the data from those last two Astrometric scans. That looks like the crew manifest. For what? Your first date? I didn't know you had any interests. I play the clarinet, you know. Oh. Well, maybe I could help you pick Mister Right. (Up come the details and image of Doug Bronowski.) Badly, very badly. He's got no sense of humour. (Next up, William Chapman.) Chapman's a nice guy.
Yes, ma'am. I've located the debris field.
I thought the Borg were known for being thorough. I've got a hunch about this nebula. There's dilithium in there somewhere. From the nebula? Let's get out of here. Reverse course. Starfleet policy. Interference in alien conflicts is strictly prohibited. Open a channel to the other ship. This is Ensign Kim of the Delta Flyer. I don't know what you're fighting about, but it looks like you've won. The people on the other ship have casualties. We'd like to I'm not taking sides. I only want to help the wounded. Neelix, set our deflector beam for a narrow pulse. Seven, let me know the second their weapons array is fully charged. I might be able to trigger an overload. Take the helm. Neelix, you're with me. [Kraylor ship - Bridge] It's okay, we're here to help. The ship that attacked you is gone. Harry Kim from the Starship Voyager. We're responding to your distress call. We can treat your wounded. We need to restore main power. Where's the warp interface? Your warp core is intact. I think I can bring it back online. Can you monitor antimatter flow? Just watch this readout and tell me if it starts to fluctuate. I'm routing emergency power to structural integrity. Atmospheric pressure is returning to normal. Neelix, we'll go through the ship deck by deck, find the survivors. I'll take a look at it as soon as I've repaired the engines. We'll try to get it back online. Kim to Delta Flyer. I need your help, Seven. It looks like we're going to be here for Do what? Basically, we used their own weapons against them. We used a deflector pulse to overload their phaser banks. It's all part of my Starfleet training. Yeah, the organisation I work for. We train at an Academy ,and I guess I picked up a few new tricks during my time on Voyager. I'm just an Ensign. A junior officer. The lowest ranked officer, actually. Could you hand me that? My first week on the job didn't go very well, either. We ended up seventy thousand light years from home, lost over a dozen crew members, but I got through it. So will you. If you're going to be a starship officer, you've got to accept that adversity comes with the job. [Cargo Bay two] The cloak's back online. Impulse and warp drives are standing by. Shields are at ninety six percent. I'd say you're ready to get back on course. I hope you have a safe journey. None of you has ever piloted a starship? I'll enter a flight plan in the auto-navigation system and give you a quick course in helm operations. You shouldn't have any trouble. I'm sorry, but we've already gotten more involved than we should have. And they need us back on Voyager. That's a generous offer, but we'll be fine. I'll bring you as far as our ship. When we get there, you can discuss your situation with my captain. This is a humanitarian mission. Dock the Flyer in their Take us out of warp. Disengage the cloak. On screen. Is everything all right? Our long range scans detected several alien ships orbiting the planet. [Bridge]  We've run into a slight delay. No. Everything's under control. I'm afraid not. Yes, ma'am. Kim out. Just because they're talking doesn't mean they formed an alliance. It's probably just a friendly meeting. Actually, Captain, I'm closer than I let on. And I've brought some new friends of my own. [Briefing room] I couldn't just stand by and do nothing. What would you have done? I guess I learned from the best. Captain, I've gotten to know them over the last couple of days. You met Loken. They're scientists, not soldiers. You've taken sides before. The Borg resistance. The Vaadwaur. You were trying to help people in need. How is this any different? That won't be necessary. The Kraylor know me. They trust me. But they outrank me. If you send one of them, it won't be my mission anymore. My first real command. On the night shift, for a few hours. It's not the same thing. You and Chakotay are always a couple of decks away, ready to take over if anything goes wrong. I've been on Voyager for almost seven years and I'm still an Ensign. No, no, I understand there's a command structure and that our circumstances are unique. But the fact is, if we were back home, I'd be a Lieutenant by now. Maybe even a Lieutenant Commander. I know I can do this, and the Kraylor are giving me a chance to prove it. Yes, ma'am. Captain Sorry, Tom. This is my mission. You're a married man now. You've got family responsibilities. Just leave the away missions to the young, unattached guys. No, thanks. You do? There's no girl. Not this time. I don't know how else to this say this, so I'll just say it. You've always been Captain Proton, I have always been Buster Kincaid. It's my turn this time. [Mess hall] Either's fine. Excuse me? It's just a snack, Neelix. Maybe I'm just not as picky about my food. Neelix! Plomeek soup, and make sure it's hot. [Kraylor ship - Bridge] Where did you learn that? Take your station, Mister Terek. I'll do it. Laying in a course, heading one one five, mark thirty seven. Does this ship have a name? I think we can do better than that. Nightingale. The name of someone from my homeworld. She was famous for treating wounded soldiers on the battlefield. Hail Voyager. (Seven complies.)KIM: Kim to Voyager. We're ready to get underway. See you in a few days. Kim out. Main power. Tactical. Bring the cloak online. Warp six. Engage. KIM Thanks. They make me feel more at home. It's important to forge a personal connection with your vessel, make the ship your own. Ask Captain Janeway. Is there anything else? He's never done that before. I'd better check on him.  Status? Looks like the guidance vector is off by a couple of microns. You need to realign the primary navigational sensor first. And make sure it stays locked on your guide star. Here, let me show you.(Terek gives up his seat.) [Jefferies tube]  What's that? All stop. (The ship decloaks.) [Kraylor ship - Engineering] The core is stable. That should take care of it. As a scientist, you should know there's no such thing as absolute certainty. That would take hours. Captain Janeway wants us back before Voyager finishes its overhaul. Correct me if I'm wrong, you're a physician. You have to trust me on this. We'll monitor it closely, don't worry. You asked me to take command of this ship, and that's what I'm Which one? Right. What's your point? These people are inexperienced. They need my help. Sure, she looked after all the junior officers. No. She gave me a lot to do, actually. Of course not. She wanted me to learn. To gain confidence. Don't panic. This is a minor malfunction. Evasive manoeuvres. Kim to Engineering. [Kraylor ship - Engineering] We need that cloak back online. [Kraylor ship - Engineering] Seven? [Kraylor ship - Bridge]  Seven, come in. (to Terek) You have the bridge. All right. I'll give you instructions over the comm. Charge phaser banks. Target their weapons array. The closest one, off our port bow. [Kraylor ship - Engineering]  Good work. Now go to the cloaking generator. [Kraylor ship - Engineering] KIM That's too low. We're going to have to raise it. No, wait, I didn't tell you to do that. [Kraylor ship - Engineering] Yes, but. [Kraylor ship - Bridge]  Listen to me carefully. I want you to try What are you talking about? Get us out of here, full impulse. Dayla, secure the Engineering section and get back to the bridge. Dayla? She may be in shock. I'm not sure. Have a look. (Loken scans Seven.)KIM: Your opinion, Doctor? Do you think we should give her a cortical stimulant? You're no doctor, are you? You and I need to talk. Alone. [Kraylor ship - Ready room]  What the hell is going on? Nothing about this mission is adding up. It's obvious you know a lot more about cloaking systems than biology. So did Dayla. And the second our cloak failed, half a dozen Annari warships came after us, one little medical transport. The truth! This ship is a prototype. I never would have agreed to this if I had known you had a military objective. I convinced Captain Janeway this was a humanitarian mission. For all I know, that's another lie. [Kraylor ship - Bridge]  Reverse course. We're heading back to Voyager. I gave you an order. That's not your concern. You want to be a Starship officer? Your job is to follow orders. This is not a debate. You're under my command. You're relieved. You, take the helm.  Seven. Feeling better? You won't be returning to duty. Not on this ship anyway. Loken lied to us. There's no vaccine. The cloak is the real cargo. I ordered the crew to take us back to Voyager, but they refused. I guess that's what you'd call it. I've packed some supplies. We'll take an escape pod. I'm hoping the Annari will leave us alone, treat us as neutral parties. This is a military mission. We can't get involved. I thought I was helping people in distress. I am perfectly capable of commanding a starship. Someone died following my orders. A captain's responsible for the lives of his crew. I should have stuck to playing Buster Kincaid. We'll find a way. I get claustrophobic in escape pods. Switch to manual helm control. Full power to shields. (Loken nods.)  Evasive manoeuvres. You're doing fine. Just try to stay at least one hundred metres ahead of the closest pulse. No. That would only give them another way to triangulate our position. Reroute emergency power. Open a channel to the lead Annari ship. Do it. This is Captain Kim of the Kraylor vessel Nightingale. I'm prepared to discuss terms for our surrender. End transmission. And you still should. I don't have time to explain. On screen. No, it won't. Either you allow my crew to evacuate to the surface, or I'll put this ship on self-destruct. You'll never get the cloaking technology. Something tells me your superiors won't be happy about that. My crew's going to the surface in escape pods. Once they're clear, you can lock onto this ship with a tractor beam. I'm glad to hear that, because I'm going to need you here. Get your people into the pods, quickly. I've got a plan to save it. If I fail, at least the scientist who designed it will be alive to create another one. Seven, scan the Annari's tractor emitters. I need to know the exact beam polarity. Once they lock onto us, they're going to come about and pull us away from the planet. As soon as they do, we're going to reverse our shield polarity. If we time it right, it should give us enough momentum to outrun them to the defence perimeter. Disengage the cloak. Not yet. Steady. Now! (They fire a pulse back at the Annari ship and zoom away.)KIM: Status? Full thrusters. Get us through that defence perimeter, Mister Terek. Take us to the surface, Mister Terek. [Bridge] It's good to be back. You know, Neelix, the truth is, I'm not sure. I'm not a captain, Neelix. Not yet, anyway. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Kim here.  Got it. Open. Transmitting. What's the emergency? Sickbay? So? Did you accidentally inject yourself with some kind of psychotropic agent? This is a temporary assignment, just till the Doc gets back. He'll be back. How? You really are delirious. It took the greatest holoengineers in Starfleet years to develop the EMH. I can't just design a new doctor.  There. I've finished inputting the Doctor's physical characteristics. Computer, activate the Emergency Medical Hologram Replacement What do you say we try to get him working first, then we can worry about personal grooming. I've downloaded the ship's entire medical library and compressed it into a single data file. It's got all the classics, from Gray's Anatomy to Leonard McCoy's Comparative Alien Physiology. That's what I'm hoping. Don't congratulate me yet. This is only the first step. I'm telling you, this probably isn't going to work. Being a doctor is a lot more than knowing facts. We still have to create analytical subroutines to help him diagnose patients, tactile protocols so he can perform surgery, not to mention a personality profile. All right, ready to transfer the data. Computer, transfer medical library master file to Emergency Medical Replacement Hologram. I think he's reciting Gray's Anatomy. I'm trying. He doesn't have speech recognition protocols yet. It's an overload. His matrix can't accommodate all the data. I'm downloading Gray's Anatomy chapter by chapter. It's not for the EMH. It's for you. [Prometheus Bridge]
Libby. This can't be happening. Libby, it's really you, isn't it? What? The date. What's the date? What day is today? So this isn't the past. It's the present. San Francisco. This can't be a dream, it's too real. It's too clear. So what does that leave. A holodeck? A hallucination? Some kind of trick? The last thing, I remember was piloting a shuttlecraft on my way back to Voyager. No, you can't be Libby. It's not possible. My name is Ensign Harry Kim of the Federation Starship Voyager. Where am I? Is this some sort of simulation? Danny? Danny Byrd? What is going on? [Outside Cosimo's Coffee Shop] (Harry leaves his apartment building in what according to a banner is the Mission District of the Old Town, which is having a festival on August 14. It is completely pedestrianised, with a subway entrance. Harry walks towards a coffee shop on the next intersection and the owner calls to him.) Thanks. What do you mean? Look, I know this is going to sound a little funny, but how long have I been coming to this coffee shop? Eight months. And you've seen me every day? Fiancée? We're getting married? I don't think you've ever had a morning quite like this one. (Another Starfleet officer calls to Harry.) Er, where? I, I'm not sure I can go. I'm not feeling very well. Maybe I should just go home. The what? I forgot to bring it. I'm sorry. Actually, sir, there is. Yes, sir. I'm very ill. I would like to continue this presentation at a later date. Guess I'm pretty good. Computer, display my service record. (reads) Graduated Starfleet Academy stardate 47918. Requested duty on USS Voyager. Request denied. Requested transfer to Starfleet Engineering Corps. Transfer approved. Starship design specialist. Awarded the Cochrane Medal of Excellence for outstanding advances in warp theory. Computer, access Starfleet Science Academy database. Have there been any temporal anomalies in the space-time continuum reported in the last forty eight hours? Computer, has there been any contact with the starship Voyager since it was lost in the Badlands? No problem. It's my ship, or at least I thought it was. Access Voyager crew manifest. Who was the operations officer on board? Danny. [Outside Cosimo's Coffee Shop] Oh, hi. I wasn't feeling too well, so I decided to come home. Thanks. Listen, I know this is going to sound strange, but I forgot to look at the street number when I left this morning, and I don't remember which building I live in. Could you No, like I said, I haven't been feeling well, and everything's kind of foggy. Thanks. It's just me, Libby. (Libby comes in.) Yeah. I'm fine. Nothing. Everything. I'm not sure what happened. Just tell me you love me. No. In fact, pretend I haven't heard you say it in a long time. Pretend that we haven't seen each other for months. Oh, on a starship, thousands of light years away. Yeah. We got a little lost. You can't imagine. No. No pleasure planet excursions, I'm afraid. Every day. Every nanosecond. Hmm? Orlando, Parsons, Peterson, Platt, Porter. Wait a minute. Paris. Where's Tom Paris? Computer, access service record of Starfleet officer Thomas Eugene Paris. (reads) Convicted of treason. Sentenced to eighteen months at the New Zealand Penal Settlement. Paroled on stardate 48702. Last reported whereabouts, Marseilles, France. Oh, I couldn't sleep, so I thought I'd catch up on some work. (He turns off the screen.) There's nothing going on, okay? Libby, it's hard to explain right now. And I do want to tell you, but I need you to trust me. All right. This, this is going to sound a little crazy from your perspective, but I am not who you think I am. All of this, it's not supposed to be happening. I don't belong here. You don't understand. What I'm trying to say is, I'm from another reality. That's right. I know. I'm scared too. I will, but there's someone else I need to see first. Marseilles, France. I've got to see Paris. It's a long story. Trust me, okay? Tom. You don't know me, do you? No. Try Voyager. You know about the mission to the Badlands? But you said no? That Ferengi, was he trying to sell you Lobi crystals? Because I was there. In my reality, anyway. Tom, I know this is going to sound crazy, but I was on Voyager and so were you. You never got into a bar fight with that Ferengi. You stopped him from selling me Lobi crystals. And you did lead us into the Badlands. Something's happened. Somehow, reality has been changed. A temporal anomaly, an alien influence, I can't explain how. All I know is that it's true. I was in a shuttlecraft heading back to Voyager, and then I woke up here on Earth. Come with me to Starfleet Headquarters. Help me run a computer simulation of what happened on that shuttle. You're the best pilot I've ever seen, and if anyone can figure it out, it's you. What are you talking about? It's not a game! You once told me that you used to treat life like one big game. Rules, players, winners, losers. You never took any of it seriously until you lost. You also told me you were afraid of what would happen to you if you didn't take Captain Janeway up on her offer. Now I see why. A loser and a drunk. (Paris tries to punch Kim, and ends up with his arm behind his back, pushed down onto the pool table.) I guess in this reality, that's all you'll ever be. (Someone just like Cosimo watches Kim leave.) [Kim's apartment] (Two Starfleet security officers are waiting as Kim enters.) What's going on? Why does everyone say relax when they're about to do something terrible? Which is what exactly? I haven't forged anything. And I can explain. I don't think I have a choice at the moment. I'll see you later. [Starfleet Headquarters] Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Like what? That's crazy. I am Harry Kim. Check my DNA if you don't believe me. Run a microcellular scan of my cerebral cortex to see if my memory's been altered. Everything I'm saying is true. I went to look up an old friend. I tried to tell him what's happened. I wanted his help. To figure out how I got here and how I can get back. There must be a temporal anomaly somewhere or. You think I'm a spy, don't you. You think I'm working for the Maquis. That's it! I'm not answering any more questions until I have legal counsel. Yes, Admiral. You could say that. Who are you? Well, you've got to get me back. What? Well, that's not good enough. There's got to be something we can do. Where is this time stream of yours? Maybe I can use it to get back. What do you mean? I guess I'll have to take that chance, because somehow I have to get back. What about Danny Byrd? He isn't so lucky. And Tom Paris? Fate wasn't so kind to him. No, it isn't supposed to be this way. I'm supposed to be on Voyager in the Delta Quadrant. And that's where I have to go. Thanks. Libby. I didn't hear you come in. No. I'm just trying to get back to where I belong. Look, I know the last few days must have been pretty tough on you. It's still me. The guy who was in your seat at the Ktarian music festival. The guy who took three weeks to work up the courage to ask you out. The guy who still wakes up in the middle of the night and says your name out loud, hoping you'll answer back. I'm not trying to get away from you. I love you. And I promise you, I want to stay here more than anything. But I can't. I don't think anybody knows me as well as you do, so you of all people should know that once I've made up my mind about something, I can't let it go. In some ways, it'd be a lot easier to forget about Voyager, just settle in here and build a life. But that wouldn't be me. You wouldn't be getting the Harry Kim you fell in love with. Does that make any sense? (The anklet starts beeping.) The tampering alarm. Security will be here any second. I'd better go. I promise you, I'm going to try to get back. It may take a while, and I may not make it, but I swear, I will try. (Security beams into the alcove. Kim gets out onto the fire escape. Libby closes the window and stops the security officers from following.) What are you doing here? So, how did you find me? Yeah. Starfleet thinks I'm a Maquis spy. You're the last person I expected to help me. Call me Harry. You always did. Wait. I found a way to get back to my reality. The problem is I'll need a ship to do it. I think I have access to a runabout, but I'm going to have to break it out of Spacedock. Know anyone who's qualified? I have an office at Starfleet Headquarters. I think we can access the runabout launch codes from there. Main complex, level six, subsection forty seven. Let's do it. [Kim's office] The alien said that if I recreate the conditions of the accident and fly into the time stream, there's a chance I might be able to get back into my reality. He couldn't give me any guarantees. Almost there. I've bypassed the runabout's security lockouts. Hold on. I almost got it. (Security enter.)  Overriding initialisation codes. Main power coming online. Powering up main fusion reactor. Warp core and main propulsion are online. I'm entering the coordinates of the time stream into the main computer. We've got a starship on our tail. Nebula class. They're going to try to do everything they can to stop us. They think we're trying to steal this prototype. Shields down to seventy percent. Fifty percent. (Bang! Sparks.) Twenty nine percent. It is, but it looks like they haven't finished working on the defensive systems. In fact, some of the safety interlocks aren't even in place. A few more of those hits and I don't. (Bang!) We're losing antimatter containment. Attempting to stabilise the field. The containment field is weakening. We could be looking at a core breach. If we can't shake them off, maybe we can slow them down a little. This runabout is equipped with tetryon plasma warp nacelles. Tetryon plasma emits multiflux gamma radiation. It disrupts subspace. Exactly. Venting drive plasma. All right. Let's recreate my shuttle accident. I think I was travelling at one hundred and forty thousand kph. Look, that was another lifetime. I'm doing the best I can. Now, I also remember running a polaron scan. The scanning beam was sweeping at a radius of half a million kilometres. No, wait. A quarter million. Activating polaron scan. That should do it. Did we miss it? I have to get into that time stream. Wait a minute, I'm forgetting something. The emergency transport. The last thing I remember hearing was Captain Janeway's comm voice. She said she was trying to beam me off the shuttle. That's it. I've got to beam off the ship. We have to recreate all the conditions of the accident, including that one. We just lost antimatter containment. Twenty five seconds to core breach. Not yet. The core is breaching. We've got to shut it down first. In fifteen seconds this ship is going to explode. You'll be killed. And if I'm wrong, if this doesn't work, you'll be blown up right here. Kim here, Captain. Stand by. [Bridge] KIM I think so, Captain. Is Lieutenant Paris there? It's a long story. A time stream? I've already been briefed, Commander. I owe you one. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Bridge to Captain. There's an incoming message for the First Prelate. Acknowledged. There's heavy solar flare activity. It's causing electrodynamic disturbance throughout the system. (Torres and Neelix enter.) The Drayan ship still hasn't responded to our hails. They're receiving it, they're just not answering. We've also had some indications of life signs on the surface. A while ago there seemed to be four of them. Now we can only distinguish two. There must be at least twenty people on the surface. I can't tell if the two life forms we detected before are still there. Captain, there's a break in the turbulence. I'm picking up a comm. signal. There's nothing I can do, Captain. The signal's breaking up. There's no structural damage, some power fluctuations. He should be able to take off. I've been studying the energy signature of the Drayan shuttles. They're using some kind of dielectric field to protect them from the turbulence. It won't be very stable.
If this is any indication of their borders, it's a huge area of space, hundreds of sectors. If we were to go around it it would take months. Tom and B'Elanna hit a sensor net as they crossed the border. We have to figure we'll run into it when we try to cross. But there are ways around sensor nets. Their sensor net uses a series of interlaced tachyon beams. If we adjust our shields to refract those beams around the ship we can slip across without appearing to have disrupted the net. I'm ready whenever Lieutenant Torres is. Engineering, initiate the refraction pulse.  [Engineering]  Moving to full harmonic resolution. sixty percent, eighty percent, ninety, maximum resolution. Shields at nominal output. The net is registering as intact. If those vessels get the same reading they won't suspect a thing. I think we did it, Captain. Like a snake through the tube! Captain, sensors indicate a resonance particle wave. It's dampening our warp field. We're losing speed. I'm checking. Only one, and it's faint. Aye Captain.  [Sickbay] It's one of the swarm. I'm working on it. Getting a general idea, something like, too late, should have listened. We've been hit with some sort kind of polaron burst. Captain, the burst has changed the shield polarity. It's now rotating at ninety two gigahertz. Captain, they're only forty thousand kilometres away. Still no weapons signature.  Captain, our shield strength just went to zero. Each one of those little ships is emitting an interferometric pulse. They're modulating in opposition to our shield frequencies, completely cancelling them out. The interferometric pulses they're emitting. They've reflected the energy of the phasers right back to us. I'm on it.  [Sickbay] Captain, I've got a pattern on the interferometric pulses. It's a lattice, connecting all the ships to each other. Shields are back to full strength.
[OC]: Bridge to Captain Janeway. I've got Commander Chakotay and [Bridge]  Mister Tuvok's shuttlecraft on long range sensors, but they're not responding to our hails. The shuttle's been badly damaged. I'm reading multiple hull fractures. Two, but they're very faint. Aye, Captain. [Sickbay] (Tuvok is unconscious on a biobed.) According to my readings, the command was issued from the conn. Course laid in. Our new heading is one twenty one mark six. The helm's not responding. I'm locked out. (Tuvok goes over to help.) Captain, we're dropping to impulse power. I'm reading a massive energy drain all over the ship, and the warp core is shutting down. The captain wants to seal off all critical areas of the ship. Make sure the access hatch of Jefferies tube A-seventeen is secured. We're not sure yet, but we think it's some kind of noncorporeal alien. Medical emergency. Deck seven, section thirteen alpha. Captain's log, supplemental. It appears that Mister Tuvok and Kes were both hit by an unidentified energy discharge. Tuvok was not badly hurt, but Kes is in a coma. [Briefing room] Whoa. What did I do? I was just thinking. I was remembering an old study I saw about magneton scanners. I guess my mind started to wander a bit. Not yet. Whoever did this put up one hell of a roadblock. I'm going to have to break through at least six levels of encryption to access the holo-emitters. Two, maybe three hours. [OC]: Bridge to Janeway. We're approaching the dark matter nebula. No sir, I won't do it. Captain, I'm picking up some kind of energy pulses in the nebula, highly coherent, with a biomatrix. And they're heading this way. I don't know. Unless there are two aliens. How is that possible? But he's in Sickbay. He's brain dead. Captain, we're under attack. We're being bombarded by the energy beings. (Janeway activates the flash-scan. Tuvok is stunned and blinded, so Paris can take the phaser off him. Tuvok collapses before Paris can stun him. An energy leaves him and goes through the bulkhead. Paris runs a medical tricorder over Tuvok and nods to Janeway.) Looks like he's joined his friends outside. (Whumph.) I don't know if that'll work, Captain. Tuvok was navigating a complicated course. We could be going deeper into the nebula. I'm on it, Captain. (Whumph.) I'm not having any luck. Tuvok deleted the navigational logs as he went along. He wanted to make sure we didn't get out of here. Aye, Captain. (A picture of the medicine wheel is on the viewscreen.) We're passing the third planetoid now, Captain. The dark matter density is thinning. Reading normal space ahead. We've cleared the nebula, Captain. Main power coming back online. Shields at full strength, hull integrity normal. The alien beings are not pursuing. Captain's log, stardate 48735.9. We have returned to the co-ordinates where we ejected the warp core and have successfully retrieved it. Now we're hoping the Doctor will be able to successfully reintegrate Commander Chakotay's consciousness. [Sickbay] (Janeway and Torres are looking over the EMH's shoulders.)
 Chell says we shouldn’t miss the Flame Gardens. Tom. You joining us? Oh, that’s right, you have to go to pilot school. He is. Take all the time you need. He’ll enjoy the extra attention. Energise. (Kim, Neelix and Torres are beamed away.) We contacted the conference coordinator. He said Seven and Chakotay never showed up. We've located a hull signature over the southern subcontinent, but it’s only a wing. No, ma’am. We think the shuttle may have collided with it. The energy barrier’s coming down. Aye, Captain. [Rocky Rise] I’m only reading one comm. badge. It’s Seven’s. They’re hailing us. Yes, ma’am.
You sure are in a good mood. Technically, it was this morning. Oh two hundred, to be exact. I didn't lose last month's datastream. It never arrived. The transmission was a little larger than usual. It's jammed the transceivers. Seven and I have been up all night trying to download it. Oh, you won't. Trust me. [Astrometrics lab] Any luck? A hologram. The transceiver wasn't designed to store photonic data. We have to get it out of there before it degrades. Tying the transceiver into the holodeck's pattern buffer. Starfleet wouldn't have sent this hologram if it weren't important. I'm sure it's worth a few burnt-out relays. (Bang! goes a console.) But I saved the hologram. [Holodeck]  Okay, ready when you are. (The hologram appears.) You have? The only casualty this time was our transceiver. No more than two hours. I can taste my mom's cooking. The Miracle Ship. That's looking on the bright side. This is the best opportunity we've had. I'll remind you of that when we get back to Earth. I think we can squeeze that in. Hope he's not too shy. He's going to have a hundred and fifty new friends when we get back home. Pardon my friend here. He's convinced we're destined to live out our days in the Delta Quadrant.  Something's wrong, Captain. Captain, someone just initiated a site-to-site transport. Seven and Reg. They've beamed to an escape pod. The pod's been launched. Mom's apple pie. Neelix thought a little home cooking might cheer me up. I haven't worked up the courage to taste it yet. Have you figured out what went wrong with Reg? Not bad. But it would have tasted better in San Francisco. I'm not that gullible. Are you serious?
Aye, Captain. (Whumph!) I'm reading an overload in the pattern buffers. Captain, maybe I can help. I've been thinking. With Tuvok's shield modifications and a few tweaks to an environmental suit, I could take a shuttle to the surface and mine the deuterium from there. Actually, Tuvok, no, you needn't remind me. What's the alternative? Resume course? Creep along at quarter impulse hoping we find fuel before we end up dead in the water? We've got deuterium within arm's reach. We can't let the opportunity slip away without at least trying. I know the risks. Of course not. That's why I'm volunteering my good buddy Tom here to go with me. [Corridor] So? I had an idea and I spoke up, that's all. He was stating the obvious again. Talking down to me like I didn't know anything about Demon Class planets. Why? Good. [Turbolift]  Cargo bay two. Not exactly. How do I explain this? When I first came on board Voyager I was pretty green, right? I was young, inexperienced, and I acted like it. Nervous about giving my opinion, hesitant to make suggestions, so I usually just kept my mouth shut. And I behaved that way for so long it became a habit. But, in the last four years, a lot has happened. I've fought the Borg, been transformed into an alien, helped defeat the Hirogen. Hell, I've even come back from the dead. I woke up the other morning and it suddenly hit me. I've got a lot of experience now, so why should I be afraid to take the initiative or voice my ideas? Don't worry. We can cut some holes in the environmental suits, get some ventilation going. My sense of humour? What about that stupid gag about the bicycle? No, that was not funny. [Shuttlecraft] Don't mention it. Really, Tom, you don't owe me anything. Time to show off your piloting skills. Think you can handle it? Oh, I'll be watching you, all right. Switching to manual control. We're entering the lower atmosphere. Approaching the landing coordinates. You did that on purpose, didn't you. [Planet surface] Don't worry. The suits can handle it. I'm picking up traces of deuterium. Fifty metres that way. Let's move. Lame. [Cavern] Some kind of metallic compound. Highly viscous, And if these readings are right, its temperature is only twelve degrees? Whatever this stuff is it's packed with liquefied deuterium. There's another pool twenty metres that way. Why don't you go check it out while I collect a few samples here. I don't know what happened. I leaned over to collect a sample and it was like I was pulled in. You're just out of shape. Maybe you should start with the bicycle. Commander. Isn't it incredible? Never better. If we could get mobile transporters down here, we could mine enough deuterium to get us all the way to the Alpha Quadrant and back again. I'd rather stay here and keep working, if it's all the same to you. Really, Commander, I'm fine. You should send some more personnel out to help. They won't even need environmental suits. Bioformed? You mean we have to stay inside this forcefield? Let me go with the away team, Captain. I know the terrain. I can help. No problem. I volunteer Tom to stay here and play guinea pig. [Planet surface] I think it's breathtaking. Yes. No, I don't think so. I wasn't really seeing it before. The beauty. Look over there. What do you see? To me, those geological formations are a dozen shades of red and gold. That dust, it's glowing. And the haze, it seems to intensify the colours. I'm sorry. I know it's weird, but I feel connected to this place.  Commander!(Two bodies in environmental suits are lying on the ground, creating the lifesigns on the tricorder. Kim rolls one over and looks at himself.) [Science lab]  I'm not sure how, but they're still alive. No. I don't want to go back. [Bridge] I belong here.
 It's changed course again. Twenty thousand kilometres off starboard. (Chakotay has changed into his uniform before reporting for duty.) Okay, eleven thousand kilometres off the port bow. I'm picking up a lot of raw data. Subspace flux, graviton waves. Sensors must be confused. The readings are shifting around so much I can't make heads or tails of what's out there.  Graviton wave displacement says we're moving at warp six. Subspace sensors show we're standing still. Torsional shear has increased by two hundred percent.  Ready, Captain. We've got sensors. Scanning to one hundred thousand kilometres, seven hundred thousand. No planets, no asteroid fields, no sink holes. Still nothing ahead. Wait! It's a ship. No lifesigns. Almost a year. Eventually their systems were compromised. The sensors in that ship are more advanced than ours, and they couldn't find a way out. I'm reading a shift of point zero zero three in the graviton shear. Sensors are functioning. Our course is still clear. Take a look at this. (A beacon appears in front of them.)KIM: It's the first beacon we launched three hours ago. Some kind of spatial sinkhole just opened up beneath us. Sensors must be. Must be Must be. I'm locking him out. I don't know how, but the sensors have found us a course.
Yeah, good work. Would you mind telling me where I was? Captain's log, stardate 48710.5. Since the return of our missing crewmen, we've been unable to locate any further traces of the photonic aliens.  [Doctor's office]
The deflector's in position. I'm picking up a phased tachyon beam. I'm on it. Just be sure to thank us when you accept the Daystrom prize. My Mom's birthday is next week. This could be the best present I ever gave her. Who's everyone else calling? One hundred thirty. That's about a month and a half from now. So much for Mom's birthday. Doc, how about a trade? I'm willing to throw in some holodeck time. Come on. It would mean a lot to my mother. Are you sure? Captain Janeway murders a crewman? What did you say to the Doctor? If this gets distributed, people are going to assume this is about us. What are our families going to think? Listen to him. He knows what he's talking about. Great, my character's a hypochondriac. (The turbolift doors open to reveal a red-headed woman with a flashing necklace.) Come on. Ensign Kymble? Lieutenant Marseilles? So it is about Voyager. How many holograms carry mobile emitters? You're very popular with my eighth graders. It's all they ever talk about. Voyager this, Voyager that. Name it. But I don't command a starship. What I said was I'm in command of the night shift, twice a week. It's a small ship. There are only so many command positions available. Mom! Please, don't get involved.(The image starts to break up.) Mom, don't send anything to the captain, do you hear me? Try boosting the deflector output. Argh! I don't believe this. I had a minute and a half left. You just don't get it, do you? Maybe if you had family you were close to, you'd feel a little differently. Chief Medical Officer's personal log, stardate 54740.8. Although the decision has made me unpopular with the crew, I've decided not to compromise my work. I'm making some final revisions to the programme before transmitting it. [Holodeck] He decided it wasn't enough to be just a doctor, so he added command subroutines to his matrix and now, in an emergency, he's as capable as any bridge officer. [Pathfinder lab] Your honour, I think it shows he has a desire to become more than he is, just like any other person. What's this? I overreacted. Thanks, but I can't accept this. You should contact your own family. There must be someone. A distant relative? I'm sure she'd be thrilled to hear from you. [Astrometrics lab] IRENE
 Captain, there's an unscheduled transport taking place in transporter room three. The operator's not responding. No response. And I can't get a fix on their positions. There's some kind of scattering field. Kim to bridge. We got them. And the Doctor seems to be back to normal. [Bridge]
 They made me leave without him. No sleep. They made me leave without him. They said he'd committed a, a murder. An engineering physicist we were working with. His name was Tolen Ren. [Tolen's office] KIM Seventy thousand light years, give or take a few. It's all here. There was no reason to say no, but if we hadn't gone with him that night, none of this would have happened. [The Ren's home] (A small hairy dog is yapping.) Sure. (Lidell opens a tall slim cabinet.) Not the same thing that you're looking at, that's for sure. (The dog yaps.) You're very kind to include us at your supper table. Lieutenant Paris is our best pilot. We went into the other room and started to work on the navigational beam specifications. [Sickbay] It was pretty dry stuff. You know, rewriting baseline code algorithms. Tom got bored. He left us alone for a while. I guess he was with Mrs Ren. I know they saw each other again the next day. That was the night Professor Ren was murdered. No. They never let me see him. They interrogated me for almost two days straight. They asked me a lot of questions about the Numiri. At first, they must've thought we were Numiri agents or something. Professor Ren was the inventor of Banean warship technology. They're attempting to lock a tractor beam on us. Shields at ninety percent and holding. They're sending out tractor beams again. My fault? I tried to warn you. If it had been me, I would've stayed as far away from her as possible. Here they come. [Bridge]  Shuttle to Voyager. They've locked a tractor beam on us. Acknowledged. (They watch the shuttlecraft being dragged towards the stern of the Numiri patrol ship.) We're being boarded. (Three Numiri walk up from the rear section. One has a picture of Paris on his PADD.)
Are you the Emergency Medical Hologram? We've got wounded here. Yes. What? The programme must be malfunctioning. Let me see if I can reset the holographic projector. What did you do to him? Bridge to Janeway. We're being scanned by the array, Captain. It's penetrated our shields. Voyager encountered a subspace anomaly which created a kinoplasmic radiation surge throughout most of our computers. Unfortunately it happened while you were using the holodeck. Barclay was part of the original engineering team that designed your programme. He was in charge of testing your interpersonal skills. It's good to have you back, Doctor.
I've got them. Two thousand kilometres off the port bow. They're moving at low impulse. We're in hailing range. Ensign Kim, and this is Seven of Nine. I have to cut him out with a plasma torch. Talk to him, keep him calm. Seven, give me hand. Harry Kim. Welcome aboard. Well, Turkey Platter, what do you say we go to work? Fissures are opening on decks one, eight and eleven. What happened? That's barely enough to power the sonic showers. Right. So that's how you kept yourself entertained. Maybe we should let B'Elanna take a look. Only one. She was born here. Aye, sir. [Equinox Bridge] I'm picking up spatial fissures. Hundreds of them. I'm reading phaser fire on deck nine, crew quarters. Captain, unauthorised transport in progress. It's the Equinox crew. They've bypassed ops control. They're on their bridge.  Fissures are opening, all decks! [Equinox Bridge] Casualty reports are coming in. Two dead, thirteen wounded. We took heavy damage to the engines. They've gone to warp. No. Ready to transmit. If they understood our message, they haven't responded. Inertial dampers are offline. We can't, not until we restore primary systems. We'll need a few hours. We're being hailed. Direct hit to our port shields. They're holding. Hull breach on deck four.  They took out the weapons array. We're being hailed. It's Ransom.  There's only one life sign left. It's Ransom.
There's a lot of bioelectrical interference. I can't get a clear reading.
Everything on the ship's been affected, including the holodecks. I'd like to claim credit, but I'm innocent. I wonder how the Oracle would look in a sombrero. (Janeway and Torres enter.) I wish I hadn't had seconds. Yes, ma'am. [Dala's ship] VARN [on No response from either one. The other ship is hailing.  She's gone. [Dala's ship]
Friend of yours?(Kim looks in through the shattered front window.) Give me a hand. I ran into some turbulence in the escape pod, decided to turn around and follow your ion trail. Landed about two hundred kilometres from here. At night. I tracked your position with a tricorder and tried to stay hidden during the day. I've got some emergency rations left, a phaser, and the escape pod's transmitter, which I didn't have power left to run, but  Want to give it a try? It's working. Why don't you do the honours? We're fine. What is it? Let him. Who cares? You're serious? That's kind of a strange question. What are you talking about? B'Elanna.
Bridge to Commander Tuvok. Chief Examiner [Bridge]  Nimira's been recalled to the surface. There's been some sort of attack [Corridor] KIM  All away personnel have been told to return to the ship as soon as possible. We're being hailed, Captain. It's Nimira.
Don't worry about me, Captain. I can handle myself. No problem. Torture me all you want, Demonica, I'll never crack. Great. you're doing great. (The airlock opens. Enter Captain Proton.) I've got everything under control, Proton, shouldn't you be getting back to Headquarters? Come on, Tom. I'm just getting to the good part. You need some help? I'm not on duty again till tomorrow morning. Oh, I don't mind. Bye. Yeah, I know. How many times do I have to tell you? I like Megan, but she won't give me the time of day. You can't be serious. Are you kidding? They're nothing alike. Jenny's aggressive and sometimes annoying. But Megan, she's quiet, artistic, and she's got that cute little dimple in her right cheek. No dimple. [Turbolift]  Bridge. What? At least I'm consistent. [Bridge] An M-class planet? What is it? Looks like there's some sort of containment field keeping it from dissipating. They're hailing. First mate? Correct me if I'm wrong, but there is a mission involved here, right? Sailor talk. You'll get used to it.  Twenty thousand kilometres to the surface. That means she's impressed. Rerouting additional power to structural integrity. Nothing to worry about. It's generating massive amounts of artificial gravity. Looks like some kind of field reactor. Well, if these readings are right, it's at least a hundred thousand years old. Looks like the reactor's controlled by a core computer. I'll try to upload the database and get some answers. You're the one who lives here. You tell us. It's like some kind of electric eel. The shields are fried, Tom. You might want to think about getting us out of here. (Another big hit.) Another couple of minutes. We've got a breach. Structural integrity is weakening. We've lost communications, shields, propulsion. Tom, don't you think maybe you're carrying this Captains Courageous thing a little too far? You're going for a swim? Are you crazy? Well, we already managed to interface with the reactor's computer. Maybe we can make the repairs, maybe we can't, but I'm not leaving you down here alone. Age has nothing to do with it. The reactor's diverting massive amounts of power to its structural integrity field. Power normally reserved for oceanic containment. Looks like the density of the water's been increasing over the past few years. It seems the reactor's just trying to keep itself from being crushed. Tom? [Brig]  Tom? Tom, wake up. Bad dream? You know, you look like hell. The Vulcan neck pinch. Well, the Captain finally gave me permission to visit, but I've only got a few minutes. How are you doing? She misses you. So, what have you been doing to pass the time? Really? You should finish it. Maybe he'll hear it someday. You'll feel better getting it off your chest? What are you going to do, delete the letter? That would be pointless. Tom. See you in fourteen. (Harry steps out of the cell, and the forcefield goes up.)KIM: What was it you once told me? That your father used to say you never finished anything. (Kim leaves.)PARIS We're being hailed, Captain. It's Consul Burkus. Looks like they're heading directly beneath the industrial complex. Consul Burkus, hailing again. Captain, this is Tom we're talking about. We're not going to open fire, are we? Go ahead. He's not responding. Twenty seconds to weapons range. [Delta Flyer] Still no answer. [Delta Flyer]
 Twenty one hundred hours, Commander. All systems reporting normal. Like I said, it's twenty one hundred hours. They've been in there over an hour. Didn't the Captain ask you to rescue them after thirty minutes? Of course not, sir. [Holodeck]  I'm reading a massive energy wave nine hundred thousand kilometres off the starboard bow, heading right for us. The wave just changed course. It seems to be tracking us! Captain, when the wave hit our communications array received a download. I'm not sure. Lots of information. I can't decipher it, but there's an audio component. One. Non-humanoid. It's very faint. Probably injured. I'm having trouble getting a lock. [Sickbay] I still have my doubts about this, Doc. It's one thing to create a simple hologram, but you're trying to merge an extensive database with an interactive matrix. A subject for your next slide show? Can't wait. [Holodeck]  What's the name of that exobiologist you chose? Here's the file. Computer, display a holographic simulation of Crell Moset. (Moset appears.) KIM: Have you mentioned to anyone else that this guy's a Cardassian? Maybe you haven't heard. They're not the friendliest folks in the galaxy. Good point. Computer, transfer all reference medical files to the simulation. Now install personality subroutines and voice approximation. Some sort of overload in the interactive matrix. I'm trying. Computer, install a recursive algorithm. Try it again. But his friends call him Doc. No problem. Listen, if he destabilises again, take him offline and call me.  Captain, it's going to explode. Go ahead, Doc. I'll meet you in Sickbay. We'll try to reinitialise him there. Tabor, I could use some help.  Try again. Maybe, but I don't want to do that unless we absolutely have to. We're close. Good. Computer, reactivate Medical Consultant programme beta one.  Isolate datablock oh four five nine. We've been looking for evidence that might support Tabor's accusations. Actually, that's why we called you here. It's not looking good. Strategic information, log entries kept in battle, sensor scans from Starfleet vessels. This, for example. Requisition records from one of Crell Moset's hospitals. Take a look at the requisition orders. It gets worse. Four days after he received the virus samples there was a minor outbreak of Fostossa in the vicinity of his hospital. I have to report these findings to Commander Chakotay. (Kim leaves.) Hear what? Must be those Vulcan ears of yours. Captain, a vessel just dropped out of warp. Approaching fast off the port bow. I wish I could. The universal translator doesn't have a clue.  Transport complete.
No, I really want to get on that transtator assembly diagnostic. I'm sorry. I've got a girl back home. I plan on seeing mine again. I hope so. I told you, I need to run a transtator diagnostic. What did you tell them about me? Record. I never broke any record! Minor hull breach on deck three. Contained. Shields are holding. All vegetation on the planet has been destroyed. This is one of the subspace fractures we've located with a magneton scan of the surface. This is the time of the explosion, where the fracture opens. Then as the shock waves dissipate, the fracture grows more narrow. We believe that the Captain and Lieutenant Paris are trapped at the narrow end. That's consistent with the subspace damage we've observed. We're counting on it. First we have to find a fracture in a location where they've been. Then we have to microscan the fracture to try to pick up the signal from their subspace beacon. We're not sure yet. [Sickbay] (The EMH is scanning Kes with his medical tricorder.) At intense levels it can open a subspace fracture. Only problem is, at the necessary intensity, the polaric generator will burn itself out after thirty seconds at best. Commander, I'm picking up a signal from a comm. badge. No, it's not on subspace. It's here, now. Kim to Janeway. Kim to Paris. Yes, sir. This way. [Room] The comm. badge is designed to self-activate when the casing is destroyed to help searchers locate victims. Got it. Initiating generator.  We're running out of time. The subspacefractures are closing. We've lost over seventy percent of them. We figure the Captain and Paris might have looked for the origin of the explosion to try and prevent it. The polaric levels are higher here than any place we've been so far. Aye, sir.  [Corridor ] (Janeway is working her way closer, hiding behind blocks that link tubes together. She has a local weapon ready.) I have it. Initiating generator. If the widest point of the fracture represents the time of the explosion, couldn't we open a hole just before the widest point? Increasing generator to maximum output. The generator's overloading. I hope so. I told you, I need to run a transtator diagnostic. What did you tell them about me? Record? I never broke any record!
There's a few components intact, but they're badly damaged. Captain, don't touch that. I don't know, but a few minutes ago it was crawling around the floor. I think it's some kind of auto-regeneration unit. I could use a shower. I didn't think they'd fall for it. To be honest, I wish the boom had been a bit smaller. We were only trying to disable them. (Seven enters.) Seven. No, ma'am. The primary shield generator. I've got it. Hurry! What if we beam directly into the transwarp chamber? Twelve seconds. Might as well be an eternity. How? How about a phaser shot across their bow. Might grab their attention. How?
Why not? Handsome fellow. From what? I don't understand. I don't remember having an operation.  What was that? (The mystery Ensign speaks.)  Make a wish. [Holodeck lab] I guess the birthday girl and I get the pleasure of your company, Doc. I thought I picked up a slight distortion in subspace, but it's not there any more. Candid shot? This is the last one. What was that? Power's being drained. Shields and weapons are offline. Doctor. Is she okay? Voyager? You should have beamed him into space.
 We're receiving a distress call from the away team.  Commander. How'd you sleep? That nebula's expanding at a rate of eight thousand cubic kilometres per hour. I've had to adjust course eleven times. It's not a bad way to spend the night. Sir? I've been running sensor sweeps all night. I haven't seen anything. No, not a chance. A ship wouldn't last ten seconds in there. Not even a Borg cube. I'll get the scans underway.  Looks like someone's rerouting power from the warp conduits. Deck eight, section twenty two. The science lab. Sensors are being deflected by some kind of forcefield. Commander, the forcefield has a Borg signature. We're being scanned.  Shields down to twenty nine percent! (Borg drones are knocked out by One's personal forcefield. He steps into an alcove.) Captain, I'm reading a lifesign in the debris. It's the drone. He survived.
