Kira to Sisko. Sorry to bother you, Commander, but we need you up here in the Science lab. Not that we could find. The security seal on the lab was still in place when we got here. Go ahead. Understood. All deputies report to the Security Office. Possible intruder. Go ahead. And there's no sign of Odo? How can you know that? How are we going to get him to come out of the conduits? Commander.
To Cardassia Four to rescue a Bajoran prisoner of war. (The prisoners are rescued.) Come on. We have a ship waiting. Come in. Leaving? I really don't have much choice, do I You break the rules, you pay. Well, I guess I broke one too many. I'll miss you too, Odo. I'm sure he'll do whatever he thinks is best for the station. Well what do you want me to do, Odo? Maybe I just want a vacation. A great man. Li Nalas can handle the job, believe me. Ha! I thought you did fairly well, once I smoothed your edges. (doorbell) Yes? Stick around, you can help me cry in my synthale. No, if you like it Well then, keep it. Come in. Not yet. They say that after I've taken some leave time, I've earned a desk at the foreign affairs building somewhere. Doctor. Dull is a polite word for it. Thank you, Doctor. I do care. No, they haven't. No, they didn't. I really ought to finish packing. (doorbell) By all means, come on in. (O'Brien enters) Chief. Come in. I knew what I was doing. I knew the risk. Come in. A bottle of my favorite synthale, I think. That's very thoughtful, Quark. Is this a joke? Did you plan this? We're open for business. Come on in. Join the crowd. Vedek Bareil. No. Please come in. These are my (pause) These are my friends. I had no idea you were coming to the space station. How could that be? Where would they be coming from? Yes, of course, I mean, I didn't mean to suggest that you Yes, they are. I haven't really had much chance to give it any thought. Thank you. [Ops] I just want you to know that if there's anything I can do to help? Neither did I. I mean, back when I was sent here in the first place. But it turned out better than I expected. I'm sure it will for you as well. Thank you, sir. Request permission to disembark. (to turbolift) Docking bay three. [Monastery garden] (Kira is apparently repairing the stone lining of a pond) It's crooked. I've been adjusting it for an hour. It looks fine from over here, but then I go over there and. This isn't working, Bareil No, it isn't. It's me. The stones are straight. I'm the one who's crooked. Sometimes. Sometimes I even like being that way. If I stay here long enough, I'm sure I could destroy your entire arboretum. Can I tell you something very personal? And you won't tell. I have absolutely no artistic skills. I was the worst fingerpainter at the four year old level. My parents were humiliated. The point is, I'm useless here. So? I need to feel useful. You don't know me. Time? I really should finish the I've never been to this part of the monastery before. Bareil, maybe we should talk about (Then she sees it.) Oh, Bareil. All my life I've dreamed of this. (Bareil opens the orb case.) What do I do? The Chamber of Ministers. (Dax as a Vedek) Dax. I can't hear them. Help me to hear them. I don't know how. Woodcrafts. Definitely the way to go. Yeah, lots of hammers and nails and saws surrounded by monks and vedeks. Very safe and secure No. I'm not a Vedek but I can keep a secret. Me? What part did I play in your vision? No. No, you weren't. (Distant rumbles) That's not thunder. I know that sound. That's gunfire. Kira Nerys. I'm not sure. Commander. I didn't hear you. Daydream. I've discovered it's like riding a bicycle. It comes back to you right away. Back to reality, or back to DS Nine? A lot has happened here. I encountered an orb, Commander. It's given me a great deal to think about. I heard the gunfire in the distance. I didn't realise. We've been so isolated. Commander. Me too. So, you're involved with the Circle. Now I understand why you wanted to ship Li Nalas off to the station. How can you betray your own government? If you want to change the government, Minister Jaro, you vote to change it. You don't sneak up from behind it with a dagger. How about our own military? I'd worry about them first if I were you. We don't have time for this. Ouch. Li's the only chance we've got. Jaro knows you're the only force that could stop him. If we could get him to the Chamber of Ministers. What? The Circle hates the Cardassians. Then it has started.
I think you're all wrong. They're going to thank us. That's what I'd do. He's probably committed all sorts of crimes in their system. They'll be glad to have the problem taken off their hands. I'll have Odo increase security. [Quark's] The Miradorn ship is scanning the freighter. Doesn't look like they're reading the runabout. (WHOOSH) [Runabout Ganges] Ops to Miradorn vessel. Please hold your position. Stand by for departure instructions. Miradorn vessel, you are in violation of Bajoran transit regulations. Please return at once to the docking ring.
No, nothing. It's just that every morning for the last year, I've seen you walk in here and start your day with a raktajino. I know. You never even talk to anyone until you've had your first cup. So how come you're drinking chiraltan tea? Of course. You can drink whatever you like. Which makes you eminently qualified. I can't wait to meet her. Commander, you think he'd notice if we weren't here when he got back. I know. He told me.
We await the Restoration. Walk our path and embrace your own destiny. Go ahead. Of course. [Winn's quarters] What can I do for you? Eminence. Eminence, when you told me that the Prophets had spoken to you, I prayed that they would open your heart, that they would change you. It's never too late. The worst of us can be redeemed. I'm not a Vedek, but it seems to me that you have to set aside the things that led you astray. Ambition, jealousy. Turn away from temptation. Give yourself over to the Prophets. Everything will change once you step down as Kai. You'll see. Eminence, being in power is what led you on the wrong path. They don't always use words to make their wishes known. Sometimes they speak to us by touching our hearts, but only you would know if they had done that. Goodnight, Eminence. [Dominion briefing room] (Weyoun and Gor are having a laugh when Damar enters.)
You're going to destroy the wormhole? Release docking clamps. Shields up. Power to phasers and quantum torpedoes. Bring us around. (The Defiant is joined by two Runabouts and Dukat's Klingon Bird of Prey.) Maintain communications blackout. Nobody fires until we have our orders from Captain Sisko. That'll just make it harder for us to miss. [Ops] Open a channel. Dukat, stop trying to be a hero. Get back to the station. What are you talking about? You can't be serious. Lock phasers. open fire. Well, I've got a vow to make too. Next time I see Dukat I'm going to kill him. I think Julian's right. Odo tells me that a Bajoran maintenance engineers has been missing ever since the Dominion fleet arrived in the Alpha Quadrant. The view's even better from upper pylon two. Maybe it will. Right now I wouldn't believe your father if he said rain was wet. Everyone has their reasons. That's what's so frightening. People can find a way to justify any action, no matter how evil. I think you can't judge people by what they think or say, only by what they do. Captain's log, stardate 50564.2. A large contingent of Klingon warships has arrived from Cardassian space, but its intentions, at least for the moment, remain unclear. [Ops] Captain. I just talked to Odo. Someone overrode the security blocks on the industrial replicator on level seventeen. No such luck. He wiped the memory core. Klingons helping to protect Deep Space Nine. What an interesting concept. Hope they know what they're in for. [Internment centre] The Bird of Prey Y'tem is in position. To all of us. (Kira and Dax leave.) Defiant to Ops. Sensors have just detected Dominion and Cardassian ships entering Bajoran space. ETA ten minutes. [Barracks] Defiant to Ops. According to our sensor readings, there are Dominion ships all around us, but we can't see them or get any kind of targeting lock. [Ops] Go ahead. Yes, sir. Commander. How can that be? A bomb. If it explodes inside the sun And Bajor. We have to use the tractor beams. Wanna bet? Take us to warp. If we don't, there won't be a solar system left. (Zoom and they grab the runabout, yanking it away from the sun then letting go just before it goes KaBOOM. [Ops] Ops to Sisko. You're receiving an incoming message. It's from Dukat. [Captain's office]
How'd it go? Congratulations. Now don't let him down.
There. Right there. The explosion began at the intercooler matrix, and your men were supposed to plant the bomb here, at the secondary plasma relay. That isn't the point. Your men ignored their instructions and their training. It was a success because the Jem'Hadar security slipped up and we got lucky. Don't use those men again for anything other than routine reconnaissance. Every cell has to be insulated from the cell above and the cell below. If I know the names of your men and I am captured Well then, you shouldn't have to be reminded. Are you going to do something about him? All right. (Damar leaves.) Odo. You should get some rest Anyone in the bunkroom? Okay, it's all yours. Odo. Good work. No. They're still having trouble understanding the underlying technology. We don't know that yet either. But if we could supply the Federation with one, it would give them a chance to come up with a countermeasure. There's a Cardassian repair facility in the Kelvas system, right? It won't be easy, but if we can get onto the bridge. All right. We'll take a five man team. The four of us, plus Odo. Garak, I'm going to need everything you have on the Kelvas facility. Is something wrong? What's on your mind? I know. I love him, Garak. You think I really wouldn't notice? Because I also know that he doesn't want me to find out about it. He wants to put up a brave front and protect me from the truth. Well, fine. If that's what makes this easier for him, if that gives him one last shred of dignity to hold onto, then I'll go on ignoring what's happening to him until the very end. Anything else? All right. We will need a Cardassian shuttle with the latest security protocols and a schematic of the [Infirmary] (Martok is hooked up to C24 life support.) Good. I'm a little busy right now, Rusot. Why don't you find someone else to play with. Oh, this should be good. Oh, I don't have time for this. (Rusot grabs her so she hits him several times and gets him in an arm lock.) Don't you ever touch me again. No, this (jerk) is hitting a nerve. Stop pushing me or I'll make you realise just how many nerves you have in that miserable body. (Kira lets Rusot go.) You won't have any trouble finding me. (Rusot leaves.) Thanks for all your help. Did I? Sorry. I'm just worried about you. Right. Could you take the helm? I'm going to get a raktajino. (Kira joins the Cardassians in the rear compartment.) What's wrong? Yeah, Damar, what kind of people give those orders? (Damar steps forward, then leaves.) Oh, that was stupid. I could have picked a better time. Secure those hatches. (The Founder morphs into Odo.) We'll argue about this later. Prepare to flood all decks below the bridge with neurazine gas. Bring the warp drive online. Lay in a course for the Federation. We're not leaving without that weapon. Yes, we do. No one even knows we're on the bridge. All we have to do is sit tight, give the standard replies to any inquiries and wait for the Breen to do their work. Disable the visual feed. What was her name? Come on! This is Luaran. No, I can't see you either. We're experiencing difficulties with our comm. system. What do you want? Just a moment. They want the status report on our navigational array. That data is coming to you. Excellent. We'll be repairing our comm. system for at least the next hour. I'll contact you when we're finished. Luaran out. Then we're dead. [Infirmary] (O'Brien brings a sandwich box.) How much longer? Odo, are you all right? There's nothing to be sorry about. Just stay with me, Odo, stay with me. We're going to get out of here, all right? Just hang on a little while longer. Shut up, Rusot. Go back to your post. Then let's all get the hell out of here. Flood all compartments with the gas. Clear all moorings. Bow thrusters ahead full. (The Jem'Hadar ship undocks and goes to warp.) (to Damar) Take the helm. (Kira goes and sits next to the suffering Odo.) Why? Odo, I've known all along. But it's not over. Julian's probably working on a cure right now and
Meet them? How? Yes.
How could the Dominion invade Ferenginar without first conquering the surrounding systems like Clarus and Irtok? That's not what I said.
Chief O'Brien wants to know when you can stop by and inspect the new runabout. The Rubicon it is. You know, the rate we go through runabouts, it's a good thing the Earth has so many rivers. Wood, of course.
She'll be here when you get back. I wish you'd stop doing that. Calling me by my rank. I was promoted two months ago. Besides, it sounds so formal. The admiral's ship is due in three hours, and I wish I knew what he wanted to talk to me about. Yeah, well don't get your hopes up. There was something about the tone of his voice. Something pleasant. It was like he was going out of his way to be nice. Well, whatever he wants to tell me, he knows I'm not going to like it. It comes with the job. No, I'm serious. Sitting in the Captain's chair, having that kind of responsibility, it focuses you. How long have they been there? I remember when the cult of the Pah wraiths was a joke. Now those red armbands are appearing all over Bajor. It's like everyone's gone crazy. Believe me, I know how they feel. That's no excuse to turn to hate and fear. Oh, what good would that do? I keep thinking if the Emissary were here, things might be different. Not a word in three months. When did you turn into an optimist? That was some kiss, wasn't it? For a Romulan. I wouldn't care if the Romulans were the only thing standing between us and total annihilation. I would still think twice before allowing them to establish a military presence here on the station. And a contingent of personal guards. And when will that be? And I have to live with it. I'm just keeping his seat warm. Don't you? I'm afraid they are. But don't worry, you'll get used to them. I'm sorry I wasn't at the airlock to greet you when you arrived, but I was I hope you find your accommodations satisfactory. Other than the chairs, of course. Meaning what? But you're different. Or so Admiral Ross tells me. I'd like nothing more. Nothing. I just never thought I'd see a Romulan eating a jumja stick. And? Personally, I can't stand them. Too sweet. I'll do that. I'll tell Chief O'Brien to start replicating Romulan system modules. Coming from a Romulan, that's quite a compliment. Derna? Last time I checked. I'll ask the Council of Ministers. From the Dominion counterattack in the Chin'toka system. I'm afraid that your people took the brunt of the assault. Oh, no. All I did was put in your request to the Council of Ministers. They made the decision. I'll keep that in mind. [Promenade] I do for you. Well, the hospital may not be equipped to treat other species. And a mutual distrust of one another. That doesn't change just because they're allies against the Dominion. High concentrations of trilithium isotopes. I'll look into it. [Holosuite caves] (Worf is doing vigorous Mok'bara exercises with a bat'leth when Martok enters.) Senator, I have a message for you from the Bajoran Council of Ministers. Sorry, sir, this can't wait. (Cretak takes the PADD from Kira.) The hospital isn't the problem. The seven thousand plasma torpedoes the Romulans have secretly deployed there. Well my government doesn't agree. You're to begin an immediate evacuation. Not this time, Admiral. My government considers the Romulan presence on Derna to be a direct threat to Bajor. Then remove the weapons. Bajor will guarantee its safety. Either you remove those weapons, or we will. [Dominion briefing room]
Hi, Julian. Yes. Nerys. Oh, are you kidding? Odo never talks about his feelings.
The ejection system isn't responding. Julian. I must have fallen asleep. Colonel, actually. Colonel Anastasia Komananov, KGB. Oh, Julian, I never thought I'd see you alive again. Not after you fell out of that dirigible over Iceland. Oh Julian, you are not well. Let's lie down. Who is this Major Nerys Kira? Julian, we don't have time for games. There is much to talk about. I demand to know who you are talking to! [Ops] Julian, tell me. Julian, talk to me. Tell me what is happening. Oh, Julian, you are so tense. I wish I could relax you but I am here on business. (She hands him a manila file) In the last twenty-four hours, a series of earthquakes have struck cities from Vladivostok to New York. Our seismologists have analysed the earthquakes and come to the conclusion that they are artificial. Your friend seems to know something. If you say so. Because of the global nature of this crisis, my government and yours have decided to cooperate. We will be working very closely. Our assignment is to find out who caused the earthquakes and what they want. We do have one clue. One of the world's leading seismologists, Professor Honey Bare, has vanished. We believe she has been kidnapped. (Bashir stares at the photograph.) I didn't think she was your type. We think so. She disappeared only a few hours before the first quake struck New York City. She was last seen (The doors open to reveal Mona, holding the tuxedoes) Wait! Wait, please. Let us have one last kiss. (sotto) Earring. (Falcon turns his back as they kiss and Bashir removes the large pearl earring.) Time to clip this bird's wings. (She makes to shoot O'Brien.) Niet! What are you doing? Julian, what are you saying? He's been trying to kill you for nine years. Who is Dax? Who is Dax? We believe that Doctor Noah is behind the abductions. During the past two years, he has kidnapped an elite group of sixty artisans and scientists from around the world. No one knows why or where he has taken them, but our sources tell us that each of the missing people was invited to meet Doctor Noah at a club in Paris shortly before they disappeared. Da. Who is Dax? [Holosuite corridor] (Rom and Eddington take of a panel to get at the workings.) I believe Doctor Noah would be very interested in meeting my husband. He's one of the leading geologists in the world. что случилось? (Shto chort sloo-chee-luhs?) And what is your philosophy? Are you some kind of anarchist? She's working with him. But if the surface of the Earth shrinks, the oceans Julian, you are just in time. He was about to activate the final sequence of the lasers. Kill him, Julian. Well then, I will. (Kira goes for his gun) What are you doing? You've destroyed the Earth. [Ops]
Yes! What? Oh. Thanks. Almost home? How long have I been asleep? I don't get seven hours sleep at the station. I am so hungry I could even eat Quark's food. What was that? Just outside Bajoran space. Elevated tachyon readings, subspace shockwaves. Looks like a cloaked ship exploded. Something exploded. Let's take a closer look. Bring us to five hundred metres from those coordinates. This is Major Kira Nerys. We're investigating an explosion which happened at these coordinates. Take us home, Chief. But keep scanning the coordinates of that explosion. There's a lot more going on out here than just military exercises. [Quark's] Which would support their story about conducting military manoeuvres. Or a blown plasma conduit, or a dozen other things. The bottom line is, there's no way to be certain from these readings. Whatever it is, they're doing it awfully close to Bajoran space. And if I run into the Klingons? Understood. Should I take Worf? Yes, sir. (Kira leaves) They're getting close to violating Bajoran space but they're never crossing the line. Especially when they're cloaked. Something's wrong here. (BOOM and a Klingon ship decloaks, on fire.) Stand by shields and phasers. Casualties? Open a channel. This is Major Kira Nerys on the USS Defiant to unidentified Klingon vessel. Do you require assistance? Understood, Drovana. Defiant out. Why aren't the other Klingon ships helping them? Maybe they're busy doing something that can't be interrupted. Something that blew a hole the size of a house in a Vor'cha-class cruiser. Our medical facilities are extremely limited. If you wish, we can tow you to Deep Space Nine. And the Drovana was cloaked. Even Klingon torpedoes can't track vessels operating under cloak. But there have been at least a dozen ships moving in and out of the system since that explosion. Why haven't they struck any mines? How do we find these mines? The place to get them is docked at upper pylon three right now. The only question is how? We'll take care of it. (Kira and O'Brien leave.) Open a channel. This is the USS Defiant to all Klingon vessels near the Bajoran system. We are preparing to destroy your minefield. I suggest you leave immediately. This is your only warning. (big pause) Anything? Oh, they're out there all right, and I think we'll be seeing them fairly soon. Prepare to detonate the mine in grid twenty one alpha. Send out the code. (BOOM) We can't say we didn't warn them. Detonate all the mines in grids twenty two alpha through forty seven gamma. Let's see how many other birds we can flush out of here. [Worf's quarters] (Kurn has a bottle and a gun. Worf walks in as Kurn is pointing the gun at his head.)
What the hell is wrong with Starfleet? How could they do this to him? Sisko? Bashir? Odo, this isn't a police investigation. Then stop interrogating these people. This is the moment you've been waiting for all your life. Enjoy it. He really is happy to be here. Aren't you? Odo. What have you done to him? Odo. Are you all right? What happened? This is beautiful. It's only been a few hours. Believe me, you're not the outsider here. I am. Solids? I don't intend to stay long. There's a chance Sisko and the others survived the attack. I'm going to go back to the shuttle and try contacting them. Odo. All right. But if you need me, I'll be in the shuttle trying to contact Sisko. Don't worry. When I was in the resistance I learned to camouflage subspace messages with quantum interference. I taught the method to Commander Sisko. If anyone intercepts the signal all they'll read is elevated levels of background radiation. You too. [Corridor] Computer, transmit a subspace signal using a narrow theta band frequency shifted into a background radiation domain. I hope you're out there, Commander. Identify source of interference. Locate power source. Can you identify? No. Some kind of power source interfering with my signal. Do you have any idea what it could be? Are you all right? And? I'm not really sure what that means. Odo, are you here, Odo? I'm going to try to track down the source of the interference. If I can't find it and neutralise it, I'm going to have to leave here and try to find Sisko and the others. I'm really glad you made it home, Odo. I know everything is going to work out just fine. I don't believe it. I'm talking to a tree. You're probably not even here, are you? [Cavern] (Kira's tricorder leads her to a metal door set in the rock.) Why would shape-shifters need a door? Kira to computer. Scan the area dead ahead of me for one hundred metres. Odo, I've been waiting for you. I'm so happy for you. So, I guess this means you'll be staying here a while. I've enjoyed working with you too, Odo. But before we say goodbye, I need your help one last time. Remember that power source I was telling you about? Well, I've found it. I couldn't tell. There was a door blocking my path. I need you to help me open it. It's composed of some kind of metal the tricorder couldn't identify. Other than that, it's an ordinary door. I know. Do you think you can get it open? Commander? What kind of experiment? And what have you found out? You belong to the Dominion, don't you? Is that what you call it? Imposing order? I call it murder. I'm sure it all seemed very real, but the truth is, you've been held in this room since the Jem'Hadar brought you here from the Defiant. I'll stay down here and make sure that he gets back to the ship. Odo? Kira to Defiant. Two to beam up. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Ops to Captain Sisko. Minister Gettor's shuttle has docked. I already have. His time here is limited and he's anxious to meet with the Emissary. That went well. I think you made it clear to the Minister why the Emissary can't endorse his land reform programme. If you like, we can go over the weekly personnel reports. Maybe he convinced her to take him over there for a visit. Want some company? I can think of safer places to visit. Just want to be prepared. (Sisko waves the mirror gizmo over the transporter controls.) If this is supposed to teach me a lesson you might want to turn that little toy of yours to a higher setting. Well done. Now I have to admit, the last time you were here you had me completely fooled. I really thought you were my Benjamin Sisko. (sotto) Help me escape and I promise I'll be grateful. Very grateful. Well then perhaps you'll find Marani and have her sent to my holding cell. One of my servants. I am a touch sore. And she does give the most exquisite massages. (Intendant Kira is hauled away laughing.) [Klingon Bridge] Me help you fight the Alliance? What a perverse idea. I have a better one. Why don't I cut your throat? A quick death. Much less painful than anything the Regent will do to you. The Regent has no reason to question my loyalty. I didn't lose anything. It was Garak and the rest of those Alliance fools with their excessive brutality. I could never make them to understand violence is a precision instrument. It's a scalpel, not a club. Garak is a coward. He ran at the first sign of danger. You have a point. It's a possibility. Why don't you lower this forcefield and join me in here? It might help stimulate my thought process. That's not a very friendly attitude, especially when you want my help. Oh, it's Professor Sisko, isn't it. Well, she's very attractive but I've known Breen icicles that are warmer than she is. If you say so. Still, I've never been able to resist anyone named Benjamin Sisko. The Alliance ships are quick and powerful, but they do have one weakness. Their targeting systems can be fooled. They've been known to chase warp shadows. You're just going to have to trust me. [Klingon Bridge] (Garak is being thrown around.) Tell me something. Are you as bored as I am? (The guard does not reply.) I'll take that as a yes. You know, I bet if we put our heads together, we could create a little excitement for ourselves. Isn't that a coincidence? I was hoping you weren't married. (Nog enters with a tray) Nicely done. I'm going to need that more than you will. I wasn't aware we were on the same side. I'm hoping this new rebel ship keeps the Alliance busy while I get to Bajor. I have friends there who'll hide me. Nog? (She shoots him) You're right. You won't tell anyone. [Another Corridor] Jennifer. You look as beautiful as ever. [Defiant Bridge] (The Klingons are still concentrating on the station when one goes KaBOOM and the Defiant flies through the resulting fireball. Then they chase after another.) You know, I really have to thank you, Jennifer. Not only do you guarantee me safe passage off the station, but you'll make the perfect gift for the Regent as well. Why is he so important to you? I've never seen you so passionate. It gives you a lovely glow. All right, he doesn't have to come. (Kira makes to shoot Jake.) Now that was unfortunate. I'm afraid it's too late. For both of you. Just out of curiosity, why was she protecting you? Your mother? You're Sisko's son. From the other side? Well, in that case, give your father a message from me. Tell him I spared your life. That's a debt I intend to collect. [Defiant Bridge]
To a hologram? Very nice. A Clyde? Well count me out. I'm leaving for Bajor in the morning. Now you see what you started? (Kira leaves.) Odo, hello. Anything interesting happen while I was gone? I'm sorry to hear that. How the hell did you get in here? What do you want? About what? Odo. He told you that? Odo spending time in a holosuite? I'm sorry. That's just not the Odo I know. Are we're talking about the same Odo? I take it that's a good thing. How did you get in here again? No, that's what you're talking about. I'm trying to meditate. Good. Then leave. What for? If Odo wants to have dinner with me, then why doesn't he ask me himself? Then I better say yes. Thank you. So do you. This is all very interesting, but don't you feel a little silly being here in a holosuite? I didn't know you spoke French. Vic's a fountain of information. I'm certainly not. The two of us having dinner together? It is a bit unusual. No, it looks delicious. I'm not hungry. The truth is, I'm a little nervous. A bit. It is our first date, right? Of what? I thought the only thing you enjoy is your work. You told me yourself. Vic? I know the feeling. (Vic sings 'I've Got You Under My Skin.') It's a pretty song. Sure. What do we do now? I'm not sure I know how to dance to this kind of music. Sorry. I had no idea you could dance. I can't believe we're having our first date in a holosuite. I understand that you wouldn't feel comfortable at Quark's, but I know one or two out of the way restaurants on the station. Are you embarrassed to be seen with me? Why? (The song finishes.) Complicated to leave a holosuite? You make it sound like I'm a hologram. Is that what you think? And me. Oh, there's nothing's wrong. Have you ever had a moment of pure clarity? A moment where the truth just seems to leap up and grab you by the throat? This has nothing to do with Shakaar. Now tell me, have you ever had a moment like that? Only two moments of clarity in seven lifetimes? I guess so. You're absolutely right. It makes perfect sense. That's two in two days. Odo, wait. No, I don't think that's a good idea. We need to talk about what happened. No, let's discuss it over dinner. You can choose the restaurant. Anywhere but a holosuite. I don't care if he approves or not. Shakaar and I are friends. That's all, friends. The First Minister asked me to update him on the war with the Dominion. My visit was strictly business. Now, are we going to have dinner together or not? (Their voices get louder and louder.) I don't know. Maybe we could go dancing. Well, it's possible. Well why don't you? (So he does, long and hard. Everyone gathers to watch. Quark, Morn, Dax, passers-by. Somewhere a sax plays I've Got You Under My Skin.) You're right. Who needs dinner?
We've got it, Captain. He's on a Maquis raider. They're breaking orbit and heading out of the system. Aye, sir. [Bridge] He's headed for the Badlands, all right. Course is zero mark two one three. Not good enough. He'll reach the plasma fields two minutes before we're in range. The Chief's had it online for six hours now. I think he's eager to have someone give it a try. The Malinche is moving to intercept. What is he doing? He's no match for the Defiant. Is this some kind of suicide run? We've got a massive computer failure. Every computer system is down. And all the backups. We're losing control over everything. Ops to Captain Sisko. Sir, you'd better get up here. There's news and it's about Eddington. [Ops] Eddington just upped the ante. He attacked the Cardassian colony on Veloz Prime with a biogenic weapon. What I don't understand is where the Maquis got the materials to make a biogenic weapon. On the other side of the Badlands. They're headed for Veloz Prime now, but by the time they get there. Given the amount of chemical compounds Eddington stole, how many of these weapons will he be able to make? So unless they stop Eddington, the Maquis have turned the tide. Close exterior hatches, depressurise the airlock. Detach umbilicals, clear all moorings. Docking clamps released. Distance from docking ring, fifty metres. Sixty, seventy, eighty. We're coming around too fast. We're starting to roll. Warp one, sir. Forward scanners are still not functioning. Engine room, where are those field stabilisers? I've got something. It's a small neutrino signature, bearing two one eight mark one three five. Distance approximately nine hundred kilometres. It's moving. It's a Maquis raider. Incoming transmission from the Maquis raider. It's Eddington. Incoming transmission. Sending over a document. Captain, closing on the Maquis ship. Seven hundred kilometres. Sir, the neutrino readings are dissipating. It's not a ship. It's an unmanned probe set to transmit a false warp signature. He's up to something outside the plasma fields. Sir, picking up a distress call. It's the starship Malinche. They've been ambushed by the Maquis. It's dead in space. (Later, at the Malinche, Sanders' hologram has definitely been in the wars. ) Sir, incoming transmission. It's Odo. And there are constant ion storms in that system. Good places to hide if you want to mount a surprise attack. Activate parabolic sensor array. Initiate lateral scanners. We're too late, Captain. Eddington's detonated his weapon. The nerve agent is already spreading through the planet's atmosphere. Maybe not this time. I'm reading residual neutrino levels. Looks like one maybe two Maquis raiders behind the fourth moon. They're on the run. Fifteen seconds. They've locked phasers on us. Forward shields online. Sir, this one's making another run for the planet. I don't get it. They've already poisoned the atmosphere. They've locked phasers on one of the transport ships evacuating the Cardassians. (The Maquis fire.) They've disabled the transport. It's losing power. It's going down. We're out of transporter range. Incoming transmission. Two minutes to impact. Solosos Three. Less than an hour away. One minute left. And still no transport ship activity or any other sign that they're beginning to evacuate. Incoming message. It's Eddington. The trilithium resin is dissipating throughout the biosphere. The Maquis are scrambling their transport ships. They're starting to evacuate.
Benjamin Sisko was more than my commanding officer. He was the Emissary to my people, sent by the Prophets. But most importantly, he was my friend. Jake, where are you going ? No. It's a voluntary resettlement, not an evacuation. Jake. I wanted to talk to you about something. I spoke with your grandfather and he told me that he asked you to go live with him. Even if this sector weren't on the brink of war, I would like to see you leave the station. Oh, Jake. I could order you to go if I wanted to. All right. You stay a while longer if you want to. But you have to promise me when the time comes and I tell you to go, you'll do it. [Corridor] (A blue light flickers back round the corner. Sisko is there.)
Now? All right, but I don't think it'll do any good. [Corridor] I thought that too, at first. Then why is your brother still in a holding cell? (They round a corner and speak to the guards.) I'd like to hear that from Odo. And how long has his guest been visiting? Hey! hey! Let's go, Quark. [Odo's bedroom] (They are sitting, fully clothed, on either side of the bed.) That's right. I It's one of Ziyal's paintings. Gul Dukat must be very proud. I think so. Why, don't you? That's too bad. Or they made a mistake. It's about Rom. He has been in a holding cell for over a week. And I was hoping you would consider releasing him. Execute Rom? He is married to a Bajoran citizen. We'll see what the Bajoran government has to say about that. Ziyal. Do you have a minute? I need you to talk to your father for me. Rom. [Captain's office] You can't trust them. Forget about it, Quark. Freeing your brother's going to take careful, precise planning. It's not the Nausicaan way. They're thugs. They'll come strutting onto the station, look at a Jem'Hadar the wrong way and before you know it there's blood on the Promenade. I'll take care of it. I'll have a You don't like my attitude, Damar? You're welcome to try to change it. (Kira leaves.) A week? Are you sure about that? We have to stop them. Forget about Odo. First, we can't get to him. Second, even if we did he wouldn't help us. And how do you suggest we get a message to them? Trust us, Jake, it is. How? Come on, Jake, this is no time for games. (Jake points at Morn, who is wrapping a present. Probably for his mother.) Morn? I think he believes that too, when it suits his purpose. Not everything. He really does care about you. Right now you're angry and hurt, but that's going to pass. And then you'll have to decide what to do. (Damar enters) You heard her. Let her go. I was hoping you'd ask. (And she thumps him into oblivion) No, but I thought about it. That's up to him. [Sisko's office] I have nothing to say to you. Oh, you bet I am angry. Do you have any idea what's going on? Dukat is bringing down the minefield, the Federation is about to be overrun by Dominion reinforcements and Weyoun has ordered Rom's execution and you have been occupied. If you're going to talk me about the Link, don't bother. I'm a solid, remember? I won't understand. Sorry? That's what you wanted to tell me? You're sorry? Well let me tell you something, Odo. We are way, way past sorry. [Bridge]
This is Kira. [Ops] Put him through. Razka. It's been a while. How's business? What's on your mind, Razka? Like the last time? Can you bring it to Deep Space Nine for analysis? Tholians are after you again? It's been six years. Even if you have found a piece of the Ravinok, it doesn't mean there are any survivors. Trelos Vren? Where have I heard that name? And now he's taken up pickpocketing? I'm sorry, Odo. I may have a lead on the Ravinok. I know what you're going to say. It's been six years since the Ravinok disappeared. Odds are everyone on board is dead. Good luck? Lorit Akrem. Come in. Captain. You here to see me off? What's wrong? And you said yes? Carrying Bajoran prisoners. I'm not stopping anyone else from looking. I just don't see why they have to come with me. All right. Just tell them I'm not going to wait forever. If their representative isn't here within fifty two hours, I'm going alone. Someone's in a big hurry. We'll be crossing into the Badlands in approximately six hours. Dukat, let's get one thing straight. This is my mission. The only reason you're here is because I agreed to let you come along. When I give an order, I expect you to follow it. No questions asked. Good, then we shouldn't have any problems. There's one thing I don't understand. Why did the Cardassian government send you? I knew someone aboard the Ravinok. Lorit Akrem. Is there something wrong with that? Lorit recruited me into the Shakaar resistance cell. Captain Sisko's right. You are in love with the sound of your own voice. Which part? The massacres or the strip mining? All of which Bajor achieved in spite of the Cardassians, not because of them. Cardassia and Bajor, maybe. You and me? I doubt it. All right, Dukat, that's enough. Now, if you don't mind, I would like to spend the next six hours in silent meditation. Whatever it takes. We both might survive this trip after all. [Sisko's quarters] (At candle-lit dinner.) How'd you get a hold of this, Razka? Can you tell if it's from the Ravinok? Because when we talked, I didn't know I would be. Did the Ferengi tell you where he found it? Dozaria it is then. Thanks, Razka. I owe you one. I just don't understand how the Ravinok could've gotten so far off course. Dozaria is light years from where they should have been. Maybe. Or they could've had a problem with their navigational array or run into some kind of subspace anomaly. We're entering orbit. I'm picking up a faint magneton signature. It could be residual radiation from a damaged warp nacelle. I wouldn't advise it. All this ionic interference will scatter our molecules halfway around the planet. We're going to have to do this the old fashioned way. That'll be the day. Going in. [Desert] (In Soledad Canyon, at 100 degrees plus) Only a Cardassian would call this hellhole invigorating. Don't worry about me. (They come over a crest) The Ravinok. (The wreck of the space ship is mostly buried inside the slope they've just come down.) [Quark's cafe] She didn't just crash. These are phaser hits. And paid for it. (Next to the ship is a circular arrangement of stone cairns, looking like the petals of a flower.) Twelve graves. So where's everybody else? What are you doing? I'll help. There could be Bajorans buried here too. I have a list of the missing Bajorans. I should be able to identify them from the family imprints on their earrings. I'll work on the Ravinok. I should be able to get something from the ship's computers. Standard Cardassian military codes from six years ago, right? I got them from Bajoran intelligence before we left. Dukat, I was able to reactivate the (sees him sitting) Dukat. What was her name? I recognise a Bajoran pledge bracelet when I see one. Friend? Is that all she was? I see. Don't worry, Dukat. You're not the only Cardassian officer who kept a Bajoran mistress. The head of the Occupation in love with a Bajoran? Did your wife know? If Lorit's dead, he's not buried here. According to the ship's computers, the Ravinok was attacked by two unidentified warships. The attackers chased the Ravinok here and must have forced her to crash-land. Or they could still be here somewhere on this planet. Too much ionic interference. The sensors would never be able to pick up their life signs. There may be another way. In these conditions, tricorder readings will only be about twelve metres, but that should be enough. During the occupation, Bajoran resistance fighters carried subdermal implants of tritonium isotopes. The idea was that if they were captured, they could activate the implant which would leave a trail of isotopes so they could be tracked and rescued. I think I have something. That way. For one thing, I can't see two metres ahead of us. And anyway we could both use the rest. So stop pacing and sit down. (Dukat sits, then cries in pain) What is it? Let me see. Well keep still and let me see what I can do. Oh. This is going to hurt. If you say so. Ouch. Run this dermal regenerator over the wound. It is from this angle. You have to activate it. You probably should eat one of these. Actually, they've gotten a little worse. Tell me something. Who's Tora Ziyal? When I reactivated the Ravinok's computer, I downloaded the manifest. There were two civilians on board in addition to the prisoners and crew. One was your friend, Tora Naprem, and the other was Tora Ziyal, a thirteen year-old girl. Ziyal's a Cardassian name. The way I see it, there's only one explanation. Ziyal was Naprem's daughter, and you Now I know why you're in such a hurry to find the survivors. You're hoping that she's still alive and you can rescue her. You know I'm not going to let you do it. I mean it, Dukat. You are not going to kill that girl. That's right. She's your daughter. And there is nothing more important to Cardassians than family. At least that's what your people are always saying. Well, you should have thought of that before you got involved with Naprem. You don't have to take her back to Cardassia with you. Let me take her to Bajor. No one has to know that you're her father. So you sent them to a prison camp. I don't understand. If you cared enough to help Ziyal then, how can you be thinking about killing her now? Why not send her away again? Listen to you. It's not your wife or your seven children you're protecting, it's you. And the only one who suffers is Ziyal. You would kill your own daughter to save your career. I don't understand you. You said you loved Naprem. I saw you crying at her grave. Take a look. (A mineshaft is guarded by humanoids wearing complete body armour and workers are pushing a wagon inside.) My tricorder's picking up a large concentration of dilithium in the area. They must be using the survivors of the Ravinok to mine the ore. You approve of what they're doing? What is it? (Kira snatches the binoculars from Dukat to see a teenage Cardassian/Bajoran girl ladling out water to other workers.) It's her. All right. We're going to need some help. I'm going to stay here and keep an eye on things while you go back to DS Nine for reinforcements. I'm sending you back, Dukat. That's an order. There's no way I'm leaving you alone here. Maybe I do. But if you hurt that girl, I promise I'll kill you. [Mine] (Two Breen walk along then attack another Breen. One opens their helmet.) Don't make any noise. We're here to help. How many Breen guards are there? How many prisoners? What about Lorit Akrem? Did he make it? He was a friend. Don't tell him anything. There's a peace treaty. Dukat! (The other Breen surrenders.) Go get the rest of the prisoners. Meet me at the entrance to the mine. [Mine passage] (Dukat knocks down a Breen.) Dukat, no. I'm warning you, Dukat. Don't do it. There's always a choice. You don't want to do this. If you did, you never would've told me about Ziyal. Now, put the rifle down. Ziyal, run! I've had better weeks. But I'll never forget the look on his face when he sat on that sand spine. Dukat. Where's Ziyal? You're taking Ziyal back to Cardassia with you. Won't that make things difficult for you?
Me, too. Thanks. This looks delicious. (Hotplates are on a table and the chef is at work stirring a bowl full of, well, green.) What are we having? It smells delicious. I just think you look so cute. (Dax picks up a sort of electronic keyboard.) Sounds like one of you had some talent, after all. What piece was that? It's probably something from your childhood. You'll think of it. Dax? No. But he was concerned about what happened. I thought you might like to talk about it. You can't really think he tried to cheat you? I'm not taking anybody's side. Dax. Wait.
Thank you, Quark. Don't be disgusting. [Promenade] I ordered them for myself. I don't. Jadzia, there's such a thing as privacy. It's my mother's birthday. She would've been sixty today, and my father always said that these were her favourite. I wish I did remember her. I was only three when she died at the refugee centre. (Kira selects and pays for a decorative thin pyramid glass something at a stall.) I'd like to think so. I've always been proud of her. My father always said she was the bravest woman he ever met. [Kira's quarters] (Kira is sleeping.) From whom? Put it through. What the hell do you want, Dukat? Then why don't you just tell me where you are? I have no idea what you're talking about. Is that suppose to upset me, that you know it's my mother's birthday? Nice try, Dukat. But you never knew my mother. She died in the What truth? You're lying. I've had enough of this. Computer, locate Cardassian occupation file, Singha refugee centre. Find and display Bajoran identity profile Kira Meru. (Up comes the data.) [Ops] (Kira enters Ops on the turbolift.) Chief, you were suppose to have finished recalibrating those induction modulators yesterday. Save the excuses. I want it done within the hour. Doctor, is there a reason for your visit? I thought not. We're on duty here, if you don't mind. All right, everyone. We're not at the Replimat. We're not here to drink raktajinos and catch up on the latest gossip. Let's get to work. [Security office] Odo, I've just been informed of the increased criminal activity on the Promenade. I'd prefer that you handle the matter yourself. I do. And make sure that you keep me informed of your progress. Meaning what? I appreciate the offer, Odo, but I don't think talking about it is going to help. It is. That's because I didn't report it. It was of a personal nature. I tried to trace the signal, but He said he knew my mother, that they were lovers. He knew certain things about her. Personal things. I keep trying to tell myself that, but I need to know. There is a way. I can visit the Temple of Iponu on Bajor and consult the Orb of Time. I need to know the truth. That's right. This has nothing to do with the Federation. I need your help as the Emissary, not as Starfleet captain. The Emissary can see to it that I am allowed access to the orb. After that, it's up to the Prophets. If they feel that my request is worthy, they'll send me where I need to go. If not, I've made a trip to Bajor for nothing. The Prophets will be guiding me. Nothing will happen without their blessings. Please, Emissary, please, let me seek the will of the Prophets. [Temple of Iponu] (Kira is escorted to a small, dimly lit chapel where the orb box sits on an altar. She opens it.) [Singha refugee centre] (Kira is crouching in the corner by a rock wall. It's dark and a child is crying somewhere. People are settling down to eat a plate of food. She wanders past areas marked off by curtains. A man comes in carrying a child and leading another by hand.) That's right, we are. And hunger can make people do stupid things. Cardassians are the enemy. We shouldn't be fighting amongst ourselves. We should be trying to help each other. Hey, you want soup, you go stand in line like everyone else. That's all right. I'm not hungry. I'm just glad I could help. They're beautiful. Me? I'm Luma Rahl. It's nice to meet you, Nerys. (A Bajoran man comes in with a Cardassian escort.) Meru, listen to me. I know things look bad, but don't give up just yet. We'll find a way to get out of here. There must be a resistance cell operating here on the station. We'll contact them. They'll help us get away. Nice. Easy, easy. You don't want to make yourself sick. Don't count on it. We need to find a way to get off this station. Once we do, we'll figure out a way to free your family. We'll hide in the hills, we'll join the Resistance. Of course it is. Till then, we just need to bide our (Kira sees the scar) I'm sorry. We all have scars of one kind or another. It's not so bad. What? I don't have many friends. Mind telling me what you're smiling about? It is kind of funny in a horrible way. I just arrived yesterday. Are you sure you're not part Betazoid? That's because you Cardassians eat all our food. And that's one of the reasons we hate you so much. How did you know he was going to say that? I know, I know. More kanar. [Corridor] (Kira is helping the drunk Legate stagger along.) Now, one foot in front of another. Whatever you say. Just try not to stumble out of any airlocks on your way home. No you're not. You're going back to your quarters and you're going to sleep. Don't let appearances fool you. I have a better idea. You go sleep in your quarters, I'll go sleep in mine, and tomorrow I can hardly wait. [Kira + Meru's quarters] Meru, I'm back. I'm going to have to shower for a week to get the smell of that legate off me. (Basso comes out of Meru's bedroom with her clothes.) What are you doing here? Where's Meru? I said where's Meru? I want to see her. I said take me to her. (A Cardassian grabs her, she thumps him and gets knocked down by the second one.) [Promenade - Ghetto area] (Kira is thrown through the gate.) (Weeks have passed during the break. Kira's got proper clothes again and is queuing for soup like everyone else.) You ought to join the work detail sometime, find out for yourself. About my friend? What are you talking about? She is not a collaborator. So was I. Neither does my friend. Look, I told you already, I don't want to join your resistance cell. Just leave me alone. A map of what? Well, like you said, I was only there one day. Why? What are you planning? Are you all right? I've been worried about you since the night they took you. Has he hurt you? Dukat. Understand what? Don't let that smile fool you. He's still the enemy. Yes, it is. Meru, listen to me. While you're in here playing parlour games, he's busy carrying out the extermination of our people. I don't care if he played you a holo-recording of him on his hands and knees begging Central Command to end the occupation. It would still be a lie. Like that first night, when he saved you from that Gul? That wasn't real. He set the whole thing up to win you over. I don't need to know him. I know the things he's done. Look what he did to you. He took you away from your family, from your children. That still doesn't make it right. What about your husband? Taban loves you. How can you forget him so quickly? Is that what you tell yourself? That you're doing it for the children? The clothes, the food, the easy living, that you're doing it all for them? Are you that deluded? It's not for them, it's for you. You like it here. You enjoy playing house with that murderer. Don't you see what you are, what you've allowed yourself to become? You're a collaborator. Nom because you like sharing his bed. Because you've fallen in love with him. Back where I belong. [Promenade - Ghetto area] You let me worry about that. You'd be surprised. How large of a blast radius are we talking about? I'll pick the right spot for it. What about her? Why would I do that? Like you said, she's a collaborator. She deserves whatever she gets. (A little later, at the gate) Yeah, I don't like you much either. Now I need you to take me to see Kira Meru. I have. Now take me to Kira so that I can apologise to her. I came because I owe you an apology. The things I said, they were unfair. I'd like us to be friends again. Maybe later. Sounds good. That's not what I'm here for. I'll see to my quarters. Come on, we've got to get out of here. Dukat, get out here now! Go! There's a bomb. I've always hated collaborators. I mean, what could be worse than betraying your own people? During the occupation, if I ever had doubt about what their fate should be all I would think of my mother, how she gave her life for Bajor. She was a hero, they were traitors. It was that simple. Or so I thought. It doesn't make it right. I did some checking. She died in a Cardassian hospital seven years after she met Dukat. Seven years. Do you know how many Bajorans died in labour camps during that time? Died, while my mother sat sipping kanar with Dukat. Believe me, there's a part of me that wishes that I hadn't. But the fact is, no matter what she did, she was still my mother. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Commander, the Paqu delegation has arrived at docking port six. Just getting them to sit down at the same table will be an accomplishment. Sir, about these negotiations. There's an old saying on Bajor. The land and the people are one. Well, the land inhabited by the Paqu and Navot is some of the harshest on the planet. Sir? Not much. The Paqu choose to avoid contact with outsiders. (A man and a teenage girl step out of the airlock. The girl speaks) Well, at least we all agree on something. Spare me the small talk and get me a star drifter. Better make it a double.
(injured arm) Concentrate on the fires in section thirteen. We have to keep them away from the plasma conduits. He's fine. I saw him with one of the damage control teams on level five. It was a Jem'Hadar strike team. They beamed aboard from a civilian transport, disabled communications and weapons, set off an explosive device in upper pylon three, fought a number of small skirmishes (Bashir is doing triage.) They raided the science lab, the reactor control facility and several cargo bays. They were out of here and through the wormhole before we knew what hit us. Forty five minutes at the most. Understood.
Kira to Worf. Sorry to bother you, Commander, but I need to see you and Jadzia in the Captain's office immediately. We don't have a lot of time, so I'll get right to it. For the last two months, Starfleet has been receiving military intelligence from a Cardassian operative. That operative has now sent an emergency signal indicating he needs to speak to someone in a face to face conversation. In thirteen hours, he'll beam an encrypted subspace transmission to these coordinates in the Badlands. Intelligence told me that his name is Lasaran, but that's all they'd say about him. They did emphasise several times that he's very important to them and we should send someone to the Badlands as soon as possible. So, with the Defiant gone and most of the runabouts off on exercises with the Ninth Fleet Afraid so. The Shenandoah is prepped and ready to go on landing pad A. Good luck. [Runabout Shenandoah] (Worf hands Dax a PADD.)
I don't get it. The Klingons relinquished their claim to Archanis Four a hundred years ago. Sounds like war may be inevitable. I hate being pregnant. My nose hasn't stopped itching for weeks. I'm Bajoran. Human women get nauseous. We sneeze. Besides, I think Doctor Bashir's hands are full right now. No news yet. I was thinking of going to visit him. May I come in? Actually, I came to see you. I didn't plan on staying. I just came to bring you this. I figured you might be getting tired of staring at medical consoles all day. If there's anything else you need, you let me know. Odo's only got a few weeks at best. Do you think we can locate his people in time? I'd like to come along. (A-choo!) I know, I know. When will you leave? Take your time. I promise the Defiant won't leave without you. It's coming in on all frequencies. What are you saying?
What are you saying? Then why haven't Sisko or Dax contacted us? You did. But the Captain's orders were clear. As long as we're at war with the Klingons, we need the Defiant here to help protect the station. I'm glad the two of you are in agreement. But with the Captain gone, I am in charge of the station and I say we stay. Mister Worf, the Captain has given us our orders and I intend for us to follow them until he issues new ones. On screen. (A damaged runabout, trailing flames in vacuum. Where have I seen that miracle before?) Life signs? Permission granted. (Worf and O'Brien leave.) (A short time later Dax and Sisko come up on the turbolift.) Glad you made it back in one piece. How was your meeting with Starfleet Command? It's hard to believe one changeling could cause so much chaos. So is Starfleet going to do something about Chancellor Gowron or not? Tough assignment. Who are they sending? Look, I don't want to sound negative, but even if you do get to Gowron, how are you going to prove to the Klingons he's a changeling? The first problem is how to get you safely to Ty'Gokor. Shakaar's not the father. Chief O'Brien. (Kira gets into the turbolift while Dukat's jaw bounces on the floor.) Promenade. [Promenade] It may not be as hopeless as you think. Maybe. [Infirmary] (Sisko, Odo and O'Brien have been surgically to look like Klingons.) Maybe not. Anything interesting? You're kidding. How many will this make? He'll need bigger quarters again. Eighteen? I just hope I can survive one. I don't feel great. Oh, really? It counts. But don't forget, this is still your fault. (In real life, Sid is the father of the child Nana was carrying at the time, remember.) You performed the transfer from Keiko to me. After you put the idea in my head. After you insisted we check on those anomalous bio-scans. That's right, it was. But I'd rather blame you! They'll make it. Question is, will you be able to give them their old faces back? [Dukat's ship - room] (Worf has the pseudo-Klingons lined up. He stops in front of Odo.) Ops to Doctor Bashir. Report to the Infirmary. The Armstrong and the Drake were ambushed by a Klingon battle group and they took heavy casualties. They'll be docking in a few minutes.
Don't ruin it, Julian. That was just what a toast should be. Short and to the point. Don't take it personally. They're very serious about their leisure activities. Me? Never. It was time to go about an hour ago. Okay, we'll get you home. Sure.
Keiko's still in surgery but she's going to be just fine. No, no, Chief. The baby's fine. Positive. Everything's okay. The baby just had a change of address, that's all. Your son's living here now. [Wardroom] Hi. How are you feeling? Fine. Though I think I've put on a little weight. Keiko, this is your baby. [Quark's] He's kicking so hard. Do you think he's all right? Please. Nerys. What's that? It doesn't work that way for Bajorans. Typically, we start sneezing. Uncontrollably. But this is a human baby. I don't know what to expect. (O'Brien comes back with a special support cushion with arms.) Much. Oh, no, no, that's fine. And I should be going back to my quarters. I don't want to impose. I understand. What is it? Oh, I travel light. Sure. [Kira's room] (Lots of flowers.) At least until the baby's born. Well Aunt Nerys. Any time you want. [Quark's] (Just one chair left and FCA stickers everywhere.)
Now why would you say that? Well, maybe they were lucky and they didn't go into any storms. Well maybe they recycled it somehow, used some kind of photosynthetic plant. Oh, you sound just like a Cardassian. They've denied the possibility of ancient contact for decades because they cannot stand the idea of Bajor having interstellar flight before they did. A Romulan?
Is all this really necessary? Twelve? I don't want to go. I'm no diplomat. Going to some obscure Cardassian outpost to share Bajoran intelligence about the Klingons isn't exactly something I'm good at. I don't know why I even agreed to go in the first place. Oh, it was a personal request all right. Shakaar took me to my favourite restaurant in Jalanda City, poured me glass after glass of spring wine, then took me to his home, and gave me a massage with Kolaish spice oil. It wasn't fair. I mean, I would have said yes to anything at that point. (Kira gasps and lies down on the bed.) I'm seeing spots. The size of Alvinian melons. Yes. I'm not going anywhere. So do I. Such as? Oh. Well, I think the Cardassians are going to be a little disappointed. Is that all? Oh good. I'll be right back. (Kira exits rapidly) Come in. Dukat? What are you doing here? You're commanding the Groumall? They demoted you. You still did the right thing, Dukat. Look, if it makes you feel better to blame me, go right ahead. Come in. Ziyal! I didn't know you were on board. Oh please, call me Nerys. So, I take it living on Cardassia didn't work out very well. I'm sorry. I know it must have been very difficult for you. I'm glad you two are getting along. And now that he's been exiled? Your father isn't the only one who's brave. (Alarm) What's that? On a freighter? [Freighter Bridge] You know, you could speed up your phaser recharge time by routing power through an anodyne capacitor. What did you have in mind? Far be it from me to stand in the way of tradition. [Stateroom] This is Bajoran Spring Wine. I talked to Ziyal. She's a lovely girl. Despite everything that's happened? It's good to hear that. I don't know what you've heard. First of all, Shakaar's an old friend. Second of all, what business is it of yours? It's good to see you haven't lost your sense of humour. Is that what you kept track of during the occupation? No wonder you lost. Another drill? How many casualties? At this distance your shields won't mean much. They don't think we're a threat, Dukat. They detected an incoming vessel, they didn't know what it was, so they hid. Now they know and they're unconcerned. What are you doing, Dukat? You can't go up against a bird of prey! I know that, but getting all of us killed isn't going to change that. You attack them and all you're going to do is give them a little target practice. They're going to blow us to pieces with their first shot. Dukat! At least lock onto the underside of their hull. It's their weakest spot. Lucky for us. How close is the nearest Cardassian warship? That's almost three days away. By the time they get here, the Klingons'll be long gone. We can go after the Klingons. That's because a moments ago we were in no position to fight back. I have no intention of letting them get away with what they did. Now, you said scanners showed that the outpost disruptors were disabled not destroyed, right? Dukat, do you think you'd be able to repair one of those disruptors? Maybe not. But there's no reason we can't make a few alterations to your ship. Why not? Dukat, you are going to have to stop thinking like a Cardassian military officer. More like a resistance fighter. You have got to make use of what you have. If you need a hammer and you don't have one, use a pipe. It's worth a try. Get rid of it. I realise it's traditional for a Cardassian captain to take a percentage of the haul, but you are going to have to shed a lot of traditions if you are serious about fighting the Klingons. You'll get used to it. System five disruptor's online. Telemetry lock confirmed. Don't be too impressed yet, Dukat. We still have some problems. Firing the disruptor ruptured power relays and plasma circuits all over the ship. We're going to have to do something about that recoil. Why is it when you smile, I want to leave the room? I'm trying not to think about that. We are not a team, Dukat, and we have nothing in common. The only reason I'm helping you is because those Klingons killed fifteen Bajoran diplomats. Maybe. But all you care about is redeeming yourself in the eyes of the Cardassian government. You have seen an opportunity for advancement and you are grabbing it. If that's true, I suppose I prefer simpler men. That lumbering field hand is the First Minister of Bajor. And he knows more about how to talk to me than you ever will. I don't want to know you well enough. And if you want to keep working with me, I suggest you stick to business. This is a standard issue, Cardassian phase-disruptor rifle. It has a four point seven megajoule power capacity, three millisecond recharge two beam settings. We captured a lot of them during the occupation. It's a good weapon, solid, simple. You can drag it through the mud and it'll still fire. Now this. (Federation phaser rifle.) This is an entirely different animal. Federation standard issue. It's a little less powerful, but it's got a more options. Sixteen beam settings. Fully autonomous recharge, multiple target acquisition, gyro stabilised, the works. It's a little more complicated, so it's not as good a field weapon. Too many things can go wrong with it. I think you should stick with the Cardassian rifle. It's smaller, easier to use, and if we get boarded I don't want you to have to think too much about the weapon you're using. No. I don't. Yes, he did. Does it. Somehow I don't think he'd say that if the Cardassians had won. Then a lot of innocent people died for his education. And when I look at him, I have a hard time seeing anything else. You're his daughter. Ziyal, what your father wants from me is forgiveness. That's one thing I can never give him. Now, I think we should concentrate on getting you comfortable with this weapon. [Freighter Bridge] What about the Cardassian base on the fourth moon of Rakal? The Amleth system's located inside an emission nebula. The Klingon cloaking device would be useless. That's on the other side of the sector. From what it says here, Loval is mainly a civilian outpost with a small subspace relay station. The Klingons have been going after a lot bigger prizes. Sounds like a choice target. All we need is one good shot with the new disruptor. We don't have to find them. We have to make them come to us. We have to make them think that we have valuable cargo aboard. And we'll have a little surprise waiting for them. Not bad. I thought we agreed to keep this strictly business. I have a hard time accepting compliments from you. We'd better get to Loval before the Klingons do. If they're not there now, they'll be there soon enough. I don't usually have any trouble concentrating, unless I'm being distracted. Including yours? They're interested. Now let's see if you can make them bite. I'll let you know. Doors opening. Just give me a minute. (Kira works at a console.) Quiet. I need to concentrate. [Klingon bridge] There's nothing magical about it. Not when you know Klingon transporter codes. (Kira checks internal sensors.) It worked. All our people are here and all thirty six Klingons are on the freighter. I can just imagine that Klingon Captain explaining this to his superiors. Was that necessary? I think I just found a bigger prize. It looks like we've got the target priorities of all Klingon raiders in Cardassian space. Ziyal, do you see the phase compensator in the backup plasma manifold? Odd. Good idea. Hang on, Ziyal. Help's on the way. (Damar leaves) You know something, Dukat? These computer logs are even more valuable than I thought. They contain status reports from Klingon ships and outposts throughout Cardassian space. With information like this, Cardassia could launch a major counterattack against the Klingons. Why not? I thought that's what you wanted. You can change their minds. Convince your fellow Cardassians to go on the offensive. That's not the Cardassians I know. Look, Dukat, I know you're angry, but maybe you ought to think about what you're proposing. I mean, you can't go to war against the whole Klingon Empire with one bird of prey. It's not the same. The Bajoran people were united. We were all fighting for the same goal. You and your crew would be out there alone. It's not that easy, Dukat. Me? No, thanks. I've already got a job. You're really serious about this. What are you talking about? The best way to survive a knife fight is to never get in one. Chances are you won't be. Fighting the Klingons is going to take more than knowing how to fire a rifle or use a knife. You have to learn how to be ruthless. You have to learn to hate the Klingons even more than you hated the Breen. You're right. You do need my help. [Klingon bridge] But not surprised. Not really. You had your moments. But the fact of the matter is I've already been where you're going. I've lived the life you're choosing. Fighting hit and run, always outgunned, living on hate and adrenaline. It's not much of a life, and it eats away at you so that every day a little bit of you dies. No, I don't suppose you do. That's not quite all. There's still Ziyal. The life you're choosing isn't for her. She deserves better. I know you do. And that's why you've got to let her go. That's not true. She could come to Deep Space Nine with me. She's a remarkable young woman. I'll make sure she's okay. Because she reminds me of myself, and I don't want her to go through what I went through. And neither do you. [Ops] I'll take good care of her. That really pleases you, doesn't it? Come. I'll show you to your quarters. Odo, this is Tora Ziyal. She's going to be living here on the station with us for a while. I'll tell you all about it.
You're all crazy. None of this is helping us deal with the Lethean. If you'd stop talking and gave me some time to think, maybe I would. [Wardroom] (Bashir is completely gray by now.) Bajor? Bajor doesn't even know we're in trouble. You know him? Tell you what. If we find the Lethean, maybe we can find you a backbone. Doctor, what are you doing? What? Well I think you're the one who needs help, Doctor. Not us. Oh, what a surprise. Constable, would you stop doing that? Looking around like that. It's getting on my nerves. I don't remember asking your opinion. Well let's hear it. That's Sisko's voice. How can you stand there and say that you're in a coma? That's crazy. I've had enough of this. I am not some figment of your imagination. Look, we are wasting time. The Lethean could be here any minute. A paranoid, a coward, a hothead, and me? Oh, you'd think he'd pick some better company. So, you're saying I'm you? And I suppose he's you too? So why is this Lethean running around sabotaging the station?
Commander, sensors are picking up elevated neutrino readings. Something's coming through the wormhole. Not according to our logs. Sounds like you've changed your mind about him, Chief. No response. Ready shields. Shields up. Maybe they have a right to him. You may need this (a phaser) What if Tosk were to request asylum? Security reports a fight in the Promenade. Here. Apparently O'Brien set him loose.
Look at this. I was checking the contents of one of those crates. A tentacle grabbed my hand. I can't believe they eat that stuff. (Odo is looking at his reflection in the side of a crate.) What are you doing? What are you looking at? What? Would you just tell me. Tell me about this woman. If you say so. You going to see her again? Obviously she's very perceptive. Meaning you should see her again. [Security office] He had her under protective custody. You know how Odo is. He likes to be thorough. What makes you say that? I suppose.
Kira to Sisko. We just received a priority one transmission from Starfleet Command. The Breen have attacked Earth. [Captain's office] (On the monitor we see that Starfleet HQ is a wreck and the Golden Gate Bridge has a big hole in the middle.) You say that every time we take the Defiant into battle. We haven't lost it yet. Initiating impulse pre-start sequence. Opening antimatter injector ports. Trouble in paradise? Sounds serious. Verify astrometric database. That's what happens when you share your toys. Synchronising warp plasma flow. Course set. Airlocks are sealed. Releasing docking clamps. [Winn's office] (Winn has fallen asleep at her desk, so Solbor is quietly gathering up books.) [Corridor outside Winn's office] Aye, sir. We've lost power to the helm. Manual controls are frozen. Captain. We're monitoring a transmission from Cardassian space. I think you're going to find it interesting. Ops] Captain, our listening posts have confirmed the attack on Rondac.
(entering) Warn me? About what? I'm a big girl, Commander. (Kira takes the chip and puts it into the desk monitor as the others leave) [Ops] A minor operative whose activities are limited to running errands for the terrorist leaders? Is something wrong, Opaka? It's interesting you chose this viewport. The wormhole is just out there. Not at all, Opaka. You honour us with your presence. Flight stabilisation at maximum. Should I reverse course? Coming about. Sensors are picking up a narrow band subspace signal. Just a long stream of statistical data followed by a request for reply. I'm not reading any response. There's no telling what it may be. Point three five light years, bearing two two nine mark four one. This is definitely the origin of the signal. I'm having trouble pinpointing the source. It's not coming from the surface. We're being scanned by one of the satellites. I don't like this. It's heading toward us. Reading a significant energy build-up in the satellite. Six hundred megawatts, nine hundred, it's firing. (BANG) Shields are down. Forward thrusters are gone. We're losing power. Impulse generators failing. Holding at sixty-five percent. Stabilising attitude control response. We're holding profile. Pitching up to sixty degrees. Prepare for final braking manoeuvres. Stay with us, Opaka. Stay with us. (Bashir tries to restart her heart.) Ahn-kay ya, ay-ya vasu. Coh-ma-ra, di-nay-ya. Ahn-kay ya, ay-ya vasu. I'm a Bajoran. I'm all right. It's all so senseless. Opaka's always been a symbol of hope to me. Her words gave our struggle meaning. And now she's dead. Her life ends on some unknown moon, and for what? I'll live. Commander! (A short, plump silhouette appears in the cave entrance) I was there, Doctor. Commander. Over here. (Other corpses are waking up.) If you must fight your war, the least you can do is to learn to fight it more effectively. There were no guards at the entrance when we arrived. You have no system to alert your forces of an attack. Your people are obviously unprepared for fighting close-quartered. We're trapped on this moon with only his forces between us and damnation. We have to defend ourselves to stay alive. Now, when the Nol attack again we We have to be ready! What if they use the opportunity to set a trap? What? Me? No, not at all, I. They're content to die. I've always fought to stay alive. I don't want you to have the wrong impression of me, Opaka. That I enjoy any of this. I don't enjoy fighting. Yes, I've fought my entire life, but for a good cause, for our freedom, our independence. And it was brutal and ugly and I. But that's over for me now. That's not who I am. I don't want you to think that I am this violent person without a soul, without a conscience. That is not who I am. (Opaka takes hold of Kira's left ear, and she falls into Opaka's arms, sobbing.) I've known nothing but violence since I was child. I'm afraid the Prophets won't forgive me. Is there a cease-fire? What? It's the wrong answer, Opaka. You can't stay here. You really think the fear of death will end the fighting? It never has in any other war.
Ops to Sisko The Wadi ship has just come through the wormhole. We're sending them to docking bay four. It'll be fine. Right this way. (Kira leads the Wadi away) You two. (Dax enters) What do they want? Behavioural test? Now wait a minute. Oh, no. I'm sure all you Starfleet explorers find this fascinating, but I'm a Bajoran administrator. This is not what I signed up for. Well, this is the first door that's opened for us. I want to know where it goes. (But Kira gets zapped by a forcefield while the girl is passes through it.) I'll be okay. Rhymes and riddles and mazes. What's the logic behind all this? what do they want from us? The Wadi do love games. Excuse me. Excuse me. This has gone far enough. (She breaks a plate) Will somebody please tell me what is going on around here. Why are you doing this to us? What is wrong with you people? You're hurting us. Can't you see that? (Bashir grabs a glass and drinks) How did you know? Simply? What is a shap? We're playing for our lives here, Doctor. I don't think you're taking this very seriously. We should have eaten something at the party when we had the chance. Where's it coming from? Don't move. I'm reading a tectonic shift of two ground masses. We are directly over the fault line. The cavern wall structure has been significantly weakened by the stress. It's not going to hold much longer. We're not leaving you here. Court-martial me. What? You mean we were never in any real danger?
I can't imagine it was a very stimulating environment for them. It should be starting any minute. Did you give them access to the comm. system? And they got all this just from watching Damar's speech? What do you mean? It's hard to believe that the Dominion really wants peace. I wouldn't be surprised if they were just stalling for time in order to regroup. Welcome to Deep Space Nine. Can I give you a word of advice, Weyoun? You're welcome to play your little 'we're all friends here' act with me, but I wouldn't try it with Captain Sisko. He's not in the mood.
What the hell? [Ore Processing unit] Ops to Sisko. Commander, what is going on down there? [Ops] We just got a recorded message from Gul Dukat regarding some worker revolt in the ore processing facility. We'll beam you out of there. [Ops] One that the Cardassians never bothered to give us when they left. Kira here. [Security office] Well, keep at it. We'll try to do the same thing from up here. Dax. (Dax is working in the pit) All right. It's time for a less subtle approach. (She adjusts her phaser and aims it at the door control Bashir is working on.) Doctor. (The manual lever is freed and the door opens, but there's a forcefield beyond.) Well we've got to find a way of disabling the security programme or a lot of people are going to be killed. Your home was built by Cardassians, Doctor. Don't ever forget that. How's it coming? Habitat ring. There have to be hundreds of people trapped in their quarters out there. If you can get past the forcefields, you've got to get out to the habitat ring and start evacuating those people before What are you trying to do, Garak? Get us all killed? Get down. (The Bajoran workers run before she phasers life support and the lights flicker.) Any luck? We're just going to have to take that chance. My phaser's on the Ops table. Can anyone get to it? Well, we can't stay here and do nothing. Dukat, what the hell are you doing here? Then do it! What do you want, Dukat? Maybe you two could settle this at another time! You know I'm never going to agree to that. Dukat, you and I both know neither Bajor nor the Federation will ever honour an agreement negotiated under a death threat. Well let me put this another way. I will destroy this station before I ever give it back to the Cardassians. Look, if you two are finished with the insults, we could use some help here. Now, what can you tell us about the self-destruct sequence? Well then, maybe we should concentrate on trying to eliminate the forcefield protecting the door. What about her? It might even be enough to eliminate the dampening field that's been keeping us from using our communicators. That's right. We prefer our containment fields to be non-lethal. As far as I know. Do you think it'll be enough to eliminate the forcefields? Let's give it a try. [Corridor] (The men meet up at a junction.) Dukat, we're running out of time. Kira to Sisko. [Corridor] Commander, am I glad to hear you. What's you location? We've got about ten minutes before the main reactor core [Ops] Overloads and destroys the station. The only way to stop it is to disengage [Corridor] The laser fusion initiator at one of the control junctions on level thirty four. [Ops] But the turbolifts and transporters are offline. [Corridor] Understood. Good luck. Kira to Odo. We're beginning evacuation procedures. The forcefields have been deactivated and all the doors on the station should be operable. I'll send a work team down immediately.
We just got word from the Klingons. The Rotarran and the Koraga were ambushed by a Dominion patrol near the Badlands. It didn't make it. The Rotarran recovered six escape pods. Worf wasn't aboard any of them. [Quark's] Captain, we have a problem. It's Ezri. She's gone. There's a runabout missing. We can send the Defiant to bring her back. Captain? Aye, sir.
Kira here. Why would you suspect sabotage? I know you did. Did he ever regain consciousness? Thank you, Doctor. I'm on duty in Ops. Excuse me. Maybe, but I need to be there. I appreciate your concern but I'll grieve in my own way in my own time. [Operating theatre] You bet, although I'm afraid I'll have an unfair advantage. No. I've been practicing. [Sisko's quarters] You won't need to call them. I'll do it myself. Is there anything I can do? What happens now? But you're saying if we don't do it, Bareil will never regain consciousness and he'll die. I think she's right, Julian. I think Bareil would want the positronic implants. I realise that, but I know how important this is to him, and I know he wouldn't want to just be put into stasis indefinitely, waiting for some medical solution that may never come. Do the surgery, Julian. Let him finish what he started. [Security] Bareil? How are you feeling? Different? In what way? It's the other half of his brain, isn't it? But you can still help him can't you? You can replace the other half of his brain with a positronic matrix. What do you mean? But you can do it. Sure. You've got your peace treaty, your place in history. You don't need Bareil anymore. Julian, you can't give up now. You have to keep going. But if we do nothing he'll die. How much time? I'd like to stay with him until then. You got your treaty. I just wish we'd had more time for us. There's so much I never told you, but this is the time we have left so I'd better say it now. I'll never forget the first time I saw you, the day you came to the station. You had such a serenity about you. I thought you had all the answers. It really got on my nerves for a while. But then I got to know you and I realised you were just as confused as the rest of us. You just accepted your confusion better than anyone I've ever known. That's when I realised I loved you. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Odo? You busy? Then can I interest you in some lunch? I was thinking about the Klingon restaurant. I haven't been there for ages and I have a craving for broiled krada legs. (Kira and Odo leave.) Well, he looks happy. I don't know, Odo. You sure you want to let him get away with smuggling Denevan crystals? Why is it every time I think I have you figured out you do something to surprise me? Like tonight. Where did you get the idea to celebrate our one month anniversary in Paris?
I heard. Vedek Winn has been meeting with some of the Bajoran civilians about it. She's from an orthodox order. She has some support to become the next Kai. Probably not enough. She has mine. I think some revisions in the school curriculum might be appropriate. You teach a lot of Bajoran children. Then maybe we need two schools on the station. One for the Bajoran children, another for the Federation. A lot of Bajoran and Federation interests are separate, Commander. I've been telling you that all along. But if she's teaching a fundamentally different philosophy Some might say pure science, taught without a spiritual context, is a philosophy, Mrs O'Brien. I'm not sure you can. [Bajoran shrine] Sisko enters as Winn is in front of the shrine. She doesn't turn around.) It was four in the morning. Maybe he didn't want to disturb you. Three Bajoran crewmen didn't report for duty. They said they weren't feeling well. It's too early to tell. Everyone knows if the Federation leaves the Cardassians will be back. I think I've given you all the support I can, short of I thought there was room for all philosophies on this station. Yes. Sir. If you're suggesting he was killed by a Bajoran just because he was with the Federation, I But the log I'm reading traces of cabrodine and infernite, common explosives, both easily obtained. It was all to get him here, wasn't it? The school, the protests, the bombing. You knew that would get him out of the monastery. You did it all to kill him, to stop him from becoming Kai. [Ops] (Kira is alone, staring at nothing, when Sisko enters.) She'll never tell us the truth. We'll never be able to prove that Winn was involved. Okay? I've forgotten okay. I haven't seen okay in what seems like years. I was just sitting here thinking. Last year at this time, I was fighting the Cardassians in some nameless swamp. If you'd stopped by and told me that just one year later they'd be gone, I'd be wearing a uniform, up here in charge of protecting some I envied Vedek Winn because she was a true believer. I wanted my faith to be as strong as hers. I'd rather help you. Commander, I heard what you said to Vedek Winn at the school. I just wanted you to know you were right what you said about the Bajorans, at least about me. I don't think you're the devil.
You wanted to see me, Commander? You'll have it on your desk first thing in the morning. I know, but I just spent the whole day yesterday How did you know? I thought I kept it down to an angry whisper. Every time I talk to one of the ministers I promise myself I'm not going to lose control. But then they give me some stupid bureaucratic excuse for why something isn't getting done, and I get so, so Oh Commander, I am way beyond frustrated. Bajor is in trouble. I just want to help. You're right. I'll get on that report right away. [Ops] Perfect. [Quark's] (The clientele are captivated by a Bajoran playing a variation on the DS9 theme on a wooden wind instrument. Even the waiters are caught up in the mood.) I hear you've been trying to get in touch with me. The sonata Varani is playing is lovely. Your customers seem to be enjoying him. So? He just started yesterday. Stop overreacting. When people hear about how wonderful Varani is, they'll come beating down your door. You promised me you will try him out for a month. Quark, you are going to do this. Because I asked you to. Bounce? That was beautiful. Granted, it's not quite the exhibition halls you're used to. I just spoke with Quark. He likes what you're doing but he's hoping you'll play a variety of styles. Something like that. I'd love to hear you play in a more appropriate setting. I mentioned it to him. He's got a lot on his mind. Next time I talk to the Minister I'll bring it up again, but I can't promise anything. [Ops] That little toad is this far from doing a three sixty out an airlock. Sensors are detecting four lifeforms on board. No response. Does anyone understand what she's saying? Keeping them talking shouldn't be much of a problem. All right. We're going to take a little ride in the turbolift. We're here. You can come out now. There's no need to be afraid. Come on, it's all right. It's okay. Come on. (The boys start straying to explore) Let me try. Come with me. [Dress shop] Intaowa? (Tumak picks up an item and walks away with it) Do you like it? All right, let's put those back, both of you. They really need to put those back. We can go shopping later, but right now it's very important that we go to the Infirmary, so everyone follow me. We'll all go together. I'm sorry. I'm not the doctor. He's going to be all right. [Guest quarters] This will be your quarters while you're here on the station. I'm sure you want to rest and clean up and you don't understand anything I'm saying, do you. See? (takes a bite) It's really very good. (Haneek tries one then nods to the others who eat hungrily) I'm glad you like them. I'm sorry I don't understand. Save them?! How? Do you understand what I'm saying? Keep talking. You're people are the Skrreea. You need our help. There's no time to waste. The Eye? Three hundred? Three thousand? Is there anything wrong? I'm afraid most of your people will have to stay confined to their ships. Did I wake you? I can come back. Are those your husbands? Do you sleep with them both? No, I don't have any males. Not at the moment, anyway. Yes, I can imagine they are. I just wanted to tell you we found some of your ships. Several hundred Skrreeans should be arriving at the station today. We thought it would be a good idea if you were there to meet them. You yourself said most of your leaders were dead. You also were the first one through the Eye of the Universe. That's got to mean something, in some symbolic sort of way. Oh, here. (hands a package to Haneek) I brought you something. Go ahead, open it. (It's the dress from the shop) You seemed to like it. What do you mean? Well, that makes two of us. It's horrible. Who would wear that? [Promenade - upper level] That looked serious. Is everything all right? Why? It's going to be okay. Commander Sisko is doing everything he can to find you a place to live. You're not alone. Oh, not at all. Haneek, this is Varani, a great musician. Maybe the greatest Bajor has ever known. Draylon Two? Never heard of it. We think we've found a planet for you and your people, one with excellent potential for resettlement. You did? I'm sorry, Varani. I'm on my way to a meeting. That's right. Aren't you being a little premature? These are people who've lost everything, Varani. I can't. I'm sorry, Haneek, but they're right. I wish they weren't. I wish Bajor was Kentanna, but it's not. Haneek. I wasn't pretending. I know it's hard for you to see right now, but I am trying to help. You've got to believe me, Commander Sisko has found you a wonderful home. No, I didn't. I honestly believe the provisional government made the right decision, for both Bajor and the Skrreeans. I was hoping we could still be friends. Go ahead, Commander. Yes. How did this happen? Yes, sir. Ready. Open a channel. This is Major Kira Nerys on Deep Space Nine. The Skrreean vessel has refused to acknowledge our hails. Communications may be down. You have to let them land. The pilot's just a boy. He took the ship without permission It's barely operational. We're not sure he'll make it back here. Who gave you those orders? Stand by, interceptor. General Hazar will be countermanding those orders any minute. Interceptor One, what's going on? Disengage, interceptor! Repeat, disengage! Interceptor One. I just stopped by to wish you luck on Draylon Two. Haneek, I still believe this is the best choice, for Bajor and for you. Yes.
Commander, I just received word that a Valerian transport has requested permission to dock here at the station. The Valerians ran weapons-grade dolamide to Cardassian forces during the occupation of Bajor. I believe they're continuing to ship weapons to the Cardassians. Weapons that could eventually be used to attack Bajor. The proof is on that ship. Let me conduct a search and if I find any dolamide, we can confiscate it. And for weapons. So we're going to do nothing. Well, what can we do? You think that'll work? All right. We'll try it your way. Yes, sir. [Ops] Let me know if you find anything else. On screen. (WHOOSH) Kira to Sisko. You'd better come out here. They weren't due back for another month. The Klingon said victory just before he died. I wonder what he meant. Damn it, not yet. Negative, Sherval Das. There's going to be a slight delay. Oh, I'm sure it has, but we have our own problems. You'll just have to wait. I wasn't finished running a background check on their ship. They just visited Fahleena Three and Mariah Four, the same two stops they used to make when they were running dolamide to the Cardassians. The last stop would be the purification plant on Ultima Thule. Now if I can place them there, we'll know they're running weapons-grade material. I've got them! The Valerians. Their ship was at the Ultima Thule station one week ago. That confirms it. They're definitely running dolamide. So I've got an armed team ready to board their vessel. We confiscate the material and send them back where they came from. Frankly, I'm half-tempted to take them to Bajor and press charges. You're not going to do anything about this. That ship is acting against Bajoran interests. This station is Bajoran property. No, sir. Constable. You always manage to help me, Odo. In fact, I think we work pretty well together, you and I. Exactly. And that's just what I need right now. Your cooperation. I'm convinced the Valerians have dolamide on board, but the evidence is still circumstantial. I need solid proof. I want you to slip past their security systems and into their cargo bay. Yes. That won't be necessary. Commander Sisko's very busy. There's no sense in disturbing him. (Odo gives her a long Look) I can't fool you, Odo. Forget it. Bad idea. What if you had to choose sides? Just remember who your friends are. Personal log, Miles O'Brien. Stardate 46923.1. We've managed to retrieve a portion of the Klingon Officer's journal. Of course, Major Kira heard about it immediately. She must have spies everywhere. [Ops] The Klingon's mission must have failed. That failure caused problems on board. The bad flattery's on the house. Get lost. How are you, Lieutenant? I understand. But what I really meant was, are you happy? Oh, but it should be. In my opinion, you are the most valuable officer on this station. May I? Not bad. For Quark. I couldn't imagine running this station without you. My disagreement with Sisko over the Valerians is no secret. Well, you know how he gets once he's made a decision. You told me this story this morning. If you were to talk to Starfleet Command, tell them how displeased the Bajorans are with Sisko's handling of this. I know they'll listen to you Dax. We have to keep the Valerians here until we can search their ship and confiscate the dolamide. You've got to convince Starfleet it's for the good of Bajor and the Federation. Jadzia, listen to me. I'm getting rid of Sisko one way or another. Don't force me to get rid of you as well. (There's a clatter of glasses and Kira hauls Quark over the bar by the collar) Would you like to join us? What did you hear? Good. [Security office] (Quark enters wearing a neck brace) It's not nice to keep a friend waiting. When have I ever had to stand on ceremony with you, Odo? I need your help. I took care of the Valerians. I locked down their docking clamps. That ship isn't leaving until I say it is. O'Brien will need at least a day to do anything about it. By then, it won't matter. And O'Brien. Either we get a more reasonable commander from Starfleet, someone we can control, or we go it alone. With me running this place, you will be able to do what needs to be done. If you want to toss Quark out on his ears, toss him out. If you want to proclaim martial law on the Promenade, proclaim it. This station will be yours to protect with no interference. Oh, Odo, I trust you more than anyone on this station because you can't be corrupted. But this is a dangerous time. I can't take any chances, even with you. When the time comes, you'll know it. I'll be counting on you. (Kira leaves) Put it down. Sir. Take them. (Sisko and O'Brien beam out) Dax, you were supposed to deactivate the transporter. What could they be doing in there? Sisko would rather die, which is fine with me. They must have taken off their comm. badges. That's all right. They won't get far. Whoever it is knows how to override the security codes. Kira to Odo. [Infirmary] Whose side are you on, Constable? Really? Then why are you helping Sisko escape? Oh, my apologies. We'll see you there. [Infirmary] Kira out. Relax, Commander. He'll be here any minute. For you. But you won't be here to see it. (Before she can fire, Odo and Bashir enter) Glad you two could make it. Did you really build that? Why? I know that none of us were really responsible for our actions, but I feel like I owe you an apology. Well, yes.
Chief, we are perfectly capable of running this place by ourselves for a week. Would you please go on vacation and get out of our hair? Finally. Commander, you have a subspace transmission from Cardassia Prime. Commander, Chief O'Brien's attitude toward the Cardassians is hardly a secret. What if he actually has done something? All of them. There isn't a photon warhead left in here. But it would require a transporter expert. Neither do I, but there is more. According to the logs, O'Brien was in here just minutes before his runabout left. As soon as the door opened, some kind of field saturation device was activated that froze all the security scanners in the room. Give them to the Maquis. We had an advisory two weeks ago that a Maquis ship disabled a Bolian freighter near the Demilitarised zone and stole a supply of photon launchers. Launchers, but no warheads. The other guy? I've got our Maquis. I narrowed the suspects down to twelve people who live in the Demilitarised zone and were on the station that day. (Yup, that's him on the PADD) Raymond Boone, human, lives on Volan Three. Three merchants on the Promenade saw him talking to O'Brien just before he left. Recording? People saw you talking to O'Brien just before he left. He has a wife and a five year old daughter.
How do you feel? Good. I'm not going anywhere. Damar and Garak can lead the rebellion without me. I'm not leaving until I know that you Why? Isn't that my choice? You'd be surprised how well I can hide my feelings when I need to. All right. I don't care how you look. (She kisses him.) I've got so much to say. I don't know where to begin. I love you, Odo. Garak and I should be getting underway. Thank you, sir. Julian.
The archaeologists excavating B'hala have found something they want the Emissary to see. Will the Romulans leave Benzar? You love to bring up the worst-case scenario in these meetings, don't you? If they only knew the real you. Something wrong, Jake? You say that like you think it's a bad thing. They may have found some very important religious artefacts in these old ruins. Hey, try to look like you're enjoying yourself. Your father needs this. It's good for him not to have to think about the Dominion for a few hours. (Further on, squeaking.) Don't worry, they rarely bite. It says, Welcome, Emissary. The circle is complete. Much will depend on the Sisko. He is the Sisko. He will not waver. He will bring the reckoning. The Sisko will know. [Chamber] (The vision ends and Sisko goes flying back against the wall. He's out cold for the opening titles.) What did they say? You don't have to do this, you know. Sit here, watch me eat. Not today. I just wish that we knew more about the reckoning. It'd give us a better idea of what the Prophets want from us. It doesn't work like that. The Kai would say that you lack faith. I just don't know how people make it through the day without it. Such as? I'll try not to disappoint you. [Captain's office] Captain, I have a message for you from General Martok. He's dispatched three Klingon attack cruisers to bolster the defence perimeter around the Dorala System. The Klingons will hold out. Martok will see to it. Long day? You'll feel better in the morning. Once the Kai is off the station. Well, if it's any comfort, I don't think she likes you either. She would've tried to stop you. In a way, I feel sorry for her. She spends her whole life in service to the Prophets. Then one day, after years of self-sacrifice and commitment, she's gets her reward. She's elected Kai. It should have been the greatest moment of her life. The Kai has always been the spiritual leader of Bajor, but Winn has to share that role with you. And to make matters worse, you're an outsider, a non-Bajoran. That's something she can never forgive you for. She's jealous of you and of your relationship with the Prophets. I'm a little envious myself. You speak with the Prophets. They listen to you. That's a rare gift. I guess that's why I don't resent you, but the Kai does. Is something wrong, Eminence? You seem troubled. You didn't leave him much choice, did you. The next time? You're anticipating more disagreements? Of course. After all, you are on the same side, aren't you? You are the Sisko. This vessel is willing. The reckoning. It is time. The end. Or the beginning. I await Kosst Amojan. The battle will be joined. Bajor will be reborn. The Sisko has completed his task. I await their vessel. Kosst Amojan has chosen its vessel. (On the upper level, a young man leans over the rail, electricity sparking from his fingers. His voice is deep and croaky and his eyes glow red.) No! [Ops] To tell you the truth, I didn't pay that much attention. I'm still trying to make sense of everything that happened. Of all the people on this station, the Prophets chose me. I'm not sure I know why I deserve that honour. I heard that you told the Captain that I was willing to give my life to serve the Prophets. I appreciate that you respect my beliefs. I have to go. I'll drop by Security after I take the Kai to her shuttle. [Corridor] He's with his son. For what? Don't pretend you did it for the Captain. And you're going to take the credit for that? You defied the will of the Prophets, and you did it because you couldn't stand the fact that a human, an infidel, had a stronger faith than you. The Emissary was willing to sacrifice his own son to serve the Prophets. I think you're confusing faith with ambition. Because of your interference, the reckoning was stopped. The Evil still exists, And I'm not sure if even the Prophets know what that will mean for Bajor. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
And I'll have a (Drilling starts up. They have to shout over it.)
You're to begin an immediate evacuation. Either you remove those weapons, or we will. I'm glad we're in agreement. What are we going to do about it? Well that's a start. What happens next? You still haven't answered my question. When? Are we talking about days, weeks, months? Now you sound like a politician, Admiral. We're just not as important to the war effort as the Romulans. The truth often is. Well, luckily, mine aren't. Our scans show that the weapons aren't fully operational yet. They're still missing launch sequencers. I'm going to make sure that those sequencers never reach Derna. I'm going to set up a blockade. Twelve impulse ships. That's all the Council of Ministers could spare right now. You sound like Admiral Ross. What's that supposed to mean? That's right. You don't have to do that. Well, I wouldn't start writing our epitaphs just yet. Don't worry, I've no intention of getting into a firefight with a squadron of Romulan warbirds. If the Romulans fire on us, they jeopardise their Alliance with the Federation, and I'm hoping that's a risk they don't want to take. Ship's log, stardate 52152.6. We've set up a blockade around Derna. So far, no Romulan ships have tried to challenge us. [Bajoran ship bridge] Kiss Me Deadly. Interesting title. I'm sure I will, but is this really the right time to start reading a book? Such as? Oh, I like him already. Put him through. Since when did the Romulans start using warbirds to deliver medical supplies? Well, if they try to get through the blockade, they're not going to make it at all. I wouldn't call those Romulan ships a peace offering. You can talk about compromise all you want. Any ship attempting to break through that blockade will be fired on. We'll find out soon enough, won't we? End transmission. How'd I do? Ship's log, supplemental. Senator Cretak said that the Romulan warbirds would be here in eight hours. She was wrong. They're two hours early. [Bajoran ship bridge] Open a channel. This is Colonel Kira of the Bajoran Militia. Any ship travelling within transporter range of Derna will be considered hostile and fired upon. Kira to all Bajoran ships. Prepare to engage. Put him through. You know I can't do that, Admiral. My government has made its position quite clear. There are to be no negotiations as long as there are Romulan weapons on Derna. Your concern is touching, Senator. But I'm not dead yet. End transmission. Auxiliary power to forward shields. Kira to all ships. Hold your positions. On screen. Open a channel to all Bajoran ships. Hold your position and prepare to fire on my command. Lock targets. Still glad you came along? Put him through. What changed her mind? And what changed your mind? Thank you for bringing the Prophets back to us.
The boy was probably one of the orphans left behind after the Cardassians pulled out. We had no choice but to take care of them. You have an incoming subspace transmission from Cardassia, Commander. It's Gul Dukat.
Excuse me, Commander. There's a Vedek Yarka here to see you. He says it's urgent. Ancient texts? You mean a prophecy? I'm afraid I don't know it. The Qui'al dam was just put back into operation to divert water to the city. Even if we accept that the Cardassians are the vipers, there are only two of them coming, not three. Isn't it possible that there are other mistakes in your interpretation of the prophecy as well? It'll facilitate exploration, help us monitor Dominion activity, give us warning in case of an attack. And on behalf of the Bajoran Provisional Government, I'd like to welcome you. It's our belief that this project will mark the beginning of a new era of peace for Bajor and Cardassia. Me? I'll work with anyone who's interested in peace. There are going to be three of them. Three vipers, just like in the prophecy. [Security office] Morn? I didn't think anything could make him sick. He should ask for a refund. What can I do for you, Vedek? I haven't tried and I'm not planning to. I'm not convinced that's going to happen. Yes. Vedek, you have to understand my position here. Commander Sisko is my superior officer. I have to deal with him on that basis first. Yes, and for three years now I have. Vedek, if you're asking me to We've loaded the communications relay into the Defiant's cargo bay. They've run into some kind of problem, but the Chief says the transceiver should be online in about four hours. The Sword of Stars. It's just a figure of speech. It certainly looked like that to me. You're right. It won't happen again. Yes, I do. Look at what's happened already. The river has returned to Janir, the three vipers, now the Sword of Stars. Each of them predicted by Trakor's prophecy. And then there's you, the Emissary. You're here. You have a decision to make just like in the prophecy. I guess I always have. I never wanted to admit it to myself. It's hard to work for someone who's a religious icon. All right, how about this? The Prophets, the aliens who live in the wormhole as you call them, exist outside of linear time. They know the past, present, and the future. It seems perfectly reasonable that they could've communicated knowledge of the future to a Bajoran named Trakor. He wrote down that knowledge in the form of a prophecy and now, three thousand years later, we are seeing those events unfold. To me, that reasoning sounds concrete, solid, I'd even call it Starfleet. The wormhole's gravity well has increased by a factor of three. Gravimetric fields have returned to normal. Commander, the three fragments are still on course for the wormhole. Twenty six minutes. If it was sabotage, a DNA scan on the coupling will probably reveal who was responsible. Commander, I want to go with you. Not just because I'm your first officer, but because I believe I'm here to help the Emissary. They're heading for the wormhole. Field engaged. The subspace field is losing integrity. Some of the silithium is starting to leak through/ That helped. We're still losing silithium. [Bridge] The prophecy came true. All of it. We just misinterpreted Trakor's words. The three vipers. He wasn't talking about the Cardassians. He meant the three comet fragments. The silithium ignited the wormhole, burning the temple gates. And it's all because the Emissary used the Sword of Stars.
Good morning. So. Ahh. How many have we got? The station's criminal element has been busy this week. Ijarna's wife hit him again? Why does he stay with her? Public lewdness. That answers my question. What about item seven? He's always riled up about something, isn't he? What is it this time? He's been handing out leaflets saying Shakaar should drop the petition to join the Federation. Just make sure he scrubs that wall clean before Shakaar gets here. I don't want him to see it. You could hear that? Maybe you should change quarters. It's just Quark's luck that you would be assigned quarters right above his. I hope Shakaar's gotten better at speaking in front of groups. He used to mumble his way through mission briefings. Everyone in our resistance cell had to learn to lip read. Good to see you again, Edon. What? Good luck. So do I. Shakaar knows better than anyone you can't capitulate to terrorists. He used to be one, and the day the Cardassians started to negotiate with him was the day he knew they'd been beaten. He'll stay. Is it always like this? I guess not. Yes, it is. Oh, the best on the station. Why? You'd better be good. Do you have to stare like that? I think it's making people nervous. I've been meaning to ask you. Why don't you wear that belt anymore? I just thought it looked good on you, that's all. Really. Much. I guess I'll turn in. Good night. You were so busy, I didn't want to bother you. That bad? Then I suppose now wouldn't be a good time for me to give you my opinion on how Bajor should be dealing with the Klingons. I was joking. Okay. I'm sorry I'm late. I didn't realise what time it was. So what do we have? So far it's all fairly routine. Something wrong? Oh, I had one this morning with Shakaar. No, it was in his quarters. He asked me to look over a proposal he's going to make to the Federation delegates. And I would love to hear it, but I'm a little pressed for time right now. I promised Shakaar I'd give him a tour of the station. Thank you. See you later. [Upper pylon] (Our viewpoint is Odo.) The upper pylons have the best view of the wormhole. Why don't we stay a few minutes. May a ship will go through. You can see it open. Well, you're the First Minister, you should be able to order a whole fleet through. That's been going around the station for a while now. (WHOOSH) Look. Did you make a wish? We should get going. There's a lot more to see. Well, there are some pretty nice places to eat on the Promenade. There's a new Bolian restaurant that's pretty good. This isn't going to sound very appetizing, but the meat they use is sort of aged. You don't want to know. I'd love to. We're falling! Kira to Worf. Someone cut our comm. links. Let's have dinner. Good morning. Sure. Come on in. [Kira's quarters] Lights. (An empty champagne bottle in a bucket. Two glasses. Candles. The sound of a breaking heart if Odo had one to break.) No, it's just. Edon and I. Odo, if someone had told me a year ago that this was going to happen, do you know what I would've said? You're crazy. Yes, I respect him. Yes, he makes me laugh. But we know each other too well. He's seen me go weeks without a bath. We've spent long, cold nights huddled together for warmth. There's no mystery left between us. We're friends, that's all. I guess I was wrong. This must seem so silly to you. You're such a good friend to me. I'm so glad you're the first person to know. Now, you wanted to ask me something about what happened in the turbolift. Oh, no, are you sure? All right. [Security office] (An alien has been arrested.) Yes. Come in. What brings you here? What is it? Go on. Just say it. Oh. Why not? Maybe we could have our meetings at another time? Maybe not, but I kind of enjoyed doing it. I thought you did too. Odo, is something wrong? I understand. Hey. No belt? See you. [Quark's] What? No. I don't believe it. Okay, from the beginning. Tell me the whole thing.
Definitely Cardassian. That doesn't make sense. Why would Cardassians fire on other Cardassians? Then why didn't you? We have a Cardassian warship approaching fast. They're taking up an attack posture. Shields up.
Kira to Captain Sisko. We just received a priority one communication from Starfleet Command. The Dominion has invaded Betazed. [Ops] With Betazed in the hands of the Jem'Hadar, the Dominion is in a position to threaten Vulcan, Andor, Tellar, Alpha Centauri. Ops to Captain Sisko. We've just received the coded subspace signal you were waiting for. Should I reply?
We have an incoming Bolian vessel at coordinates one zero one mark three eight. Give the Bok'Nor a clear trajectory out of the traffic pattern. Feel like getting together for dinner tonight? The Gallamite? You're going out on a date with him? No. Not at all. I know. I've seen it. No, it's not. It's not exactly the view I want to have with dinner. What's that supposed to mean? Look, when I kiss a man goodnight, I like to know where I'm kissing him. Since I have just one lifetime, I have to be a little more particular about whom I go out with. I'm not the one who dates Ferengis. Nothing. Report! Ops to all engineering personnel. Report to rescue stations. We have an S I D in progress. Maybe it was a malfunction in the impulse generator. I can't believe the Cardassians have waited this long for an official explanation. Anything from the Cardassians, Commander? [Ops] Maybe it really was an accident. I mean, it is a possibility. Yes, Commander? Is he missing? Understood. Kira to Sisko. Jake's fine, Commander. He's with Nog watching the women coming off the Bajoran transport at docking bay one. Shall I have him brought to your quarters? Commander, is there anything you'd like me to communicate to the Provisional Government? I'll advise all of our outposts to stand down. Sir, are you, are we facing the prospect of war here? But that's what the colonists are after. Sir, I know this is none of my business I don't know what the Cardassians told you And you don't think you might be playing into their hands? Well, they don't have a right to defend themselves? If Starfleet is unwilling to defend their people in Well, I didn't. But I lived with them for twenty six years before the liberation came. Every Bajoran lived with them in constant fear. I know what those colonists are going through. Most of all, I know that the Cardassians can't be trusted to keep their side of the bargain in this treaty. I can tell you one thing for certain. The Cardassians are the enemy, not your own colonists, and if Starfleet can't understand that, then the Federation is even more naive than I already think it is. (Sisko opens the door for her to leave.) [Corridor] With two kidnappings and a ship exploding in the course of a week, I'm sure they've got a few things to say. And this station will be just the way it was during the occupation. Unless you happened to be a Bajoran. He's given us a description of the two who assaulted him. A Vulcan female and a human male in a Starfleet officer's uniform. I could send the warp signature out over subspace. Commander, we just received a general subspace transmission from somewhere in the Demilitarised zone. A group there is taking credit for the kidnapping of Dukat. They're calling themselves the Maquis. [Runabout] Acknowledged. Yes, sir. Their heading takes them into the Badlands. It's a stretch of the Cardassian border ships try to avoid. A lot of plasma storms in the area. Long range sensors are picking up the warp signature. It leads to an M-class asteroid. Scanning the surface. I've located the ship.
A Klingon afternoon? Are you still reading a plasma leak in lower pylon one? I can't seem to find it now. Uh huh? What? Too many. Why are we talking about this? It bothers me. Why, are you thinking about killing somebody? Tell me. Tell me. I'm sorry. But Jadzia, that was Curzon's godson. Curzon took a blood oath. You've found this Albino? Look, you've said yourself every new life for a Trill has to be a new life. If not, you'd wind up paying off old debts forever. These Klingons can't possibly expect you to keep this oath. Jadzia. Your questions about my experience with killing. If you're wondering what it's like. When you take someone's life, you lose a part of your own as well. [Quark's] (Kor is drunk, and carousing with a pair of dabo girls)
That's funny, I was just thinking they weren't green enough. No, thank you. This better be good, Quark. You're on an emergency channel. What's wrong? What happened? Chief. Nothing good. As far as they can tell, Commander Sisko and the others never materialised in San Francisco. According to their sensors, our transporter signal disintegrated immediately after we began the beam out sequence. That's good news, anyway. But the question is, where? But you corrected for that. Chroniton particles? But we've used the transporter many times since the cloaking device was installed. There's never been a problem before. Tell me that's a clue. Tell Admiral Ngomo I appreciate her offer, but I don't want anyone beaming onto this ship until we know what's going on. If they want to come up by shuttle, that's fine. Which means what? Redirected where? But not when they were supposed to. How much time are we talking about? Days? Weeks? We'll have to take our chances. Pick the most likely time periods and send a team down with tricorders to find them. The hard part will be to find a couple of volunteers crazy enough to risk getting lost in time to do the job. All right, Chief, let's get over to the transporter room before we change our minds. Get me Admiral Wright. What is it? Could be interference on the comm. channels. Try a wide band subspace signal. The spacedocks? The orbital habitats? Try a non-Federation frequency. That's impossible. Then why weren't we affected?
Commander, unidentified vessel coming through the wormhole. Yes, sir. Anything? Go ahead, Odo. We're reading a turbolift failure, Odo. We'll beam you out. Looks like the transporter's down too. But don't worry, Constable, we'll get it repaired right away. [Ops] Be patient, Odo. [Turbolift] We'll get you out of there as soon as we can. Great. Everything's in working order except nothing's working. Kira to Odo. I'm sorry, but you're going to have to stay put for a while longer. I wish I knew. [Turbolift] By the way, Cardassian turbolifts run exposed multi-phase alternating currents through their positioning mechanisms, so don't try to shape-shift your way out. I didn't hear that. Understood. Kira out. Non-biological? You're suggesting someone left a baby on our doorstep? It may be more like a stray puppy that's attached itself to you, Chief. Comm. lines have been down over ninety minutes. He's been in there almost four hours now. My god, I have no idea, but if he doesn't get back to his pail in time (And later still) We've got a plasma explosion in corridor H-12-A. Guest quarters. Toranium inlay. Cardassian design. I should have guessed. We're going to need a bipolar torch to get through it. We're going to need portable oxygen and get anything Bashir has in stock to treat plasma burns. Have a runabout ready to evacuate these people to Bajor if we need to. We'd better advise Starfleet Command. (A hatch cover tumbles off the wall and Bashir crawls out.)
Watch yourself, Chief. This changeling knows the station as well as we do. He could be anywhere or anything. Computer, elapsed time? Go right ahead. Performance reviews will be held starting at oh eight hundred hours tomorrow in the wardroom. Check your team leaders for the schedule. Dismissed. (Kira and Sisko walk off together.) How about some dinner? Oh, that's right. Captain Yates got in this morning. Give her my regards. You think we're changelings? No, thanks. Because Malko's not real. He's a puppet made out of holographic light and replicated matter. Are you afraid I hurt their feelings? And if I'm ever on Trill I'll visit them too. But we're not on Trill and this isn't the Hoobishan Baths. It's a holosuite and none of it is real. And? I'm sorry. I feel silly. I guess I don't have much of an imagination. Yeah. I used to make-believe that the Cardassians would stop killing the Bajorans and just go away. No. I'm sorry. I guess I never had much use for my imagination. I mean, look at me. You plan a fun evening for us and all I can do is sit here and worry about Klingons. All right. I'll give it a try. The Klingon ships keep cloaking and decloaking, so it's impossible to get an exact count, but so far we've been able to identify at least twenty different warships in the vicinity of the station. Kasidy's ship? I'm picking up another ship. It's got a tractor beam on the Xhosa. A Klingon ship. Search them for what? The Klingon High Council has no jurisdiction over ships in Bajoran space. Commander, Bajoran law strictly prohibits any unwarranted search and seizure of vessels in our territory. Shields up. Forward phasers standing by. Yes, sir. Phasers ready. Well, you saw how he was acting. He didn't leave me any choice. He kissed me. But I was playing a married woman. (pulling the wimple off) I don't usually dress like this. We were in the holosuite. What did you say to him? Can you plot their course? The Bajoran government has agreed to abide by the decisions of the Federation Council. The coup could have happened just as easily without the Founders. The Cardassian dissident movement has been gathering strength for years. With the Obsidian Order out of the way, they might have finally succeeded. Their next target could be anyone. Even the Federation. Based on Klingon transmissions we've intercepted, the outlying Cardassian colonies were overrun almost immediately. But, now that the Cardassian fleet has mobilised, the Klingons are meeting stronger resistance. Hopefully it'll make the Klingons think twice about what they're doing. You're saying he cut off diplomatic relations? Captain, we just got word from Bajoran Intelligence. The Klingons have broken through the Cardassian fleet. Fifty two hours. I'll tell him. But knowing the chief, he's probably doing it already. I was planning to. I wish I was going with you. There's something to be said for incentive. You're saying you're not sure? Or? Oh. Well, let's hope we don't have to find out. [Bridge] Any luck? They made it. On screen. Raise shields. Red alert. [Quark's] (Alarms sound and the customers start to leave.) I'm detecting several dozen Klingon ships, including the Negh'Var. They're in an attack formation. They're still closing. Eight Klingon ships destroyed. Several heavily damaged. I'll be okay. It's not as bad as it looks. Who'd have thought I'd help save the Cardassian government? Looks like the Klingons are here to stay.
It's confirmed. USS Honshu was destroyed this morning at ten thirty hours by an attack wing of Cardassian destroyers. Starfleet has picked up the distress beacons from three escape pods and one shuttlecraft, so there are survivors. With all the Dominion activity along the border, it's all Starfleet can spare at the moment. And the Defiant has another appointment. In fifty two hours you need to be at this rendezvous point outside the Badlands. You are the escort for a Federation troop convoy. And twelve more to reach the Badlands, I know. But this convoy is completely unprotected. They've been using the plasma fields in the Badlands to hide their movements, and when they emerge they're helpless without the Defiant. I raised the same objection myself and the orders still stand. Now, every minute spent arguing here is one less minute spent searching for the captain. Worf, there are over thirty thousand Federation troops in that convoy. You have fifty two hours, not one second longer. Understood? I'll tell you what I think. You're an evil, sadistic man who should've been tried as a war criminal years ago, put up against a wall and shot. Of course he agrees with me. And it was millions. He's just doesn't want to anger you. He really thinks you're a vicious, cold blooded killer, Dukat, and so do I. You are such a fool. He's patronising you. You were a soldier and you had to carry out your orders. He doesn't believe that lame excuse any more than I do. I'm going to enjoy watching this. He's going to beat you, Dukat. He's going to escape and go back to DS Nine and his friends and we're all going to have a good, long laugh at your expense. The troop convoy will be completely unprotected when they emerge from the plasma fields. They're under strict radio silence. No way they can acknowledge our signal even if. Sorry, Worf, but you're going to have to (Transmission drops out.) We didn't want a reconciliation. We wanted to destroy you. We never wanted peace. We hated you. We hated all of you. Being reasonable only made us bolder.
We were just looking at an unusual energy reading. We were hoping you could tell us. [Molly's bedroom] (A bedtime story is in progress) All senior officers report to Ops immediately. A hologram with an appetite? Yellow alert? Against our own imaginations? What does that mean? What happened to the rupture after that? it's not still there? Wait a minute. If it didn't work very well last time, why And if we can't, we destroy the whole Bajoran system. Kira to Odo. I need you to do a security sweep through the pylons. We're going to evacuate them. [Promenade] (Odo and security are herding the emu/jackdaws) Kira to Ops. Lower pylon one is gone. I need emergency (A burning man comes running round the corner, screaming, and into the turbolift, where he vanishes.) Disregard, Commander. False alarm. Kira out. (She does a quick tricorder scan then hits a wall intercom button) All personnel in lower pylon one, report to outer ring airlock. Prepare for evacuation. [Promenade] (We're still herding flightless birds) All pylons are secured. Everyone's been moved to the habitat ring for the time being. Perimeter sensors are picking up a subspace oscillation. What the hell does that mean? Comm. circuits are down. I'll trying to reroute pathways. Life support is normal. There we go. The rupture is continuing to widen. Three hundred and forty times larger than before. Perimeter sensors are picking up subspace oscillations again. Yes, sir. Perimeter readings still show None at all. (Buck, Rumpelstiltskin vanish) It's gone. None of this makes any sense. I mean, why did they appear in the first place?
It's me, Chief. Chief, I know this is going to be hard for you to accept, but you haven't been in prison. What you experienced was an artificial reality, an interactive programme that created memories of things that never actually happened. Which means that what you think you experienced in prison, the things you remember, didn't happen. It wasn't real. Being in your cell was a dream. This is the reality. Come on. Let's get you home. [Airlock] He's all yours.
We've lost the number three starboard shield. I have phaser lock. We damaged them, but not much. Aye, sir. Oh my God. A bird of prey just decloaked off the port quarter.
I try not to think about that. If I did, I'm not sure that I could come back here. It's a lot to get used to. Oh, no, please come. It'll take the pressure off me. All he does is sit there and counts how many times I chew.
Redirected where? I feel ridiculous. That's fine with me. Energise. [San Francisco - 1930s] Kira to Sisko. Kira to Dax. Kira to Bashir. (There's a car parked nearby) No one's responding to my hails. How long before the transporter re-engages? I broke my nose. (The couple leave, laughing.) Kira to Sisko. Kira to Dax. Kira to Bashir. What? What? Thank you (She gives one to O'Brien and they all make the V peace sign.) Afraid not. If we limit our search to dates before twenty forty eight, how many possibilities does that leave us with? Well, pick one, Chief. Let's hope you get lucky. That's good enough for me. Energise. [San Francisco street] Kira to Sisko. Kira to Kira to Dax. [Chris's office] Dax, do you hear me? Dax, am I glad to hear your voice. Are Sisko and Bashir with you? The transporter's [San Francisco Street] Set to automatically retrieve us in about a minute. You'd better deactivate your comm. badge. Should be interesting. [Processing Centre]
No, thank you. Profitable for the Ferengi, maybe. Me? Not at all. No. The Ferengi's reputation speaks for itself. Which is why, if you're smart, you don't do business with the Ferengi. In other words, Zek, Grand Nagus or no Grand Nagus, if we allow you to hold these negotiations here, and we find out you're cheating the Dosi, I'll see to it that you never set foot on this station again. Not that I recall. Of course we could. With that much brizeen, we could fertilise the entire northern peninsula. It's Zek who should be nervous, with Quark here as his chief negotiator. (Kira's bottom is pinched) If you ever do that again. If you ever do that again, I'll stick those fifty thousand kilos of brizeen right up your What is it? (It's a golden earring) It's latinum. Excuse me. I really can't accept this. (Maihar'du is already leaving) Did Zek really think this was going to get him anywhere? You sound like you admire them for it. I don't understand your attitude about the Ferengi. Did anyone ever tell you that you have very strange taste? They're greedy, misogynistic, untrustworthy little trolls and I wouldn't turn my back on one of them for a second. Excuse me. Yes, it did. Actually, I just stopped by to return this. No, it's lovely. I just can't accept it. That's right. Dax must be crazy.
The Bajoran government insists that Deep Space Nine not interfere with the lawful transactions of Hagath or his associates. Hagath supplied arms to the Resistance. Without him, or people like him, we'd all be dead. The Cardassians would still be in power. We owe him. Something to look forward to. [Hagath's quarters] Deny it all you want. You're responsible. Enough to buy a new conscience?
Consider it payback, Quark, for  rescuing me from the Dominion. Just be careful you don't turn your back on him, Quark. He's not to be trusted.
(who's had a hair cut) Commander? We've got a small craft taking evasive action. Cardassian war vessel in pursuit. That's Bajoran. That damned Cardassian's firing at a Bajoran scout ship in Bajoran space! His name is Tahna Los. We fought together in the underground. Now they want to talk. You're not seriously considering handing Tahna over to the Cardassians? [Turbolift] If I had been, I would not be working with the provisional government now. Look, I know Tahna. Yes, but My priorities are straight, Commander. Let's not be confused here. my loyalties are to Bajor, and Bajor needs men like Tahna Los. If Bajor is ever to rebuild a strong and independent society, it will require the repatriation of splinter groups like the Kohn-Ma. You have, we have, an opportunity here, Commander. I hope you don't miss it. [Infirmary] Tahna is on his side on a biobed) How is he? It's a Cardassian technique designed to keep you alive. Commander Sisko hasn't decided whether to grant you asylum yet, Tahna. I'm the liaison officer to the Federation here. Still fighting for Bajor in my own way. I'll stop by later. (Kira leaves) Admiral, I think Commander Sisko's being incredibly short-sighted. He obviously doesn't understand the issues involved. Thank you, Admiral. [Ops] It's all right. You're safe. It's good to be with someone who knows what it's been like out there. Never. Ask Sisko about that. Oil and water. You're tired. I should go. Over my dead body. How long since you've slept in a comfortable bed? I'm glad you're here. We need you, Tahna. I mean Bajor needs you. If you had the impression that I'm a Federation officer in any way, I promise you I I am, but Somebody has to coordinate relations between the Federation and the Provisional Government, At least with someone like me here I know Things have changed, Tahna. With the discovery of the wormhole Look, I don't want the Federation here any more than you do but they are serving a purpose. For the time being, at least. Without the Federation, the Cardassians would be back in a minute to take control of the wormhole. And the wormhole is the future of Bajor, Tahna. It's bringing ships and commerce. It's making us a power in the quadrant. We have it back. And as we grow stronger, we'll be able to defend it ourselves without having to lean on the Federation or anyone else. I know it's difficult to see. After all we've been through, we want it all now. But with people like you leading the way Tahna, I've put myself on the line for you here. You are finished with the Kohn-Ma? I've been talking with several of the ministers of the Provisional Government about amnesty. For you and any member of the Kohn-Ma who follows you. I'm working on it, Tahna. I'll find a way to make it happen. [Promenade] (by the airlock, two Klingon women are being held at gunpoint. One deputy is on the floor.) I've managed to arrange a hearing of the Ministers' Court. I have two of the ministers, the smart ones, ready to vote for amnesty. I'm sure one of the others will fall in line. And Tahna says two more of the Kohn-Ma are willing to follow him if you'll guarantee their safety. I have to say this, Commander. When we first talked I wasn't sure you. This wouldn't have been possible without your support. I want you to know it's appreciated. Sir. I have the third minister's vote. The hearing is simply a formality now. You are going to receive amnesty, Tahna. Me? A politician? No, I don't think so. I'm just determined. I think they all simply get tired of hearing my voice. What are you talking about? You knew I was here before you even came. Tahna, I trusted you. I'm still fighting for it. That's not fair. I don't want the Federation here, but for now If you expect me to help you commit some act of violence against the Federation You've already lied to me, Tahna. I know how the game works. Just what is this peaceful plan? How? How do you know I won't just go straight to Sisko? Commander. Of course. I'll arrange it. Sir? Absolutely. (Bashir enters) Busy? Are all the security measures in place for the trip to the Ministers' Court? Fine. What's that? Maybe that's why I've learned to respect your opinion, Constable. Never any pretence. How much do you know about me, Odo? I've done some things I'm not proud of. I still have nightmares about the raids on the Haru outposts, but at least I was sure of what I was doing then. You have no more love for the Federation than I do. Maybe there are still wars to be fought and I'm just making a fool of myself doing what I'm doing here. Either way, I have to betray someone. How could I possibly turn against my own people? They're no different than I used to be. I could just refuse to help them. Ignore the whole thing. Then they'd find a way to do whatever they want to do anyway and I'd still feel responsible for the consequences. It was so much easier when I knew who the enemy was. Chief O'Brien is right. We have to give them a runabout. And I have to be on it. Commander, Tahna doesn't know if he can trust me as it is. If I try to stay behind, he won't buy into this. The only way to convince him is if I'm on board. If Tahna fails, I promise you others will try. At least this way you can find out what they're up to. Bajor Eight in one hundred twenty thousand kilometres. Dropping to impulse. What is that? We've got a Klingon Bird of Prey decloaking dead ahead. Klingons? Why? What is it? It's another runabout. We also have got a Cardassian warship three minutes away. The Klingons must have sold us out. There's nowhere to run, Tahna. No. You would kill thousands of your own people for this? One hundred thousand kilometres to DS Nine. This is your idea of a non-violent solution? You realise there are hundreds of Bajoran civilians aboard the station. The wormhole? It's not the space station you're after. You can't possibly believe you can destroy the wormhole with that device? You're only hurting Bajor by doing this, Tahna. There'll be no further resistance, Commander. [Airlock] (Kira brings in Tahna, and Odo arrests him) Tahna, the old ways don't work anymore. Everything is different now. I had to do this. One day you'll understand.
Y'Pora, the baby, he's moving. All right. It's all right, I'll get back on track. I'm glad you're here. [Replimat] (Odo is talking to orange goo in a mug.) I don't know. It's like a cramp or something. What? Weeks? If I don't have this baby soon, I'm going to go out of my mind. No, no, I want to have this baby the traditional Bajoran way. Can you stay? Edon. I'm all right. My feet are a little swollen. Well, maybe. I think it's time. It's time. It's time! (The men take an arm each and pull her to and fro. Kira shakes them off and carefully gets off the bed on her own.) [Science lab] I'm trying to have a baby. I am sick of this ridiculous little competition between the two of you. Now, if one of you says one more word, you're going to have to leave. Right, that's it. Out, both of you. Go. I feel so good. Keiko, would you do me a favour? [Corridor] Maybe in a few weeks. Right now I feel like staying around here. He is, isn't he? You'd better go. Shakaar and I stopped by. I didn't feel much like celebrating. I got into this because the O'Briens' needed my help. I never wanted a baby. But now? I just wish I could hold him in my arms and never let him go. Want to take a walk?
To Cardassia Four to rescue a Bajoran prisoner of war. (The prisoners are rescued.) Come on. We have a ship waiting. How can you betray your own government? What? The Circle hates the Cardassians. Then we have no choice. We'll have to take the proof to the Chamber of Ministers. You think there's still a ship there? Can one of the evacuation vessels take a detour and drop me off? Then I'll just have to wait to hear from you, I guess. Tobin? I don't think I've heard about this one. Acknowledged. Good luck, Commander. Kira out. Can you believe a year ago I was living in a camp like this, only not quite so nice. Really? Palukoo. The Bajoran moons are full of them. No, we used to eat them. There it is. I've been in a lot worse. [Raider cockpit] No, just short engineers. They were always building these things without thinking. Bend your knees, you'll fit. (She persuades the cockpit cover to finally close again.) The real trick will be to fire up these thrusters after all this time. It was hard enough to get them running when they were being used every day. You're sure, huh? You got it! (There's smoke in the engine compartment.) Let's go! Dax, come on. (But the panel won't close) Problem? The knees. Listen to that sound. That sure brings back some memories. We were the insects, Lieutenant. The Cardassians were just as allergic as Trills. Is the proximity system working? All right. Let's see if we can get out of here without bouncing off any walls. [Commander's office] Preparing to establish a high altitude orbit of Bajor. No problem. we'll have to fly by the seat of our pants. You Starfleet types are too dependant on gadgets and gizmos. You lose your natural instincts for survival. I know the terrain of Bajor. We ought to be able to recognise a landing site by (Bang! Rattle) What the hell was that? Someone's firing at us. Initiating evasive manoeuvres. Let's see what we're dealing with. (She flies under the bellies of two assault craft) Welcoming committee from Jaro. You're right. We'll have to even the match. New playing field. I'm taking us down into the atmosphere. They won't be able to use their impulse engines down there. If they want a fight, they'll have to fight on our terms. [Security office] (O'Brien gets a component from a fritzing wall panel, then he and Li get shot at.) All right. They've gone to thrusters. That evens things up a little. There is one problem. The guys flying those ships? Used to be the guys flying these ships. Test the phaser banks. Good. Sure there is. With your eyes, Lieutenant, not your pants. Just point at them and fire. Hang on. (Kira does a look to come up behind one of their chasers, and Dax eventually hits it. The ship crashes into a hillside.) Where the hell's the other one? (Bang) I think we found him. They must have hit a plasma conduit. Check under the seat. That's it. Plasma tank ejected. Can you see any openings where we could put down? Er, anything a little closer? How about right here. (Heads between knees as the treetops rush past) [Quark's] I'll slow you down. The only thing that's important now is to get the evidence to the provisional government. No, the evidence speaks for itself. You have to leave me. That's an order, Lieutenant. I can't walk. You are being a fool, Dax. How did I? The last thing I remember Dax? We've got to get to the Chamber of Ministers. The Cardassians How long have I been here? Six hours? We have to get out of here. The Chamber of Ministers (Dax enters, as a Vedek) Why are we? No. No, we have to go alone, Bareil. I can't be responsible for your safety. No. Think? It's flattering. I am Major Kira Nerys and I've come with proof that Cardassians are behind Minister Jaro's attempt to take control of the government. This is a manifest PADD from a Kressari vessel. It bears the thumbscan of a Cardassian Gul who transferred weapons to that ship. Those weapons were taken by the Kressari to the Circle. This coup will deliver Bajor back into the hands of its greatest enemies. Are you willing to live under Cardassian rule again? Somehow, you figured now that he was here, things would be better, you know. He'd find a way to make things better because he was a man who could do that. A great man. I wish I knew where we could find others like him. I'm sorry, I don't feel like celebrating tonight. Excuse me. (Kira leaves)
So far, so good. I'll say one thing for the Cardassians, they built this place to last. Is there any way of telling how long it'll last? Oh, lucky us. They're hailing us. I can't get a visual. I've lost it. There's too much interference. When this is over, Quark and I are going to have a little talk. (Dax is staring at Verad) Funny, I was about to ask you that question. Why Dax? There are thousands of symbionts on Trill. Why her? This isn't over, Dax. I promise you. How long can Dax survive without the symbiont? Do you have any suggestions? Really? Then maybe you'd like to tell me how four armed terrorists got by our docking ring security grid. Save it, Quark. You crossed the line this time. You sold us out and now Dax may die because of it. Whatever happens next, one thing is certain. You're through here. (Kira walks stiffly over to where Sisko is sitting) I'll live. Tell that to Jadzia. Do you really believe that? That's his reason. What's yours? And that's it? He got you out of a bad situation and now you're willing to kill for him? That's all right. If Odo's free, there's no way you're getting off this station.
Yeah, well, something tells me it's not a social visit. Confined to quarters? We'll get you out of this, Julian. Away team to the Defiant. We've got him. [Bridge] Let's go, Doctor. We went over Julian's quarters but we couldn't find any residual transporter signatures. So either they got him off the station some other way, or they have transporter technology that we can't detect. That sounds like a cover up to me. Maybe we should do some checking, try to track down this Sloan ourselves.
So what did Kor say when he met you? Isn't there a period of adjustment that joined Trills have to go through where people are comparing them to previous hosts? I'm sure it'll pass. Oh, yeah, people would love bringing their problems to me. You dreamed about what? You're crazy. Now get out of my office. Next patient! Like what? Do you need something? You're crazy.
Oh. A holosuite. I'm not sure he knew either. I think that's Lwaxana's husband. Congratulations. Go ahead. You're too close to the reactor core. There's so much interference I can't get a lock. Aye, sir.
And three against an army? Even more unlikely.
Odo. For you. Just a little something to brighten the room. You're welcome. Everyone wants to see your quarters. It's called curiosity. The start of what? I thought it had to be something like that. I mean, you don't exactly need an entire set of quarters just to sit in your bucket. I'm sorry if I intruded. Maybe I should leave. Well, where shall we put it? (Odo gets the bucket from its hiding place and it transforms into a plant pot.) Perfect. [Replimat] Sounds good to me. The sooner, the better. I agree. We don't want one of them walking around this station. Can I speak to you for a moment? (Kira and Odo leave) I heard you let him move in with you. Of course he does, Odo. He was programmed to feel that way. But can you trust him? How long do you think you're going to be able to control him? I never thought I would say this to you, Odo, but you are listening to your heart not your head. That boy was created in a laboratory. His body, his mind, his instincts, are all designed to do one thing. To kill. All right. Give him a chance. Just don't forget he is a Jem'Hadar. He's dangerous. I hope so. [Holosuite] (The young warrior is in full bloodlust.)
I'm fasting. Today is Ha'mara. It's the anniversary of the Emissary's arrival. We fast to show our gratitude to the Prophets for sending him to us. Last night, there was a Festival of Lights in the Capital. Something tells me the Captain scheduled these negotiations so he wouldn't have to attend. Oh, I understand how the Captain feels. Still, it would have meant a lot if the Emissary had been there. The Karemma aren't responding to our hails. They'd be smart not to. That's a class J gas giant. I'm reading wind speeds of over ten thousand kilometres per hour. Adjusting shield geometry for atmospheric entry. There's so much interference our imaging systems are practically useless. We've slipped between two thermal layers. Wind velocities are a little more manageable here. It's a little trick I learned during the occupation. Sometimes we'd evade the Cardassian ships by hiding in the Badlands. Sensor range was limited, so we learned to use an old active-scan system to navigate. We'd have to alter course and speed after every one. (Sisko gives the nod.) [Mess hall] Nothing within ten thousand kilometres. There's something four hundred kilometres below us. It could be the Karemma. I can't tell at this range. Well, from the size of it I'd say it's the Karemma. (Two blips whizz in from astern) I'm picking up two more ships. (Who fire on the Defiant.) The Jem'Hadar are breaking off their attack. I don't think they've spotted them. If we keep losing altitude at this rate, the hull will collapse in less than six minutes. Right now it seems like we're the ones who need to be tractored out of here. An emergency forcefield is in place, but it won't hold up long against this pressure. If we don't seal off that deck now, we'll lose the entire ship. [Corridor] (Sickbay is being evacuated right next to the forcefield.) The forcefield is down. She did it. Sir, I have something. It's a Jem'Hadar ship. It's about seventy kilometres above us on a roughly perpendicular course. Do you think they've detected us? What if they changed course or moved out of range? I think so. Captain? Try not to move. You took a bad blow. Get me a medkit. There, the bleeding's stopped. He's got a concussion, sub-cranial bleeding. We need a medic! I'm afraid if he loses consciousness he may slip into a coma, but I don't think I can risk using a stimulant on him. All right. Good luck. (Worf leaves) Captain. Everything's going to be all right but you have to try to stay awake for me. I'm just to keep talking, all right, but you have to listen. It's very important that you listen to me, because there's going to be a test later. [Turbolift] So I was thinking we could go on a four shift rotation, because that would give people a little more flexibility with their time. There is a downside because that would mean that every shift would have to. What am I doing? I'm supposed to keep you awake, not bore you to tears. I'm sorry. I don't know why this is so hard for me. All I have to do is talk to you. I mean, what do we usually talk about? You're right. That is what we usually talk about. Even when we're not working. I get the feeling it's not that way between you and Dax, or you and Chief O'Brien. But then, you're not a revered figure in their religions. I know you don't like it when I talk about you as the Emissary, but that's how I think of you. And maybe that's why sometimes it's hard for me to relax around you. Yes, sir? All right. All right. Do you know the one about the three brothers who go to Jo'kala? They were kava farmers, and one day they go into their field and they see the biggest kava root they'd ever seen. It's as big as a house. That's going to make us rich, said the oldest. So they decided to sell it in the city. [Engine room] So the three brothers started arguing about how to divide the money for the kava root. The oldest said that he should get more because it was his idea to sell it in the city, and the youngest objected, saying he was the one to till the. This can't happen. You can't die. You're the Emissary. There's still so much for you to do. I don't know if this is the right thing to do or not but I'm going to give you a stimulant. Captain, I know my beliefs make you uncomfortable around me sometimes, and that maybe that's why you keep me at arm's length. But I don't care about that right now and I am going pray, because I don't know what else to do. I'm losing you and I can't let that happen. Jia kaja, tre nu tola rem lapor. Ilani kor. Inar tanatali nor. [Engine room] Jiakaja, tre nutola rem. Lapor ilani kos. Inar jiakaja tre Yes, Captain? The Jem'Hadar hit us pretty bad and Worf went down to the Engine They gave all the money away and went back to the farm where they belonged. Sir? I'd love to, sir. [Engine room] The Karemma transport will be here at eighteen hundred hours tomorrow, and the Defiant should be ready to escort them back to the Gamma Quadrant. I'll look in to it first thing in the morning. I'm going off duty, so I thought I'd just relax. I'd love to, sir. I'll see you there. Hot dogs?
Nog, where did you get this springball racket? Try out of my quarters. This is mine. I've been looking for it for two years. Quark, Rom and Nog together on that ship all the way to Earth? I'm glad I'm not going with them.
Execute Rom? Dukat is bringing down the minefield, the Federation is about to be overrun by Dominion reinforcements and Weyoun has ordered Rom's execution. We are way, way past sorry. Jake's right. Sisko'll get here. The question is, will he get here soon enough? What if we cut off the power supply to the main computer? Shut down the whole station. A bomb. Leave that to me. It'll be crude, but effective. I'll plant the bomb. All we need to do is distract the guards. I'm off duty, Damar. What do you want? Where? Don't worry. It'll be all right. I wish you'd stop asking that. Quark. Take down the forcefields. I'd kiss you, Quark, but there isn't time. We have to find a way to shut down the power to the main computer. Right, Rom, you're with me. The rest of you, find someplace to stay out of sight. Get out of here. [Cargo bay] (Jem'Hadar come in through the other door. They hide behind crates.) Why would Dominion troops be using Bajoran weapons? (There's a final thud, the firing stops and they look out to see dead Jem'Hadar and a live Bajoran security detail.) It'll have to be. Can you keep the Dominion patrols off our backs? I could ask why. What about the Link? You too. [Bridge] How's it going, Rom? Sorry, sorry. All right then, concentrate on cutting off the power to the station's weapons array. Without weapons they won't be able to detonate the minefield. What is it? There are always questions. We find your reasoning flawed. We have every right. (touches Sisko's left ear) His pagh will follow another path. She loved you.
Let's see. We have a Bolian freighter due in day after tomorrow. We'll be outfitting another group of settlers leaving for New Bajor. You know, I heard their new irrigation system is really something to see. When you get to the Gamma Quadrant, you ought to take a look. Three days. We can finish this up later. (Kira and Dax leave) Lieutenant, what's the eta of the Odyssey? On screen. (An alien ship comes through) Hail them, Lieutenant. Shields up. Go to yellow alert. (Talak'talan beams in) I'm Major Kira Nerys, First Officer of this station. You'll have to excuse the containment field, but around here it's customary to identify yourself before transporting into someone else's command centre. Detained? For how long? What kind of interference are you talking about? Where did you get this datapadd. Chief, lock a tractor beam onto his ship. Well then you're going to need all the help you can get. Yes, sir. (Keogh leaves) Come on. You heard him. We've got three hours. [Corridor] (Odo is briefing one Bajoran and one Starfleet security officer) Odo. Captain Keogh has moved up our departure time. We have to be ready in fifteen minutes. Are you sure that you don't want to stay and oversee things here on the station? I don't know what we're going to come up against once we're there. Your duties do not require you to come with us. Quark? You're joking. I thought you hated Quark. I'd be willing to take that chance. But not today. I'd better get to the Orinoco. Odo? Keep your head down. Jake, are we glad to find you. Where's your father? Go ahead, Odyssey. Here they come. (The wood-lice style Jem'Hadar ships arrive and the fight begins.) [Odyssey Bridge] (Bangs and a lot of shaking) Go ahead. Understood. Dax, let's see if we can take some pressure off the Odyssey. Break off, Mekong. Initiate evasive manoeuvres. We'll lay down covering fire. [Runabout Mekong] Move to intercept. (But Jem'Hadar ship impacts the Odyssey. BOOM! KaBOOM!!) [Runabout Rio Grande] She'll be back. The question is who she'll bring with her?
Welcome to Deep Space Nine. I'm Major Kira. We've been expecting you. Defiant here. A Klingon D-7 battlecruiser just dropped out of warp. It's approaching the station. [Enterprise turbolift] Not yet. [Enterprise turbolift] The IKS Gr'oth. [Enterprise turbolift] The Klingon ship just transported two people [Bridge] To the station manager's office, Captain. [Enterprise turbolift] Aye, sir. (Sisko starts the lift moving.) the next bandshift in the Enterprise scan cycle will be in three minutes. Chief, are you ready for transport? Stand by. Go ahead, Captain. Acknowledged (Sisko puts the tribble on his tricorder. It's beamed out and BOOM.) [Bridge] Kira to Sisko. It worked. [K-7 grain storage hopper] Good. The Constable wants to see us on the Promenade. [Promenade]
Your gagh? How much gagh did she order? There are varieties of gagh? Are you all right? Well, you've barely said three words. Something on your mind? Oh, let me guess. You have a holosuite appointment? Defending the Alamo again? When does his transport arrive? Why don't you just give it to Martok?
The next thing we need is a secure way to communicate with our contacts on Bajor. Well, we'll just have to be smarter than they are. What cell? About what? Already? I better get going. Don't want to keep him waiting. What are you doing here? You're supposed to be on Bajor. Talked her into it? All right. Wait a minute, I didn't All right. [Rotarran Ready room] Ziyal, I'm not having dinner with you tonight. That's right. Ziyal, what are you doing back on the station? I'm not upset with you. I'm a little confused. What happened? But the last time you defied him, he left you here to die. You betrayed him? I think it's the other way around. All right, I'll be here. But I won't guarantee it's going to be any fun. They're very good. They remind me of Vedek Topek's early work. I'm not going anywhere. I don't believe the change. I have never seen her so She's finally found something, a talent, a direction. I'm glad it worked out. Really? Oh, that's wonderful. She must be excited. What time? Ah, the busy life of an interstellar despot. [Rotarran Training room] Come in. (Damar bearing a gift.) What do you want? What is it? What the hell am I doing? [Dukat's quarters] (Dukat is admiring Ziyal's drawings when Kira rings the doorbell.) The dress is fine. I don't like you. No. Only in your mind. You're an opportunistic, power hungry dictator and I want nothing more to do with you. She'll get over it. No, we won't. I'm sorry. I couldn't. I think you know why. I'm not. There's no choice. He's your father. [Rotarran - Worf's quarters]
Could you take it for a while? Actually, I do. I was hoping to meditate for a few minutes. Every day. You'll have to give me a few tips some time. We just usually like to sit quietly. (Bashir breathes in through his nose then out in a series of loud ha!s.) What are you doing? How about some music? I'm afraid my musical knowledge is limited to Bajoran composers. You know Tor's work? Really. What? Hatchet? Making way for brand new ones. Sure. Thank you. Doctor. Julian. One minute to the wormhole. Stand by to drop to impulse. I think you'd better stick with Dax. My mistake. Forget it. Take us out of warp. (Judder) What's wrong? Injector controllers are locked. I'm trying to compensate. (WHOOSH. It's a rough ride in the wormhole) Injectors opening. Velocity falling. (There's a big flash.) Initiating emergency stabilisation control. (Another flash as everything calms down.) A little dizzy. We'd better get O'Brien to take a look. What the hell? (DS9 isn't there) I have it on long range sensors. It's orbiting Bajor? What is this? Who are you? What is going on here? Something is very wrong here. I think we took a wrong turn in the wormhole. The wormhole to the Gamma. It's very difficult to explain. I think it would be best if we just to got back to our ship and I am Kira Nerys. The players are the same, but everyone seems to be playing different parts. No. I'm sorry, I don't. Us? And Bajor is part of this Alliance? No. My Bajor is not so fortunate. I can't stay here. You must see that. I'm not sure what you mean. I see. I know exactly what you mean. I know you don't want to kill me and you're searching for a good reason not to. My side needs what you have. A strong Bajor. If you knew the struggles we've been through to rebuild our world. Who's to say you won't influence us this time? My side once changed the course of your history. Well, maybe this time your side can change mine. Maybe you can teach me what I need to become the leader of Bajor as you have. If I can find a way back. No. Don't. If you knew him. He's an arrogant Terran who's lived a privileged life on my side. Let him see how the other half lives. Are you the leader of this sector or not? I know how I'd feel in your place. I wouldn't give a damn what the Cardassians or the Klingons thought. No, I've worked in ore processing myself. Is my Terran friend behaving himself? Good. Good. If you don't mind, I'll speak with him. (Kira goes over to Bashir before Odo can object) (sotto) Are you all right? Have you ever hear of a Starfleet Captain named James Kirk? That's where we are. Not on this station. I haven't found Dax or Sisko. I don't know anything about transporters, do you? Our Chief O'Brien. Who knows about theirs? Talk to him. I'll try to see if I can find anyone else who might be willing to help. [Quark's] (Less garishly dressed, more harassed but otherwise the same Ferengi bartender. Kira has a female Klingon bodyguard.) Hello, Quark. Quark runs a bar on my side too. Well, I'm not her, but that does sound good. Yeah. As a matter of fact, we are. On my side, Quark does me a lot of favours. The Quark I know, well, he just has the ability to get things done when no one else can. You know what I mean? Sometimes he even gets things done behind the backs of the security people. Oh, all sorts of favours, like getting me things I need. Well, for instance, a transporter for a few hours. That's right. Look, Quark, I don't have a strip of gold-pressed latinum so don't even think about it. What is it you want? Others? What others? Look, I can't open a revolving door to You and your friends don't seem like the other Terrans I've seen here. And why do you deserve this special treatment? Yes, there is. He's a good man. I did ask him about a transporter, that's true. You know I'm looking for a way back. A transporter was responsible for the first crossover. You're very busy. I guess I am a little afraid of you. What are you doing in my quarters, Garak? What are you talking about? GARAK In love with you, my dear. She's all a-twitter about you, can't talk about anyone else. You're the perfect gift for the girl who has everything. She's taken you into her heart like a Drathan puppy lig left on her doorstep. Who else could she share her deepest secrets with, tell her troubles to, trust with her life? All you have to do is take a look at the guard outside to see how much she trusts me. You're taking quite a risk coming to me like this. How? What? Gone? What about my friend? We've to get out of here tonight. I don't have time to explain. Just watch your back. You're in danger. We've got to find a way back to the runabout. There's still a wormhole out there they don't know about. Now I'm not sure whether it'll get us back or not, all I know is we can't stay here any longer. (Odo appears, watching.) I'm trying to find some help. It's too late for Quark. Stay alert. If our chance comes, there won't be much warning. [Promenade] Sisko. I have something important to tell you. It's valuable information and I want something in exchange. All I want is to get off this station. I want my runabout back. Not if you save her life. Garak is planning to kill her. Tonight. He wants me to take her place. What kind of a man are you? The Benjamin Sisko I know would never sell his soul and allow himself to become a part of this tyranny against his own people. What do Terrans believe in? Raising their children to dig the ore out of the mines for the Alliance? I worked in mines too till I was old enough to start fighting for my freedom. I care about freedom. What I don't understand is why you don't care. Why the only one on this station I have met who seemed to give a damn was a Ferengi toad named Quark. Yes, you charmed your way out of the mines but you and I both know you're no less a victim than anyone else here. [Quark's] (Kira enters in the blue, bootlace strap low cut party gown) Intendant. She's never going to let you get away. She'll track you down no matter how long it takes. Good luck. Thank you. Disengage the docking clamps. Firing thrusters. Taking us straight to impulse. Forty five seconds to wormhole. I'm just hoping that leak gets us back where we came from. I'm matching speeds and attitude with our last time through. Ten seconds to the wormhole. (BOOM) Hold on! (And into the wormhole) [Ops] Through the looking glass, Commander. It's good to be back. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
He does for me. (Bashir arrives and Worf leaves.) Not at all. I liked Vic's the way it was. That's good to know. Oh, nothing, sir. We're talking about a holosuite programme. He changed my life, too. And Odo's. Let me guess, you'll look around here while I check out the casino? Enjoy yourself. Just remember, we have a job to do. (Kira leaves.) Hit me. (eight) I'm done. Isn't that against the rules? Why's that? You're very sure of yourself. And quite a philosopher. What's the title? My talents lie in other directions. I'd say you already paid for it. You know Mister Zeemo? According to Frankie, Mister Zeemo's coming into town in about six days to pick up his first payment. He's never been to Vegas and he wants to look over his newest acquisition. I'll get a look at the safe. I'm in. Looks like you had a profitable night. Is this for me or am I just keeping it warm for you? I'll take your word for it. Give him what he wants, Frankie. I can't take much more of his whining. Oh, he'll never agree to it. We can't afford to make any mistakes. I'm glad you like what you see. Well you know what they say, good things come to those who wait. I never kiss and tell. Maybe later. Right now, I want you to buy me a drink. We can play footsies under the table. There's no justice. I'm perfectly content right here. Me? Really? I hadn't noticed. Oh, well, the night is young. I've got to pace myself. Mister Zeemo. It's a great honour to meet you. Frankie has told me so much about you. What are you waiting for, Frankie? Why don't you show Mister Zeemo to the countroom. You can tell Felix that we shut the lid on his jack in the box. What? Vic and Sisko sing 'The Best is Yet to Come'. Nice.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
She feels they're a complete waste of time. Anything worth doing in a holosuite can be done better in the real world. You could, but you'd live to regret it. Sorry I'm late. Sisko and I had to revise crew rotations again. No. I'm kind of looking forward to it, except for crashing. Kira here. I'm in the Replimat. I'll take it down here. This will only take a minute. (She goes to a comm. panel near the entrance.) This is Major Kira. I'd be glad to help, but why come to me? I was never at Elemspur. You've got the wrong Kira Nerys. Believe me, if I'd been held in a Cardassian prison, I'd remember. My memory is fine. I know exactly where I was that week. I spent the entire winter with my Resistance group in the Dahkur Hills. We had no power cells for our phasers, very little food, and we spent most of our time in caves hiding from Cardassian sensor sweeps. Believe me, it was very memorable. These records are fake. The only question is, who faked them and why. I was hoping you could answer some questions about your fellow prisoners. Kira. Kira Nerys. You remember me after all this time? Yes, they were. [Corridor] Maybe. But the records and the only surviving witness both say I was at Elemspur. My memory says something different. I've got to find out the truth. I'll let you know. This shouldn't take long. I should only be on Bajor a few days. Where where am I? What have you done to me? I don't know who you are or what you're trying to do, but it won't work. Whatever you think this is going to get you, you can forget it. Oh? Then what's stopping you? This is absurd. You can mutilate me, change my appearance, you are never going to convince me that I am a Cardassian. You really expect me to believe all of this? Oh, so I suppose you and I are old friends? This place? It's just another Cardassian prison. My home is in the Dahkur Province of Bajor. (Entek holds out a datarod.) Enter. Am I supposed to know you? My father? My father died on Bajor fighting the Cardassians. Don't call me that. It's not my name and I am not your daughter. What? I'm not hungry. (She picks up a sculpture from a table.) Your daughter was talented. No, thank you. My mother was an icon painter from Dahkur Province. She died of malnutrition at the Singha Refugee Camp when I was three. You're good. Really good. The house, the food, the stories, it's all very convincing. But I don't believe a word of it. I told you, the Federation runs the station. I wasn't even allowed into Ops. Thirty, forty thousand. Don't tell them I told you. Nothing you can show me will make any difference. That's impossible. It's a fake, a clone, a hologram. For all I know, this whole place is a holosuite. I killed a hara cat. How do you know that? I never told anyone that story. Actually, I learned that in the Resistance. I'll keep that in mind. I suppose if I walk out of here, you'll try to stop me. Maybe I'm willing to take that chance. Stop calling me that. I am not your daughter and I never was. I'm leaving. If you want to help me, get me off this planet. I will never cooperate with the Order. Eventually, they're going to realise that, they'll interrogate me and I won't survive. Begin playback. I don't know. No. No! (She smashes the mirror with her fist and cries.) No. You'd do that for me? Why? It's beautiful. I can't take this. Without the Order's knowledge? How's that possible? You're a dissident? Legate, I Wait. This is wrong. No, don't you see? The fact that you're a dissident, that you're willing to help me? Now that can't be a coincidence. Oh, no, it's Entek I don't trust. Why did he go to so much trouble changing me into a Cardassian, sending me to you? It's not me he's after. What if the Order suspects your involvement with the dissidents? But they could still suspect you. And without any evidence, they wouldn't dare interrogate you, would they? Which is why they had to make you betray yourself. Which is why they kidnapped me, because I resemble your daughter. And they knew you would never stand by and watch me be tortured. They wanted you to do this. They wanted you to try and rescue me. (Enter Entek with two armed guards.) Get over with him. Don't worry, he's on our side. I think. Come on. I'm fine. How did you? Come on. Odo, Garak, let's go. According to Doctor Bashir, my genetic structure is entirely Bajoran. The alterations were surgical. Gone. Completely disappeared. We suspect he was a Cardassian agent. He's probably the one who changed the Detention Centre records in the first place. I am. It's just, I still don't understand. If Iliana really was transformed into a Bajoran, then why did Entek have me kidnapped? Why not bring Iliana back instead? Do you think Iliana's still alive? Are you sure you don't want to stay on the station? Of course. I'll keep my eye on him. Here. (It's the bracelet.) It doesn't belong to me. I can't keep it. (Ghemor gives it back.) I want you to know something. In spite of whatever I might have said, I realise now you're an honourable man. And I think your daughter must have loved you very much. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
How many times have I heard that? I'm glad to be of help. It hasn't been too bad. I always find a way of amusing myself. And besides, when your people give the Regent the cloaking device, we'll both be free. Have a seat, big boy. You said your people could deliver the cloaking device. You guaranteed it! Then we have nothing to worry about. Oh, so fragile. It's one of my best features. Now, where were we? Your wish is my command. [Terok Nor holding cell] Yes, my dear, why don't you tell him. I knew you wouldn't disappoint me. (The Intendant kisses Ezri.) Isn't she just the best? We will be. [Klingon holding cell] What a novel idea. Now I can't recall the last time I kept my word. It's all right. Let him talk, my dear. He obviously feels very passionately about this, and you know how responsive I am to passion. Go on. I never thought of that. Maybe, but why waste a favour on those two little trolls? No, I'm afraid I don't much care for your suggestion. And as a matter of fact, I don't much like for you either. (The Intendant knifes Brunt in the stomach.) He was going to betray me. I could see it in his eyes. You wouldn't do that to me, would you? Would you? Oh, no, of course you wouldn't. I've suffered so many disappointments in my life. Brunt, Sisko, Bareil, the list goes on and on. Dispose of that, will you? It depresses me. She's not afraid of anyone, is she? Not even me. [Klingon Bridge] Absolutely. Few men have, but I think you'll find it very stimulating. Terok Nor, of course? Plans can be changed. What more can I ask? You mean no one can see us? How deliciously deceitful. Or anyone else, for that matter. There's nothing I enjoy better than a good ambush. That Ferengi! He did this! I don't know how much more of this the hull can withstand. I'm afraid you've run out of options. What a surprise. I've been looking everywhere for you. Is that really necessary? Ah, that's better. You and I have to get to one of the escape shuttles. You can't be serious. Isn't it a little late to be developing a conscience?
Absolutely. Mostly. But if I take the herbs, then the sedatives you gave me don't work. I don't. But Julian, those herbs taste like something that crawled out of Quark's ear. All right. Sure. (Bashir leaves.) How? Do they have any suspects? Latha was a violent man, but then he found the Prophets, and the last time I talked to him, he'd changed, really changed. Let me know if you hear anything else. Play back message. Replay audio. Again. It came over the primary subspace antenna at thirteen forty one hours. Almost the same moment Latha was killed on Bajor. Not that we know of. So obviously there's some connection to me, but I don't know what it is. I haven't even spoken to Latha in two years. I've contacted most of the surviving members of the Shakaar and warned them to take precautions, just in case. He died serving the Prophets. They'll take care of him. Fine. Exhausted. I didn't sleep much and Julian's got me back on those herbs again. I'm sorry. I couldn't stop thinking about Latha. All those fire fights and bombings he lived through just to be killed during a religious ceremony. You know, if I wasn't pregnant I would be down on Bajor right now trying to narrow down the suspects. That's what's driving me crazy. I'm sitting here eating breakfast while someone may be hunting down my friends. I'm a Major in the Bajoran militia. I should be down there trying to protect them. Yeah, right. I guess I do have my hands full at the moment. Go ahead, Odo. I'm on my way. [Ops] This is Major Kira Nerys. Who am I speaking to? Fala? Stand by. She's a friend. Her name's Trentin Fala. No. I'd rather not talk about it here, but trust me, she's no threat to anyone. Let me talk to her alone and see what's going on. (Kira goes to an upper level console.) I'm alone, and no one here will trace your signal. I know. And the authorities are investigating that right now. Who's been watching you? All right, calm down. I'll protect you. You can stay here at the station until all of this is over. Two of our officers are returning this afternoon from Starbase sixty three. I'll reroute them to Bajor and have them pick you up. Okay? Their names are Worf and Jadzia Dax. They'll contact with you within the hour. I'll see you soon. [Runabout] I'm hearing that a lot lately. Can I have a moment? Just tell me it was an accident. Why didn't the transporter security system detect the device? And a vendetta against the Shakaar resistance cell. She wasn't, at least not officially. Fala spent the occupation cleaning floors in a Cardassian records office in Dahkur Province. She passed us information for years without anyone catching on. But she was always so afraid. Afraid that she'd be caught and executed. But she never stopped. I once told her that I thought she was braver than all of us, because she had to live with her fear every day. Even after the occupation was over, she didn't want anyone to know that she was secretly helping us. She was worried that someone would come looking for her for revenge. Quark, what is that? Give that to me. (A picture of Fala) We planned dozens of attacks based on Fala's information. It could be any of them. That's a long list. (All Odo's monitors start flashing.) Can you trace it? Mobara. He was in the Shakaar. Er, Musilla Province, at the university. Engineering school. No, I'm not all right! I haven't slept in three days, someone is killing my friends, and my back! Sorry. Maybe you're right. But let me know the moment you hear something. I'm going to lie down. Help yourself to the replicator if you're hungry. Don't move! Furel? You're lucky I didn't shoot you. I live here! This is Lieutenant Brilgar. He's station security. He's here to protect me. I'm afraid so. This is Furel and Lupaza. We were in the same resistance cell. Thank you. (Brilgar leaves) How did you get in here? We just installed a new security system. You beamed in? From where? I should have you both thrown in the brig. But I'm glad to see you. A couple of weeks. Off and on. The doctor's giving me something. But before we get too deep into baby talk. I had another message today. This time it's Mobara. We don't know yet. There's a search party out right now looking for him. No. I can't send you out like some assassination squad. The occupation is over. We can't go around fighting private wars. Times have changed. We have got to change with it. Leave this for the authorities. Maybe so. But we're not at that point yet. What's in the box? For me? Makara herbs. Thanks. Really, thank you. Well, if you're staying, I'd better find you some quarters. Well, since Keiko's visiting her parents with Molly, I guess there's room. (The door opens.) It's all right! (Furel and Lupaza lower their weapons.) Miles, we have houseguests. [Captain's office] You can tell that through all that distortion? All right, let's say these are composite messages. Does that help us? You're sure? (gets a Look) All right, all right. That's one. That's two. That's three. It's me. He's using my voice. (Console alarm) Location? Get out of my way! (Kira punches the guard.) Julian. The baby? Lupaza and Furel. They're dead, aren't they? Miles? Did they die quickly? I was thirteen when I joined the resistance. I'd been hanging around the Shakaar base camp for a couple of weeks, running errands, cleaning weapons, that kind of thing. Then one night they had an ambush planned and they were a man short, so I volunteered. But everyone thought I was too young, too small. Lupaza stuck up for me. She said I had the heart of a sinoraptor and they didn't have much choose. Furel made some kind of joke. I don't remember what it was, but I do remember that Lupaza hit him. She was always doing that. They loved each other in some way. But it was up to Shakaar and he stared at me for a long time before he decided I was big enough to carry a phaser rifle after all. So we set up the ambush up along a ridgeline that night and waited. It was so cold my hands were shaking. I was so afraid that one of them would look at me and think that I was nervous, that I kept biting my fingers to keep the blood flowing. We must have waited there three or four hours before the skimmer appeared and set down right where Furel said it would. And when that hatch opened and that first Cardassian stepped out, I just started firing. And I didn't stop till I'd discharged the entire power cell. When it was all over, I was so relieved that I didn't let anyone down that I was almost giddy. Furel kept telling me to stop grinning, that it made me look younger, but I couldn't help it. I was one of them. I was in the Resistance. Lupaza made me this (her earring) out of some of the metal from that skimmer. How were they killed? Do you have any leads? You must have called in a lot of favours. How many people are on the list now? Can I see it? You're afraid I'm going to take the names and go charging off after them. You're right. I probably would. I know you will, Odo. Keep me informed. Authorisation Kira one five seven alpha. Computer, initiate emergency transport programme Kira two. Who's there? Silaran, is that you? What's the matter, Silaran? Are you so afraid of a pregnant woman in a restraining field you have to hide in the dark? You'd better hope I don't get that chance. I'm not afraid of you. I'm not some coward who's been sending anonymous messages and bombs to murder innocent people. There. That wasn't so hard, was it? Now we can talk. You want me to feel compassion for you? You murdered five people. What compassion did you show to them? What am I supposed to be repentant for? What're you talking about? So you were wounded during an attack I carried out when I was part of the resistance, and I'm supposed to feel guilty? We were at war, Silaran. Fifteen million Bajorans died during the occupation and you want me to feel sorry for you? Gul Pirak. Commander of the weapons depot at Hathon. I remember he executed fifteen Bajoran farmers because they refused to display the Cardassian banner outside their homes. None of us liked killing. We were fighting for our freedom against None of you belonged on Bajor. It wasn't your world. For fifty years you raped our planet and you killed our people. You lived on our land and you took the food out of our mouths, and I don't care whether you held a phaser in your hand or ironed shirts for a living. You were all guilty and you were all legitimate targets! I was a soldier. You're just a bitter old man out for revenge. What does that mean? What does that mean? Listen to me, Silaran. The child I'm carrying, it isn't Bajoran, it's human. It has unique medical needs. If you force me to give birth now you risk You can't bring it into the light! Not yet! Doctor Bashir said if I don't have at least three more weeks We both agree this baby's an innocent. Don't put him at risk, please, Silaran. Wait. Please, I'm begging you. At least give me a sedative. Show some compassion. Don't just cut me open. He wanted to protect the innocent and separate the darkness from the light. But he didn't realise the light only shines in the dark and sometimes innocence is just an excuse for the guilty. Let's go home.
Just get me two mugs of synthale, a double order of hasperat, and hold the conversation.
All right, is this everything you'll need for the lab? Believe what? How'd you find it? Damn. My terminal just self-destructed. I lost an evaluation report I've been working on for weeks. Even the backups. Come on. You make our own luck. We all know that. (Kira walks out of shot and Thunk!) Ow! [Club Martus] (There is great rejoicing) Not even a sprain, which is more than I can say for everybody else in the Infirmary. Yeah. And Doctor Bashir tells me it's a whole new batch. Dozens of them. I didn't get hurt by a system failure. I tripped and fell. Just coincidence, that's all. There're a lot of them? You're saying people are having accidents because of the way the neutrinos are spinning?
Watching your backs. That's what the helmet's for. You should be wearing one too. Every Jem'Hadar and Breen soldier on Cardassia is looking for you. Well, fill me in later. If anyone stops us, you're my prisoners. [Cardassian cellar] That way, they'll have to face the invasion force on their own. Not bad. I hope they realise their fight is just beginning. We're going to have to hit the enemy again and harder this time. That doesn't matter. We can't lose our momentum. Don't canonise me just yet. (Power comes back on.) You want another one? We'll attack Dominion Headquarters. Exactly. Damar, for the past two years you've practically lived in that building. We'll use force. We're going to need some kind of explosives. I do. Mila, I believe you're falling in love. Garak! Garak, get out of there! (BOOM and they're knocked down. Kira crawls for a rifle and is stopped by a Jem'Hadar.) [Bridge] (Casualties mount on both sides. A Federation ship gets a phaser straight through it, and the engine room explodes. Klingons destroy Jem'Hadar ships, others ram their vessels. Bodies fly off through hull breaches. Defiant dodges between cruisers with two Jem'Hadar on it's tail.) Why? Well, that could be a problem if we get trapped in the corridor. (BOOM and the ground shakes.) What the hell? (Garak comes down the stairs.) All right, we have to go now. Garak. Then fight for a new Cardassia. (BOOM) That works too. [Bajoran fire caves] (Winn throws her golden robes into the flames and lets down her hair) Just one? Then the explosives we brought aren't even going to make a dent. Maybe we could go to the door and ask the Jem'Hadar to let us in. They'd kill you on sight. Remember his orders. We stop for nothing. The pleasure's all mine. I want you to contact the Jem'Hadar and the Breen, and you order their ships to stand down. This war's over. You lost. And what will that accomplish? Only three of us made it to the briefing room. He's dead. I don't think the Jem'Hadar will attack. They won't risk endangering the Founder. She's in pretty bad shape. She just sits at her desk, deteriorating. It's been a while. Watch yourself. I don't trust her. Of course. Odo, what are you doing? I agree. Garak, put down your weapon. I said, put it down. (Odo does the Link and she is cured.) I would have thought she'd insist on going back to the Gamma Quadrant to cure her people. For how long? When will you be going? You could come back, you know, once you've cured your people. But you're not going to do that. You don't have to justify your decision, Odo. There's just one thing. I'd like to take you back to your homeworld. Don't tell me you're getting sentimental, Quark. You sure you want to leave without saying goodbye? There are going to be a lot of people that are disappointed. Don't take it hard, Quark. The Link. It's so different. You should go to them. Even Quark? I know. (They kiss. Odo morphs into a tuxedo.) Odo. You do. (She straightens his tie.) I'll never forget you. Nice work. Congratulations on your promotion, Lieutenant. I'm sure he's very proud of you, Nog. Now about the cargo inventories. Quark! You mind explaining this? You're taking bets on who's going to be the new Kai? Well just between you and me, all bets are off. As of this moment, betting pools of any kind are illegal on this station. I catch someone placing a bet, I put you in a holding cell for fifteen days. Is that clear? Quark. It better be. (Kira leaves. Quark goes back to Morn.)
It's no use. The runabout barely made it back through the wormhole. By the time they docked, power levels were near zero. (drawing her weapon) We'll have to burn it through. Power transfer is completely inoperative. The energy was drawn out faster than it could handle. Sir, the Klingon scout ship has departed docking bay eleven. What's Q? Main power grid has dropped eighty percent. You know, if we have one of these outages during a docking procedure, we could lose an entire pylon. We've got a minor hull breach in one of the upper bulkheads. Security to Ops. Commander, we're being pulled out of our normal position. Firing thrusters. We're still moving. We're still moving out of position. Straight into the wormhole. [Quark's] Based on our current trajectory, we'll hit the wormhole in eighteen minutes. What if we pump more tridium gas into the central core? The sensors might be more accurate with the greater concentration. It might also push us faster into the wormhole. A lot faster. Three minutes, fourteen seconds to the wormhole. We're picking up speed. It's by the podium.
Oh, I didn't come here for a drink. I thought you'd like to know your cousin Kono just tried to come aboard the station. He's gone, Quark. When we tried to talk to him, he beamed onto a departing Tellarite freighter. I was wondering the same thing myself, so I did a little checking. Your cousin's wanted for robbing a museum on Cardassia Five. My guess is he thought someone here would help him sell the merchandise. Quark, get this into that twisted little brain of yours. If you thought you were going to get away with anything while Odo's gone, think again. I'm watching you. Don't like you? You collaborated with the Cardassians, you cheat your customers, and you're a danger to this station. I don't just not like you, I despise you. (Kira leaves) I wouldn't call it spying, exactly. I just thought you might, you know, keep an eye on him while Odo's away. When you're not busy. Then you'll do it? This is Kira. Coming aboard? When? I wish you'd given us a little more notice. We could've arranged a formal reception. What brings you to the station? Really? I'm honoured. Oh, I am. Very happy. [Promenade] (Quark notices Kira and Bareil together, and smiles) [Village square] (Taya and two other children are playing with the top) Of your speech? I liked everything about it, except the content. Disagree is a bit of an understatement. Passionately disagree is more like it. The way you have of taking a prophecy and showing that it can mean exactly the opposite of the accepted interpretation is Infuriating. Like what? You follow springball? Me, too. I had Chief O'Brien design a springball holosuite programme. You want to play springball? Not that I can think of. I'm sorry. My brothers and I used to play at the Singha refugee camp. There wasn't much else to do. Thank the replicators. That's not necessary. Your shoulder Maybe I could use some help after all. (A kiss) I'll have to remember to thank Prylar Rhit for inviting you here. Really? Let me get this straight. The man who invited you to the station owes money to Quark? The little troll who runs the dabo tables. I have to go. I need to talk to Prylar Rhit. I think I know the real reason he invited you here. [Village] (It's a rowdy village meeting) Hello, Quark. Just thought I'd let you know. We caught your cousin trying to slip back onto the station. and guess what we confiscated from him? Bone-carvings stolen from a museum on Cardassia Five. I only wish we could have caught the two of you together. By the way, Prylar Rhit tells me you encouraged him to invite Bareil onto the station. Not at all. I just wanted to thank you. I found him very diverting. (Kira and Bareil walk off together along the upper promenade)
Beautiful. Ranjen Telna gave a very moving sermon. About how important it is to forgive the people who've wronged you. What's wrong? I would love for you to come with me, but I don't think you'll get much out of it if you don't believe in the Prophets. It doesn't work like that. Faith has to come first. Not if he got something out of it. Yes. Vedek Fala. What a surprise. What are you doing here? Well come in, sit down. Let me get you some tea. When I contacted the University they told you were on a spiritual retreat. That's what makes you different from all the other vedeks I known. To you, faith is a journey. Chair? We didn't have any chairs at the camp. We sat on the floor. Oh, as if you needed the help. Nerys, what are the three keys to enlightenment? Charity, humility and faith. You were a good teacher. Without you, I'm not sure I would have survived that camp. What is it? (She takes a small crystal from the bag. It glows as Kira holds it, then she's beamed out.) [Empok Nor Temple] (The area that is Quark's on DS9. Kira beams in to be greeted by Bajorans wearing red arm bands.) Empok Nor? That's impossible. Those red armbands. You're members of the Pah wraith cult? Why did you bring me here? And who exactly is the Master? Dukat. You? You're the leader of the Pah wraith cult? Oh, it's all right, I always wanted to see Empok Nor. Is the Dominion aware that you've set up a temple here? Your ear. You pierced it. Your new family. Well, it makes sense that these people would choose you as their leader. They worship evil. The Prophets have a plan for us. It's not always easy to see what it is. So I guess the ancient texts just had it all wrong, then. And how would you know that? I don't know whether you believe what you're saying, or if you're faking it, or if you're just insane. Would that be before or after you killed Jadzia? You mean besides overseeing an occupation that killed tens of millions? You have no right to say that. And what's supposed to happen when that day comes? Something tells me their plan involves you being ruler of Bajor again. Oh, they don't love you. You have some kind of a hold over them, but they don't love you. I had a feeling you'd turn up sooner or later. Angry? I feel sorry for you. Letting yourself be duped by Dukat into joining this cult. In the camp, you kept us together. It was your faith in the Prophets that got us through. How could you of all people would turn your back on them? The path the Prophets laid out for us isn't always easy, but that's no reason to turn to hate and fear. The Pah wraith cult tried to kill the Emissary. Then prove it. Let me go. The Master. He's using you. He's taking your beliefs and twisting them to suit his own purpose. Your problem is you're too trusting. How can you forget all the friends we lost during the occupation? How can you forget all the millions Dukat murdered? Some things can't be forgiven. Where do you get your food? What about things like medical supplies? Do you bring them from Bajor? As long as we're on the subject, am I free to move around, talk to people? You're getting close. You have to get permission from Dukat to have a baby? Oh, I see. Especially a Cardassian whose appetite for worldly pleasures is legendary. That was some kiss. [Empok Nor Cargo bay] (An artist is painting Dukat as adored Messiah.) Oh, congratulations. I understand it isn't easy to get permission to have a baby. Don't go out of your way. No, it's all right. Fair enough. None taken. In fact, I've always found that when people try to convince others of their beliefs it's because they're really just trying to convince themselves. And that's what scares me. No offence. [Empok Nor Temple] Don't. Dukat. Stay where you are. The rest of you get down on the floor. I said down on the floor! (Benyan steps in front of Dukat.) Step aside. You're right. I don't want anything to happen to you. Not until your followers have a chance to see what a fraud you are. It always comes back to that, doesn't it, Dukat? Your desperate need to win the love of the Bajoran people. You just never understood why we didn't appreciate you. And you want a thank you? You were working people to death in the ore processing centre, but that didn't stop you from strutting around Terok Nor, picking out Bajoran women to take to your bed and actually believing that they wanted to be there. You took her away from her children. She did what she had to so that we could survive. Maybe she convinced herself that she did, which is a very different thing. How? By recreating some kind of idealised version of the occupation? Because that's what you've done here. You have your station back, Bajorans to serve your every whim. And the best part is, this time they really do love you. As misguided as that is, they love you. And why's that? Not of children being raised to follow the Pah wraiths. You can bet that I don't approve. I'd be happy to. There's just one thing. We can't both be right. (Mika is wheeled out on a bed, holding her new-born and looking solemn. Benyan goes over and sees that the baby has Cardassian features. Then Dukat has a look. He takes the baby from Mika.) Fala, I don't understand this. You're an intelligent man. How can you believe Dukat's story? It's obvious he's the child's father. Are you so blind that you will just believe anything he says? You know to know what the miracle is? That Mika didn't breaking into tears in front of her husband. She was terrified he wasn't going to believe Dukat's little performance. I could see it in her eyes. If you believe that this really is a miracle, then you'll let me talk to the happy couple. What's wrong? Afraid of finding out the truth? I'll be discreet. [Empok Nor Cargo bay] (The painting has a little more detail.) Maybe you should make one of the children half Cardassian. To commemorate what happened. It must be quite an honour to be part of such a miraculous event. Obviously Dukat did the right thing in giving his permission for you to have a baby. Did you ever pray with him alone? Did Mika? I want to find Mika. FALA: When we do, I trust you'll be more discreet than you were with Benyan. [Empok Nor Airlock] Thank you. He said Mika went this way. [Empok Nor Airlock] Mika? Mika? (Dukat is gone with Kira sees Mika on the floor of the airlock.) Mika. (Kira shuts the space door.) [Empok Nor Infirmary] An accident? What happened, Dukat? Was Mika going to tell everyone that you're the father of her child? Is that why you tried to kill her? Mika isn't going to lie for you anymore. Keep him away from her. I know you're desperate to keep your followers from turning against you. I'm not surprised you'd kill them. But I can't believe you'd be willing to die yourself. Happy? Fifty people are going to die. You really believe that. Dukat! Don't you see why he's doing this? He doesn't want you to find out the truth! (Dukat is scrabbling on the floor trying to find his special pill. Fala pulls him up.) What's wrong, Dukat? Take it. They're all the same, aren't they? (Doubt spreads amongst the congregation.) Tell them, Dukat. Tell them you never had any intention of dying with them. Fala, no! Why? I keep going over what he said when he died and I don't know if he was trying to tell me if he never lost his faith or that he felt betrayed by it. I thought Dukat was just claiming to share their faith because he wanted them to love him. But it was more than that. He's changed. I know this is going to sound crazy, but I think Dukat convinced himself that he was doing what the Pah wraiths wanted. Either way, he believes. And that makes him more dangerous than ever. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Here they come. She'll be back. The question is who she'll bring with her? We're in trouble, people. We've run seven simulations, and they all come out the same. The Jem'Hadar overwhelm our defences and board the station within two hours. All right, let's say we let them board the station. That still doesn't mean we have to surrender. We can hide in the conduits, set up booby-traps, prepare ambushes. Try and hold out until we can get reinforcements. I want a third alternative. I cannot believe that we can't (A console starts beeping.) Where is it? It's too close for comfort, whatever it is. Red Alert. Raise shields, energise phaser banks, stand-by to lock photon torpedoes on On screen. The Defiant? I thought Starfleet didn't believe in warships. And this is the ship that Starfleet sends us to fight off an attack by the Dominion? Charming. Major Kira Nerys. Odo, there you are. I just finished talking to the Provisional Government and they want you to go with us to the Gamma Quadrant tomorrow to act as an official Bajoran representative. I know. That's why they want you to go. If we do locate the Founders, we're going to need more than diplomacy. We're going to need to size them up, see what kind of threat they pose to Bajor, analyse Maybe it is. Maybe I'm your friend, and maybe I want you to see that you are still needed here no matter what some idiot Starfleet admiral might think. The Defiant leaves at seven hundred hours. [Commander's office] Weapons ready. That's well within range of their weapons, Commander. Aye, sir. They're powering their weapon systems. They're getting closer. The other one has broken off its search. It's headed this way. They've gone into warp and resumed their original course. Let's hope it's not the last. Ship's log, stardate 48212.4. We have arrived at the Karemma homeworld and opened talks with one of Quark's business partners in an effort to contact the Founders of the Dominion. [Bridge] (The Karemma is looking at everything with a merchant's eye, including the Nagus' staff.) Did I wake you? It's about Odo. Is it that obvious? Can I speak freely? What the hell is wrong with Starfleet? How could they do this to him? Because he worked for the Cardassians. Why? Because sometimes he doesn't go through the proper channels? He gets the job done. So you agree with their decision? And when this mission is over, you're just going to let him go? According to our sensor sweeps, it looks like Ornithar was telling the truth when he said the relay station was unmanned. It also appears there are very few security measures in place. They're on the surface. (Cloak is re-engaged) I don't think so. We've lost contact with them. I can't. Some kind of shield has appeared around the outpost. I can't get through it. (Alarm) I'm not sure. I've never seen this kind of field before. The Jem'Hadar ships have entered the system. They'll be in orbit in thirty seconds. Course laid in. Let me, sir. I think he'll listen to me. Odo, it's time we had a talk. Well, you've tried being alone and it hasn't done any good, so maybe it's time to stop brooding and started talking. No, I'm your friend. You know, the one who comes to you when she needs help. I'm just trying to return the favour. Go? Go where? We're in the heart of the Dominion. Where the hell do you think you're going to go? Why? You're going to have to do a lot better than that. Odo, talk to me. Tell me what's going on. Why there? All right. Once we've contacted the Founders, I'm sure Commander Sisko Look, I understand this is important to you, but we have a mission to complete. (Bang. Boom! and a bulkhead blows in.) [Bridge] Just a few bruises. Kira to Bridge. Kira to Bridge. We have to get up there. [Bridge] (Another crewman is dead without speaking) We've lost main power. Our duty is to get to the Bridge and help defend the ship. (waking up) Where, where am I? Odo, what happened? We were under attack. Sisko? Bashir? Where are we? You should have taken us back to the wormhole. I was unconscious. Have you found anything? (she checks sensors) There's a class M planet, no star system. A rogue planet?
The Federation only gave Bajor two CFI replicators. Garak, can I talk to you for a minute? Listen closely. I don't know what kind of sick game it is you're playing with Ziyal, but it'd better stop and it better stop right now. I don't want to hear any of your lies. Now, that girl is here under my protection and I swear if you do anything to hurt her, I will make you regret it. Is that clear? Good. (Kira leaves) You wanted to see me? What do we tell the Cardassians? He fooled all of us.
Would someone please tell me what's going on here? So what's the problem? Fill out the paperwork. I don't have time for this. I just spoke with Captain Sisko. They found a crashed Jem'Hadar ship in the Gamma Quadrant. They need the Defiant right away. I'll be back in about a week. I'm leaving right away. I'd say you have some legal problems to work out. (Kira leaves)
Did your father just sit you down one day and say, right, Miles, it's time to teach you about massaging pregnant women.' Sounds like me. Are those my uniforms? Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow. You're a sadist, Miles Edward O'Brien. Was your father this cruel to your mother? Here. You miss Ireland? You've got leave coming. Take three weeks and go. Take me along. I can think of worse things than spending three weeks in Ireland with you. I don't know how they keep doing it. We've changed the security protocols three times now. Miles? What did he do? Look, Miles is a very busy man. He can't be everywhere at once. He's doing a superb job under very difficult circumstances. What are you talking about? I've always liked Miles. Look, I am living with him. I am carrying his baby. Don't you think that might change things a bit? We're closer. It's like I'm part of his family. What? Could we concentrate on the criminal activities report? Hi. I'm not in the mood anyway. No thanks, really. Oh. I'm going to Bajor tomorrow, just for a few days. Yes. I thought I'd take the time and relax. A friend of mine has a house in Musilla Province. It's quiet, remote. No distractions. First thing in the morning. Well, Julian doesn't think that's going to happen for another month. I don't think that's such a good idea. Not at all. Looks like it. It's a gorgeous two hundred year old cottage filled with antiques, sitting in the middle of a deep, dark forest. It's got three fireplaces, two balconies It's twenty kilometres to the nearest neighbour, thirty to the nearest town. It gets worse. There's a view. Of the Holana river. You can see it from every room in the house. At night, when the stars are out and you can only hear rushing water, it may be one of the most romantic spots in all of Bajor. You think she'll buy it? You're absolutely right. In fact, I'm going to go to the capital and see Shakaar. Thanks. In another life. All right, let's not. Miles? Get out.
They've become meaningless. You are throwing it all away! All of you! Well then, don't ask my opinion next time! (turns off the monitor) Yes? I suppose you want the office. Hello. You don't want to ask me that, Commander. Because I have the bad habit of telling the truth even when people don't want to hear it. I don't believe the Federation has any business being here. The provisional government and I don't agree on a lot of things which is probably why they've sent me to this god-forsaken place. I have been fighting for Bajoran independence since I was old enough to pick up a phaser. We finally drive the Cardassians out and what do our new leaders do? They call up the Federation and invite them right in. Help us. Yes, I know. The Cardassians said the same thing sixty years ago. Odo, are you reading something at A-fourteen? We've been having a lot of break-ins lately. No need for you to come along, Commander. (So he follows her) [Assaying office] (Bajoran security (in grey) are coming down the stairs) Hold it! (The alien throws a morning-star at Odo, who morphs his head so it goes straight through and sticks in the bulkhead behind him. The alien then tries to run, Odo grabs him and Sisko fires his phaser.) Odo, this is our new Starfleet Commander. Quark probably sent the two of them here to steal the ore samples in the first place. Everyone else is busy repairing the primary systems. I suppose Starfleet officers aren't used to getting their hands dirty. (So Sisko moves rubbish too) In the refugee camps, we learned to do whatever needed to be done. Didn't matter who you were. Quark knows a good bet when he hears one. This government will be gone in a week and so will you. Civil war. The only one who can prevent it is Opaka. Our spiritual leader. She's known as the Kai. Our religion is the only thing that holds my people together. If she would call for unity, they'd listen. Leaders of all the factions have tried to get to her, but she lives in seclusion, rarely sees anyone. Kira to Sisko. Sorry to disturb you, Commander, but there's something on the Promenade you might want to see. Commander, if you'd like me to give them a tour of the station. I'm afraid we've had some security problems. Looks like looters got in here. Frontier medicine? Did you? This wilderness is my home. The Cardassians left behind a lot of injured people, Doctor. You can make yourself useful by bringing your Federation medicine to the natives. Oh, you'll find them a friendly, simple folk. [Laboratory] (The Orb in under scrutiny) Dukat. He used to be the Cardassian Prefect of Bajor. May we have your attention, please? This establishment is being closed. Confirmed, Rio Grande. [Ops] Their computers are crashing. Shields and sensors are down. Odo's done it. Ops to Rio Grande. [Runabout Rio Grande] You're in business. Odo's reached the transport site. Nice work, Constable. [Runabout Rio Grande] What the hell is happening out there? Scanners are picking up an object near their last known coordinates. It isn't a ship. Are the Cardassian sensors picking it up? Yellow alert. Secure Ops. Beam it aboard, Mister O'Brien, but put it in a level one security field. Mister O'Brien, what would it take to move this station to the mouth of the wormhole? It has to be there tomorrow. That wormhole might just reshape the future of this entire quadrant. The Bajorans have to stake a claim to it. And I have to admit that claim will be a lot stronger if there's a Federation presence to back it up. You have Ops, Mister O'Brien. Lieutenant, you're with me. You too, Doc. Time to be a hero. Constable. Security here, on the station. I cannot justify taking you into this wormhole. We have no idea what we're dealing with in there. It could be hostile. On screen. They're headed right to it. This is the Federation ship Yangtze Kiang. Major Kira Nerys in command. Gul Dukat, we know you're headed for the wormhole. I strongly suggest you do not proceed. We encountered a hostile lifeform inside. Slowing to one-third imp (The wormhole opens and shuts again.) [Limbo] Mister O'Brien, can you establish a high energy thoron field before they get into sensor range. I don't want them to be able to scan our defence systems. With any luck, they're in the Gamma Quadrant, on the other side of the wormhole. That's because it just collapsed. That's exactly what I expect you to believe. (Transmission ends) Red alert. Shields up. Open the channel. Gul Jasad, I assure you. I need at least a day to make the necessary preparations. Constable, if you would coordinate moving all personnel to safer locations. (Odo leaves) What was the last reported position of the Enterprise? We've got to hold out till they get here. I assume, Mister O'Brien, you would agree surrender is not a preferable option. Are you ready, Mister O'Brien? All right, then, let's give them our answer. Fire six photon torpedoes across Jasad's bow. We're not going to win this battle with torpedoes, Chief. On screen. You don't think Starfleet took command of this space station without the ability to defend it, do you? You're probably right, Jasad. And if you were dealing with a Starfleet officer, they'd probably admit we have a hopeless cause here. But I am just a Bajoran who's been fighting a hopeless cause against the Cardassians all her life. So if you want a war, I'll give you one. (transmission ends) Too soon for a victory celebration, Doctor. Mister O'Brien? Battle stations. (The Cardassians open fire) [Promenade] (Civilians on the Promenade feel the blasts) Do it. (One ship is hit.) Damage report. Can you divert the main power flow? Go ahead. No. Signal the lead Cardassian ship that we will proceed with On screen. (WHOOSH) Hail the lead ship. What did I tell you, Jasad? [Cardassian Bridge] There's your wormhole! (A runabout is towing the Cardassian warship) [Ops] On screen. Go ahead, Commander. You're can't cheat every customer who walks through the door anymore, Quark. You are a community leader now. If you don't take that hand off my hip, you'll never be able to raise a glass with it again.
Julian. Garak. (Garak leaves.) About those atmospheric specifications you requested for the Yalosian Ambassador? Well we ran a test in one of the guest quarters. The mixture is so corrosive it dissolved the carpet. Then I guess we'll just have to rip out the carpets. Why not? Is there anything else I should know about the Yalosians? Go ahead, Commander. Permission granted.
You have more in common with a Rakonian swamp rat, Quark. Tarkalean tea. But not too sweet this time. Catching up on some work? I wouldn't be surprised. Quark's always up to something. Odo keeps him in check. You'd think they'd be a little less aggressive after failing to conquer Cardassia. And when they find an appropriately weak system, they invade. It's the same old story. The strong survive and the weak perish. Kira to Rubicon. Docking platform two is open. Welcome back, gentlemen.
You know what I could use? A weekend at the Golian Spa. We're not seeing each other anymore. Last week. I miss him. But last time we were on Bajor, we went to the Kenda Shrine and we asked the Prophets if we were meant to walk the same path. We're not. The way I see it, people are either meant to be together or they're not. Is he all right? I guess her dolls are going to have to rough it for a while. It's hard to tell from the interference, but there could be lifeforms on the surface. We're approaching the barrier. I think so. Oh, no, I'm fine. Maybe I'll stay up here. How's Odo? If you say so. I feel fine. Hey. Where are you off to? Odo? How are you holding your shape? I thought You look different. Odo, what's gotten into you? What do you mean, you love me? I never knew you felt that way about me. It worked. Why didn't you ever say anything? It's not that. I was just thinking about all the times I came to you for advice about Shakaar and Bareil. It must have been very hard for you to listen to me go on about another man. You were. I'd like that. [Meeting hall] (Sisko is being introduced to his latest descendant, a baby sucking his thumb.) Praying over your own grave. That's got to be a new one. Well, I wouldn't blame them. I've got to tell you that this whole quantum duplicate two Defiants thing has me feeling a little strange. I know. It's just that I've always believed that we're all given one destiny, one path, and now we're using technology to get around that. I'm not sure how it makes me feel. You've changed so much, Odo. I don't just mean the way you look. You used to be so closed off. Why don't we head back? [Town square] (Baseball practice with Gabriel and another boy.) Look at them. They have no idea what's going to happen. I'm not sure I understand. Eight thousand people, Worf. They have to die because I have to go back to the station to be treated for some condition I can't even tell I have. I'm going up to the ship. I had to see it again so I could be sure. That this is where I belong. The path the Prophets laid out for me ends here. I can't let him do that. Not if it's going to cost eight thousand lives. No, we have to let history take its course, even if it means I have to die here. [Mess hall] I know that, Julian. I've accepted it. We've got to take the Defiant back in time, otherwise we're cheating fate. Your family will be fine, Miles. The Prophets will take care of them. Captain. Please don't make it any harder than it already is. This isn't about me. This is about the eight thousand people down on that planet, and their children and grandchildren. They don't exist yet. These people do. Maybe. (They kiss, and she leaves Odo crying.) [Bridge] It's time. It's the anomaly. We're headed straight for it. We're veering away from the anomaly! No sign of the settlement or the inhabitants. Everything's gone. [Defiant corridor] Come in. Odo. Oh? The other day, when I told you about Shakaar and me not seeing each other anymore, you seemed so uncomfortable. I don't know what to say. I'm still trying to sort everything out. Why? I can't believe it. Eight thousand people! That makes it right?
Damar's a creature of habit, all right. After a hard day at work, he deserves his glass of kanar. Why are the Jem'Hadar always in here, he asks himself. They don't drink, they don't eat, they don't gamble. All they do is take up space. Damar asks his bartender if he found a PADD he was working on the other day. Damar doesn't like that. The PADD contained a draft copy of a secret memorandum he was working on concerning the shortage of White. In it he speculates that without the drug, the Jem'Hadar will run amok, killing everyone and everything in their path. Damar recommends that if the Cardassians can't bring down the minefield and re-open the supply line from the Gamma Quadrant, they should poison the last ration of White, eliminating the Jem'Hadar before it's too late. How did you get a hold of Damar's PADD anyway? The missing PADD. Damar accuses them of stealing it. I knew this was going to work. The Cardassians and Jem'Hadar can pretend to be allies, but they hate each other. (Quark tries to intervene and gets thrown over the bar.) You wanted to see me? About what happened at Quark's? It worked better than I expected. Of course you did. We discussed it at our last resistance meeting. Yes, you did. And then you walked out of the room like there was nothing left to say. But Rom and Jake stayed and we discussed it, and you know what? I decided it was a good idea. Why are you taking it so personally? The Federation is losing this war. We can't sit by and do nothing. I'm beginning to think you shouldn't have agreed to sit on that Council. It's as if you're so invested in making sure the station runs smoothly, you've forgotten there's a war going on. I need you, Odo. The resistance needs you. No, of course not. That's not what this is about. (The female shape-shifter walks in) Do you? Are you sure? (Odo nods and Kira leaves.) What are you doing here, Damar? Did Dukat demote you to security detail? I'm looking for Odo. Do you know where he is? That's good. It's good to know where your boss is. Try to stay out of trouble, Damar. You don't want to end up on sanitation duty. [Odo's quarters] (Odo is sitting gazing out of the window.) Odo? I dropped by your office and Damar told me you were here with her. You all right? What did she want? Then what was she doing here? You don't know how much I wish I could believe that. You didn't Link with her, did you? You did? What were you thinking? It's not. It sounds like a perfect way to manipulate someone. Ever since the day you two crossed paths, she has lied to you, tricked you, stood in judgment of you. I don't trust her. I don't understand how you can. An Intergalactic Warlord, maybe? Because that's what she is. You believe you can convince her to call off the war? Odo, this isn't the time to go off on some kind personal quest. There's too much at stake. After the war is over, do whatever you need to do. If you feel you need to go and join the Great Link, I'm not going to stop you. But for right now, I need you here, focused. Please promise me that you're not going to Link with her again. Not until this is over. I'm not sure we want to do that. What do you think, Odo? Then we'll do something else. Something that we can all agree on. (doorbell) We're just sitting here enjoying each other's company. Come in. (A drunken Quark sways in) Well, then maybe you'd better leave before someone sees you. All right, you made your point. Relax. What are you talking about? Come on, Quark, think. Did Damar say anything about how he was planning to deactivate the mines? That's impossible. The only person on the station who knows anything about the mines work is What do you think, Rom? About the deflector array. Is there any way to use it to deactivate the mines? Quark. How can we disable the deflector array? Let's do it. Odo, can you disable those alarms? Will that give you enough time? All right. You and I will meet here. At exactly oh eight hundred, you will begin the diagnostic. [Admiral Ross' office] A little. I hope there's more than just fruit in that basket. Right. (Two Cardassians come round the corner) I didn't order any fruit. Oh, your brother sent this, didn't he? If he is trying to win me over, tell him it's just not going to work. Better yet, I'll tell him myself. (Kira marches Rom off down the corridor. In another area...) Odo should be in his office by now. Now remember, he's going to interrupt the sensor alarms at exactly eight hundred hours. If there's a problem I'll contact you. Good luck with your delivery. [Conduit A51] (Restricted area, big red notice on the panel) Odo! Kira to Odo. Please respond. [Odo's quarters] (Odo is Linking.) Kira to Odo. Odo, answer me. [Security office] Computer, time. Congratulations on your promotion, but we'll have to discuss the personnel report some other time. I don't think so. [Promenade] Kira to Rom. Don't open that hatch. [Conduit A51] Get out of there! (Rom dives head first back through the conduit.) [Promenade] What the hell happened? Why didn't you disable that alarm? Rom is sitting in a holding cell being interrogated! He was counting on you. I was counting on you! You know? Do you realise what you just did? You just handed the Alpha Quadrant to the Dominion. Are you saying you forgot? A lot of people are going to die. Don't you care? How can you say that? The last five years, your life here, our friendship, none of that matters? That's right. I'm a solid. (Kira leaves the Link addict and the founder comes out of the other room.)
No, you don't. No, he doesn't. No, it isn't. No, you're not. Yes I have. That's how I know you love him. (Leeta bursts into tears.) [Ishka's house] (Ishka is crying.)
Oh, everyone seemed to enjoy it. Thank you, Captain. For insisting that the festival take place in spite of the fact that we're in the middle of a war. Yes, we must. Shouldn't you be heading over to the wardroom for the ceremony? Yeah, well I don't really feel like talking to you right now. No. You arrested a Vedek. Vedek Solis was raising funds for Bajoran flood victims. I don't care about station regulations. Goodbye, Odo. [Wardroom] Kira to Worf. Report to Ops immediately. Busy? I'm leaving with the task force first thing in the morning. And? What are you talking about? No, but now I know why you've been avoiding me for the past few days. Why would I want to do that? Is that what you've been thinking? Odo, we had an argument. People have them all the time. Look at Dax and Worf. They love each other, but they fight all the time. Don't change the subject. I don't even know anymore. No. But you were wrong to arrest the Vedek. And I thought that we could spend my last night on the station together. Then I will see you later. Good. Like night and day. [Airlock] The Prophets can be helpful in such matters. Jem'Hadar fighters approaching, bearing zero five nine mark zero three one. We've got to find that source and destroy it. Captain? Take us there, Mister Nog. Get him back to his quarters. Don't worry, Captain. We'll get the job done. [Shrine] (Dukat checks on Dax.) On screen. Fire. Go ahead. Why would they fire on their own power source? Evasive manoeuvres, Mister Nog. Pattern Theta. (The Klingon ship goes KaBOOM.) Do it. (Defiant swoops low over the moon. The platforms change target instantly and the moon goes KaBOOM! No more shots are fired.) Go ahead, General. She'll be here when you get back. I was afraid of that. He's not sure he's coming back. His baseball. He took it with him. [New Orleans alley] (Sisko is scrubbing clams.)
The revised duty roster. Read it and weep. Afraid so. And I need an experienced combat officer to do it. Worf has already set up the parameters. All you need to do is make sure it gets done. It has to be a Starfleet officer with a level four security clearance. That means either you or Dax, and I need Dax to take over as Fleet Liaison Officer. but that's crazy. How can a ship function like that? Trouble? I can see why they caught your attention. Martok's ship. On screen. Permission granted, General. You're also cleared to dock at bay four.
The Rotarran and the Koraga were ambushed by a Dominion patrol near the Badlands. It didn't make it. We have a problem. It's Ezri. There's a runabout missing. Captain Sisko, Kai Winn is here to see you. May I show you to your quarters? She will serve us well. (Sisko is standing there too.) The Guide will reveal the way. Only you can bring the Restoration. Eminence, are you all right? What happened? The bottom line is, the Chief won't be able to get to it for a few days. We have engineering crews working twenty six hours a day. We're doing the best we can. I can imagine. Oh, I see. Well, that explains that. I'm sorry. But the Prophets wouldn't ask you to do something like that without a reason. It doesn't work like that, and you know that. Well, what they're asking you to do isn't easy, but they've never led you down the wrong path. I wouldn't go against the Prophets. You're doing the right thing. [Jem'Hadar bridge] So do I. (Nog pipes the bride aboard.)
Security's stopping everyone at the airlocks but it took them five minutes to get in position. The assailant may already be on a ship. Odo. We haven't picked up anyone at the airlocks. I can't hold up outbound traffic any longer. I heard about the list, the one that Quark got out of the wall. I couldn't help wondering if it had something to do with Vaatrik. Anything? (Odo hands her a PADD) Ches'so. No, but I wasn't here very long. We never talked about it. I would have been executed. That wouldn't have mattered to the Cardassians. I don't do whatever it is you want. Not for money, not for food. Are you some kind of a security officer? You are, aren't you. Unofficially? What's that supposed to mean? Who says I did? I suppose she also told you I killed him. No. No. No. We weren't having a romance. You'll have to ask him. All you're going to find is that I've been here for two weeks. I met the man right after I arrived. He had Pyrellian ginger tea. How he managed to get it I don't know, but I happen to like ginger tea. We became friends. Maybe he was attracted to me. It never went anywhere. Why do you think Dukat wanted you on this investigation? Why not his own security people? That never stopped the Cardassians before. They have ways of getting their information. Something to think about. I was at the bar. I heard the Ferengi are allowed to hire some Bajorans for dog work. It's better than the mines. How do you know? You're not bad at this. You're right. My last job was at a replicator plant on Bajor. I hit a supervisor for trying what I thought you were trying a few minutes ago. If I were, would you have the Cardassians stop me? Then I'm not planning on leaving the station soon. Let me tell you something. Unofficially or not, you're working for the Cardassians. Sooner or later, you're going to have to decide whose side you're on. Everybody has to choose sides, Constable. [Pallra's living room] I've got some good news and some bad news. I think I've found our Ches'so. A Bajoran mining engineer. He's been very active in charity work for the war orphans. Some connections from my past suggested he might be. His work brought him to the station a lot. The bad news is he's dead. Drowned in a pond on his property last night. How? Whose? Yes, I lied about my alibi. That doesn't make me a killer. Asleep, alone. I wasn't there. I've found a small corner in I Thanks. Whose side are you going to be on, Constable? When I tell you the truth, you'll have to choose. I didn't kill him. When he was killed, I was on level twenty one. Check the Cardassian security logs. You'll see a breach on twenty one last night. I'm in the Bajoran underground. I came here to commit acts of sabotage against the Cardassians. Last night, I succeeded. Give the mine workers a little time off at least. I'll describe the device I used if you still don't believe me. If you tell the Cardassians the truth, none of this will matter. I'll be executed for the sabotage. Who cares about Bajorans killing Bajorans when you can hang a rebel. You also transferred a large sum of money into his account two days ago. When did you realise? A colleague of mine was given the job of sabotaging the ore processor. Vaatrik was my responsibility. No. I was here to find the list. The names of the Bajorans who were selling us out. We'd been informed that Vaatrik was their direct link to Dukat. Obviously, I never found the list. But that's what I was looking for in his shop when Vaatrik walked in on me. I didn't have a choice. You were working for the Cardassians. I tried to tell you the truth a hundred times. What you think of me matters a lot. I was afraid. Will you ever be able to trust me the same way again? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
The navigational computer hasn't been working reliably for three days. I ask for the star charts of the Argosian sector, Glessene sector comes up instead. That's when I can coax this system online. That's more like it. You look like you could use some sleep. How different what was? I imagine it must take some getting use to. What's all this, Quark? You cheat your one thousandth customer? I think I'm due back at Ops, but go on, enjoy yourself. [Quark's] Chief? You're the one who could use a little help. I suppose this isn't a good time to tell you that number three turbolift has broken down again. Joking, Chief. What? Chief, you're not making any sense. Chief, wait. Chief! [Infirmary] (O'Brien is having his eyesight checked, apparently) What is that? What's he written? (The PADD says 'Flame the dark true, salt way link, complete strike, limits victory, frosted wake, simple hesitation) What's wrong with him? I've already examine it, Commander. He's been all over the station. That's not possible. All the food on the station is replicated, and all the replicators use biofilters. They automatically screen out contaminants including viruses. According to O'Brien's duty log, the last thing he did before become aphasic was fix the command level replicators. I found it inside the replicator's pattern generator. According to Bashir, it introduced an anomalous programming sequence into the materialisation subroutine. In effect, it built the virus directly into the replicated food at a molecular level. Cardassian sabotage. It has a diboridium core for a power source. That is Cardassian technology. The energy decay of this power core indicates that it dates back to the building of the station. No. More likely they were captured or killed before they could release it. Eighteen years is a long time. Had to be someone in the underground familiar with genetic engineering. How can I find him? Where was he being held? And you have no idea where he is now? Think, Galis. This is important. Locate files on Velos Seven Internment camp. Do you show a record of an inmate named Dekon Elig? Biographical data. Chasing after ghosts. And then? Computer, display Dekon Elig's Certificate of Death. Identify signature of witness. Show me biographical data on Surmak Ren. Computer, establish link with the Bajoran Medical Index for the Northwestern District. Access all information on Doctor Surmak Ren. Try the Northeastern District, same search. Computer, open a channel to the Ilvian Medical Complex. Administrators office. Major Kira Nerys. Bajoran liaison to Deep Space Nine. That depends. On whether or not you helped Dekon Elig plant an aphasia virus here eighteen years ago. Commander? Commander, I think I found our scientist. I don't know. He broke the connection the minute I mentioned the virus. To continue my conversation with Doctor Surmak in person. I am well aware of that, Commander. As a matter of fact, I don't intend to step foot on the planet. Computer, isolate a comm. line to the Ilvian Medical Complex, Administrator's office. Scan office for lifeforms. Lock on and stand by to transport. Hello again, Doctor. Just checking to see you're in your office. Hello again, Doctor. Relax, Doctor, you won't be gone long. [Ops] Fine. But first we need your help. The aphasia virus is spreading through the station. You helped create the virus, didn't you? I am not looking to place blame. All I want is the antidote. Listen, Surmak. I have a station full of dying people, and you are the closest thing there is to an expert on this virus. All right. Then how about helping yourself? Meaning I've been infected with your virus, Doctor. So now you're infected too. [Ops] Kira to Ops. Approaching landing pad seven. Request clearance to initiate docking procedure. Quark? What are you doing in Ops? [Infirmary] Listen, Doctor, I'll be in Ops. If you need me use this string impact. Lot show red intense.
Keiko. (Kira goes over to Dax inside the hexagon.) Have you figured out what this thing is yet? I wonder what this place was like three centuries ago. How do we get Molly back? Well, something tells me the Chief isn't going to stop until he figures it out. Assuming you can get this back online, what then? And pull her back into the present. I'll take him. Come on. Come on. Yes, yes I know. He knows me. I had him inside of me for five months. Oh, I know. I think I might want to have one of my own someday. You're saying that the planet was uninhabited three hundred years ago? An eight year old girl stranded alone on a deserted planet. Poor Molly.
Do you know an Admiral Mitsuya? Well, he's diverting the Crockett to stop at DS Nine day after tomorrow to talk about Cardassian foreign policy? That's odd. No. The Rio Grande. It's not responding to our hails. [Sisko's cubicle] (In a room in the spaceship, Sisko is reading a hand-written book) Where? That's our ship all right. At warp, with no one on board? Signal them affirmative. Runabout pad C. [Field] (The crop looks like bamboo to me) Plotting an intercept course. Once we're abeam, match our speeds exactly and I'll transport over. Sorry, I'm the ranking officer here. You got a better idea? What are you doing? A rope trick. You're suggesting we try to rope the Rio Grande at warp? Once we pull it back to impulse, isn't there a risk that the strain will rip both hulls apart? We're within tractor range. Locking on. (The third try grabs the runabout) All stop. Computer, ready transporter. [Compound] (The people are summoned for an announcement.) No signs of resistance. None of the onboard weapons has been fired. Maybe Sisko and O'Brien beamed off before the ship was boarded. But why would somebody send the runabout off at warp? Why wouldn't they just keep it or destroy it? How can you tell? An F-type star. And missed. Course laid in for the Orellius system. Engaging warp engines. [Alixus's cubicle] (Dehydrated and cramped Sisko is brought it) Kira to Sisko. Are you all right, Commander? Acknowledged.
Right. (O'Brien enters.) What? (stays sitting) Must be some kind of human thing.
Over here, Chief. (O'Brien takes off a panel where the lights are flickering.) Voles, sir. A Cardassian legacy. Be my guest. (Kira and Dax swap places.) But how can you do that without shutting down all the other power systems? How'd it die? Get into your food? Leave? Oh, please say leave. I'd take a Cardassian vole over you any day. (Kira walks away) Chief, the Mekong just came back through the wormhole. They're showing damage. (Quark leaves as Sisko comes out of his office) Recognised as what? What? Under these circumstances, that sounds like a pretty good option to me. Now wait a minute. Single cell microbes are lifeforms too, but Doctor Bashir has a hypospray that will kill them, to say nothing of the voles. How is that possible? You told us that this proto-universe was just formed. Commander, this is only going to delay the inevitable. We already have a solution and the longer we wait the harder it's going be to implement it. I'm sorry, but it's is us or them. We have to destroy it. It's like stepping on ants, Odo. Do you have a better idea? Does anyone? Reading higher levels of neutrino activity. [Runabout Rio Grande] Acknowledged, Rio Grande. May the prophets guide you. [Runabout Rio Grande] (In the wormhole, the containment field is flashing.)
They'd tell you if it weren't. Minister Toran, these people are professionals. And with that in mind, we're due to make our next inspection. [Runabout Ganges] Morn? Are you serious? So what'd you say? Good. What? Not in fifteen delta. All the inhabitants were supposed to have been evacuated by now. Well, I'd better beam down there, take a look around. I won't be long. [Outside the cottage] (A well kept smallholding with a partly built kiln. A man and a woman with alien gardening tools 'capture' Kira) (After the titles, we meet an older man in his doorway - played by Brian Keith, great actor) Neither do I, but it comes with the job. Do we talk, or do they attack? Does that mean I can come in? I'm no Cardassian. You know you were supposed to be out of here by now. I'd rather you didn't call me girl. (She holds the cottage door open) My father always said you get bigger katterpods when you spray in some chlorobicrobes. No but if I don't get on your good side soon, my arm's going to fall off. I'm afraid we don't have the time. Obviously, you were overlooked in the general evacuation. I've got to get you out of here. Wouldn't think of it. What? I'm in no hurry. Kira to Ganges. A man with a talent for delay has just invited me to a farewell supper here. You go on. I'll have one of the thermologists bring me back. (to the woman) You don't talk much. Now look! (smiles) You're trying to make me mad. Not well enough to get rid of me. I'm Major Kira. I'm in charge of evacuating all the Nerys. Mullibok, they begin tapping the core of this moon in seven days. You are only three people. This project is going to benefit thousands, hundreds of thousands. What we're trying to create now is what you weren't allowed to have then. It can be your Bajor, too. You can have a home on Bajor with people to welcome you and your friends. Life'll be different, yes, but it'll be fine. Really. You overpowered the crew yourself? No, no. I want to hear who won. Excuse me? I assume you found some food before you ran out of belt notches. By all means. I can't wait to hear how it ends. Now that is inventive. I believe you. Well, on Bajor, we had to be. We paid them back. Fun? Wait a minute, are you serious? You know what the Cardassians were like, what weapons they had. We didn't stand a chance against them. We beat them because, because we hung on like fanatics. Mullibok, listen to me. I appreciate that you're trying to hang on here. I sympathise, but you can't stay. The minute they start tapping the crust, it'll release carbon and sulphur compounds that'll make the air unbreathable. No. I'll tell them. [Cargo bay] (Nog is inspecting their merchandise, a small device that springs out two rods when pressed.) Is he alone? Even better. [Commander's office] How do we know? All we know is that they obeyed the order to leave. You haven't met Mullibok. Not a thing, believe me. Give us time to work something out with him. If we take him like that, we'll be killing him. But there is another way. We can tap the core using phased energy retrieval. So instead we'll act like Cardassians. That won't be necessary. [Outside the cottage] Mullibok? Mullibok! They have a cottage thirty five, forty metres through there. Now remember, these people were victims of the Cardassians. They don't speak. They're very frightened of uniforms. Understood? If you find them working in the fields, just gather up their clothes and supplies, I guess. We're not going to get their permission. Just be very careful with everything. (The two security men leave, Mullibok come out of his cottage) Protocol. If you like, I'll help you pack your things. That's right. I'm doing what has to be done. Don't make us take you by force. Please! (Mullibok comes out and goes to work on his kiln) I promise you. It won't be so bad. You can plant whatever you want to on Bajor. Stay by yourself if you want to. That's fine. Take some seeds with you for those terrible roots of yours I had to eat. Just listen to reason. What do you mean? This is no time for one of your stories. You know, eventually you're going to have to stop talking, and deal with this. Mullibok. Fine. I'll pack your things myself. No! (Security one shoots Mullibok) You! Beam up to the runabout and call the station. Get Doctor Bashir. Move! [Sisko's quarters] (Nog is doing something clever with a circuit board) Really? No, you're not. I'll be here. (She takes off her tunic) Leave the instructions and whatever medication you think he'll need. (She starts working on the kiln) [Commander's office] It's for deep bruises. Don't ask my why it works. I'm not the doctor. Probably the same thing they're going to do to you. I don't really know. I don't really know. When I was very small, I remember there was this tree right outside my window. It was the ugliest, most gnarled and battered old tree I've ever seen. Even the birds stayed away from it. I hated it. Because it'd grown so huge that its branches blotted out the sun for kellipates. And its roots buried themselves so deep in the soil nothing else could grow there. It was a big, selfish, annoying Nasty, nasty old tree. A lot. I don't know yet. Commander. I don't think that's a good idea. Wait a minute. Don't speak for me. Would you go back to bed. Be quiet. What can I do for you, Commander? I don't think I'm going to be able to help you with that. I know. It's not as simple as that. It's awful. Thank you. Mullibok. Mullibok. Easy. Easy. (She gives him a hypo.) That's right. It's okay. Everything's going to be fine. You were having a bad dream. No. Are you thirsty? Hungry? Go back to sleep. I'd like to get some sleep, too. Is this better? Any pain? That's because I was taking care of you all night. There isn't time. Last one. (The final tile goes into place.) It's finished. You've finished your work, now I have to finish mine. I could use a friend on Bajor. I'd like it to be you. Saving your life. (She takes a fire brand and sets fire to the cottage. It catches frighteningly quickly.) That's not true. The time I've spent with you here has meant so much to me, but it's over. It's time we went on with our lives. Mine and yours. I can't. No, you won't. I won't let you. Two to beam up. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Kira to O'Brien. We have a non-functional power transfer grid on level five. All the upper docking pylons are out of commission. Any evidence of a beam in during those thirteen minutes? Well then how did the killer get in? Two. A Federation survey ship and a Vulcan science vessel. All ships have been informed of the delays, Commander. We've met. Where was this? There isn't a more honourable man on this station than the Constable. You're saying nobody went into the room with him? Wait a minute. Ibudan goes in the holosuite alone, locks the door, nobody transports in, a few minutes later he's murdered. How is that possible? Do you have any kind of an alibi? The killer might have known your regenerative cycle and planned the murder accordingly. Who might want to frame you for murder? I'll send him over there right away. Thank you very much for coming. (Zayra and the deputation leave.) This is wrong. He didn't do it. You're going to relieve him of duty. He has been completely candid about this investigation. He could have covered his tracks a half a dozen times already if he were guilty. Acknowledged. It's going to be harder to control them if numbers keep growing. We can secure all turbolifts, slow down the traffic onto the Promenade. Move on, people. Let's clear the area.
I've never seen anything like that. I've never seen anything like that. She was dead. The tricorder clearly showed Well, I was very impressed, Doctor. I feel privileged to be in your presence. Did anyone ever tell you that you're I'm reading massive energy leakage. Its aft structural integrity field is failing. This is the Federation Ship Rio Grande. We're on our way. [Kobliad transport] (Kira and Bashir beam into a smoky corridor.) Automatic fire suppression must be offline. I'll check the central power linkage. (Bashir sees to a woman lying on the floor.) Power linkages are completely shot. Manoeuvring subsystems are out. I've managed to stabilize the structural integrity field, but I don't know how long it's going to last. We'll have to tow it in. Computer, four to transport. (The unconscious man grabs Bashir by the throat) I'm sorry? So he was coming here to hijack a shipment? I'll get Odo up here. Go ahead. Everything in active memory has been accessed and purged. [Security office] It would make it impossible to use the computers at all. The lighting controls, or the replicators. You know that for certain without having to check? Confirm that each distribution amplifier is at one hundred percent efficiency. If there's more than a point-zero three percent fall off, replace it. And that won't mean a thing if any of the power waveguide outlets fail. Double-check them. I thought he was with you. He has not been here all morning. [Corridor] The Norkova's just come through the wormhole, requesting permission to dock. Number eight. Odo, did you deploy a runabout to escort the Norkova? How come the Rio Grande's going out to meet it. A small ship like a runabout might be able to get close enough to overload their shield generators with directed phaser fire. We used to do it to Cardassian freighters all the time. He's hailing us.
We're taking a big risk coming here. I hope it's worth it. And you're sure you want me around? Kira to Seskal. Get us out of here. [Jem'Hadar Bridge] (The place is on fire.) Seskal? Seskal? Seskal? Seskal, do you read me? We've got to get out of here. Damar, do you know any place we can go? We can't stay here. [Cellar] (An old woman leads them down a flight of steps.) We need to contact the other resistance cells and warn them about Revok. Is there any way you can get us a comm. unit? You heard the lady. At least they're not looking for us. It doesn't matter how they did it! It's done! Now, we've got to find a way to get off Cardassia. Garak, can we use that thing to contact the Federation? Well, we've got to do something! We are not spending the rest of the war in this cellar, are we! Are we? [Quark's quarters] (Brunt is giving Quark a pedicure.) What are they saying? How stupid we were for walking into a Dominion trap? I wonder why they refuse to believe you're dead? What if it's more than that? What if we had more of an impact than we realised? What if we turned you into a legend? Don't you see? People want to believe in you. We can use that. Yes, the organised resistance is gone, but there's an entire civilian population out there that is fed up with living under the occupation. And if Damar, the man they couldn't kill, tells the people of Cardassia to rise up against the Dominion Where's the closest Jem'Hadar barracks? [Dominion briefing room] (Doorbell) He's been in there too long. Something's wrong. (Garak comes out of the barracks.) The detonator only had a three minute delay. The bomb could go off any second now. We have to do something. (Kira moves away.)
Captain, why are you transmitting on a Bajoran frequency? Everything here is fine. There's been no sign of Dominion activity. It's acting normally again. It stopped opening and closing at random not long after you left. If any Dominion ships did sneak through, they're not giving us any trouble. They've raised their shields and powered up their phasers. Looks like they won't take no for an answer. [Leyton's office] The Lakota's targeting their weapons on our warp engines. We're in weapons range. Can we cloak? They're trying to disable our engines. They're in worse shape. One good hit will probably finish them. It's either them or us.
That's three in the last three weeks. Well that's not funny. What do you want, Julian, a war? Thank you. (Kira leaves)
Vedek Porta. Haven't you ever been to Ops? I think he'll be able to fit you in. Oh, I'm glad to. [Captain's office] Vedek Porta's here with a young couple that just got married. They're hoping to get the Emissary's blessing. Kira to Sisko. You'd better get out here. There's something coming through the wormhole. [Ops] (A battered solar sail ship, like the one Sisko built, is arriving.) I don't know where it came from. According to remote sensors it never entered the wormhole. No response. Who are you? That was over two hundred years ago. Akorem Laan, the poet? You wrote Kitara's Song and The Call of the Prophets. You're considered one of the greatest poets of Bajor. Every schoolchild can recite Gaudaal's Lament from memory. That's right. Bajor used to have a strict caste system. A person's work was dictated by what family they were born into. When the Cardassians occupied Bajor we gave up the D'jarras so that we could fight them. We all became soldiers. For over fifty years. The Emissary's first public appearance? I wouldn't miss it. Why? Akorem Laan was, is a great man. He's been with the Prophets for over two hundred years, and now they've sent him back to us. Well, he made it clear he wants to step aside. No. I don't know. What do you want from me, Odo? I don't see it as a contradiction. That's the thing about faith. If you don't have it, you can't understand it, and if you do, no explanation is necessary. (Akorem and Porta come out of the Temple below, to a lectern set up for the occasion.) I guess I'll have to take my raktajino with me. (A Bajoran woman stands up.) You're not finished. You don't have to get up for me. I guess I'll have to start getting used to being treated like that. That's different. You'd earned the right to be treated with respect. I haven't done anything. I have some questions, sure. The Emissary is asking something very difficult of us, but we have to have faith that he's guiding us toward something. It's not our place to question the Emissary. Maybe you never realised this, Captain, but we would've tried to do whatever you asked of us when you were Emissary, no matter how difficult it seemed. I'd better get to Ops. [Sisko's quarters] (Sisko wakes from a bad dream.) [Promenade] (Everywhere is closed and quiet. There's the sound of a wind then it goes dark.) But I can tell I have no aptitude for it. How can you say that? I was up half the night. I have a flock of flightless birds in my quarters. The four-shift rotation also seems to be improving performance. Less mistakes due to fatigue. I was wondering if in the next few days you would have the time to meet with Major Jatarn. Is something wrong, sir? That bad? That's not fair. It's not your fault. Maybe I could talk to First Minister Shakaar about sending Starfleet a communiqué explaining Sir. We can talk about that another time. I think he'd make an excellent First Officer. As soon as you find someone to take my post, I'm going to resign my commission. I'm planning to move back to the Dahkur province, There are a lot of artists who live in the capital and I have a friend there who's willing to apprentice me. I'm sorry. The last thing I want to do is add to your problems, but this is something I have to do. If you don't hit it off with Major Jatarn, I can think of a few other people. It shouldn't be that hard to find someone to replace me. I don't know yet. (A monk is lying on the ground.) They prepare the dead for burial. You are the Sisko. They have no meaning to us. [Promenade] It limits them. He was injured. The Sisko taught us that for you, what was, can never be again. We still can. I want you to have this. It's an original Kira Nerys. Could be very valuable one day. I thought your speech went very well yesterday. It was the right thing to do. Just about everyone was relieved to hear it. (O'Brien and Bashir come down the stairs in Irish warrior costume.) Oh, that's one of my favourites. It's a shame he never finished it. This is confusing. The last time I read this poem it ended after the twelfth stanza. If the timeline's been changed, then why do I remember things the way they used to be?
Good morning, Captain. Do you know how much I hated saying, Good morning, Dukat. USS Potemkin has completed her repairs and is rejoining the fleet later today. Exeter, Sutherland and Akagi have submitted resupply requests, and there are about a thousand messages from Starfleet Command awaiting your eyes only attention. General Martok is waiting in your office. Thought you would. Once or twice. [Captain's office] No offence, Jadzia, but it seems like this wedding is all about what Worf wants. Habitat ring, section fifty one gamma. What about you? Worf? So that's why you're letting him make the plans for the wedding? I didn't notice. We've been avoiding each other ever since the Dominion left the station. I think we're both afraid of talking about what happened during the occupation. To tell you the truth, it's nothing I want to talk about right now either. [Briefing room] (Smaller than the wardroom, with just a table, chairs and big wall screen.) News travels fast. I'm sure you're welcome, and you can tell Nog the same goes for him too. Oh, I understand congratulations are in order to our newest published author. Nothing. There they go. (Bashir, Alexander, Sisko and O'Brien with staves and robes.) They look so serious. Like what? Isn't that great? (Dax is on bongos.) He's unbelievable! Oh, there was a scuffle between Morn and one of the Bolians, but they worked it out. (Morn and the Bolian are doing a chest-butting dance.) This party will continue until further notice, on the personal authority of the station's First Officer, who just happens to be me. Yeah, well, it's a good party. Odo. Odo, I think we have a lot to talk about. So let's talk. Don't you think we've put it off long enough? Let's find someplace a little quieter. (Another fire dance has finished.) Hi. In the morning? I'm on duty. It was a great party.
Ops to Captain Sisko. The Defiant is ready for departure. Sir, the latest casualty reports have just been posted. Including the troops lost at AR five five eight, seventeen hundred and thirty. That's a lot of names.
Yamok sauce. Who'd bother to smuggle in ten thousand wrappages of Cardassian yamok sauce? Oh. Quark. That little worm, he thinks the Cardassians are going to retake the station. I don't care. You decide. What do you mean? Ah, it's a long story. Odo has feelings for me. The kind that aren't easy to talk about. Since I don't know. Years. I just found out about it last month. It does? Neither did I. [Captain's office] (Nog brings in a mug.) Which means if the Dominion attacks, they just sit by and do nothing. My people will never sign that treaty, or any other agreement with the Dominion. What did Starfleet Command say? And how soon will they get here? What we've got isn't enough. What's Starfleet thinking? They must have given you a reason for denying your request. And? What could be more important than defending this station? And when the attack comes? You wanted to see me, Constable? You really think that's necessary? I'll see what I can do. What's that? I've been expecting something like this. You've looked a little uncomfortable yourself. That's probably a good idea. So, for now, all we need to concern ourselves with is deploying the minefield, maintaining station security and preparing ourselves for a possible invasion. I'll contact the Bajoran Militia, see if they can spare a few ships. As a Starfleet Captain or as the Emissary of the Prophets? That'll get their attention. They're still debating it in the Council of Ministers. It'll never pass. You want Bajor to sign a treaty with the Dominion? Why? We've succeeded. Captain, as a Major in the Bajoran Militia, I must officially protest Starfleet's refusal to turn over this station to my government. Good. Now that that's over with, Kira Nerys reporting for duty. [Jem'Hadar battleship] They're preparing for another attack. The Dominion fleet is regrouping. And I'm detecting another wave of enemy ships entering Bajoran space. Contact the Dominion fleet. Tell them the Bajoran government welcomes them to Deep Space Nine. Good. That's the last message this station will be sending out for a while. Computer, initiate programme Sisko one nine seven. Dukat wanted the station back, he can have it. [Quark's] (Morn is on his barstool.) Gentlemen. On behalf of the Bajoran government I officially welcome you to Deep Space Nine.
We never cared what we did, as long as it annoyed the grown-ups. All inner deflector shield sub-systems are showing equal intensity. Er, which you are you talking about? Open a channel. On screen. Welcome to DS Nine. I'm Major Kira Nerys. Docking port six is clear for approach. Commander, I'd like to go down to the Infirmary and meet that patient. The only cases of Kalla-Nohra I know of were the result of a mining accident at a Bajoran forced labour camp I helped liberate. The survivors of Gallitep have always been a symbol to us of strength and courage. Kira to Odo. I'm in the Infirmary. I need security here on the double. Your patient is a criminal. (The Cardassian make a run for it) [Promenade] (Straight into the arms of Bajoran security) Lock him up. Then give it to him in his cell. He's not just any Cardassian. He's a war criminal. [Security office] I don't care if he's listed or not. Commander, I know what I've done isn't exactly policy. It may not even be legal. But it's right. I'm charging him with having contracted Kalla-Nohra. The only way he could have contracted that condition was to have served at the Gallitep labour camp at the time of the mining accident. Commander, if you'd been there twelve years ago when we liberated that camp, if you'd seen the things I saw. All those Bajoran bodies starved, brutalised. Do you know what Cardassian policy was? Oh, I'm not even talking about the murder. Murder was just the end of the fun for them. First came the humiliation, mothers raped in front of their children, husbands beaten till their wives couldn't recognise them, old people buried alive because they couldn't work anymore. I'll come with you. Kira to Sisko. Commander, there's an incoming transmission for you from Bajor. It's the Minister of State. Actually, I was just about to pay a visit to our friend Marritza. Why? Minister Kaval put me in charge. And the Federation has no right telling us how to deal with our criminals. You think this is all some personal vendetta on my part, don't you? You're right, I'm not objective. But I'm your first officer, and I give you my word I will conduct myself accordingly. You once said we were friends. I'm asking you now as a friend, please, let me conduct this investigation. I owe it to them. That's right. The ones who moved too slowly and never moved again. I'm asking for all the Bajorans who can't ask. Let a Bajoran do this. Thank you. [Security office] Constable. Keep looking. I'll be with the prisoner if you need me. [Holding cell] I'm glad you're enjoying it. I hope it won't disturb your dinner if I ask you a few questions. I'll ask them anyway. This is my job. You claim you were never at Gallitep. And that your illness is not Kalla-Nohra. Again false. Our doctor confirmed you do have Kalla-Nohra, which means you were at Gallitep. If your lies are going to be this transparent, it's going to be a very short interrogation. What was your rank at Gallitep? What were your duties? Just answer the question. I'll risk it. Filing clerk? I hope we don't keep you waiting long. I never heard of a filing clerk becoming an instructor at a military academy. And what did you teach? I can verify that. I still think you're a liar. You admit you worked under Gul Darhe'el. I take it then you witnessed the atrocities. You expect me to believe you knew nothing of the murders, the tortures? You never saw the bodies? You're saying Bajorans killed each other? I helped liberate that camp. I saw the bodies. I know how they died. Which was? Turned out we weren't so helpless. We did get rid of you. I can't do that. Answers. Marritza says I don't care about the truth. That all I want is vengeance. All I want is to see him punished. That's just it. I don't want him to be a file clerk. I want him to be, I don't know, something worse. As far as I'm concerned, if he was at Gallitep, he is guilty. They're all guilty. His punishment will let Bajor feel some satisfaction. Only one. It's the only picture they could find of Gallitep that had Marritza in it. The Cardassians destroyed almost all records of the occupation. I suppose you'll let him go. It's not him. It can't be. That's him. That's Marritza. What do you mean? I know all your secrets now. What did you do? Did you kill the real Marritza so you could take his place? Well, you'll pay for that death and all the others you're responsible for. That's my only regret. But I'll settle for knowing that Bajor will finally have the satisfaction of punishing The Butcher of Gallitep. I'll let you wonder about that. It'll keep you occupied while we're waiting for the provisional government to prepare your war crimes tribunal. The Bajorans were a peaceful people before you came. We offered no threat to you. We could never understand why you had to be so brutal. Thank you, but I think I've heard enough of your lies. You're insane. You admit your atrocities. Make sure you tell that to the tribunal. Then they'll sentence you to death. What is it? You know, Odo, I wonder how many others like Darhe'el are still out there, still free, unpunished. You should've heard him. He bragged about what happened at Gallitep. The torture, the murders, the humiliation. He's proud of about what he did to us. I don't want to lie down. That's what he'd like. Another Bajoran hiding in a corner. He's probably in there laughing at me right now. I hate him, Odo. I hate his smirking, superior Cardassian face. When I was fighting with the resistance, we used to lie awake at night plotting the assassination of men like Darhe'el. Now I have to stand there and listen to him belittle the Shakaar and everything it stood for. I didn't. I don't know, he was an important military leader. To have another little chat with Gul Darhe'el. (Kira leaves) How did you know I was with the Shakaar? Just answer the question. And I'm supposed to believe you remembered my name from some report you read years ago? Hardly. Your questions don't interest me. I was twelve when I started fighting but I've heard of some who were even younger than that. I didn't keep count. Look, I regret a lot of what I had to do. We had no choice! We were fighting for survival! Nothing justifies genocide. Commander, I guarantee you that's a forged document. I think it's pretty clear what's going on here. The Cardassians are trying trick us into letting him go. The man in there confessed he is Gul Darhe'el. Of course he does. More evidence from our trustworthy Gul Dukat. I can't believe I'm listening to this. All right, all right. So like any criminals, he wanted to move on before somebody traced his whereabouts. Wait a minute. Let's be clear about one thing. This evidence may raise some interesting questions. Nevertheless, Darhe'el is going to be sent back to Bajor to stand trial for the atrocities he committed. Then go talk to him. If you still have any doubts, just listen to what he has to say. He was there. He did it. He'll tell you about it. (Bashir enters) You're saying he changed his face to look like Gul Darhe'el. How are you feeling? I was referring to your Kalla-Nohra Syndrome. Would you like see Doctor Bashir? I'm beginning to understand a great deal about you. One thing does puzzle me. How you contracted Kalla-Nohra syndrome. So you're saying you were at Gallitep when that mining accident occurred? Because your own progress reports shows that you were back on Cardassia at the time of the accident. Receiving your Proficient Service Medallion. I can show them to you. Why were you taking a dermal regenerative? Then let me help you. Five years ago when you first got to Kora Two Why did you have your face altered? Why are you pretending to be Gul Darhe'el? If you felt that way about your filing clerks, why did you take Marritza's name? You're Marritza, aren't you? The Butcher of Gallitep died six years ago. You're Aamin Marritza, his filing clerk. I'm letting you go. You didn't commit those crimes, and you couldn't stop them. You were only one man. Why are you doing this? What you're asking for is another murder. Enough good people have already died. I won't help kill another. [Promenade] (Odo is following, keeping guard) You should be back on Kora Two in three days. We've contacted officials there. They'll be waiting to help you. What you tried to do was very honourable. If Cardassia is going to change, it's going to need people like you. (Kainon runs up behind Marritza and stabs him in the back. Odo grabs Kainon. Marritza dies in Kira' arms.) Why? He wasn't Darhe'el! Why? No! It's not. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
What was that all about?
I didn't really do anything. I was in the Bajoran shrine, meditating, and he burst in stark naked, and fell to his knees crying out to the Prophets for protection. Why did he hit you? Think harder. What exactly was it that you were talking to him about? Go ahead. I'll be right there. Probably wants to warn us that the first wave of Jem'Hadar is on the way. (Kira leaves) You make it sound so easy. You sure you don't want me to send the Defiant. Maybe, but I'd feel a hell of a lot better if you weren't out there alone. My earring clip. Where'd you find it? You must've searched every crawlspace in the central core. And doing it with style. What was that all about?
Now that you have another pip on your collar, does that mean I can't disagree with you anymore? We'll see about that. Weapons ready. The closest one is the Ulysses. They're studying protoplanetary masses in the Helaspont Nebula. Yes, sir. [Jefferies tube] (There are a load of extra cables behind a panel. One is growing to make a new connection as they look at it.) Might as well do me next. It's a changeling. The weapons array has activated. The phaser banks are charging and we've got photon torpedoes online and ready to launch. If you ask me, the Tzenkethi are doing a pretty good job of that all by themselves. Well then right now the changeling could be anything or anyone on this ship. The changeling's very clever. Taking out Dax makes O'Brien's job a lot harder. And if we see anyone without a partner? All right. Let's go. Don't you trust me? I know exactly how you feel. Follow me. [Jefferies tube] (Eddington fires a shot along the tube ahead.) Put your phaser down. It's me, Kira. We were on our way to meet you and we got separated for a second. The next thing I know, he opens fire. I didn't see anyone. Maybe he morphed into the ventilation system. Or maybe he didn't. For all we know, you may be the changeling. You heard him. (Odo disarms the Bolian and hits him.) It reverts back to a gelatinous state. I'll go. Try not to look so surprised. You'd better come with us. [Corridor] Do as he says. (Bang! The door opposite opens and the occupant shouts through the forcefield.) We've altered course. Our new heading is zero one five mark four seven. We're headed directly for the Tzenkethi settlement on M'kemas Three. Twelve minutes. This is First Officer Kira Nerys. Auto-destruct authorisation Kira beta two beta. The shuttlebay doors are sealed. The evacuation pods are locked down. We have no way out. This is Kira Nerys, First Officer. I concur. Odo, are you all right?
Raka ja ut. Shala morala. Ema bo roo kana. Uranak. Ralanon Bareil. Propeh va nara ehsuk. Shala kan vunek. (Doorbell) Enter. It's all right. It's called a duranja. It's a lamp for the dead. I was just praying for Bareil. What can I do for you? Kalem Apren? How? Well, I just met him once, but he seemed like he was a good man. How soon will they appoint someone to replace him? Yes. Oh, it's this whole thing with Kai Winn. I was just trying to get used to her as spiritual leader of Bajor and now she's running the government, Odo? Well I'm beginning to think that you and I are the only ones who feel that way. No one's is opposing her in next month's elections. She is going to be elected the First Minister for the next six years and no one seems to care. That's part of it. This is about the future of Bajor. I can't shake the feeling that giving Winn control of the government is a mistake and she should be stopped. I don't know. Maybe, maybe I'm afraid that if she's given power, she's never going to let go. Bareil made peace with Cardassia. I don't care what her popular image is. She is no hero. The only thing that she cares about is her own power. Why can't people see that? We spent so many years fighting the Cardassians. We spent so much time hoping and praying for a Bajor that was free. Now that we won, how can people just hand their freedom over to someone like Winn? Bo roo kana uranak. Ralanon Bareil. Propeh va nara ehsuk. Shala kan. (Doorbell) Yes? Eminence. Yes. Does Commander Sisko know you're aboard the station? Me? It's for Vedek Bareil, actually. I loved him. Is that why you never mention Bareil's name when you talk about your peace treaty with Cardassia? As I recall, he's the one who negotiated it. What is it you want, Eminence? It's a farming community. It's very interesting, but what does it have to do with me? I understand. Shakaar? That's right. You want me to go up against a man who saved my life countless times for you? I know Shakaar. He's one of the most selfless people I have ever met. He must have a good reason for what he's done. I'll talk to him, but I can't guarantee that he'll listen to me. You let yours grow. I was thinking the same thing about you. It's good to see you, too. Not really. Furel and Lupaza? You still see them? Those two are farmers? Now you, yes, that's all you ever talked about. But Lupaza? How did that happen? Shakaar, before they get here we should talk. I'm here on business. All right. [Quark's] (A darts match is finishing with O'Brien getting another bull.) I found your tracks the next day. You'd been walking in circles. Furel, if you don't mind my asking, why haven't you? So why didn't you do it? You know this business with the reclamators isn't going to just go away, Shakaar. Definitely not. I think you should reconsider. I know what you're trying to do here, and I know how difficult it's been. We have to think about what's best for Bajor. The Rakantha project is important. If they can get it underway, Bajor could start exporting goods again. It could start to change the way the rest of the galaxy looks at us. They'll stop seeing us as poor refugees and start seeing us as equals. There must be a way to reach some kind of compromise here I don't know, but maybe if you and the Kai would sit down and talk together, maybe you can reach some kind of agreement. Some way of sharing the equipment more fairly. If I could arrange a meeting between the two of you, would you at least agree to sit down talk with her about it? It might not, but it's a place to start. I might do that. We talked. He's not ready to return them yet. When the topsoil in Dahkur Province has been restored and readied for planting. Another six months. I realise that, and I know how important the Rakantha project is, which is why I've arranged a meeting between the two of you. Yes. To work out a compromise. If you just hear him out and look at the work they've been able to accomplish in Dahkur in just two months, you'll see how important this is to them. I'm sure there's a way to resolve this situation so that both Rakantha and Dahkur can benefit. Yes, but it wouldn't have mattered if I were there on behalf of the Prophets themselves. He wasn't about to just give up the equipment. Shakaar is not an unreasonable man. He's desperate. They all are. You should see what they're up against. The condition of the soil, the harsh weather. I'm sure if you talk to him, you'll be able to work out a compromise. So I can tell him that you'll discuss it with him? But I can still serve as an intermediary between you and Shakaar. Shakaar, you have to be flexible. I'm not sure this is a fight you can win. Wait a minute. On whose authority? She lied to me. We have to get out of here. I am home, Shakaar, and I have been lied to by Kai Winn for the last time. She wants a fight, I'll give her one. [Caves] (The gang are opening their cache of weapons.) Who? I'm not so sure about that. Some of them were in the Resistance too. They might not give up so easily. I've almost got it. (Kira keeps working a piece of machinery.) I got it. (She plants the device in the ground.) I've projected the false life signs about seven hundred metres past that ravine. It'll take them about an hour to cover that distance, and another fifteen to realise what's happened. Half of them are from Dahkur Province. They know this terrain almost as well as we do. We could take Serpent's Ridge up to Ratosha Pass, head for Lonar Province. I don't think we have much choice. I'm not sure we can keep up this pace. They won't, either. Not with that dampening field in place. I think I recognise that man. The colonel. That's Lenaris Holem. I met him at a reception in the Capital about a year ago. I can't. I'm sorry. Kira Nerys. Stop! No one shoot! No one shoot! Well we'd better find a way to make it possible, because the next time someone starts shooting, we won't be able to stop it. And I'm not talking about today. I'm talking about tomorrow and the next day and the next. I am talking about the beginning of a civil war. It's no joke. Shakaar is going to enter the election and you are going to lose. No, it's a free election. If you want to run, go ahead. But if you do, this entire incident is going to be made public. And when the people know the real facts, when they know you risked a civil war over a couple of pieces of farm equipment, they're never going to trust you again. You'll still be Kai, the spiritual leader of Bajor. But your days in this office are numbered. So if I were you, I'd start packing. [Quark's] (O'Brien is testing his arm at the dart board.) One or two, but Shakaar's popularity is growing so fast I don't think anyone can catch him at this point. She's trying to make the best of it. She even put out a statement of support for Shakaar. Ow. You know, I used to enjoy sleeping on the ground. It's good to be back, sir.
You want me to go behind enemy lines and teach a bunch of Cardassians how to be resistance fighters? But to work with Damar? When he killed Ziyal, he murdered an innocent girl that I considered a part of my family. Yes, sir. I understand that Damar and his men went into hiding after the attack on Rondac. Any idea how to locate them? Garak? Damar and Garak. It should be an interesting mission. [Infirmary] Good news. Garak was able to contact Damar. So with your permission, I'd like to depart first thing tomorrow. Well if he wants to defeat the Dominion he's going to have to put his personal feelings aside. A Bajoran with the authority to speak on behalf of the Federation. I'm only willing to go so far. Damar's men are just going to have to get used to the idea of having me around. Are you sure about this? He doesn't have any symptoms. We have to get you back to the station. Odo. Thank you, Julian. (Transmission ends.) Yes, it has. A Resistance organisation is structured into cells, autonomous groups of ten to twenty people. That way if anyone gets captured, their ability to compromise the organisation is limited. They can't be forced to name names that they don't know. We have to decentralise your operation. Having all your men in one place is just too risky. And if you stay in one place, they can wipe out your entire Resistance movement in one attack. Smaller groups are safer. They're harder to track down. Good. Now, Odo and Garak have been looking over your intelligence reports and they came up with a list of vulnerable facilities for us to target. If necessary, yes. Believe me, I understand how you feel. During the occupation, I didn't want to attack any facility that had a Bajoran working in it. But I did it. Because they were collaborators. They were working with the enemy. Well then you might as well just give up right now. Because the minute that the Dominion realises that you will not attack your own people, they will station a Cardassian at every base they have. Anyone who's not fighting with you, is fighting against you. Replicated. You don't have to answer that. If you want to provoke an argument. What are you getting at? Odo wasn't a collaborator. I guess we have a difference of opinion. (Kira walks away, and Odo follows her.) You want to knock over some supplies, be my guest. I don't need you to remind me of that. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's just so hot in here. I don't. I'm going to go see if I can find a cooling unit. It's all right. I promise I won't hit anyone. You're not going to believe this. Damar actually had a cooling unit waiting for us. What's wrong? Don't worry. I'm going to keep a cool head. Assuming of course I can get this thing to work. [Winn's office] (Night time. The door opens.)
Ops to Bashir. The Yellowstone has just docked at airlock fourteen, Doctor. Open. No reply. Understood. Energising. [Runabout Orinoco]
I'm Major Kira Nerys, and I'd like to welcome you to Deep Space Nine. This is our strategic operations officer, Commander Worf, and this is our science officer, Commander Dax. You know that woman? Lela Dax, that's right. No, no. Audrid, then Torias. Right. But Torias was killed in a shuttle accident. It's a little more complicated than that, Quark. Did Dax teach you that? One thing I don't understand is why Dax and Lenara can't just pick up where they left off. I mean, if they're still in love with each other. Rules? Unnatural? How can it be unnatural for a married couple to resume their marriage? I don't understand how two people who've fallen in love, and made a life together, can be forced to just walk away from each other because of a taboo. There must be some Trill who have reassociated with people from their past lives. And what happened? That means the symbionts would never be joined to a new host. What do Klingons dream about? I can never tell when he's joking.
The Defiant searched the area for almost six hours. We couldn't find any sign of survivors. You knew Captain Swofford a long time. Patrolling the Cardassian borders is getting more and more dangerous. You never know when you're going to run into a squadron of Jem'Hadar fighters. I never believed that and neither did you. Ah, Mister Sisko. How do you like our station so far? You know what, Benny? I like this Major of yours. She's a tough cookie.
Ferengi transport Sepulo has put in at docking bay five. My advice is to lock up the silverware.
How many people were at the conference? Go back, and show him what you showed us. Twelve hours ago. I suppose so. I guess I am. Part of me was hoping that the Prophets were behind it. That they were finally going to show themselves to the Bajoran people. I suppose your gods aren't as cryptic as ours. I don't think I'll ever understand Klingons.
So, how small are they? I see. And then they'll begin to shrink? No, sir. It's very important research. What? I'm not laughing. Just because we are shrinking three people to the size of coffee cups. (And collapses in hysterical laughter.) Now is it my imagination, or did the kid just cover for him? I wonder what it feels like. [Runabout Rubicon] Radiation from the vortex must have masked their warp signature. We're a sitting duck as long as we're tethered to the runabout. Shield generators and impulse engines are offline, sir. Warp engines, too. (Bang and Kira's knocked out. A squad of Jem'Hadar beam in.) Thanks. That's enough. He's just trying to tell you If they restore warp power, we'll be analysing them from inside a Dominion prison camp. Realigning the dilithium articulation frame. It'll take longer to explain, than just to do it my All right. Start by decoupling the lateral microbrace. [Runabout Rubicon] (As the ship gains altitude, a Jem'Hadar working on a console looms into view right next to them.) Until I tell you to stop. Thanks. All right, I'm ready to connect the deuterium injector. Go to the plasma relay and power it up, but slowly just like I showed you. (The Jem'Hadar bows and moves away. Sisko comes over.) I'm about ten minutes away from initiating the prestart sequence on the warp drive. How's Nog doing? (beep) Too fast! Reinitialise the system and start again, but do it at about half the speed this time. He's not stupid. He's already got the entire command and control system committed to memory. I can't keep him fooled forever. What kind of odds are you giving? [Corridor] (Kudak'Etan thinks he can hear something, but can't see it. Rubicon was right behind his head. He goes through another door.) Has Nog made any progress? At least we're going to take them with us. Aye, sir.
A little. No, no, no. Coffee should be a little too hot to drink right away. It slows down the experience, gives you time to savour the taste. Odo, I know you don't need to eat but did you ever try anyway? And? Messy? Tiron. As I recall, you were the one doing all the talking. Oh, no. Stay. This is Tiron, a business associate of Quark's. This is Odo, my lover. I'm a lucky woman. Oh, money doesn't matter. All we need is each other. Isn't that right, sweetheart? You see? Money isn't everything. Oh, good riddance. Thank you, Odo. I wish you'd been around last night. I'd better get back to Ops. See you later, sweetheart. Commander's log, stardate 48423.2. Despite the continuing threat posed by the Dominion, I've convinced Starfleet that we must continue our exploration of the Gamma Quadrant. [Bridge] Quark, I got a message that Morn wanted to see me. Quark, I don't have time for this. (A Bajoran walks past) Why don't you make him your one millionth customer. That never stopped you before. You mean I won something? I've never won anything before. Are you really serious about this. A visit to a holosuite? That's perfect. It's Ensign Quintana's birthday. He'd love a free trip to the holosuite. Oh, you know how I feel about the holosuites, Quark. But thanks for the champagne. (And Kira heads for the dabo wheel.) [Bridge] Odo? Looks to me like he's pointing it at both of us. What do you think you're doing, Quark? Then what's this? You're trying to take a holo-scan of me and I want to know why. They want to work with me? Then let them apply to the Bajoran Military Academy. That way I can be sure everyone in Ops will be wearing their uniform. Let me put it another way. If I ever catch you pointing a holo-imager at me again, you will end up eating it. You wanted to see me? Mine? Well, let me guess. Quark. With all this information he'd have no problem generating a holo-image of me. No. I have a better idea. Can you spare a few hours? I'd like to prepare a little surprise for Quark. [Village square] (Under the night sky, Deral is getting a shoulder massage from Dax.) Another satisfied customer, Quark? [Transporter room]
Thank you, Mavek. [Jem'Hadar cavern] (The Vorta is lying on a ledge as the Jem'Hadar tend the camp fire.) It's only four hundred and how did you hear about that? The official announcement isn't scheduled until tomorrow. Ever since the war started, Bajor's been completely cut off from all outside trade. We've had nowhere to turn for things like spare parts or medical supplies. Nowhere, except the Dominion. So a group of Facilitators is going to Bajor for a few months to provide some technical assistance. Are you finished? The what? I'll talk to Yassim. I think this interview is over. You'll get no argument from me there, Vedek. But protests and demonstrations aren't going to change anything. They're just going to cause trouble for everyone. I don't think there's anything you or the other Vedeks can do right now. Fighting isn't an option. This is different than the Cardassian occupation. We're talking about unarmed Vorta facilitators. They come in, they do their job, and they're gone. Vedek, you just don't understand. Anything yet? What about Yassim? Let's hope she doesn't. The last thing I want to do is start arresting Bajoran civilians here on the Promenade. (Jake arrives with his PADD.) I don't think there's going to be any story here for you today, Jake. Well, it certainly doesn't look like it. Thank you, Mavek. (She is about to take a drink when she looks around at the Jem'Hadar and Cardassians she is working with, and leaves.) [Jem'Hadar cavern] (Surgery is complete.) I keep going over it and over it in my mind, and I can't believe that I stood down there ready to use force to stop a protest against the Dominion. Me. When I was in the Resistance I despised people like me. I'm a collaborator, Odo. We used to have a saying in the Resistance. If you're not fighting them, you're helping them. Half the Alpha Quadrant is out there right now, fighting for my freedom, but not me. What am I doing? Eating a full meal every day, sleeping in a soft bed, I even write reports for the murderers who run this station. Odo, I'm not pointing a finger at you. I'm the one who told you to get more involved in the first place. No, this is about me. This is about being able get up in the morning and look in the mirror every morning and not feel nauseated by what I see. Yassim was right. I have to do something. I have to start to fight back. Odo, I don't want to end up fighting you, too, but if I have to, I will.
(a bottle) Is that a bottle opener? Very thoughtful. [Quark's] (The bar is piled high with food and drink, including a roast turkey with trimmings. Morn's portrait is propped up at the end. Quark is with his waiting staff.) Every now and then, Quark really surprises me.
Captain Boday? You want me to bring Captain Boday to your quarters for dinner? It's a bad suggestion. Number one, you used to go out with Captain Boday. Number two, Worf hates him. And number three, and we have discussed many times, Captain Boday has a transparent skull. Ops. [Turbolift] True. But his eye bothers me. The middle one. And sometimes your taste in men frightens me. [Ops] I'm not ready for that. Odo's not ready for that. Let's just forget that you brought that one up. Two raktajinos, extra strong, and a kava roll. I'm coming to dinner alone, got it? I'll bring the wine. Are you hurt? (The man turns and points a disrupter at Kira. OMG look who it is!) It can't be. (After the opening titles, Bareil is holding Kira as a shield, but she's staying as limp as possible.) Then we walk. [Corridor] There is no Alliance here. So I take it you're running from the Alliance. So once you get your ship, what then? I can believe that. I've spent some time in your universe. That way. Fifty seven. Here we are. Landing pad A. I've got a better idea. Why don't you hand over that disruptor? You're not going to kill me. You're not going to kill anyone. Not with that disruptor. Power cell's cracked. Since we left Ops. I needed the exercise. I'm fine. I'm glad you're comfortable. Now, you mind telling me where you got hold of this? A multidimensional transporter device. Nice gift. Meaning what? There was. He's dead. Does that matter? Why? Sorry, I can't do that. That's right. I don't think Bareil ever intended to hurt me. No. He doesn't want to go back to that universe and I don't blame him. Captain, I know this man is not Vedek Bareil. He doesn't talk like him, he doesn't act like him. He's a totally different person. It's not a problem. What are you going to do now? Is that where you intend to go? It's because the man that you look like was loved and respected by a lot of people. He was a Vedek. A religious leader. Glad you find it funny. I'm going to be late for services. Well, now's your chance. You're welcome to join me. I can understand that. [Shrine] (The acolytes process in with the incense and Bareil sneaks in afterwards. A woman moves over to let him kneel next to Kira.) What are you doing here? That's not funny. The Orb of Prophecy and Change. A gift from the Prophets. It can foresee the future, or a possible future anyway. Our gods. You do have gods, don't you? You don't sound too sure. So, what did you think? But what? What's wrong with that? That doesn't sound like much of a life. Bareil. Do you like Klingon food? [Dax + Worf's quarters] What do you think now, Worf? Why is that? They liked you. Why do you sound so surprised? You must have had friends back home. If you'd rather not to talk about it. I'm sorry. This is home. I'm sorry the evening has to end on such a sad note. Would you like to come in? Have a raktajino? [Kira's quarters] Don't tell me you stole it? I come from Dahkur Province, only here it's all farmland. And you decided to take her away from all that. Maybe you did. I know what it's like to lose someone. Two days ago, all I wanted was to be alone. Don't you think it's time you called me Nerys? (And they kiss) [Kira's bedroom] (Next morning, bare-chested Antos is eating something in bed.) Alvas. They grow all over Bajor. I can't believe you're still hungry. After a big Klingon meal, I usually don't eat for two days. Nothing. Fortunately, you're not anything like him. Antos was very disciplined. He had a strict routine he never deviated from. He only ate two meals a day. Simple food. He used to say, when you overindulge the body How did you know that? I would've given my life to save his. But all I could do was stand there and watch his slip away. Not any more. Sounds good. [Ops] You mean dinner? We had a great time. Why? It went well. Goodbye, Doctor. Worf, any news from General Martok's scout ships? Let's hope it stays that way. At the Bajoran Shrine. He's going to have his first Orb experience. No, actually it was his. He's curious about Bajoran spirituality. It's a new concept for him. He'll be here. Now stop pacing. This is an Orb experience, not an execution. That's sweet, but I'm not going to judge you. You don't have to say or do anything. Actually, it's more like the Orb stares into you. Well that's a change. I don't know that anyone fully understands an Orb experience. Not at first, anyway. You have to live with it for a while, absorb it. And then one day it becomes a part of you. A part of who you are. I don't think we should be talking about this. No one. An Orb experience isn't meant to be shared. That's a very common reaction. Why don't you get some rest. It's all right. (kiss) I'll see you tomorrow. [Bareil's quarters] (Bareil enters and sits on a recliner chair. He's just about to nod off when) Over there. Did he? From what? So I take it that you like him. What are you talking about? And Bareil, where does he fit in? Tormented? No, I don't think so. Quark, you've had an Orb experience. You know what it's like. Meaning what? He has a lot on his mind. He probably went there to think things over. What's that old saying? Once a thief? The question is, what are you doing here? I didn't. You had me completely fooled. The thief in search of redemption, who could resist that? Obviously not me. Luckily, Quark didn't fall for your little act. Now step away from the altar. Then you came a long way for nothing. You're just full of surprises, aren't you? You can't let her have the Orb. It's too dangerous. You don't have to do this. You sound pretty certain of that. I do. So you were just using me to get to the Orb? Is that what I'm supposed to believe? Why should I? It's not true. You know that as well as I do. You may have come here for the Orb, but you found something else. And if you don't have the Orb, she'll kill you. I guess this is goodbye. What's wrong with that? Then you should go. (Bareil and the Intendant beam out.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Vedek Bareil. Want to play? All right. (Kira goes up the stairs and cuts down the body.) Who is it? (Bareil rolls it over. There's no noose around the neck now.) No, it's not. It's you. [Orb Shrine] (Bareil comes out of his vision.) [Kira's quarters] (Bareil is staring out of the window when Kira puts her arms around his bare chest.) Good morning. Shh. You're supposed to be relaxing. Good. Miserable. I wish you could stay here longer. You know you can't do that. Because in two days, you are going to be elected Kai. Course you're going to win. The people need you. (They kiss.) Is that why you spent the past three days here? To get my vote? I was going to vote for Vedek Tolena. But I might be persuaded to change my mind. I may not always agree with your interpretations of the prophecies, but I think you will make a wonderful Kai. Besides, everyone knows you were Kai Opaka's personal choice to succeed her. Once you become Kai, we'll never have these times together. It won't be easy. Was that a concession speech? What brings you to the station, Vedek Winn? Now that I know that you're here, I'll be sure to inform Constable Odo to increase station security. No, it wasn't your safety that concerned me. No, not at all. I just want to avoid the violence that occurred during your last visit. Well, that's one prayer that'll never be answered. But you did. And you're going to have to live with that decision. Make it brief. I don't enjoy talking to collaborators. Your request is denied. The decision has already been made. In the Ilvian Proclamation, every Bajorans who was a members of the Cardassian occupational government was sentenced to exile. Your name was number four on that list. Personally, I think you all got off too easy. When the Cardassians needed a new group of Bajorans to work in the mines, who approved the work orders? Whose signature was on those authorisation forms? You had to know that those authorisations were death sentences. Did you ever once refuse to sign them? And that's why you can never be allowed to set foot on Bajor again. Because if you do, it would dishonour the memory of every person you sentenced to death. [Commander's office] This is Kira. How can that be? [Security office] I'll be right there. [Kira's quarters] Kira to Ops. Dax, has Winn's ship left the station? Keep those docking clamps locked on. I don't want that ship going anywhere until I say so. Tell me what happened. And? Do you know what she looked up? That's Prylar Bek. Now why would Winn be interested in another Bajoran collaborator? Hold on a minute. See if Winn accessed any information on the Kendra Valley massacre. What else is there to know? Kai Opaka's son and forty two other Bajoran freedom fighters were ambushed and killed because Bek gave the Cardassians the location of their encampment. He made a full confession in his suicide note. Well, you were here then. You must have read it. Of course. [Promenade] Yes, I did. You know, you're the last person I would expect to help a collaborator like Kubus. Unless, of course, he has something you need. Oh, you're free to leave any time you like. Unfortunately, in light of public feelings about Kubus, I can't allow any ship with him on board to leave the station until it's undergone a thorough security check to prevent sabotage, and that includes a molecular scan for nanotechnology. Oh, I'm no expert, but I'm sure it could take days. Even weeks. Prylar Bek was responsible for the massacre. Everyone knows that. The real traitor? Do you really think I'm going to let you get away with this? You know, no one's going to believe the word of a convicted traitor like Kubus. Don't flatter yourself. You're trying to grab power, nothing more. He is not a collaborator. You can't condemn Bareil without proof. You want me to do your dirty work for you. I'll find the truth, don't worry about that, but I want you to keep Kubus's accusations from becoming public until I have a chance to prove Bareil's innocence. Whatever I find out, I will share with you. Were you aware at the time that Prylar Bek was a collaborator? Do you know who? Did you see them together? This is all the evidence you have? That's a fascinating story but it is pure conjecture. There have to be a dozen explanations for why Bareil came to see Bek. I guess I'm asking whether or not you came to the station to see Bek that day. I know that. It's Vedek Winn who needs convincing. I wouldn't take her lightly, if I were you. She is determined to ruin you. All right. But I still need to know why you came to the station. What did he tell you about the massacre? I understand. Is there anything else you think I should know about Bek, about the massacre? All right, I'll keep looking. But one way or another, I am going to prove to Winn that you are innocent. Then we'll just have to get the information from the other end. I'm fine. It's nothing. He says he's not guilty. I know he's not guilty. I love him, Odo. What? Can you retrieve the communications records between the station and the Assembly? Try the week leading up to the Kendra Massacre. What? Sealed? By who? In the Assembly records? Who has that kind of authority? Don't be so defensive. I'm sorry to hear that. How'd you guess? No trouble at all. We just need you to bypass a security seal. Quark, this is important. We need access to certain communication files in the Vedek Assembly records. I'm sure the Prophets won't mind just this once. Nothing is going to go wrong. At least he had the decency to feel guilty about what he'd done. A good man does not betray his own people. Is there anything you can do about it? So what you're telling me is we're never going to retrieve that information. But wouldn't the scans have been erased, too? Accept this gift from the Prophets. (Kira stabs Bareil. He falls into the arms of ) Did you really believe I wouldn't learn the truth? I recognise it now and I don't like what I see. Why did you do it? Why did you erase those transmission records? I don't have any choice. Winn is waiting to hear from me. Do you really want me to tell her that you ordered Bek to give the Cardassians the location of that resistance base? That you are responsible for the deaths of those forty three people? That you killed Kai Opaka's son? There had to have been another way. I believed in you. I defended you. And Winn was right all along. And now she's going to destroy you. What's our status? Open a channel to the Vedek Assembly. Put it on monitor seven. I might as well get this over with. I was waiting to I complete my investigation. You sound like you already know what I'm going to tell you. It doesn't make sense. Vedek Bareil's an honourable man. He wouldn't hide from the consequences of his actions by covering them up. I'm missing something. Chief, I need to get back into the Vedek Assembly archives. Kai Winn. I hope that's true. You forgot to erase the transit files. Oh, you did a wonderful job erasing the transmission records, but you forgot all about the transit files. The files that prove you weren't a collaborator. Only because you withdrew and you didn't have to. The transit reports clearly show you were on a personal retreat at the Dakeen monastery during the week leading up to the massacre. I checked the Dakeen transmission reports. You had contact with no one except one transmission after the massacre, ordering you back to the Vedek Assembly. No, it is not enough. There is no way you ordered Bek to reveal the location of the Kendra Valley encampment. You were covering up for someone else. Someone who meant more to you than me. More to you even than becoming Kai. Why not? It's the truth, isn't it? Who else meant that much to you? It had to be Kai Opaka. Opaka knew where the resistance cell was located because her son was a member. She was the collaborator, wasn't she? So instead of you, we have Winn to lead us. The question is, where will she lead us? And what happens to us? Let's go pay our respects to the new Kai. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
All right. Have them offload into cargo bays three and four, but that's it. We are pushing our storage capacity as it is. I haven't had a chance to read through last night's reports. Is there anything else I should know? What? The whole subroutine? When? We can't spare a runabout to go all the way to Vulcan right now. Listen to me. You can't have a runabout, you can't get your medical supplies, and I don't give a damn about the colonisation schedule. Those colonists can make do with a box of bandages for all I care. I don't know. What does that have to do with anything? What do you mean, I'm off duty? You can't do that. Now, wait a minute, Julian. Just because I snapped Julian, I What? Oh, it's Will. Commander Will Riker from the Enterprise. You know him? Yes, a little. I met him at Quark's last night. And we talked. And then we talked. For three hours. No, we just talked. And yes, he's a warm, charming man, but I'm involved with someone. Commander. [Promenade] (Riker walks into Kira as he comes out of a shop) It's all right. Are you doing some shopping? I'm just getting off duty. I was about to call it a night. Goodnight. (Kira walks on then turns back.) Commander, would you like a tour of the station? We can walk along the Promenade for a start. There's quite a bit to see here. The Defiant. I'm sure that could be arranged. [Airlock] (The Defiant is very well guarded - human and computer.) Major Kira Nerys, Bajoran militia. Chief. I didn't know there was anyone aboard tonight. Oh. Maybe we should come back another time. What was that all about? Okay. I'll show you the tactical systems first. I think you're going to be surprised at how big a punch this little ship has. [Airlock] (O'Brien comes out, stops and thinks, then moves on.) [Bridge] Not at all. In fact, it's thirty percent more efficient. New security procedure. Computer, release Bridge lockout. Authorisation Kira delta five four seven alpha. (And everything lights up) I don't care who you are or what your name is. Well, you accomplished your mission, so now what? Everyone's going to be looking for you. The Cardassians and Starfleet. How far do you think you're going to get with this ship before they find you? That's right. At least that'll be thirty minutes that we're visible. Thanks. (Tamal leaves) Yeah, that was the idea. I fought the Cardassians because they invaded my home. You don't live in the Demilitarised zone, you don't have family there. Why are you in this fight? Taking the Defiant only raises the stakes. The Cardassians are going to send a fleet after you. They are going to kill more people hunting you down than they ever did during those border raids. Omekla Three? You're headed for the shipyard? There have to be half a dozen better targets in this sector alone. All right, you're trying to keep them off-balance, keep them guessing. Why? You're telling me you did all of this to attack some secret base that may or may not exist? You're really not cut out for this, are you? Being a terrorist, I mean. You're not very good at it. You're acting more like a Starfleet officer who's more interested in intelligence reports and Cardassian politics than in actually hurting Cardassians. You have one of the most powerful ships in this quadrant under your command. Why aren't you out attacking every Cardassian outpost along the border? Not for the Maquis, there're not, because the Maquis are terrorists and the only thing terrorists care about is attacking the enemy. I know. I was a terrorist. And if I'd had this ship then, I would've destroyed Deep Space Nine. I would've hit the Cardassians so hard they would have screamed for peace, but I certainly wouldn't have gone flying off into the middle of Cardassia on some wild goose chase. No, you're trying to be a hero. Terrorists don't get to be heroes. If you make a run for it, that ship out there's going to see our neutrino signature go through a phase change. They're going to call their nine friends and you are going to have a small fleet chasing you all the way to Orias. Listen to me. Those three ships up ahead are going to lock onto our neutrino leak and open fire. That means you'll have to fight back. Let's say you disable or even destroy those three ships up ahead of us. Fighting them at all is going to slow us down and then those ten ships behind us are going to catch up, and not even the Defiant can win against those odds. You are an experienced Starfleet officer, Tom. Analyse the situation, Tom. Going to Orias is suicide. Now the smart move is to make a run for it while we still can. It's not the mission you're thinking about, is it, or even the colonists in the zone. This is about you, isn't it? You and that other Will Riker out there. The man with your face, your name, your career. You are looking for a way to set yourself apart. Some way to be different. Tom, there's no reason for you to continue. They're offering you a way out. The only reason not to take it is because you want to die. That mission is over. You're never going to make it to Orias, you know that Tom. There are five ships out there ahead of you but there may be fifty waiting there for all we know. Be a Starfleet officer one last time. Think of your crew. I know you want Tom Riker to go out in a blaze of glory that they'll talk about for the next ten years. Don't drag them along with you. I give you my word. We'll get you out of there, Tom. I promise you that. (Riker kisses Kira.) Set course for the Federation. Warp eight. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Captain, I'm picking up a Starfleet distress signal, bearing three one eight mark zero zero five. Range, ten light years. Looks like it's from an escape pod. USS Valiant. Aye, sir. [Defiant corridor]
Hi. I can't believe it. Another changeling. What's he like? Like you. Are you all right? You seem far away. I see. It's a little more personal than talking, isn't it? So, do I get to meet him? I would. Here they are. (Odo and Laas enter.) Nerys. Tell us about Varala. It's not funny. Odo can take care of himself. I can't believe he actually thought you'd just drop everything and leave with him. How did he take it when you said no? You did say no, didn't you? It just bothers me that he thinks you're not happy here. It makes me think he knows something that I don't. He Linked with you. Something about that gave him the impression that you might want to leave here. Sounds like it's alluring to you, too. I'm sorry I can't Link with you. You don't know that. There's not much anyone can do. Odo, that's unfair. You're starting to sound like Laas. What is that supposed to mean? I see you. I know that. But this is what you have always chosen to be. A man. A good and honest man. A man I fell in love with. Are you trying to tell me that he never really existed? Well then maybe you're right. Maybe you do belong out there. [Holding cells] I need to talk to the prisoner. Alone. Go to the third planet in the Koralis system. You'll find an orbital tether running down to an abandoned mining complex. I'll tell Odo to meet you there. Do you want to get out of here or not? (Laas steps out of the cell.) That vent will lead you through some conduits to an airlock. I love him. [Captain's office] I can't explain it. All I can tell you is what I saw. He turned himself into some kind of plasma energy and forced his way through. Before I could stop him, he had disappeared into the air vent. He could be anywhere by now. You didn't hide it very well. That you're glad he escaped. You said you wished you were out there with him. Well, it's not too late. He's waiting for you at an abandoned mine on Koralis Three. I don't want you to stay here out of some sense of obligation. Good luck. I hope you find what you're looking for. [Mines] (A runabout has arrived at a cratered planet.) Watch over him. Help him find his way. (Doorbell.) Yes. (Odo enters.) I didn't think I'd see you again. If I ever made you feel that you can't be yourself with me, I'm sorry. I want to know you the way you really are. (Odo morphs into a glowing cloud and envelops her. She loves it.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Unbelievable. The nerve. (Odo enters, bringing Quark.) Maybe this'll jog your memory. Engage monitor. (And an advert for Quark's comes up.) If all your little advertisements aren't purged from our systems by the time I get back from the Gamma Quadrant, I will come to Quark's, and believe me, I will have fun. (Kira leaves) Suits me. The sooner we get out of the Gamma Quadrant, the better. You might want to skip the ones with Jem'Hadar bases on them. Setting course for the Gavara system. (Later) I'm picking up some kind of emergency signal. It's fragmented. They say their homeworld's been attacked. Massive destruction, heavy casualties. They're asking any passing vessel for assistance. Let's hope the Jem'Hadar know that. Setting new course. [Ruined town] (Bashir and Dax beam down onto a hillside near a wrecked town. They walk along the main 'street'. The civilisation has gone back to pre-industrial, but the locals don't really bother about the strangers.) Kira to away Team. The sensors just picked up two Jem'Hadar ships headed this way. (Bashir and Dax beam back up during the break.) The Jem'Hadar are leaving the Kendi system and looks like they're heading for the Obatta cluster. We'd better go. Stand by to get underway. And they'll get it. As soon as we get back we'll notify Starfleet so they can put together a relief mission. All right, it's worth a try. We can't risk the Jem'Hadar detecting the runabout. I'll take it to the Jenkata Nebula. You're sure about this? Whenever you're ready, contact the station. We'll have a runabout here within days.
Come in. What do you want? That better not be your only reason for being here. I entertain a lot. I just don't entertain you. You take one step in here and I promise you it'll be your last. You have five seconds to tell me what you want. Five, four Three two one. Where did you get this? I said, where did you get it? Where? Commander. I need to speak with you. Commander? Nothing for me. I need to borrow a runabout. You really don't want to ask me that. You don't want to know the answer. To Cardassia Four to rescue a Bajoran prisoner of war. This earring was recently smuggled off the planet. Do you see this? That is the insignia of Li Nalas. The greatest we ever had. His victory over Gul Zarale in hand-to-hand combat His body was never found. Look, Commander, I wouldn't be asking this if I thought there was another way to rescue Li. But Bajoran ships don't have the manoeuvrability or defensive capabilities to get me safely in and out of Cardassian territory. Dax found dermal residue on the back. A genetic analysis matched it to Li's DNA records. It's genuine all right. I contacted three ministers. Their response was exactly what I expected. Commander, you and I both know the provisional government is made up of political opportunists too busy fighting among themselves to care what happens to Bajor. Since the loss of the Kai, the situation has only gone from bad to worse. There are reports of factional fighting in half a dozen districts, religious riots have spread throughout the southern islands. Bajor needs a leader. Someone the people will listen to. Someone they can trust. I know he is. Do I get the runabout? Come in. (Sisko and O'Brien enter. O'Brien is in civilian clothes.) Commander, Chief, I was just getting ready to leave. I don't think that's a good idea. Having a Federation officer along could cause complications for you later. I appreciate the offer, but this is a Bajoran problem. If the Cardassians get their hands on us, we'll be the ones suffering. I suppose I could use the company. [Runabout Rio Grande] You've got the controls, Chief. Before we go, there's one thing we need to clear up between us. This mission can end only one of two ways. Either we bring back Li Nalas or we don't come back at all. Then take us out of here, Mister O'Brien. How much long till we reach Cardassia Four? Hold on. We're being scanned. It's position is holding steady at bearing two one nine mark two three. We're being hailed. They're repeating the hail. Opening a channel. This is the Lissepian transport Martuk. We've been having trouble with our phase modulators. We're attempting to correct the problem. Your offer is most appreciated, post twenty four, but unnecessary. He's getting suspicious. I believe we can correct the problem on our own. Besides, Gul Marayn is waiting on Cardassia Four to receive my shipment of Rulot seeds. Any delay could ruin the entire crop, not to mention the Gul's mood. My plan exactly. He's cut off their transmission. Don't ask me. I just made him up. (They arrive at the orange planet) What? Is there any way of beaming up more than two at a time? And there's no way of guaranteeing Li will be one of the first two. What's security like down there? We're going to have to land. It's our only chance of getting them all out of there. How do I look? I hope you're right. More than you could afford. He wouldn't know what to do with me. From a boy like you? Ha! I don't think you're capable of it. All right. (She starts to unfasten her top then thumps him in the face. More punches, he's down, the other guard gets shot and Kira gets the forcefield open. O'Brien takes out the man on the ridge.) Li Nalas! Major Kira Nerys. We've come to get you out of here. Yes. Come on. (Li is wounded by another guard up the cliff, but O'Brien gets him. A prisoner at the back of the group is killed.) Come on. We have a ship waiting. (The group run out of the compound, pursued by Cardassians. They get around a corner in the cliff face.) You have my word. Come on. Come on. (Kira gives the phaser to Borum) Come on. (Everyone piles in.) Not yet. Some of the others still might make it. Take us home, Chief. Careful, he took a phaser hit. Commander, I need to talk to you. (Then she spots Dukat on the monitor.) I'm sorry. I didn't know you were busy. I'll just wait outside. An apology? What about the prisoners that were left behind? Well, I look forward to their safe return. Commander? There's got be a reason why they're being so accommodating. What is? Thank you, Commander. [Replimat] Minister Jaro. He's on the Promenade with Commander Sisko. Considering what he's gone through in the past ten years. I'd say they were kind to all of us. I'm not surprised. All I did was risk my life. I'd do it again if it meant bringing Li Nalas home. That's good to hear. And you're sure they didn't say anything? An extremist group from Bajor, who call themselves The Circle. Their goal is to rid Bajor of all non-Bajorans. Oh, they've tried. But the truth is the Circle is more organised than the government. We need someone to speak out against these reactionaries. Someone the people will listen to. As handsome as ever. Opening mooring clamps on docking bay six. Congratulations.
Sometimes he just didn't know when to shut up.
Commander, the transport's arrived and they're requesting permission to dock. How long is this overhaul going to take? Odo is not one of the Founders. Yes. But he's not one of the Founder. Odo made a conscious choice to stay here with us. He has no loyalties to the Dominion and he has no information about their plans. How are you feeling, Chief? Good. Commander, may I speak with you for a minute? The Romulans want to debrief everyone who was on the Defiant when it was captured by the Founders. They're also still not happy with the sensor information collected by the Defiant, so they want unrestricted access to the Defiant. And they also want complete access to all our personal logs. Well then maybe they should send their own ships through the wormhole and find out for themselves. This is one puppet who doesn't like her strings pulled. All right. I'll draw up a schedule of interviews and I'll tell everyone to cooperate. I'm always diplomatic. [Wardroom] That is the most ridiculous thing I ever heard, and I resent the implication! When the Defiant was attacked, Odo and I were trapped below decks. There was a hand-to-hand fight in the corridor. I was wounded and I lost consciousness. When I came to, Odo had already put me aboard the shuttle and we had escaped. I did not abandon the ship prematurely. well I'm sure he wanted to. But there was no way to get to the Bridge and We were talking. It's personal. What business is that of yours? That's it. You rip the cloaking device out of the Defiant right now. I am not answering any more questions. And I suggest you avoid asking Odo those questions or you just might find yourselves on the other side of that bulkhead floating home. [Quark's] And then what's his name? Ruwon started to insinuate that you were Interested in me. Have you ever heard anything more Exactly. I wanted to let you know I moved the Romulans to different quarters. It's the replicators again. I assigned a maintenance crew, but in the meantime I moved the entire Romulan delegation to section forty seven, level two in the Habitat ring. Yes. Is something wrong? Should I move them to other quarters? Could you tell if you were looking at internal explosions, which might indicate some kind of sabotage or accident, or external explosions which might indicate we were under attack? At this point we can't rule anything out. Report! On screen. Lock phasers and return fire. Try to re-route phasers through the emergency power couplings. But you knew we wouldn't just sit by and watch while you did it, so you had to destroy the station too. That way, there'd be no witnesses.
All right, next item. Item seven. warbird repair and maintenance. Senator? All right. We're not here to debate combat tactics. Chief, how soon can you have those warbirds into a docking bay? Worf, you just volunteered for that assignment. All right, that's it for today then. Same time next week? Oh sorry, Senator, you'll be attending that conference on Romulus, won't you? Fine. Have a safe trip.
A little lower. Lower. Lower. What's that? Just for that, next time I'm not going to let you win a single game. Right now, all I want to do is sleep for two or three (ouch) days. Back? From where? Gul Russol? I thought he was executed when Cardassia joined the Dominion. Why? You mean he was. What if Russol is dead and this is just a trap? Want me to come with you? Worried? Ha. This just gives me more time to work on my backhand. [Promenade] (There are big cables everywhere.) Chief! In here now. Do you mind explaining this? Oh, you don't know? This is your authorisation code, isn't it? What about him? Excuse me? You're damn right you will. The Captain is returning from Bajor in two days, and when he does, I want his desk sitting right here where it belongs. [Replimat] That isn't the Captain's desk. Get it out of here. (Martok enters.) Can I help you, General? The last thing he saw was one of his gods smiling at him. If you ask me, he was a lucky man. No, listen to me. I know to Starfleet the Prophets are nothing more than wormhole aliens, but to me they're gods. I can't prove it, but then again, I don't have tom because my faith in them is enough. Just as Weyoun's faith in you was enough for him. I'm sorry. You're worried about your people. A very dangerous enemy, now more than ever, because they're also desperate. This isn't easy for you, but you have to remember they started this war, not you.
You deserve the nomination, Doctor. Your work on biomolecular replication was both audacious and groundbreaking. According to Dax, anyway. She's the only one who understands it. (Promenade) Not another one. (Promenade) About linguistic communication. (Promenade) We found the concept aggressive. (Promenade) There was a time when your peoples' acquiring nature was not so pronounced. Linguistic communication is tiresome. Better luck next time.
They've docked. (A load of Starfleet come through to be met by friends and family, then - ) I checked the passenger list this morning. He definitely boarded at Welcome back, Nog.
Go ahead, Chief. (on the upper level) Jake. Your Dad's been looking for you. I think he's back in your quarters. It may be important. Everything under control, Chief? a request by the Chamber of Ministers that I find absolutely ridiculous. They have actually requested that we begin to screen all arriving We don't want to hurt you. Listen to him. He's not your enemy. We're not your enemy. Apparently he thought he was you. We were trying to shut him out of every sensitive security area while they were searching for you. He must have wondered what the hell was going on with all of us.
Kira to O'Brien. Report to Ops, Chief. There's something here we'd like you to take a look at. Whatever it is, it's getting closer. A Cardassian ship with a cloaking device? The lead ship's heading for the wormhole, Commander. The fleet's following the lead ship. They're headed for the Gamma Quadrant. It sounds like you're hoping Tain will succeed. Tactical ready. Commander, there's an incoming priority message from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Toddman. He's repeating his order not to enter the Gamma Quadrant. You're right. There's an awful lot of subspace interference on this channel. Must be an ion storm or something. We're decloaking! Commander, if the Jem'Hadar show up while we're decloaked Maybe there's some kind of spatial anomaly nearby that's interfering with the cloak's power systems. How do you know that? What makes you think we'll trust you again? What makes you think I'm going to see O'Brien? (Sisko Looks at her.) It's been three hours. I just wanted to see if he needed some help. Three more coming in off the port bow. We might get pretty singed at that range. The third Jem'Hadar fighter is still pursuing. Direct hit on their port nacelle. They're losing speed. We're out of their weapons' range. It's good to see you again, Constable.
Dukat wanted the station back, he can have it. And now, the continuation. [Bridge] (The fleet has been reduced and battered by war. An Excelsior class is being towed. Many still have fires raging.) What's wrong, Dukat? Afraid we'll take the station away from you again? Are we. Fine. We'd like the station's Bajoran security force reinstated. That's right. The Federation and Bajor always shared equal responsibility for station security. I thought you said that we would have the same arrangement with the Dominion. After all, we are all friends here, aren't we? I'll remember you said that. What about him? Why don't you ask him yourself? I'm telling you, Odo, Dukat has only one thing on his mind, and that's revenge. He can't stand the thought that Bajor defeated Cardassia. Eventually. Maybe. Weyoun's a hard one to figure out. I don't really trust him but I trust him more than Dukat. Weyoun asked me about you. He seemed very concerned about what you thought of him. He'd be hurt to hear you said that. I'll have to mention it to him. Only when I'm with you. No, it's true. When I talk to you, things don't seem as bad. When I think of Dukat in the Captain's office, or the fact that the Federation seems to be losing this war and we're here doing nothing. And who am I to argue with the Emissary. What do you want, Quark? No, I suppose that's true if all you're worried about is a monthly balance sheet. If it's such a good friend, why are no Bajoran security officers on the station? [Sisko's office] (At Starbase 375.) You wanted to see me? I don't have time for this. What do you want from me, Dukat? Is that what you want? Is that why I'm here? To flatter you? To tell you know what a good job you've doing and how happy we all are to have you back? Dukat, I've got better things to do than to stand here and help you play out one of your little fantasies. Not just me, everyone. Even your own people. At what price? You sold Cardassia to the Dominion. We'll see about that. You could start by doing something about your breath. Wait for what? What do you think is going to happen here, Dukat? That you're going to wear me down with your charming personality? That I'm going to be swept off my feet by that insincere smile? Are you really so deluded that you actually believe that we're going to have some kind of intimate relationship? You should have seen the arrogant, smug look on his face. He was in control and there was nothing that I could do about it. The war isn't over yet, but as far as Dukat is concerned, he's already won. I'd love to show him he's wrong. Then ask for one. Demand that they reinstate your Bajoran deputies. Forget about Dukat. Go to Weyoun. He'll listen to you. As far as he's concerned you're a god, and that gives you power. But what good is power if you're not willing to use it? [Wardroom] (It's meal time for Weyoun's Jem'Hadar escort.) A member of the station's Ruling Council. You? You're sure this is a good idea? Don't you see that Weyoun's using you? Your presence on the Council validates the Dominion control of the station. That's right, you will. I suppose it is. But for some reason, it just doesn't feel like one. [Jem'Hadar ship control room] (In orbit of an asteroid.)
Well, they don't have a right to defend themselves? If Starfleet is unwilling to defend their people in Well, I didn't. But I lived with them for twenty six years before the liberation came. Every Bajoran lived with them in constant fear. I know what those colonists are going through. (Dukat gets shot trying to escape from his kidnappers.) We just received a general subspace transmission from somewhere in the Demilitarised zone. A group there is taking credit for the kidnapping of Dukat. They're calling themselves the Maquis. Commander! Commander? Excuse me? No. Really? Makes sense to me. Legate Parn's ship just put in at docking bay five. Maybe you'd like to give the same speech to him. Commander, this is Legate Parn. He insisted on seeing you immediately. The Maquis are right. The Cardassian settlers are being supplied by the Central Command. How do we know they won't use Dukat's death as an excuse to send troops into the Demilitarised zone? Your word? I don't believe a word he said. Commander, you know there's no reason to go after Dukat. I mean, you heard Legate Parn. They don't want him back. Why risk our lives over someone who's caused so many deaths? The way I see it, he's getting exactly what he deserves. (Sisko steps onto the turbolift.) With that kind of firepower, the Bajorans could've launched a full-scale assault on Cardassia. You want a challenge? Finding out how the Central Command is getting weapons into the Demilitarised zone. Our scanners can't penetrate their hull. Well what would you suggest? Killing everyone there. Sounds like a Cardassian plan to me. Good point. If the Cardassian settlers even suspect they might come under attack, they'll send a message to Cardassia asking for reinforcements. So if they fire at us, we have orders to shoot back? Orinoco here. You're loud and clear. They're breaking away. It's not working. Thrusters are still locked. Yes, Chief. You've got it. [Runabout Rio Grande] Commander, Gul Dukat has left the station. Chief O'Brien says that the Orinoco and Rio Grande will be up and running in a few days. You deserve it. You prevented a war.
All right. You first, then you. I'll have someone take a look as soon as possible. Now, Quark. I'll put it on the list. Oh, let me guess. There's a malfunction in the Infirmary. I can see that. It happens every time Chief O'Brien goes away. The engineering crew are doing the best they can.
Those orbital sensor platforms should give the colonists plenty of advanced warning in case the Cardassians ever decide to violate the new treaty. How did your meeting with Security Chief Bemar go? Was he properly impressed by the depth of your expertise? Odo, is something bothering you? Well for one thing, you haven't said five words to me since we left Prophet's Landing. Look, if I've done something to offend you, I wish you'd tell me what it is. Whatever you say. Well, glad to hear it. Go on. And? You wanted to go to the governor's house for dinner? Well then, what's the problem? Odo, you don't eat. Besides, you hate socialising with people you don't know. You're right. Next time we are invited out for dinner, I'll make sure you are the one to say no. Hold on. I'm picking up a wide band subspace transmission from a Lissepian supply ship. They've just been attacked by a Maquis interceptor. The Maquis use Peregrine class courier ships. The Lissepians didn't sustain any serious damage. I'm going after him. I don't know what the Maquis have done to that ship's engines, but it's fast. We'd better catch him soon. We're entering the Badlands. Increase the sensor bandwidth. That should compensate for the interference. He can't have gotten far. He's got to somewhere in this solar system. I'm following him in. Can you get a transporter lock on him? Did he make it? Then I guess we'll have to land and see for ourselves. [Commander's office] You're sure he's in these caverns? That's the third quake since we got here. This moon must be seismically unstable. Finding him isn't going to be easy. These caverns could go on forever. With all this seismic activity, I don't want to stay here any longer than we have to. I say we split up. We meet back here in twenty minutes, and if we haven't found him by then, we may have to leave without him. Let's hope he's smart. Kira to Odo. Odo, can you hear me? Odo, I'm trapped. I need your help. Come quickly. Odo, do you read me? Odo, is that you? Odo, am I glad to see you. (He spins round to see Kira sitting on a boulder.) You're not going to believe this. My foot is stuck. I don't know. I must've stepped in a fissure or something. I can't get it loose. Then what is it? Oh, believe me, I've tried. I can barely feel my foot. The crystal is pressing against it so hard, there's no way I can get my boot off. Go ahead. (Odo hammers at the crystal, and the rock shatters in his hand.) Come on, Odo, it's pretty ridiculous, don't you think? The two of us being outsmarted by a chunk of crystal. Neither am I. Hand me my phaser. I may blow off my foot and Julian the have a chance to prove what a wonderful doctor he is? Don't worry, I have no intention of giving him the opportunity. Stand back. (The energy makes the crystal grow to her knee.) I guess that wasn't such a good idea after all. Are you worried about leaving me here? I'll be fine, Odo. I promise not to go anywhere. [Quark's] (The bar is closed and Rom is trying to repair the replicator.) You just missed our friend. He came out of that tunnel. I think he was as surprised as I was. He fired at me from over there, and when I shot back he ran off down the tunnel. (Odo checks the rock face behind her.) Don't worry, his aim wasn't any better than mine was. My lucky day. [Promenade - upper level] Too bad our tricorders don't work. You make it sound like he planned on trapping us. How long do you think I have, Odo? I figure at the rate the crystal's been growing, I'm going to be completely covered in less than twelve hours. (moonquake) Unless this cave collapses first. I'm sure there is. But that doesn't mean that we're going to find it in less than twelve hours. Not often. So all we need to do is find a band of Nausicaan raiders and ask them to give us a hand? I will. Constable. When we get back to the station, I'm going to start reading those Criminal Activity Reports. How long do you think it's going to be before the generator finds the right frequency? I don't suppose there's any way to speed things up? I didn't think so. What does O'Brien have to do with it? What kind of appointment? Talk to me, Odo. It helps pass the time. You're kidding. How did he talk you into that one? You mean you've done it before? I'm sorry. I'm just having trouble imagining the two of you together in a boat. He sings? This gets better and better. What kind of songs does he sing? I never pictured O'Brien as a nautical type. How long do these boat trips usually take? On what? It must be a very difficult programme. Then why does he keep doing it? I'm glad you're here, Odo. Odo! (Rubble starts to fall. Kira tries to shield her head but Odo becomes an arc and protects her instead. The rock stops falling.) I'm all right. What about the generator? Tell it to hurry. A couple more tremors like that last one and this whole cave is going to collapse. Name three. I can't think of any either. What do you mean? I never read any of those books. I don't have much use for platitudes, Odo. I'd rather face the truth of a situation and go on from there. I know you do. That's why you and I get along so well. Odo. Just keep talking to me. Anything. Tell me a story. I know. Tell me how you got your name. Tell it to me. So, your name is Unknown Sample? To Odo. (moonquake) No. I liked it very much. The ultrasonic generator isn't going to work, is it? I don't suppose you have any other ideas. Neither do I. Odo, you've done your best. It's time for you to go. This place is going to collapse at any minute. That Maquis is probably dead from one of the cave-ins. There's nothing more you can do for me. As your superior officer, I'm telling you to take the runabout and get the hell off this moon. That's an order. (After the break.) Odo, why are you still standing there? I told you to get out of here. Constable, I gave you a direct order. Odo, if you stay here, you'll die. I want you to get out of here. You have to. Odo, please. (moonquake) Why? Odo, I'm in love with you too. [Commander's office] Odo? You haven't said a word to me in over an hour. I'm sorry I waited so long to tell you how I feel about you. If I'd told you earlier, maybe things would've been different. What are you smiling about? Are you still trying to prove that this is all some kind of conspiracy? That's right. No. Maybe shorter. More or less. Why does it matter anyway? Maybe he was standing somewhere else. What are you talking about? I do love you. Maybe I told I loved you because I thought it would make you feel better. Because I thought that's what you wanted to hear. Odo, I can explain. Odo, what happened? What am I doing here? There's one thing I still don't understand. If that Founder was trying to test your allegiance to the Solids, why did she impersonate me? What finally made you realise the truth? What was that?
I'm just not sure, Commander. What does it look like to you? Ops. Then they may know the speed of our runabouts. If they do, they probably have a faster ship to make their escape. We've got eight ships in dock capable of warp five or more. Three on docking pylons, five smaller ones in the ports. I've got them. Airlock five. Isolating with cadderon force fields. [Airlock] Force field is down. They know the security override codes. They're boarding a ship. We lost them. The excess charge is neutralising. Gotcha. How did you know your way around the station so well? You Klaestrons are allies of the Cardassians. Your knowledge of this station confirms that. They must have given you the layout, which not only compromises Bajoran security, but also annoys us. Oh, yes. She doesn't seem to care whether she gets out of this or not. Is a Trill responsible for the conduct, for the acts of it's antecedent selves. What if I find the answer's yes? Tell us a little about Curzon Dax, Commander. I thought he was your friend. What was, exactly, your relationship with Curzon Dax? It's a hearing, not a trial. She has no choice. (A crewman hands Kira a PADD) Odo's on subspace. It's urgent. [Commander's office]
Kira to Sisko. Captain Solok of the Starship T'Kumbra is here to see you. What's the contest? Chapter twenty five. The infield fly rule is invoked in instances where, with both first base and second base occupied, or with first, second and third base occupied Okay. And fewer than two outs, the batter hits a high fly. (Worf looks it up on his PADD.) Oh, right. Er, fewer than two out, the batter hits a high fly which in the judgment of the umpire can readily be caught by an infielder or the pitcher or catcher inside fair ground. The batter is then called out regardless of whether the ball is subsequently caught or not. An attempt to bunt, however, under the conditions noted above, which results in a fair fly shall not be regarded an infield fly. What's a bunt? [Quark's] Knitting together a couple of bones is not major surgery, Quark. We'll live. Rom, we're on your side. If that's the way you feel about it. I go for the double play, unless the runner on third is already on his way home, in which case [Infirmary] (Bashir is getting tuition in batting technique.) I'll tell you what we do. We go out there tomorrow and we put that Vulcan in his place. We win it for the Captain. (to the runner) You want to try that again? I wouldn't dream of it, Captain. You're out, by the way. Captain. Here's something else for your desk. (She throws him a baseball signed by the team.)
Commander, I have Doctor Bashir for you on subspace. Kira to Sisko. The T'Lani and Kellerun ambassadors have just arrived on the station. They're asking to see you. No, Commander. And the ambassadors refuse to speak to anyone but you. Yes, sir. I'm surprised the Chief didn't detect it. I'd like to talk to the chief of security for that ship. The T'Lani were responsible for O'Brien's and Bashir's safety. They should have known about that device and deactivated it. Yes, sir. He let you read them? How? By reading about all the women he went out with? Really? And did you understand him better? You could keep them. I think he'd like that. He cared a great deal about you. How come? That's it? Mrs. O'Brien? I'll tell him you're here. I just wanted you to know how sorry I am. How sorry we all are. Fifteen hundred hours. Maybe he isn't drinking coffee. Maybe it's tea.
Jadzia, you're looking at the most important Bajoran icon ever painted. The only known proof that B'hala actually existed, and all you have to say is hmm. We've been trying to force the Cardassian government to return this to us since the end of the Occupation. It's good to have it back. It's said they mark the city's place in the cosmos. Which is why B'hala is likely to remain lost. I was just thinking about Zocal's third prophecy. It said only someone who had been touched by the Prophets could find the ruins of B'hala. It is wonderful news, Vedek Mera. I'll see you at the signing ceremony. Enjoying the celebration? You know, five years ago I wouldn't have been. I didn't think Federation membership was right for Bajor. It hadn't been that long since the occupation and I thought it was important for us to learn to stand on our own two feet. A lot of things. My time on the station, my dealings with Starfleet, but mostly the captain. No doubt about it. He made me a believer. Where is the Captain? I'd like to congratulate him. Captain. Sir? Is something wrong? Captain! Benjamin! Are you all right? Sir? You were dreaming. You could see the future as well as the past? You were having a pagh'tem'far, a sacred vision. The Prophets chose well when they made you their Emissary. So how does it all fit together? I was worried about you. Where are you going to be? Kai Winn. Looks can be deceiving. But you don't need me to tell you that. I'm afraid Captain Sisko's busy at the moment. Something like that. I thought everyone was. (They set off along the corridor, slowly.) Well, Bajor's still going to be free. Joining the Federation isn't going to change that. I have to give you credit. You just never give up. I'm sure the Emissary will consider everything you have to say, and then Bajor's admittance can go forward unobstructed. Hmm? I was just thinking about Captain Sisko finding B'hala. Bajoran archaeologists have been searching for the sacred city for ten thousand years. He found it in just a few days. It's a sign. A sign from the Prophets. Of course. Good luck. I consider Captain Sisko a friend. I'm not really sure what you're asking. Forgive you? I'm sure it crossed his mind. Does that mean you're not going to try to block Bajor's admittance into the Federation? I must admit I'm surprised to hear that. It takes a lot of courage to admit you're wrong. I didn't say that. Captain? Sir? What do you think it means? At least the swarm was moving away from Bajor. That's a good sign. Isn't it? I've never seen the Temple so crowded. Seemed like every Bajoran on the station was there to pray for the Emissary. The Captain is not going to die. He is the Emissary. The Prophets will take care of him. Chief, I know you're worried, but the Prophets are leading the Emissary on this path for a reason. You're wrong. It's everything. Captain Sisko made it clear he didn't want surgery. It isn't about what I want or what you want, it's about Captain Sisko. And he told us he doesn't want anything interfering with his visions. He's still in surgery. It wasn't the Federation. It was his son and he had every right to make that decision. He's an eighteen year-old boy who doesn't want to lose his father. What would you have done in his place? Maybe we're the ones who need to trust the Prophets. For all we know, this is part of their plan. Maybe they've told Captain Sisko everything they want him to know. You must be very pleased. Makes life interesting, doesn't it? [Infirmary]
When I first read your report I didn't know what to think. So I said to myself, that's all right, Nerys You're stunned. You need to let it sink in a little. But it's been two days, Odo. I still don't know what to think. Maybe nothing. Maybe a lot. I believed in you. A lot of people did. You were special. You were the one man who stood apart from everyone else, the one man who stood for justice. Now what? Okay. The Prophets know I'm not perfect. I guess the truth is that anyone who lived through the occupation had to get a little dirty. But I need to know that no other innocent people died on your watch, Odo. That this was the only time.
Now remember, I want him treated like a visiting head of state. Full communications and computer access, any assistance he may need from the station's crew. Dax, this is important. Tekeny Ghemor led the dissident movement against Cardassia's Central Command. And now that Dukat and the Dominion have taken over, there is no one better qualified to lead the opposition. It's a long story. It was part of a plan to expose him as the leader of the dissident movement. Ghemor may be the only hope left for Cardassia. He deserves our help. (Kira has her back to the airlock.) Legate Ghemor. It's good to see you. Welcome to Deep Space Nine, Tekeny. This is our science officer, Lieutenant Commander Jadzia Dax, and our strategic operations officer, Lieutenant Commander Worf. Not exactly permitted under the uniform code, but Oh, I'll show you to your quarters. (Kira and Ghemor leave.) I've had the replicator programmed with a complete Cardassian menu. You've got twenty six hour a day computer access, a private subspace comm. channel, and if there is anything else you need, you just ask me. I am sorry. I just wanted you to feel at home. I thought you should know. I checked with Bajoran Security. There are still no leads on your daughter. We don't know that. Now, if Iliana is still alive, she's been undercover on Bajor for over a decade now. It's very hard to find someone who's been hiding that long. Bajoran Security has not given up hope. Neither should you. You just have to be patient. Oh, I've got no complaints. Now, did you read the proposal I sent you? No, you are the perfect person for the job. You're still popular on Cardassia. The people respect you. They'll listen to you. We can make it work. We'll set up a government in exile here on the station. You could make regular transmissions into Cardassia, issue corrections to their propaganda, mobilise your old friends in the dissident movement. Why? Oh, don't worry about me. The important thing is to get you well. [Captain's office] He's Miles and Keiko's baby. I just carried him to term for them. (Ghemor winces.) Yeah. (takes Yoshi) Are you? Yoshi's the closest thing I have to a son. You'd make a terrific grandfather. You know about me and Shakaar? What did you do, hire someone to follow me around? You know, I've kept my ears open for news about you too. I was worried about you. Opposing the Cardassian government is dangerous business. Dukat called the station. He wants you extradited to Cardassia. We won't let him get his hands on you. Me? That's exactly what he's doing. I know. I can't help wondering if he's chosen the right person. What if I get too involved or I don't ask the right questions? Maybe I can convince Ghemor to talk to a counsellor or Constable Odo. I mean, he questions people every day. And that someone is me. [Bajoran resistance] (Kira remembers a time before Furel lost his arm. Injured are being brought into the cave hideout.) Father. Father, can you hear me? [Captain's office] I have no choice. I'm all he's got. [Ghemor's quarters] (It looks more like an intensive care or hospice room than guest quarters.) I can manage. I know what I'm getting myself into. Tekeny. No, don't try to move. I'll get you some water. Careful. (But it dribbles down his chin.) Oh, damn it. I'm sorry. Session one, stardate 50712.5. Whenever you're ready. What is it? Better? You know, maybe I can ask Doctor Bashir to get you something stronger. Trepar. Medic! We need a medic! What the hell's taking them so long! I'm going to make them pay for this, I promise you. We'll plant another one, together, you and I. Where's that damn medic? The subject is asleep. I'm concluding the interview for the day. There's more where that came from. Ghemor seems to know every politician and bureaucrat on Cardassia. I've been up for thirty hours straight. Go ahead. I'm here. You were talking about the Supreme Tribunal. [Ops] Gentlemen. Don't listen to him. All right, you have your answer. Whatever. Quark, just get me my drink. Come in. Sorry enough to leave? Kiessa. What's that got to do with Ghemor? (Dukat hands over a PADD) You are really enjoying this, aren't you? Huh? All your sick little games. I promise you, Dukat, I will make you pay for all of this one day. I'll be right there. (Ghemor has knocked over a glass of water.) Now what? Just sit back. You're all tangled up. It's a little late for that now, isn't it? Yes there's something's wrong. You lied to me. About everything. But let's start with Kiessa Monastery. You were there, weren't you? The Cardassian army burned Kiessa to the ground. Seventeen monks were killed. So instead you hid the truth from me. It's what you deserve. I needed a quiet place to think. If you've got something to say to me, Constable, say it. He lied to me. I thought he was different, but he's just like the rest of them. He shouldn't have been there at all. What are you trying to say? That I should go back down there? Father? Father. Father, hold still. You'll tear your bandages. I know. I know. Hold on. I'll be right back. How far? I'll go with you. I know the area. They didn't shoot Gantt's father. They shot mine. We found the soldiers that did this to you. I'm going to make them pay, just like I promised. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. I won't be long. Let's go! [Kira's quarters] (Kira is putting candles in front of her shrine when the doorbell rings.) Come in. Thank you for the information, Doctor. I heard you. Well, I don't want to see him. I said no. Don't ask me again. What was the count? Yeah. They kill us, we kill them. It's nothing worth celebrating. Get another raiding party together. I want to hit those Cardassians again as soon as we have a chance. [Outside the cave] (Kira is digging the grave.) There's nothing left to say. [Ghemor's quarters] Well, for a while there, neither did I. (She takes his hand and rests her head on his chest.) [Infirmary] That's it? A quick postmortem, a statement from the witness and a little paperwork. It seems so straightforward. He got so quiet toward the end. I could hear him whispering things. His wife's name, Iliana's, even mine. Then the pain just got too much for him and he just lay there, breathing. And at the end of every exhale, there was this pause, and I thought that's it. It's over. Then he'd force another breath, and another. I started counting them. One hundred, two hundred, three hundred. He was fought for every last second. I don't even think he knew I was there. Maybe he gave me something I needed. I missed my father's death by less than an hour. Did you know that? Less than an hour. I always told myself that it was bad luck, bad timing, the will of the Prophets. But the truth is, I didn't have to go when I did. I could have stayed a while longer. I saw my chance to get out and I took it. I saw so much death during the occupation, I felt so much pain. But my father, he was my strength, and I couldn't stand to see that strength slipping away. So I ran. He reminded me so much of my father. Going through it again, I just couldn't face it. I owed it to him. I owed it to my father to get it right this time. [Captain's office]
Where do you want me to put this? I bet you can't wait to get all this put together so you can start shape-shifting around the room again. There's nothing to stop you from sleeping in a bed if you want to. I guess we can put all this in storage. What about these PADDS? Finding and Winning your Perfect Mate by Doctor Jennings Rain? You don't have to explain, Odo. Maybe you should finish it. You are a solid, eighteen hours a day. I'm sure there are plenty of woman on this station who would be very interested in you if you gave them a chance. We're on our way. [Ops] Oh, it's Cardassian all right. But I didn't think there were any Cardassians in the Gamma Quadrant. Try courier code five nine. Bajoran Intelligence has a lot of experience breaking Cardassian codes. Why don't you send it to them? Dukat, I've had a busy day. I just want to drink my coffee and Listen, if this is about taking Ziyal to services at the Bajoran shrine. What about him? I wouldn't call it love. She was lonely. The last time I checked, he's the only other Cardassian living on the station. Like I said, he's a Cardassian. Your daughter is a grown woman, capable of making her own decisions. I'm not fond of Garak, and I may even think that their friendship is a mistake, but the way I see it, that's her prerogative. Did what? Dukat, let's get one thing straight. I didn't bring Ziyal to the station for you. I did it for her. Because I knew it'd be better for her to be here than being a soldier fighting in your private little war with the Klingons. If that's a threat, I'm not impressed. Not anymore. Good day. [Runabout] I'm telling you, he knows exactly who I am. Kirayoshi already recognises me. He spent seven months inside my belly, listening to my heartbeat, hearing to my voice. There's a connection there. [Ops] Every time I walk into the room, he smiles. Thanks. You always know just the right thing to say. He recognised me. We've just lost contact with two of our listening posts in the Gamma Quadrant. And if an invasion fleet is on the way? Trouble. [Promenade] (Dukat is waiting for Ziyal to leave the shrine) What's he doing here? Then we're going to have our hands full. There're at least fifty Dominion ships headed our way. For all we know, that could be just the first wave. Not soon enough. You're going to destroy the wormhole? But the Celestial Temple, the Prophets SISKO Professor Kahn of the Trill Science Ministry has come up with a way to seal the wormhole without damaging it or harming the Prophets. But Bajor will be cut off from the Celestial Temple. But Our last listening post in the Gamma Quadrant just went dead. Neutrino levels in the wormhole are rising. May the Prophets forgive us. (Three beams go from DS9 to the wormhole, and it opens. Then a panel in the pit explodes. The beams stutter.) Captain, the wormhole's opening. (WHOOSH - and out come the Jem'Hadar fleet.)
Peldor joi, Odo. Calm before the storm. In a few hours, this place will be packed with Bajorans celebrating the Festival. Really? Well then, we'll see each other later. For you, I will make time, Odo. Just look for me. I'll be with Bareil. So did I. I'm glad I was wrong. He's arriving on the next shuttle. You're right. I'll see you at the Festival. [Corridor] (O'Brien is pacing outside the airlock.) Chief? Ah. Bareil. You too. (The airlock opens and Bareil enters) I've missed you. We need to see each other more often. I think she asks your advice just so that she can do the exact opposite of what you recommend. I have to go. But I have to set up the Renewal scrolls along the Promenade. But it won't take long. Jadzia's promised to help me. Predictable? Jadzia and I have been doing this for the past two years. It's becoming a tradition. We will. Later tonight. [O'Brien's quarters] Tesra Peldor impatri bren. (She puts a clear and a blue liquid into a glass tube. They mix and run down to a brazier.) Bentel vetan ullon sten. (The brazier bursts into flames.) And now, I have the honour of placing the first Renewal Scroll into the fire. As the scrolls burn, may our troubles turn to ashes with them. And now, for the next twenty-six hours, I expect you all to enjoy yourselves. I know I will. May the Prophets walk with us. (Lwaxana gets a headache. So do Bareil and Jake) Bareil? What are you looking for? Oh Jake, how thoughtful. Thank you. Sure. I'll be right back. Now, Jake, what can I do for you? Ah. And she doesn't. Well, Jake, my advice to you is to tell Mardah how you feel. That way you'll know You broke up? Well then who? Me? Bareil. I was wondering where you disappeared to. (He avoids her kiss.) Come on. You can do better than that. We are the only people here. Everyone else is on the Promenade. We have two hours before we're supposed to join Commander Sisko for dinner. That gives us some time to be alone together. Why not? Jadzia? Is something wrong? She's probably on the Promenade. Why is it so important for you to see Jadzia? For what? Friend? [Wardroom] (Or the Forest, if you've spotted the Shakespearian derivation by now...) Jake, do me a favour. Leave me alone. [O'Brien's quarters] (Molly is playing with her stuffed alien animals.) Oh, I'm not going. Because Bareil will be there. So did I. But it turns out he'd rather be with Dax than me. And to make matters worse, I have Jake Sisko chasing me around the station, professing his undying love. Are you sure? People are acting very strangely today. I'll join you. Maybe you should examine Bareil and Jake while you're at it. It can wait. We have to stop. You'd better go. Peldor joi. [Wardroom] (Dax is using Sisko as a shield) And what's worse, I can't keep my hands off him.
Delectable. (to female) And so are you. (doorbell) Enter. Yes. Come. Join us. As soon as possible. I know. I have news of your husband. I know that. And I hope that will make this easier for you. You see, Benjamin is dead. You must've loved him very much to be so angry with him. To have become so cold. A whole ship full. And it will. As soon as you complete your transpectral sensors we'll be able to locate the rebel bases, disarm them and put an end to all this bloodshed. And I will be able to resume pressing the Alliance to become more reasonable to its Terran population. You do believe me, don't you? [Raider corridor] (Sisko is in civilian clothes) Well these progress reports are unacceptable. Productivity in the ore processing centre is down fifteen percent. You have got to do better. Or are you purposely trying to make me look bad to Sector Command? Such as? I'm sure that pleases the overseers, but it is not getting the job done. Follow me. [Ore processing] Lets start with him, him, and her. Execute them. I think you'll find that random and unprovoked executions will keep your entire workforce alert and motivated. What does my mood have to do with anything? I don't know what you're talking about. Now why would I be upset by such delightful news? Well then, you were mistaken. Too much spirit can be a dangerous thing. It tends to infect others. You seem very sure of yourself. I'll remember that. If the Rebellion continues, I'll know who to blame. [Rebel HQ - bedroom] Sisko? Well, if it isn't the notorious Captain Sisko and his friend the Tinkerer. (Sisko kisses Kira.) Still the same old Benjamin. Perhaps not, but I'm still going to kill you. You flatter yourself. All in good time. But first, whatever shall we do about O'Brien? I remember the first time I saw you, Tinkerer. You were fixing something. You were always fixing things, making things better. And everyone loved you for it. Even me. But that just wasn't enough for you, was it. You couldn't be happy, staying here, being loved. You had to lash out and betray everyone who was ever good to you. Why? Free? You're a Terran. You were born a slave and you'll die a slave. Take him to ore processing. Remind him where he belongs. Do as he says. You demand? And he will. When I say, and not a moment before. I really don't know what to do with you. The only reason I can think of to keep you alive is to infuriate Garak. Well, suppose I let you live. What will I get in return? Your loyalty. That's all I've ever wanted. For you to be at my side, my strong right hand. But I'm afraid I can never trust you again. Which means that I will have to dispose of you eventually. The question is, should it be sooner, or later? Of course you do. It just doesn't count. No, I've got to think about this. I wouldn't dream of keeping it a secret. [Guest quarters] (Jennifer enters with Garak.) That was very clever, Benjamin, having one of your own men betray you so you could get aboard the station. I was completely fooled. Fortunately Mister Garak is somewhat more cynical than I am. I'm afraid there's no escape. Your ship's locked down, your pilot's dead. There's no way out. You might as well surrender. Benjamin, you know how I hate to be kept waiting. Time's up, Benjamin. Benjamin! He always has to make things difficult. Are you sure they're in there? (Security nods.) Good. Then we've got them. Use the manual override to open the doors. Don't worry. He's disappointed me for the last time. [Ore processing] (The Alliance forces rush in to no resistance. Sisko, Jennifer and O'Brien are just standing there.) Jennifer. Oh, I was so worried about you. But you're safe now. In fact, I can assure you that your husband will never annoy you again. Well, he can be very persuasive when he wants to be. I suppose this means you won't be finishing the sensor array. Keep her alive. Kill the others. The only mistake I made was not executing you in the first place. That's impossible. There's no way you could know the station's command access code. Computer, disengage self-destruct sequence. Authorisation Kira alpha nine one seven five blue. He's not bluffing. I know. Give me the new access code and I'll let you go. This isn't over Benjamin. I'll hunt you down. I swear it.
Ugh, ugh, ugh that's awful. You make me sound like some kind of addict. Excuse me. Keiko had Molly. Jake's with him.
