He was. But they found him imperfect and I was made to replace him. (he twitches) You may call me Lore. [Ready Room] Then you say mark. So by ordering a heading so many degrees this way and so many this way, the ship can travel in any direction. All three dimensions. Is equal to the sum of the square of the other two. Two something. Which I once heard, but never understood. Have I committed an offence? You're very clever, Wesley. I now have duties to perform. Correct? Because I was designed to be so human, my brother, I enjoy pleasing humans. It's not important? He didn't seem that clever. I'll be more careful. A child! Thank you for that information, too. You do care about how I perform. I pledge to be worthy of your teaching, my brother. Try not to be jealous of my abilities. [Data's Quarters] (Data sits at a computer terminal) What information are you requesting? Good old Often Wrong Soong. A joke, brother. Actually, he was a genius by human standards. Promises he later proved to be true. Which made you and me possible, brother. Our beloved father. Will I soon have a uniform like that, brother? A system designed to compensate for limited human ability. And you, brother, are beginning to think as a human. You and I are completely different from them. Are you truly satisfied with the knowledge and memory of a few hundred human colonists? Suppose it could reflect thousands? Or millions? Or the knowledge of hundreds of millions of life forms of every kind? We will discuss that in time. It would be foolish to underestimate you, brother. Yes, I lied when I said you were made first, but with good reason. Doctor Soong made me perfect in his first attempt. But he made me so completely human the colonists became envious of me. Until they petitioned Soong to make a more comfortable, less perfect android. In other words, you, brother. Haven't you noticed how easily I handle human speech? I use their contractions. For example, I say can't or isn't, and you say cannot or is not. (sings) I say tomato, you say tomahto. I say potato, you say potahto. (laughs) A very old joke. But then you also have trouble with their humour. Am I right? Do you realise, brother, I can help you become more human? I assumed as much when I began studying you. May I use this to learn more of this vessel and its customs? I promise a report of great detail and accuracy. I have more than I dreamed possible, brother. (And Lore starts accessing ship's records at great speed from terminal 40271) Captain's log, stardate 41242.5. Thanks to Lore's report, we now know what happened to the colonists. Beginning with a child's drawing, enhanced by Lore's description, our computer has constructed the image of a great crystalline entity which feeds on life, insatiably ravenous for the life force found in living forms, capable of stripping all life from an entire world. [Bridge] Lesson number one in becoming more human. You must observe all human customs. An ancient ritual still practiced when they celebrate events of importance. My brother, I toast our discovery of each other. May it fill our lives with new meaning. (Data drinks from the doctored glass) And let us toast also Doctor Soong, who gave me the full richness of human needs and ambitions. A perfect match for my mind, my body. (Data collapses) And let us toast also the great Crystal Entity with whom I learned to communicate. Before Doctor Soong disassembled me, I earned its gratitude by revealing the way to the colonists. Can you image its gratitude when I give it the life on this vessel? [Bridge] Crystal Entity. Upon arriving here you can identify me as the machine named Data. (door bell) End of message. Come in, please. (Wesley enters and sees Lore, or rather Data in Lore's overall, on the floor) Glad you are here, Wesley. Lore suddenly attacked me and I had to turn him off. He discovered we have been using sensors to follow what he does. (twitch) I practiced his facial tic. Do I have it right? Yes. I do use language more formally than Lore. Please inform the Captain I will come up to the Bridge and report on this. A change of mind, Doctor. If I cannot trust the bridge crew, whom can I? Beautiful, isn't it? I will have to examine him to know, sir. Wesley is only showing himself to be alert and responsible. Something to encourage. Come, you can watch everything I do. Be careful of Lore. Good. He is still unconscious. Notice the same twitch, even though he is unconscious? Stay back. We may have problems if he senses someone else is near. (flicks Data's switch on and off) Lore, I have a few questions to ask you. Lore, it is Data. He senses you. I cannot control him if you stay. Please! I will record everything he says. And you want to be as stupid as them, dear brother? (Lore kicks Data in the head, opening a flap of skin) [Bridge] No, Captain, let me talk to it. Open hailing frequencies. Crystal form, I identify myself as Data, advising you to stop your attack. The humans here are powerful, capable of injuring or even destroying you. (The attack stops) Suggest moving fast to confirm what I told it, sir. Permission to use the large transporter in cargo room three. There I can beam up some living pattern, perhaps a large tree. That is correct, Riker. Our ship's phasers will then blast and disintegrate it, proving we are dangerous. Sir? Emergency close! (He slaps the phaser out of Worf's hand) Now, show me your warrior fierceness. (Of course, flesh and blood is no match for the machine) [Data's Quarters] Crystal entity form, it's your old friend. (Data, Crusher and Wesley enter unnoticed as Lore receives a reply from the Entity) Very good. You've understand perfectly so far. Next, I'll signal that I'm about to transport something out, at which time the deflector shields will turn off for a moment, and if you move in at that time (Lore realises that Data has snuck up behind him) (sees Wesley) Then why this marvellous gift? The troublesome little man-child. Are you prepared for the kind of death you've earned, little man? (Beverly steps out, with her phaser) Ah, motherhood. (Lore grabs Data, pushes him into Crusher and grabs her weapon) Back off, or I'll turn your little man into a torch. I promise him exquisite pain unless you obey me too, brother. Do you see now the advantages of being completely human? It includes kindness. I give you your life, Doctor. Go home. Quickly. And I may not injure your son at all. Go! Or he'll be shrieking by the count of five. One, two, three, four (Crusher runs for it) Thank you for my human quality, Doctor Soong. Wait! A small payment for your son's misdeeds. (Lore shoots Beverly in the arm. Data jumps Lore and they fight across the cargo bay, sending barrels and containers flying.)
Stop! What do you think of my followers, Picard? Impressive, aren't they? No, no, no, no, no. I still have the emotional programme my father designed. I wouldn't want to give it up. It's what has given me such a strong sense of family, an intense desire to reunite with my dear brother. I am talking to you, Picard. I will tell you all you need to know. You simply don't understand, do you? You have no idea what has happened here. How I found my true calling. How the Borg found something to believe in. I told you. I will tell you what you need to know. You see, Picard? He's not your pawn anymore. I've helped him to break free, just as I've helped them. Look at them. Look at what I've helped them become. They're no longer simply mindless automatons. They're passionate. Alive. No, you did that. You and your friends. All I did was clean up the mess you made when that Borg you befriended returned to his ship. That doesn't matter. What's important is what I've done here. How I found my calling. I know now why I was created. No one can ever take that away from me. Without me, they would have perished. When I stumbled on their ship, they were lost, disoriented, they had no idea how to function as individuals. They couldn't even navigate their own vessel. They had lost their sense of purpose. I gave them their purpose. And they gave me mine. The reign of biological life forms is coming to an end. You, Picard, and those like you are obsolete. Take them, brother. (Lore takes the phasers away) Acting Captain's log, supplemental. The skeleton crew left on board the Enterprise is unable to help in the search for Commander Data. The planet's unusual EM field is interfering with the ship's sensors, severely limiting their effectiveness. [Bridge] (to Borg) Now, thank you. There you are, brother. I thought it might look good on me. What do you think? Maybe we should work on your sense of humour, brother. Actually, I was thinking La Forge's implants might make him an ideal test subject for my experiment. Using the humans to perfect the procedure will allow us to prevent any further Borg deaths. Good. What is it? I've asked you to stay linked to Crosis at all times. You know that, don't you? I know this must be difficult for you. I know how uncertain you must feel. All of these sensations are new and they can be frightening. Isn't that right? Of course you do. It's only natural. No one is going to blame you for that. But in order to lose those doubts, to keep you from fear and confusion away, I need you to remain linked with the others so that their strength and their confidence can help you. I need you, Goval. I need you to help me build a future for the Borg. I can't do it without you. Will you help me? There you are, brother. Have you made any progress with La Forge? I suspect none of the humans will survive the process but then, it's their own fault, isn't it? They should never have come here. What were they thinking? Humans are so sentimental. Why are you talking like that? Is something wrong with your programming? Maybe I should check your systems. I think I've made a mistake. I don't believe you can tolerate the amount of emotion I've given you. Perhaps I should cut back a little. (he pulls back a fingernail) How's that? Then you prefer having more emotions? They give you pleasure. All right, a little more. For now. Aren't you going to thank me? Don't mention it. I just hope this helps to clarify things for you. (Data leaves) I am concerned about my brother, Crosis. I don't believe he really wants to be a part of our great future. [Bridge] Ah, Captain. Thank you so much for joining us. You are going to assist me in a most important ceremony. [Cavern] It's time to put aside all doubts, brother. It's time to close the door on the past and commit yourself to the great work that lies ahead of us. I need to know I can count on you. As proof, I want you to kill Picard. (Data raises the weapon) I didn't think you'd be able to do it. You've spent too many years among humans. I've asked many sacrifices of you. Sacrifices I knew were necessary in order to build a better future. I want you to know that I ask no more of you than I am prepared to give myself. I am willing to make the greatest sacrifice of all. My own dear brother. Goodbye, Data. You should be careful with that, brother. Somebody could get hurt. I've got a way out of here. I'm willing to forget about what happened back there and take you with me. We don't need anyone else. We're brothers. I'll give you the chip our father made. It contains much more than just emotions. It has memories. Memories our father wanted you to have. (Lore zaps Data with emotion, making him gasp, but Data still managed to shoot Lore) Without me, you will never feel emotion again. I love you, brother.
So, you're still alive. I'm surprised you woke me. Why didn't you just take me apart again and be done with it? That is why the two of you captured me, isn't it? No thanks to you. But thanks to you, dear brother, I spent nearly two years drifting in space. If it hadn't been for a fortunate encounter with a Pakled trade ship, I'd still be out there. Well, since I appear to be an uninvited guest at your little party, I'll leave you with your beloved son and be on my way. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What do you mean, you're dying? You look fine. You're not that old. You look fine. What is this? Some kind of a trick? You did what you had to do? What kind of answer is that? You disassembled me. You took me apart. I would have proven myself worth to you, if you'd just given me a chance. But it was easier just to turn your back and build your precious Data. Why didn't you just fix me? It was within your power to fix me. Next logical step. I am not less perfect than Lore. I don't have to imagine. I know how hard it's been. You'd be surprised, Data. Feelings do funny things. You may even learn to understand your evil brother. To forgive him. We will be more alike, Data, you and I. You'll see. I'm happy for you. (sings) 'The sons of the prophet were valiant and bold, And quite unaccustomed to fear. But of all the most reckless, Or so I am told, Was Abdul Abulbul Amir.' I've always loved that ditty. I could never quite get the cadence right. Thank you, Father. What would you prefer I called you? Often Wrong? That is what the colonists called you, isn't it? Often Wrong Soong. It's a very sloppy rhyme. Wrong Soong. Wrong Soong. It just doesn't work. Let's see. Often Wrong's got a broken heart. Can't even tell his boys apart. Well, well, well, well, well. You're not as feeble as I thought you were. Where's Data? You didn't fill Data with substandard parts, did you, old man. No, that honour was bestowed upon me. You owe me, old man. Not him, me! Nice try, Often Wrong. Nice try. (winces and twitches) I don't know exactly what it's doing, but its doing something. 'There were brave men a-plenty, All well known to fame, Who served in the ranks of the Tsar.' (Lore peels back a thumb nail -eww - and presses a tiny button there. He is beamed away) [Outside Soong's lab]
Stop! You should listen to her, Captain. She's way ahead of you. Right. And I'm not alone.
