A challenge. (the guard leaves) You should prove to be an interesting challenge. Possibly the most interesting to come through that door in many years. Why you, of course. Picard. Jean-Luc. Serial number SP dash nine three seven dash two one five. Son of Maurice and Yvette Picard. Born in La Barre, France. Formerly Captain of the Stargazer, where you conducted extensive studies on theta-band subspace carrier waves. Don't look so surprised. How could we have designed a lure for the Captain of the Federation flagship unless we knew something about his background. In this room, you do not ask questions. I ask them, you answer. If I'm not satisfied with those answers, you will die. To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
You should prove an interesting challenge. Possibly the most interesting to come through that door in many years. Why, you, of course. And now the conclusion [Interrogation room] (Picard is being given a truth drug) Your place of birth? Mother's name? He's ready. Keep the serum at that level. What is your current assignment? What is your mission on Celtris Three? How many others were part of this mission? Name and rank? What are the Federation's defence plans for Minos Korva? Increase the level slightly to point three one. Let's begin again, shall we? Name? Place of birth? Captain Picard. We have already sent a message to Tohvun Three, the nearest neutral planet. They assure us they will dispatch someone immediately. Will you allow me to remove your restraints? (Picard holds up his hands.) I understand that you are a student of archaeology. Did you know that Cardassia boasts some of the most ancient and splendid ruins in the entire galaxy? Apparently when they were first unearthed two hundred years ago, they were. The burial vaults contained unimaginably beautiful artefacts made of jevonite, a rare, breathtaking stone. But most of those objects are gone. What happens to impoverished societies. The tombs were plundered, priceless treasures stolen, a few were preserved in museums but even those were eventually sold in order to pay for our war efforts. Let's not waste time arguing about issues we can't resolve. Would you care to tour the Hebitian burial vaults? My dear Captain, you are a criminal. You have been apprehended invading one of our secret facilities. The least that will happen is for you to stand trial and be punished. But I am offering you the opportunity for that experience to be civilised. Cooperation. We need to know the Federation's defence strategy for Minos Korva. Captain, we have gone to great lengths to lure you here because we know that in the event of an invasion, the Enterprise will be the command ship for the sector encompassing Minos Korva. Wasted energy, Captain. You might come to wish you hadn't expended it in such a futile effort. Are you in good health? Do you have any physical ailments I should know about? (the knife) Beautiful, isn't it? The stone is jevonite. And now you know why it is so highly prized. From this point on, you will enjoy no privilege of rank, no privileges of person. From now on, I will refer to you only as human. You have no other identity. (Madred cuts Picard's clothes off and leaves them around his ankles. Naked, his hands are manacled and attacked to the metal piece above his head. Then the piece is raised so Picard is hanging just above the floor. In other words, a form of crucifixion.) First Officer's log, supplemental. I have returned from the rendezvous point in the Lyshan system with Doctor Crusher and Lieutenant Worf. Captain Picard's fate is still unknown. [Sickbay] Good morning. I trust you slept well? (Picard taken down. He can't lower his arms completely. Madred pours a drink from a flask) Thirsty? I would imagine so. Well, It's time to move on. Yes, I'm sure you have. (he turns on four spotlights behind his desk) How many lights do you see there? No, there are five. Are you quite sure? Perhaps you're aware of the incision on your chest. While you were under the influence of our drugs, you were implanted with a small device. It's a remarkable invention. By entering commands in this PADD, I can produce pain in any part of your body at various levels of severity. Forgive me. I don't enjoy this but I must demonstrate. It will make everything clearer. (Picard falls to his knees in agony) Surprising, isn't it? Most people feel at first that they can steel themselves against it but they're completely unprepared for the intensity of the pain. That was the lowest possible setting. But I've told you that I believe you. I didn't ask you about Minos Korva. I asked how many lights you see. I don't understand how you can be so mistaken. [Observation lounge] I want you to be very careful with your wompat from now on, Jil Orra. Now that she's separated from her mother, she depends on you. Yes, but human mothers and fathers don't love their children as we do. They're not the same as we are. Yes, of course I will. I'll see you later. (Jil leaves carrying her pet) Yes, I think so. And unusually bright. It's amazing, isn't it, the way they're able to sneak into your heart. I must admit, I was completely unprepared for the power she had over me from the moment she was born. Why? From the time Jil Orra could crawl she's been taught about the enemies of the Cardassians, and that enemies deserve their fate. What a blind, narrow view you have. What an arrogant man you are. What do you know of Cardassian history? And what did peace and spirituality get us? People starved by the millions. Bodies went unburied. Disease was rampant. Suffering was unimaginable. But we are feeding the people. We acquired territory during the wars. We developed new resources. We initiated a rebuilding programme. We have mandated agricultural programmes. That is what the military has done for Cardassia. And because of that, my daughter will never worry about going hungry. Shall we begin again? How many lights are there? Wake up. Where were you? What a charming picture. The Picard family, voices raised in song. Is this what's keeping you from breaking? Memories of home and hearth? Images of happier times? I must congratulate you. You're remarkably strong willed. I see no point in holding you further. You may go. Someone will give you clean clothing before we return you to your ship. (the door is opened. Picard slowly gets to his feet and shuffles towards it) We will get what we need from the human female. The human who was part of your abortive assault team, of course. Doctor Beverly Crusher. Not a thing. She's quite safe. I wanted to finish my interviews with you before I interrogated her. I had hoped it might not be necessary. He left us few options. We had to kill him. I'm more optimistic about getting what we need from the woman. You might be right. I'll have to determine that for myself. (Picard sits in the chair) Are you choosing to stay with me? Excellent! I can't tell you how pleased that makes me. [Observation lounge] Oh, you're awake. Have something to eat. I insist. Boiled taspar egg. It's a delicacy I'm happy to share with you. (Madred gives Picard a knife to slice the top off the very large egg, but this one isn't boiled. The contents are still alive and moving. Picard downs it in one) Wonderful. Wonderful. I like you, human. Most people become ill at the sight of live taspar. I remember the first time I ate a live taspar. I was six years old and living on the streets of Lakat. There was a band of children, four, five, six years old, some even smaller, desperately trying to survive. We were thin, scrawny little animals, constantly hungry, always cold. We slept together in doorways, like packs of wild gettles, for warmth. Once, I found a nest. Taspars had mated and built a nest in the eave of a burnt-out building and I found three eggs in it. It was like finding treasure. I cracked one open on the spot and ate it, very much as you just did. I planned to save the other two. They would keep me alive for another week. But of course, an older boy saw them and wanted them, and he got them. But he had to break my arm to do it. What do you mean? I fail to see where this analysis is leading. Be quiet. Picard, stop it, or I will turn this on and leave you here in agony all night. What are the Federation's defence plans for Minos Korva? There are five lights. How many do you see now? How many? That won't help. I have many more. Enjoy your good feelings while you can. There may not be many more of them. I've just received word. There's been a battle. The Enterprise is burning in space. The invasion of Minos Korva has been successful. There's no need for any further information from you. Our troops were successful in spite of your refusal to help me. You might have saved yourself a great deal of torment by yielding at the beginning. There is no such person. The word will be that you perished with your crew. No one will ever know that you are here with us, as you will be for a long, long time. You do, however, have a choice. You can live out your life in misery, held here, subject to my whims, or you can live in comfort with good food and warm clothing, women as you desire them, allowed to pursue your studies of philosophy and history. I would enjoy debating with you. You have a keen mind. It's up to you. A life of ease, of reflection and intellectual challenge, or this. Nothing, really. Tell me how many lights you see. How many? How many lights? This is your last chance. The guards are coming. Don't be a stubborn fool. How many? (Gul Lemec enters) We had some unfinished business.
