(one of the young men who captured the ship) Wing-mounted disruptor cannons, photon torpedo launchers. This ship's an arsenal. I thought you'd be pleased. I didn't fail. They won't find us. It was time for us to leave this godforsaken planet. No, Raakin. You are our leader. Raakin is taking us to another system where we can live out our lives in peace. But I'm sure he's already told you that. This isn't what our father would've wanted. He didn't raise us to run away and hide. You could try to convince Raakin to reconsider. It doesn't suit you. Playing the victim. You chose Raakin. You wanted the strongest for yourself. Is he going to move against me? I remember. I'm the strongest and the smartest. But I have. (Malik's supporters arrive.) It's between us. They only listen to me now. There was a time when I looked up to you, when I called you my brother. When you rejected our father's wishes, you stopped being one of us, and when that happened, you ceased to exist. (He stabs Raakin in I know he's on this ship. We received his signal. You were expecting us. Where is he? In a prison cell? I want to speak with him. We saved your ship. What is it you want with us? Earth considers my father a criminal. Why? Because he brought us to life. You want to take us back to a world that opposes our very existence. That's not our problem. We don't care what happens to you. Humanity is no longer relevant. To quote one of your philosophers, Nietzsche, mankind is something to be surpassed. I'm about to attack you. (Malik grabs Archer, turning him into a I'll tear out his throat. Lower your weapons. Now. (They do, and Malik speaks into him communicator.) Persis. [Klingon ship] What should we do with them? But they'll just come after us.
Why shouldn't I lead? Augments should be led by Augments. You'll tell us what we want to hear, or you'll watch him die, too. Every stasis field in this station will shut down, releasing hundreds of pathogens. I wonder which one will kill you first. We've crossed into Klingon space. (He eventually gives up the Captain's chair to Soong.) We won't be seeing Archer again. He's dead. I had no choice. He attacked us, tried to escape. Yes, Father. I'm not an engineer. This is your plan? To hide again? Starfleet isn't going to give up so easily. They'll send other ships. This gas cloud won't protect us. I'm not certain. But I know that running away isn't the answer. Are you familiar with the name Botany Bay? It's also the name of a pre-warp vessel launched at the end of the Great Wars. The ship carried many of our brethren, including Khan Noonien Singh. All records of the launch were destroyed. They didn't want to be followed. That's exactly my point. Khan was a great leader, but he made one fatal mistake. He ran from his enemies rather than face them. We've spent our entire lives running and hiding. When are we going to make a stand? You asked for me? Can't a son disagree with his father? I thought we were family. I was a child. I didn't know any better. How are the embryos? You're manipulating its DNA. You're changing its personality. Did you fix these mistakes in the rest of us? What right do you have to tamper with their genome? You don't know that this is a defect. Maybe this is the way our creators wanted us to be. We should engage them. Father! Warp trail's been dispersed. Enterprise won't be able to follow us. There's something else we need. (Soong walks away) Father! I need to speak with you. We've underestimated them. Starfleet isn't going to stop until they find us. Before we left C-12, I beamed aboard two dozen canisters of biogenic agents. We can modify a torpedo to carry the pathogens. I wasn't talking about the Enterprise. We use it against the Klingons. The Qu'Vat colony is less than four light-years away. If we detonate the torpedo inside the upper atmosphere, it'll scatter the pathogen across the entire planet. Every organism on the surface will be dead within days. When the High Council hears that humans have decimated their colony, they'll launch a counterstrike. The Klingons will keep Starfleet busy for years. There is no other choice. How long will it be before Starfleet turns to the Klingons for help in finding us? This is the only way to guarantee our survival. What happened to you in prison? You're not the man who raised us. The man who was willing to do whatever was necessary. You won't have to answer to him any longer. I'm taking command. I've already spoken with everyone on the Bridge. They're behind me, but I need to know where you stand. You helped me before. He may have raised us, but that doesn't make him our father. He'll never be one of us. He's given me no choice. I have a plan to protect us from Starfleet and the Klingons, and he won't even consider it. You know what he's doing with the embryos? He's altering their genome. Making them weak and docile, like ordinary humans. Go to his lab, talk to him yourself. I know how much he means to you. I have feelings for him, too. He'll be treated with respect. You have my word. Are you with me? [Soong's lab] Father, please come with us. The crew is united behind me. Don't make this more difficult than it needs to be. No one else has to die. Lock him in his quarters. [Bridge] Soong didn't get off this ship without help. The sensor grid wasn't damaged in the attack. Someone took it offline to cover his escape. He would've needed the security codes. I never gave them to him. Can you think of anyone? He's been in the weapons bay for a day and a half, modifying the torpedo. Maybe I should torture him, just to make sure. What do you think? Only four of us have the codes. Of those four, you and I are the only ones who weren't on the Bridge when Soong escaped. Your heart's beating faster. Perhaps it's trying to tell me something. (she gets up and grabs a knife) Are you going to use that on me? You shouldn't have done that. (They fight, he overpowers her and breaks her back in several places.) I'll miss you. (He kisses her as she dies, unable to breathe,) [Situation room] We'll detonate the torpedo over the southern hemisphere. That'll ensure the maximum number of casualties. What's the weapon's status? The Enterprise. Increase to maximum speed. Load the torpedo. Stand by to fire as soon as we drop out of warp. Do as I say! [Bridge] How much longer? Take us into low orbit. [Bridge] Fire. [Bridge] (Enterprise drops out of warp.) Would you rather they go to prison with you? There's no place for us on Earth or anywhere else. [Bridge] Better to die here. I'll see you soon. [Bridge] [Bridge] You betrayed us all! Goodbye, Father. (But before he can throttle Soong, a neat hole is drilled in him by a phase rifle. Archer had recovered quickly.) Captain's Starlog, May 27, 2154. Our actions at the Klingon colony appear to have satisfied the High Council. They've called off their plans to retaliate against Earth. [Starfleet HQ - cell] (There are no sheets of paper on the wall, or piled up on the floor.)
Are there others like us? A direct hit to this power conduit would demolish their life support systems. All we'd have to do is wait a couple of hours. But we could walk in unopposed. But what if they don't give us a choice? Yes. Understood, Father. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Doctor Soong and his Augments have escaped on a Klingon bird-of-prey. Without any other leads, we've proceeded to the co-ordinates Soong gave us when we began this mission. [Trialis] (The shuttlepod lands by the living areas. They are dark, cold, abandoned, and the away team are using flashlights.) I don't know what you've been told. He's dead. He turned his back on your word. He didn't want to liberate the others. I killed him. We were arguing. He pulled out a knife. I drew mine, he came at me. The next thing I remember there was blood everywhere. (crying) It was an accident. I tried to save him, I tried. (Soong slams him up against the bulkhead.) I'm sorry. Father. I didn't mean to hurt him, I'm sorry. No. No, Father. He's different than I remember. The man who raised us would never risk our lives to protect a human. We'll find out. Why not? He's human. I used to believe that. Why shouldn't I lead? Augments should be led by Augments. Don't be angry with me. I'm just thinking out loud. Then I'll stop. Stay with me. [Situation room] He's lying. Father. He lied. Doctor Lucas, about the embryos. Station access log. Father. (They move to where Lucas can't hear them.) Some men are braver with their own lives than they are with the lives of others. No, not here. In there. (An isolation tube just big enough for one person.) There are thousands of pathogens stored here. Some kill within minutes. The longer we're in this facility, the greater the chance that more ships will come and they might not back down like Enterprise. It's the only way to make him talk. Is one human being worth all our lives and everything you've worked for? [Station corridor] (The away team are safely in the station, and it takes them three shots to fell one Augment standing guard.) (to Persis) Go. Father? No! (Soong pushes him aside and does it himself, but it's too late.) [Station Life Support] It was Raakin's order. Banishment. He wasn't strong enough. We were defending our right to exist. It could get higher. [Bridge] They're friends. I heard them talking. (to Lucas) Is this true, Doctor? Let's find out. (He grabs Phlox and hauls him away) You'll tell us what we want to hear, or you'll watch him die, too. [Bridge] Telurian plague. I like the sound of that. (He adds it to the list of Xenopolycythemia, Synthococcus Novae Type A, Rigelian Fever.) Identifying the most dangerous pathogens. Can't hurt to have a little insurance. They've been transferred to the stasis modules. Take two people with you, load them onto the shuttle. I wasn't sure how I'd justify killing you. Now you've given me the perfect excuse.  Hold onto that. You're a competent fighter, but that isn't good enough. (He easily throws Archer around the room.) I wish I had time to continue our little match. I'm enjoying it. But this will be almost as satisfying. Five minutes after we leave, every stasis field in this station will shut down, releasing hundreds of pathogens. I wonder which one will kill you first. I like you, Captain. I can't allow my brother to die in such a way. This will be much less painful. (He shoots Smike then leaves with Saul.) They've launched a torpedo.
