Problem? This is outrageous. On what charge? I haven't done anything. I'm trying to get away from this Bajoran fanatic. Look at the hate in her eyes. She'd like to kill me. Well, it's obvious. I'm a Cardassian. Better, thank you. Oh, finally, the Federation to the rescue. Are you going to let me out of here? I don't have Kalla-Nohra. I have Pottrik Syndrome. A very similar condition. Take the same medication, as a matter of fact. Labour camp? I've never been to Bajor. I was a military file clerk. I now reside on Kora Two, where I boarded the freighter, which, unfortunately for me, came here. Now, Commander, if you have no more questions, I'd like to be on my way. I put myself in your hands, Commander. [Commander's office] My compliments on your replicators, Major, But this sem'hal stew could use a little yamok sauce. I doubt that, Major. I doubt it very much. And if I refuse to answer? Of course. Persecuting Cardassian goes far beyond your job, Major, it's your passion. I missed that honour. Again, true. In that case, I'll try to make my lies more opaque. You don't want to know. You'll be disappointed. I had the distinction of serving in the exalted position of filing clerk. I told you you'd be disappointed. Actually, I would have preferred to avoid military service altogether, but I had the good fortune to be posted to the records office at Gallitep, and I turned out to be an exemplary file clerk. In fourteen units of service, I never misplaced or lost a record. I received numerous commendations. Gul Darhe'el himself called my computer filing system a masterpiece of meticulous exactitude. Well, there you are. My secret's out. My crimes laid bare. I await execution. Until now. Believe it or not, filing. Be my guest. So much for our search for the truth. Now we trade insults. We all did. Atrocities? What atrocities? Oh, I do vaguely recall hearing a scream from time to time. Atrocities? No. Of course I saw bodies. People died all the time at Gallitep. Mining accidents, illnesses, feuds among the workers. At times. Over food, a blanket, a woman. The conditions were harsh. It was a labour camp, Major. You saw what we wanted you to see. Who do you think started the rumours about brutality at Gallitep? It was Gul Darhe'el himself. Now there was a leader. Brilliant, extraordinary man. He knew that to rule by fear was to rule completely. Why bother with actual mass murders, when the mere reports of such incidents had the same effect. You know as well as I do, Major. To keep you Bajorans thinking of yourselves as victims. To keep you afraid and helpless. Leaving was a political decision, Major. I've enjoyed reminiscing with you. Now I think it's time you let me out of here. Oh, no, no, no, no, of course not. No, you see you're the one who's lying now, Major. it's not the truth you're interested in. All you want is vengeance. [Commander's office] Let me guess. You've come back to learn the secret of my filing system. Is that so. I don't think I could pay for all of them, Major. There were so many, and you can only execute me once. Tell me, Major, did you figure it all out by yourself, or did you have help from your Federation masters? War crimes? How could there be war crimes when there hasn't been a war? Oh, I can understand your wish there had been a war. Your need to indulge some pathetic fantasy of brave Bajoran soldiers marching to honourable defeat. But in fact, Major, you and I know there was no war, no glory. Bajor didn't resist, it surrendered. Well, we can't have that, Major, I want no more secrets between us. Anything you don't understand, I'll explain to you. What lies? You mean my failure to divulge my true identity? Believe me, Major, I yearned to tell you but I knew how much more satisfaction you would have if find out for yourself. And that was my only deception. Marritza was a magnificent file clerk. And I, Gul Darhe'el, I hope you'll not think it immodest of me to say so, but I was a magnificent leader. You never saw Gallitep at its height. For a labour camp, it was the very model of order and efficiency. And why? For that, you have to look to the top. To me! My word, my every glance, was law and the verdict was always the same, guilty. Oh, no, no, Major. You can't dismiss me that easily. I did what had to be done. My men understood that, and that's why they loved me. I would order them to go out and kill Bajoran scum, and they'd do it. They'd murder them and they'd come back covered in blood, but they felt clean. Now why did they feel that way, Major? Because they were clean. I admit everything. Why not? I was the best at what I did. My accomplishments speak for themselves. Can you say the same? You and that little Shakaar resistance cell that you belonged to. All you did was annoy Cardassians, while I was out exterminating Bajorans. Oh, I will. Let them. Don't you see? It doesn't change anything. Kill me, torture me, it doesn't matter. You've already lost, Major. You can never undo what I've accomplished. The dead will still be dead. What will you do now, Major? Withhold my medicine? [Security office] (Odo enters with a small glass of blue liquid) Oh, back to see the Butcher. Am I really so fascinating? This provisional government of yours certainly moves slowly. They should've dragged me away in chains by now. My, my, you are a strutting little egotist. You forget the brilliance of Marritza's filing system. He made sure that I was provided with information on all your little terrorist bands. What I particularly enjoyed were the termination reports. Yes, life in a forced labour camp can be so isolating. At times I felt that I alone bore the burden of cleansing Bajor of its rabble, but those reports reassured me I was not alone. At the risk of bruising your vanity even further, Major, I didn't remember you at all until I heard your name here. I can see that disturbs you. You know, Major, they will be coming for me soon, so before we say goodbye, there are a few little questions I should like to ask you. How can you be so sure? Or are you just afraid to hear them? [Promenade] (A bunch of Bajorans dressed in labour camp garb are keeping a vigil outside Odo's office) Yes, yes, let's get to the real issue. How many Cardassians did you kill? I mean personally. Oh, I think you did. And I'm sure your total wasn't limited to military personnel. After all, the most effective terrorist weapon was random violence. Don't leave now, Major, it's just getting good. How many Cardassian civilians did you kill? How convenient of you. So were we! We had an empire to protect. We needed your resources. Everything I did was for the greater glory of Cardassia! And if you spineless scum had to be ground under, so much the better. All that mattered was Cardassia. I loved my homeland. That's what justified my actions, that's what gave me my strength. What you call genocide, I call a day's work. I was starting to get a little bored, but seeing you again brightens my day. Oh, so that's it. You want to see me writhe around on the floor in pain. A Cardassian would never put on such a deplorable display in front of a Bajoran. You just don't understand us at all. And what would that be? Did you think that the mining accident only affected the Bajoran labourers, and not their Cardassian masters? That would be very nice. Of course. Why are we going over this again? That's ridiculous. The reports are wrong. That won't be necessary. I know where I was. I don't know what you're talking about. All right, that's enough. Your presence no longer amuses me. Get out. Security, get this woman out of here! Why don't you ask me something intelligent, as for instance how I did I feel when we were withdrawing from Bajor? The answer is, I was furious! The thought of leaving any survivors behind was repulsive to me. So while our useless office clerks were packing their precious files, I ordered my overseers to begin slaughtering the labourers. My plan was to do nothing less than kill every Bajoran in the camp! And to this day, my one regret is that I was not able to accomplish this honourable goal. You mistake me for that bug? That whimpering nothing? Oh, you stupid Bajoran girl, don't you know who I am? I'm your nemesis, I'm your nightmare. I'm the Butcher of Gallitep. That's not true. I am alive. I'll always be alive. It's Marritza who's dead. Marritza, who was only good for cowering under his bunk and weeping like a woman. Who, every night, covered his ears because he couldn't bear to hear the screaming for mercy of the Bajorans. (He breaks down in tears) I covered my ears every night. I couldn't bear to hear those horrible screams. You have no idea what it's like to be a coward, to see these horrors and do nothing. Marritza's dead. He deserves to be dead. (Kira releases the cell forcefield) What are you doing? Security? Get in here! No, don't you see? I have to be punished. We all have to be punished. Major, you have to go out and tell them I'm Gul Darhe'el. It's the only way. For Cardassia. Cardassia will only survive if it stands in front of Bajor and admits the truth. My trial will force Cardassia to acknowledge its guilt. And we're guilty, all of us. My death is necessary. There's nothing for me to go back to. If they believed that I was Gul Darhe'el, then my trial might have helped bring about a new Cardassia. Now you've told them I was just a file clerk.
