Now, Seamus, you're not a great one for telling things the way they were. Tommy boy practicing unholy magic. Next thing you'll be telling me is, you want to pay for your own drinks. If you're talking about Katie O'Clare, you'd better watch your mouth. They also say superstition is the religion of fools. Killmannin. Did you ever hear of it, Doc? What happened to them? So Katie's some kind of goblin now, is that it? Katie. Aw, just some nonsense. Seamus is up to his old tricks again. Oh, it's good to see you. What'll it be? Well, one cup of tea coming right up. Did you snatch any children on the way into town, Katie? Never mind. I missed your smile. What have you been doing with yourself? You'll have to bring him into the bar the next time you're up. We'll arrange a debate. I've got to tend the bar. I wish you'd let me know you were coming, I would have made arrangements. No, I mean, you've already made the trip. It'd be a shame if you had to leave. Now, that's enough! I can't deny there's been some unusual goings on, but what are you proposing? That we run Katie and her friends out of town? Or maybe we should line them up in front of a firing squad. Is that what you want? These people have been our neighbours. We've become friends. Let's not forget that. I'm not saying we do nothing, but let's go about this like civilised people.  You're looking lovelier than ever, Katie. Open it. It's the longest poem in the English language, and the first to use a nine line stanza. Really? I didn't know that. It seems as if there's a lot of things I don't know about you. I thought you'd want to know there's been some talk about you and your friends. Strange things have been happening around town. Folk are saying you're to blame. People using unholy magic. Vanishing into thin air. Changing the weather. As a matter of fact. Frankly, they could tell me you're the devil himself and I wouldn't care. The sad truth of the matter is, I don't know who you are. You've been lying to me, Katie. I've been doing some checking with friends of mine in County Clare. Seems nobody's heard of you there. And I've got a lot of friends. You've been evasive from the day we met. I was a fool not to see it. Where do you go when you leave here? There've been times I wanted to talk to you, tell you about my day, about a book I'd read, just to say hello. But I can't, because I don't know where to find you. What're you hiding, Katie? I wish I could believe that. What circumstances? Try me. Who are you, Katie? Where are you really from? The truth. Where am I? Where's Katie? I said, where the hell am I? What is this place? If someone doesn't tell me where I am, I'm going to start busting heads. What're you saying? What's a perceptual filter? Never better. Harry, Liam's been looking for you. You're the only man in four counties to beat him at arm wrestling. He wants a rematch. I'll do that. Looking forward to it. Come here. Fetch Doc Fitzgerald. Tell him to meet me in the church. Go on. Hurry, lad! [Bridge]  I'm not a superstitious man, Doc, but I've been seeing things I can't explain. No, it's not. Last night I was talking to Katie, and the next thing I knew I was being spirited away to God knows where. Maybe it was the Other World. I don't know. Tom Paris was there. Young Harry, too. I'm not sure. They were talking about me like I wasn't there. Saying things about Fair Haven. That we knew too much about them. And that's not all. They were saying something about coming to the pub tonight to change the town somehow. I'm damned if I know. With all the talk about us knowing too much about them, I figured that if I pretended nothing was out of the ordinary, they might let me go. And sure enough, that's exactly what they did. I'm not sure what they have in mind, but we'd better be prepared. [Sullivan's - night] I doubt if it says anything about using rifles. I don't like this one bit. Guns, Seamus. That's just it. We don't know much about anything, do we? And we've got Milo here acting like a holy war has been declared. Leave them alone. It's bad enough you've got them trussed up like Christmas turkeys. There's no need for foolish threats. Oh, so we're going to start turning on one another now, is This is no charm. It's some kind of a machine. You're from some sort of vessel? Maybe he's not. This ship of yours. Is that where you took me? Katie's on that ship, isn't she? Tell me where to find her so I can get to the bottom of this. Then I guess I'm asking the wrong person. (to EMH) Tell me how to get to Voyager. I have. How do I get there? (The EMH slowly turns his head to look at the mobile emitter in Michael's hand.) [Bridge] I had a cousin went to America. He saw some strange things, but nothing like this. Voyager. I know. You've seen my world. It seems fair that I should have a chance to see yours.  So, this really is a starship. But how can that be possible? Are you telling me you've travelled back through time? That's Patrick Gibson and his cousin, Frank. They work on the wharf. They're in my pub every Saturday night for the rings tournament. Why? I'm not letting you off the hook that easy, Kathryn Janeway. There must be more interesting places to explore than Fair Haven. I guess that leaves but one question. How long are you planning on staying? My door is always open. But you're the captain of a starship, I'm a barkeep. It's me, Milo. I've been to the place they call Voyager, and I've brought Katie back with me. They had nothing to do with what happened in Killmannin, if it happened at all. Seamus, you were right about one thing. They are quite different from us, but not in so many ways that we can't be friends. Katie showed me things that are beyond our comprehension. They have machines that I can't begin to describe, but not once have they used them against us. Quite the opposite, in fact. Milo, you said you didn't like the rain and young Harry Kim made it go away. Edith Mulchaey herself said that Katie O'Clare pulled her daughter from the well and out of harm's way. These are not the deeds of spirits and mischief makers. There, you see? We have his word, and if we can't trust a man's word in Fair Haven, what can we trust? I, for one, would like to keep playing rings with Harry and Tom, keep having Neelix's steamed cabbage at the Ox and Lamb, keep taking walks with Katie. Let's not turn our backs on these good people. If we do, we're only punishing ourselves. Just because we're from different worlds doesn't mean we can't care for each other. [Engineering] What's this, Christmas come early? A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, by Mark Twain. I've read some of his books, but not this one. Sounds familiar. Maybe I have read it. Thank you, Katie. Or Kathryn now, is it? They say if you know a spirit's true name that it renders you impervious against her charm. Do you think there's any truth in that? I'm glad to hear it.
What'll it be? We're all friends here. He's right over there, with young Harry. Poor sod. I'm afraid no one's whipped Liam in three years. An optimist, are you? I just made one. Cream? So, what brings you to Fair Haven, Miss? How long have you been on the road? You must be homesick. Cead mile failte. A hundred thousand welcomes. It's an old Irish saying. We're all friends here. Definitely Irish. Ah. Then you're closer to home than you think, Katie O'Clare. Oh no, stay awhile. Didn't your auntie teach you that it's impolite to leave without playing a game of rings? Afraid you'd lose? Prove it. I'll set them up. (And later, another ring goes over one of the thirteen numbered hooks in the shield on the wall. Think darts without the arrows)MICHAEL: Another ringer. I did not. These boots are half a size too large, so in reality my toes never crossed the line. Your turn. Getting sweet with the rings isn't going to help you. Devil won't help you, either. That's not a woman's game, Katie. You could get hurt. Ah! That's quite a grip you have. I couldn't help but notice that you have your leg braced against the bar. Will we call it a draw? Shall we run a foot race down to the station and back? It's good to make a new friend. You have a nice way about you. Another pearl of wisdom from your auntie? Swift? Never heard of him. I was never one for reading. Well, they say that Doctor Gilroy has a library of books and, well, next time I see him I'll ask him can I borrow one or two? (A woman enters.) Good morning. Oh, my God, will you look at the time? Frannie, come here. There's someone I want you to meet. Katie O'Clare, this is my wife, Frances. We were arm wrestling. And, er, drop in again before you leave town. Um, I'm afraid you've just missed it. Have a seat, wait for the next one. Do you know Jane Eldon? I'd be terrified if you had. She's been dead seventy years. No, I was er, I was thinking about her poetry. It's too pastoral for my taste, don't you agree? Really? Well, what about Sean Gogarty? They have similar Not at all. I love the sound of the trains coming and going. It gets me thinking about places I'd like to visit. Have you travelled much yourself? It's a steep climb but from the top of the battlement you can Eh, you'll be dining alone without me. One taste of the Faeries' banquet and you'll never return to this world. Believe? No. But I do respect them. Can I ask you something, Katie? Have you a man waiting for you at home? Are you looking for one? In Fair Haven? Not unless you fancy a pig farmer. What about a barkeeper who reads poetry in strange places? Sullivan. Michael Sullivan. That's a fine tattoo. Are you off a ship? We're on the way up to the old castle. You're welcome to come with us. Is it my imagination, or did he call you captain? Faster, boys. (The music finally ends.) Can I ask you something, Katie? Would you mind if I kissed you? There's no point in waiting any longer, is there? Is there something wrong? Sit anywhere you like. (He tosses back another drink.)MICHAEL: Vile. It's been fifteen years since I touched the stuff. I was hoping it might ease the pain. Agony's more like it. How could you do this to me, Lord? Why don't you ask him? You've got his ear, don't you? Three days. The happiest three days of my life. I was a fool to think she felt the same. I was such a fool! Shut your mouth, man, or I'll shut it for you. We, we spent a perfect day together by the lake. I drifted off to sleep and when I woke up, she was gone. Where is she, Tom? Katie O'Clare, who else? Your friend. Are you calling me a liar? I thought Katie and me were in love. What's the matter? You don't think I'm good enough for her? Well, tell me where she's gone. Well, I think you do. (Michael grabs Paris. A fight begins.) You disappeared on me, Katie. I woke up and you'd gone. Are you done? Why? That's not a very good reason. Another man? Your friends, they don't approve of me? Are you not ready to settle down yet? You're not making any sense. I have a feeling that you won't be forgetting us that easily, Fair Haven has that effect on people. But there's one thing I want you to know. I love you, Katie. See that you do. (She kisses him.)
 B'Elanna, come and have lunch. You'd better eat while you can. You know our dads aren't going to catch any fish. It was Dean's fault. He put a worm in her sandwich. Really?
