Odo! (Odo turns to see a Bajoran man who looks similar to himself. Everyone say Hi! to James Sloyan) It's been too long. You're looking well. Yes, coming along nicely. It was a last minute arrangement. Yes, some Deka tea would be nice. Haven't quite managed the ears yet, have you? Oh, no, but they're difficult. Is the suit a suit, or part of you? And what about the boots? Thank you. I was personally responsible for his development during his formative years. Well, actually I Is he? That was uncalled for. I know that he was trying very hard to present you in a positive light to someone he thought was important to you, and you responded with Still having trouble with social integration? Define as much as I want to. So, tell me about this police thing you've gotten yourself involved with. Is it working out? Chief of Security at a way-station in space. Don't you miss it, Odo? Our work. I don't believe it. I know you too well. You were unhappy in the lab, I can't blame you for that. But the work, Odo, the work. The exploration of you, what you are, where you came from. That's never far from your mind, is it. Good. Because I came here counting on that. [Sisko's quarters] It would seem to me that being a scientist yourself, Lieutenant, you can appreciate the difficulty of our dilemma, and the elegance of the solution. When Odo was first found, nobody knew who, or indeed, what it was we were dealing with. A shapeless, viscous mass of fluid, a veritable organic broth. That was our Odo in the beginning. It's true. It's very true. Tell her. Seen isn't really an appropriate description. He had no eyes per se. He had never perceived anything like us before. Go on. It was remarkable. Every morning I would come into the lab, and every morning Odo would be there resting in his liquid form in a Krokan petri beaker. One morning I walked in and Odo was gone. The beaker was empty, but next to it was an identical beaker that had not been there before. A perfect replica in every way. It was amazing. It hasn't been the same since you've gone, Odo. Working with you has been the most rewarding part of my career. Do the letters mean anything to you? Judging by its position in the ruins, I think it's fair to say that this pillar represented something important to the people who lived here. Where is Doctor Weld? Doctor Weld? Is it carbon based? Odo Junior, perhaps. I heard them say something had happened in the lab. Gone? I want to help. I know more about shape-shifters than anyone in this sector. Any metamorphic characteristics? Any indication of intelligence? It might be. It might be. Don't dismiss any possibility. Doctor Weld hasn't regained consciousness. I feel responsible. It appears as though our lifeform has survived and grown into something interesting. Constable? It's the expression of affection that you find difficult to accept. [Promenade] You know, that was really a remarkable display back there. You were very careful, attentive. I'm beginning to think that the scientific method and police method have a lot in common. In science we look for the obvious. We track in straight lines. If something looks too good to be true, it usually isn't true. If there appears to be more to something than meets the eye, there usually is more. We take it step by step. You do it very well. I'm very proud of you, Odo. Do you know that? [Science lab] What about this pillar? Did the computer have any success decoding the encryptions? Have you compared this new organic strain to the lifeforms we brought back from the planet? It might be interesting to see if there are any commonalties at all. Do you know Odo well, Lieutenant? I'm not surprised. I never realised until I actually saw him how much I missed him. We didn't part on very good terms. He wanted to leave and we still had so much work left to do. But I see him now and I wonder if he wasn't right to go. After all, he's come so far. I never thought he could do it. Integrate successfully. If you could have seen him before. He was so ill-prepared to be on his own. I was sure he'd come back. I told him when he left, he'd come back, and all these years I was so certain that eventually one day he'd show up at the lab. Well, I guess I'd better get used to the idea he's not going to. Which one's this? It's not the same entity. The nucleotide sequences are entirely different. Yes, on a most basic level. At best they could be distant cousins. How long would that take? Let me know. [Security office] That's a relief. You can tell that just by observing me, the tone of my voice, my eyes, my body movements? You are truly a remarkable lifeform, Odo. But there is so much about you we still don't understand. The computer has broken down the DNA chain from the organic sample we found in the Infirmary. Dax is running an analysis of it now. She'll identify it in a couple of hours. But I already know what it is. I've seen it before. The organic sample, it's from you, Odo. (Gasps and adverts) The destruction in the science lab occurred at zero three hundred hours, five minutes. The attack in the Infirmary occurred at nineteen thirty five. Roughly sixteen hours apart. Is your rejuvenation period still sixteen hours? But were you? I don't think so. I think, Odo, that you've been in the ironic position of having to track down yourself. Has anything like this ever occurred before? Are you certain? Any unsolved crimes on the books? Then the possibility exists. Isn't it? A possibility. It's certainly worth of an investigation. Doctor Bashir will not understand any of this, except that you turned into some kind of uncontrolled thing that tried to kill him. Really, Odo. What do you think they'll do with you? They won't know what to do with you. They'll put you in a high security prison, or quarantine you on a deserted asteroid in the Gamma Quadrant. Odo, they'll put you in a zoo. What other humanoid have you been able to trust except me? I resent that. I really do. After the time I invested in you, after the education I gave you, the attention I gave you. You would not be here today if it were not for my guidance. I gave you more than anyone else in my life. You were my life. And then you walked away. And now you don't trust me? Fine. Put yourself in their hands then. You always had to learn your lessons the hard way, didn't you. (Odo is very anguished and looking rather moist) Why? We'll work through this together. We'll solve it together, just like we used to. I can help you with that, Major. The creature you're after is Odo. There must have been some kind of metamorphic reaction to the volcanic gas that we encountered on the planet. I don't know. It's not Odo really. It's separate and independent from the Odo we know, and yet, at the very least, it's aware of me. The incident in the science lab. I believe that was an attempt to rescue the lifeforms I placed in containment. The second encounter occurred in the Infirmary where I was asleep. The third happened just a couple of minutes ago when we got into a heated discussion in Security. I think that even the Constable himself would arrive at the same conclusions given the evidence. On some instinctual level, this creature is familiar with me. It had occurred to me. There's only one way that you're going to attract that creature into your trap. It's me it's after. [Promenade] I understand. Ready and waiting. (Everyone peers into the gloom from their hiding places. Starfleet security are in force on the upper level) What are you waiting for? I'm here, and I'm not going anywhere. (An amorphous mass drops to the floor behind him, rears up and gets caught by the forcefield, Forbidden Planet style.) I've done it to you again, haven't I, Odo? Made you a prisoner? Dear God, what have I done? We have a lot to talk about. [Infirmary] I'm going home. You had to speak in a voice loud enough for me to hear. I'm sorry it was necessary. I would like, in a very small way, to be a part of your life again. Your life here on the station. From time to time, we could talk about things that matter to you. To us.
Odo! Well, I heard about the changeling. I came to help. Remarkable. You know, it's much larger than you were. What is that, about a quarter of a litre? You didn't measure it? It could make a great deal of difference. Size could be an indication that it's already exercised its ability to shape-shift. Fortunately I was visiting my parents on Bajor when I got news of your find. How are you, Odo? I've been worried. I heard that your people took away your ability to shape-shift. I knew you were going to say that. You never want to give anything away even though it's all right there in your face. Well, let's get started, hmm? We have a lot of work ahead of us. I told Starfleet that I won't be coming back for a couple of weeks. No, it'll take at least that long to get the changeling to respond. (Mora points a device at the baby.) Well, I see you still have trouble controlling your temper. I was just trying to determine its mass. Alone? Odo, you don't know the first thing about teaching a changeling how to shape-shift. It's too warm in here. You know, a changeling's morphogenic matrix is most malleable at seventeen degrees Celsius. That's true. But why not make it easy for the changeling. It took me weeks to figure out the optimal temperature, the humidity, even the light levels. Now don't you think that's information you could use? Oh, feel free to, of course. Except I was never one to keep extensive records. I always wanted to move on to the next test. Oh, so that's what this is about. You still resent the things I did to you in order to induce you to shape-shift. Well I know they weren't pleasant for you, but really, Odo, I would hope that you would get past that by now. I am disappointed. I imagine they're less invasive. Huh. I didn't say that. As a matter of fact, I'd be fascinated to see what you have in mind. If you insist. [Birthing room] (Kira gasps.) I'm measuring its volume. It's been here a week and it's only grown seventeen percent. After three days in my lab, you were twice that size. My point is, you've made no progress. By this time I'd already gotten you to mimic half a dozen simple forms. It's a shame you're not a changeling anymore. You could link with it and teach it everything it needs to know. It might very well be. Let's face it, Odo, your shape-shifting ability was somewhat limited. Maybe that's why your people were able to force you to take a humanoid form. Let's run a few tests and find out. I'm trying to help. Everything I did to you was for your own good. True, some of the tests that I subjected you to proved inconclusive. How could I know until I tried? By the Prophets, Odo, I wasn't even sure you were a lifeform. Once I realised you were sentient, the Cardassians wanted to know everything about you. I was under enormous pressure to come up with results, and I did. My technique worked. The fact that you are standing here whining about it proves it. You really believe that? How pathetic. If it wasn't for me, you'd still be sitting on a shelf somewhere, in a beaker labeled unknown sample. I'm getting a little tired of standing around watching you, but I can't seem to pull myself away. I can't wait to see what next preposterous thing you're going to try. Who knows, maybe in a couple months, it may get so tired of your incessant chatter that it might actually do something. At the rate we're going, that is still a long way off. Now you understand the kind of pressure I was going through. I brought my old equipment from Bajor. Maybe it's time we started unpacking. (And now Mora's equipment is set up.) Any time you're ready. (Odo pours baby into the big dish.) Oh, no, no, no. I'm just an observer here. (Odo works a control panel and a wide blue circle appears on the bottom of the dish.) Odo, the changeling won't respond to anything less than six millivolts. Spare the rod, spoil the child. Odo, without discomfort the changeling will be perfectly comfortable to remain in its gelatinous state. It'll just lie there, never realising it has the ability to mimic other forms, never living up to its potential. Odo, six millivolts is not going to hurt it. Once it realizes there's no charge in the centre, the procedure will be finished. (Odo ups the voltage and baby starts moving, searching for somewhere more comfortable.) Checking to see if I'm enjoying myself? (Baby moves into the small circle in the middle.) I smiled the first time you did that. Little did I realise you'd end up hating me for it. Well, shall we move on? I had to try that three times before you caught on. You're not serious. Well someday, if you're very lucky, this changeling will give you the satisfaction of saying, thank you very much, you did so much for me. Then again, it may leave the way you did. It will announce that it's striking out on its own and you will never hear from it again. I'm going to get something to eat. (Baby stretches up, then makes an Odo face on the end of it. They look at each other before it returns to being a cylinder) [Security office] I mean, the eyes! The eyes are incredible. Oh, put that down. We're celebrating. Well you can catch up later. Aren't you excited about what happened? Tomorrow, we can expose the changeling to simple life-forms so it can mimic them. Some algae, some fungus. In a few more days, maybe even an invertebrate. Well, you may get that chance sooner than you think. The changeling is developing far faster than you did. I didn't mean that as a criticism. If anything, it's a compliment. I mean, I was wrong. Your approach to communicating to the changeling was sound. I mean, don't you see? It's reaching out to you. It's curious about you. The first time you ever did anything like that was when you formed a tentacle to slap my hand away from the control panel. You formed a connection with this changeling. That is something I was never able to do with you. You feared me. You don't know how much it means to me to hear you say that. I'm sorry, I know this sort of talk makes you uncomfortable. I suppose it's all my fault. If I hadn't poked and prodded you so much, you may have grown up with a less forbidding disposition. I'll leave you to your work. It's morphogenic matrix is destabilising. It's dying. [Infirmary] You might try an enzymatic induction. That might stabilise the biomimetic fluctuations. Odo, please, wait outside. We'll do everything we can. [Birthing room] What happened? Where did it go? What? (Odo walks out of the Infirmary, morphs into a hawk and flies along the Promenade, leaving his clothes on the floor. Then he lands on the upper level and turns back into fully dressed Odo.) [Airlock] So how does it feel to be yourself again? I am sorry. If it helps, think of it as a gift. Something the changeling wanted you to have. You had to find your own way in the world. You still can. (they embrace) Take care of yourself, Odo (Mora goes into the airlock and Kira comes out.)
