Captain? Join the party, Seven. It's no fun to stand there by yourself. No? I'd be happy to give it a try. Let's see, the subspace field matrix looks right. Excellent idea, Captain. And if the warp coils were re-phased, it would increase power to the nacelles. I'm dying, Seven. Don't let me die. I'm dying, Seven. (Seven enters deck fourteen and checks the status of the stasis chambers. All is well, so she continues her search.) It's my secret recipe. I've never told anyone what's in it.
What can I do for you, Captain? Didn't you see them when you came in? Take a look. Computer, activate lights.(The lights illuminate a group of cobwebbed corpses sitting at a long table.) [Bridge] They died. You didn't get them home in time.(An alien is there, too. As Paris struggles with the shuttlecraft, an alien appears outside the window.When Seven stops kissing Kim, he sees an alien and screams, but doesn't wake up, unlike Tuvok and Janeway and Paris.) [Paris's quarters]  Morning, Tom. What'll it be? Scrambled? Sunny side up? Over easy? Are you sure? Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, you know. Right. (Neelix pours the drink. Paris tastes it. It is awful.) Why do you ask? Actually I did have a little trouble sleeping last night. Nightmares. Must have been those three full moons we passed yesterday. Well, a few sips of my coffee should clear the fuzz out of your brain.  And the next thing I knew, I was being boiled alive in a pot of my own leola root stew. It was perfectly seasoned.(Kim enters.) Is everyone awake now? Tell us yours. Yes, Commander, tell us. What do Vulcan's dream? Alone, exiled on a planet where the only form of communication is laughter. You're not the only one. Maybe we're not. Interacting with one another. Maybe this is all one person's dream, for example mine, and none of you are really here. Sorry, Commander. I didn't mean to frighten you. Just rearranging the supply cabinets. I couldn't sleep. How about a soothing cup of tea? I know it's silly, but every time I'm about to doze off, I'm terrified that I won't be able to wake again. (Paris and Kim enter.) You know, I could learn to enjoy these late night get-togethers.
Welcome to Voyager. What makes you say that. I'll admit there was a time when I dabbled in commerce but, these days I focus my efforts on food and diplomacy. Ah, the question is, what are you looking for in return? Commander, don't we have some spare duranium sheeting in cargo bay one? With a few modifications, it could be converted into gravity plating. Yes, sir. Mister Abaddon, follow me please. [Astrometrics lab]  That makes fifteen power regulators in fair condition, and three more we could salvage with a little work. Seven has some doubts about the ion exchange rods. Oh, just a few items I thought might have some historical value. They don't cost much. Oh yes, there is one other item. A small vessel that could be an asset. Add to that an optronic weapons array. Abaddon's agreed to give it to us for three used power cells and Tom's interactive record collection. Temperamental? Don't worry, Mister Abaddon, she's in good hands. [Transporter room] Let me guess. All trades are final. [Alice]  Seven, can I get you something? Really? It's not the only item that didn't live up to its advertising. (Seven looks at the items Neelix is cleaning.) According to Abaddon, they're lost treasures of the Delta quadrant. If you ask me, they're worthless trinkets. (She picks up a gem embedded in a piece of clear material.) Valuable? If Abaddon knew about this, he'd never have traded it for a few plasma couplings. Maybe I should return it. Another anniversary? Congratulations. I'll whip up some hors d'oeuvres for the crew. And Alice, of course. There's nothing like having your own ship. I remember when I first laid eyes on my little freighter, Baxial. Actually, I thought she was the ugliest thing I ever saw. But she grew on me. Eventually, I couldn't imagine being without her. You know, she's still down at the shuttlebay. Why don't we get her and Alice together and go on a double date. I wanted to say thank you for this lost treasure. I'm surprised a trader of your distinction would let this slip through his fingers. I could say all trades are final, but we'd be willing to give it back in exchange for some cooperation. [Briefing room] Mister Abaddon?
Hard to tell. A fertility symbol, maybe. Or happiness and love. What? (They go back to a side cave with a bright light shining from a platform at the top of a short flight of steps.) It looks like a shrine. Come on, sweeting, we don't want to be left behind. Kes! Kes, can you hear me? Help! Somebody! We need help! (Torres and Kim are first on the scene.) She didn't touch anything. She went as far as that archway and then an energy field knocked her down. You can cure her, can't you? Excuse me, Captain. I'd like to do something to help. (to Kes) I'll be back soon. [Ready room]  How is she? I've researched everything I could find about the sacred shrine. I didn't uncover much scientific evidence, but there was one story, it was in a very old text, I'm not sure how reliable, about a boy who recovered from a condition like Kes's. He was a young prince. He wandered into the shrine accidentally and he went into a death sleep. Everyone said it was the will of the spirits. His father, King Nevad, refused to accept that, so he went through the ritual to seek an audience with the spirits and he pleaded for his son's life. The spirits in their infinite mercy granted his request. That was the only trace of hope that I could find. What? What is it? What have you found? Is that bad? Is that good or bad? So you have something that will help Kes. It should be me going through all that! I was the one who let Kes get hurt in the first place. I'm wallowing? It's just frustrating to be so helpless. What's that? Is something wrong? It isn't. What does that mean? Hmm? What? Something is wrong! Why isn't she? Can't we try again? Have you found a way to help her? I hate to question you, Captain, but why? You know you'll always have my gratitude for everything you've done to save Kes, but I couldn't and I know she couldn't ask you to risk your own life like this. There are too many other people who need you. These are the same people who were willing to let Kes die just for disturbing their shrine. Can you take their word for it that you'll be safe in there?
 Look on the bright side. there's only three meals a day. Sorry, Captain. We lost two more replicators this morning Yes, ma'am. Coffee, black. While I've got your attention, there are It's a, it's a delicate matter. Replicators aren't the only systems of convenience offline. We've only got four functioning lavatories for a ship of a hundred and fifty people. Needless to say, lines are beginning to form. If we don't get unstuck soon we may have a serious problem on our hands. Especially with the Bolians. All but three sonic showers are offline, too. In another couple of days Yes ma'am. I was thinking, if we drew up a schedule.
It's vicious. Ambassador Treen's people have been defending themselves against a particularly savage aggressor for more than a decade. He's willing, but he may not be able. But he's assured me that if his troops do find Chakotay, he'll receive medical attention and be transported to the nearest command post. Captain. Ambassador Treen would like a word with the Commander. I don't know.
Lieutenant. Lieutenant! Excuse me. My contribution to the Slipstream Drive. A Talaxian fur fly. An old spacefaring tradition among my people. If one of these creatures stowed away on your ship, it was a sign of good fortune. I had this little fellow preserved. He hung in my engine room for six years. Why, thank you, Mister Vulcan.
To tell you the truth, I've enjoyed our little junket together. It's given the four of us a chance to bond. That's all part of the experience, the adventure. Think of the great explorers that came before us. They survived without creature comforts. Oh, hello. Wonderful, thank you. Do I? Just a little shuttle lag. Don't you have a geometry lesson? You don't want to keep your teacher waiting. Carrots and celery. A good idea. I don't think I'll have time today. I don't think that I'll have time then either. Lot of work to do. Let me see your hand! Your hand! We've got to get you to Sickbay. Sickbay! (Some crew enter the mess hall, laughing.)NEELIX: Get down. Stay behind me. I said get down! [Forest]  Tell them to call off the attack. Stay away! I won't let you hurt her! Get back! (Neelix shoots at a security guard trying to enter through one door. Chakotay enters through the other and ducks down.) No! Not until Saavdra's called off his attack. Why do I still hear weapons fire? How do I know you won't trick me? It was dark. I couldn't see them very well. The Nakaa. The Nakana. But they were fighting us. We had no right to be there! No. No, no, no, no, I remember now. We held a briefing to plan the evacuation. You were there, Commander. Mister Paris. It's an ideal landing spot for transports. Aye, aye, sir. But then we came to the last enclosure. Do you remember the last enclosure? It was empty. Where were they? They were supposed to be there. Either way, it doesn't justify what we did. Stay down! (The colonists panic and run.) I tried to protect the children, but I couldn't stop them from running away. Thank you. It looks delicious. Naomi must be terrified of me, after what happened in the galley. No. Not like this. I might do something to scare her again. Seven? When you were a Borg, you were involved in some unpleasant activities. I don't mean to be insensitive, but do you ever feel shame about what you did? How to you manage to keep going, knowing that you've done such horrible things? Guilt is irrelevant? It's certainly difficult. Is that chocolate mixed in there with the terra nuts? Not at all. [Bridge] If we do that, all record of what happened here would be lost. But that doesn't really tell the story. Someone put a lot of time and care into building that transmitter. We can't just deactivate it. We don't have the right. They wanted others to know what it was like, in the hopes that nothing like it would happen again. Because that's how you learn not to make the same mistake. If we destroy the evidence, we're no better than Saavdra. This isn't about logic. It's about remembering.
No, of course not. I guess I'm just a little jumpy, especially after what happened the last time. Oh? Well, I'm happy to help. To tell you the truth, I'd be grateful for the distraction. How much do they know about what's happening? What if they start asking questions? I can't just lie to them. It's simply a precaution. We've entered a class J nebula and the Captain wants to make sure that we don't attract any, er, residual EM. radiation.(Neelix puts a lantern on a table.) Is that so? I'm afraid that gaseous anomalies were never really my specialty. Come on, gather round. I've brought toys and stories and games and I thought that later we might even have a little sing-along. I'm afraid that Astrometrics is shut down, too. Oh, that is a long and dull story, and not nearly as interesting as Flotter Meets the Invincible Invertebrates. Mezoti, there's really no need to leap to those kinds of conclusions. Well, what makes you say that? Who told you that? I'll have to have a talk with that girl. You're really too old to believe in such silly things. I don't think that Seven would be too happy if you all started All right. Gather round. But I'm warning you, this is not a tale for the faint of heart. All right. But remember, I warned you. It all began several months ago, before you joined Voyager. We were exploring a dark nebula, just gathering deuterium. We had no idea what was in store for us. [Mess hall] NEELIX How goes the particle collecting, Commander? Excellent. Now that you mention it, there is something that I feel compelled to share with you in my capacity as morale officer. The crew seem a little on edge. They're very good at hiding their fears. Starfleet training. I was wondering how soon we might be leaving this nebula. Knowing could help me assure them. Days? You know me too well, Mister Vulcan. I know it's illogical, but staring into this murky cloud for hours on end can be a little unsettling. When I was a child, an immense plasma drift passed through the Talaxian system. The stars and the moons were blotted out for months. From horizon to horizon all you could see was this enormous, menacing cloud. Ever since then I've found it a little disturbing to be in nebulas. That's an excellent idea. And I have just the right material. [Bridge] I beg your pardon? Well, the technical details don't matter. What's important is that Voyager's presence was destabilising the nebula [Bridge] NEELIX But at that exact moment, in the fraction of a second before Tom could engage the engines, zap! We were hit. [Cargo Bay two] Whatever it was, it shook the ship hard. [Bridge] We'd taken some minor damage, but for the most part everything was fine. Or so we thought.(We are treated to a view of something sparkling attached to the hull.) [Cargo Bay two]  What none of us knew was that a mysterious stowaway had come aboard Voyager. Yes, but we didn't know that, not at that point. In a manner of speaking Well, I'm getting to that. Who are they? No, that's not what this was. We can either debate comparative xenobiology or I can continue with the story. Now it's up to you. Somehow I thought you'd say that. Now, where was I? Oh, ah, yes. Life aboard Voyager would have been more or less back to normal if it weren't for a few strange malfunctions. [Ready room] The turbolift started to fall [Cargo Bay two] Faster and faster! Anybody hungry? You haven't touched your snacks The turbolift plunged eleven decks at high speed. The g forces pinned Commander Chakotay to the ceiling. He knew that at any minute he was going to come crashing down to the bottom of the turbolift and there was nothing that he could do about it. But then the descent stabilisers reactivated. [Engineering] NEELIX But of course, there was no answer. [Cargo Bay two - now] That's an interesting question. You'll have to ask her. It most certainly did not. You're letting your imagination run away with you. It's all right. I just have to replace the power cell. It'll only take a moment. Nothing to be frightened about. There. Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you. Now, where was I? Oh, yes. Seven was trapped by the forcefields, but fortunately for her [Corridor] NEELIX Neelix to the bridge. Er, Ensign, maybe I should come with you. The captain might need me. Oh, of course. If you need anything, anything at all, you know where to find me. So there I was. The only thing I could do was wait, alone. Deck by deck, section by section [Corridor] NEELIX Is somebody there? Hello? Hello? Hello? [Corridor] You really shouldn't sneak up on people like that. I could have shot you. Is there a problem with the air supply? Are you saying that this alien lifeform is trying to kill us? Where to? Well, considering that Engineering was eight decks down and the only way to get there was to crawl through pitch-black Jefferies tubes, it's fair to say that I was never more frightened in my life. Is that so. Well, that's true, I suppose. On the other hand, fear can sometimes be very healthy. Well, it keeps you alert, keeps you from putting yourself in unnecessary danger. Icheb. Do you want to tell us about it? I can understand why that was frightening. When you're scared, it helps to have someone to talk to, doesn't it? Of course, in my case, the only one person I had to talk to was Commander Tuvok. [Jefferies tube] NEELIX I'll bet Starfleet has specific procedures to deal with these kinds of situations. You know, something like protocol one zero zero five. In the event your starship is invaded by a hostile electromagnetic lifeform. What do you suppose that, er, that protocol might be, exactly? You're right. I'm just being silly. Of course, the crew of the Salvoxia probably thought they were going to regain control of their ship, too. Did I ever tell you about the Salvoxia? It was a Talaxian freighter. Horrible tragedy. Happened nearly a century ago. After suffering a cascade failure, it began to lose life support generators, one by one. Pretty soon, there wasn't enough air left to sustain the entire crew so they began to draw lots. Can you imagine? Draw the short straw and you suffocate? Anyway, the air continued to diminish, and they kept drawing lots. The crew got smaller and smaller as they waited for someone to rescue them, but no one ever came. The Salvoxia drifted through space for the next eighty years, until somebody finally found her. Makes me short of breath just thinking about it. Right. Pleasant thoughts. Pleasant thoughts. [Cargo Bay two] I beg your pardon? I shouldn't have told you that story. It's too gruesome. All right, that's enough. Now, where was I? We'd made it more than halfway to Engineering [Jefferies tube] NEELIX Commander! (Tuvok quickly shuts the hatch.)NEELIX: What do we do now? Is there another way around? Pleasant thoughts. Pleasant thoughts. While we were in the Jefferies tubes [Engineering] NEELIX Things were looking grim, but the captain was about to make a breakthrough that would change everything.  While Captain Janeway and Seven of Nine headed to Astrometrics, Tuvok was trying to ease my fears by guiding me through a meditation. [Jefferies tube] My birthday dinner. No, of course not. It was just my imagination playing tricks on me during the meditation. My head was too full of scary images for me to relax. The captain, on the other hand, seemed to be getting things under control. [Astrometrics lab]  Ship. Abandon ship. The lifeform wanted Voyager for itself, and it was going to kill anyone who remained on board. Captain Janeway's only chance of saving her crew was to try to reason with the creature. [Bridge] As the captain was facing one of her worst fears, losing her ship [Jefferies tube] NEELIX Tuvok! Lie still. I'll try to (Purple-red gas enters the tube.) I'm not leaving you here. I don't care what logic dictates. This isn't the Salvoxia. We're not drawing lots. And I'm disobeying it. You're coming with me if I have to drag you by your pointy little ears. I had no choice. I had to control my fear. (Neelix sees the evil face in the gas.) Pleasant thoughts, pleasant thoughts. (The face disappears. Neelix takes a breath from the mask then gives it back to Tuvok.) While we made our way to Engineering, [Corridor] NEELIX The captain's rapport with the creature seemed to be breaking down [Engineering] NEELIX He needs medical attention.  It looked like the creature was calling the captain's bluff. She was down to her last breath, but at the last moment [Corridor] (The gas is sucked out of the area and the forcefield is lowered.)  It took almost two days for the crew to return to the ship. Eventually, an artificial environment was created in an isolated section of deck twelve. The creature's been living there ever since. Haven't you learned anything about letting your imagination get What if I told you I made up the whole thing? I should have known better than to try fooling the four of you. All right, in you go. Pleasant dreams. [Bridge] Tucked into their alcoves, safe and sound. Oh, why would they be frightened, Captain? Oh no, not to worry. I told them a story to pass the time. Certainly not. Some of those fairy tales can be frightening. Ogres and child eating monsters. Speaking of which, is everything okay? Well, I hope it lives happily ever after. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
We can't blame them for being frightened. They must think we're some kind of sorcerers. That would purge the programme from our database. But we'd lose Fair Haven and all its people.
I'll bet you haven't said two words to him.
It has a nice ring to it. Thank you, Lieutenant, I'll keep that in mind. Sweeting, What'll it be? The usual? That's very thoughtful. I'm looking forward to tonight. But I already reserved the holodeck. I thought we could take a moonlit stroll through the marshlands of Oshionian Prime. Something wrong? Anything I can do? I'm not having a great day, either. Nobody seems to like today's menu. I tried blaming it on a replicator malfunction, but no one believed me. Wait, I, I think I see something. Neelix to Security, Kes' frown is losing its structural integrity. Red alert, I'm detecting a smile. That's my Kes.  A few snacks for the journey. You do still like leola root? Just looking. Only you.
 He hasn't left me with a single shot. Safety? Oh, I don't know. It sounds cowardly. All right. Safety. (Neelix sends the cue ball round two bumpers without touching another ball. That'd be a foul stroke in snooker.) Ah ha ha! Mister Vulcan, let's see you reason your way out of this conundrum. This safety business is a lot more satisfying than I imagined. I've left him with an impossible shot. Go ahead then. Call your shot. You should have called a safety.  You wanted to see me, Captain. Me? That's a Haarkonian shuttle. My people were at war with them for the better part of a decade. They conquered my homeworld more than fifteen years ago. None at all. I'm Neelix. What do you want? Who are you?  He's a mass murderer! When I was much younger my family and I lived on a moon called Rinax, a colony with the most temperate climate in the entire Talaxian system. Warm days, balmy nights. Until the Metreon Cascade. A melodic name, isn't it? Especially for a weapon of mass destruction. Doctor Jetrel was the scientist who conceived the Metreon Cascade, then he led the team of scientists who built it. In the blink of an eye Rinax was enveloped by a deadly cloud, and those lovely days were turned into one endless frigid night. More than three hundred thousand were killed. I had the good fortune to be on Talax at the time with our defence forces, preparing for an invasion that never came. It wasn't necessary. The day after the Cascade was deployed, Talax surrendered unconditionally to the Haarkonian Order. Maybe this is one experience that can't be shared. It's too hard to describe how I feel to someone who didn't see what I saw. I'm sorry. Captain! Back from your doctor's appointment already? Nothing you tell me can make this day more disturbing than it's already been. Er, Captain, please tell Doctor Jetrel that I am touched by his tender concern for my state of health, but that I'd rather be immersed in a pit of Kraylinnian eels than examined by him. I don't want that man within ten parsecs of me! Don't either of you find it the slightest bit strange that a man who has made it his life's work to develop a weapon to destroy as many Talaxians as possible should suddenly be concerned with this Talaxian's health. If the disease is fatal, what's the point of knowing whether I have it or not? Peace of mind is a relative thing, Captain. Outnumbered and outflanked. All right then, I surrender. [Briefing room] Why are you doing this? Is it all just scientific curiosity, Metreons and isotopes. Or do you feel guilty about what you did. Really? It was necessary to vaporise more than a quarter of a million people and to leave thousands of others to be eaten away by Metreon poisoning. Unfortunate? Did you hear that, Captain? It was unfortunate. That must be a very convenient distinction for you. Does it help you sleep at night? What is that supposed to mean? Don't worry about it, Captain, because Doctor Jetrel will have to find himself another laboratory rodent to help his experiments. Because I would rather die than help you ease your conscience. Are you sure you can't do this? Just get it over with. (Neelix lies on a biobed and Jetrel places a small device on his chest.) Did I ever tell you about the notorious two-tailed talchoks of Rinax? Nasty little vermin. Sharp claws, dripping fangs. Ugh. It was quite a nuisance. So one summer when I was a boy, I decided to do something about them. I spent weeks tinkering, creating a fool-proof talchok trap. Once I'd perfected it I set it in the garden. And the next day I found one of those beasts pinned at the neck. But it wasn't dead, it was squirming, squealing in agony. And suddenly it didn't look so fiendish any more. It looked like a poor innocent animal. You see, I had become so fascinated with my invention that I never really thought about how that poor creature would suffer. For now. And? Sorry? Why are you sorry? Come in. Kes, my sweet, I'll have you know this is not the first time I have gazed into the gaping maw of death. Why once, during the battle of the Pyrithian Gorge I faced down an entire battery of Haarkonian artillery. There I was, with only a small crevice for cover Well, there's one good thing that will come from all this. When I first met you I didn't know that your species lived only eight or nine years. I fell in love with you without knowing how lonely it would be to live without you after you're gone. Now that I'm going to die first, I don't have to worry about it. Is there anything besides science that makes your heart beat faster, Jetrel? You know what I've been thinking? If I'd been in charge of the Cascade I'd have, I don't know, chosen a military target, simply deployed it on an uninhabited planet. Somehow I don't think I'd have targeted innocent civilians. You should have tried to stop them! Why didn't you speak out? People would have listened to you. So you did it for science. Consequences? Who are you to talk about consequences. Your family was killed? That's a sad story, Jetrel, but let me tell you another one. A man goes back to Rinax after the Cascade. Back to what had been his home, to look for survivors. But the impact of the blast has set off hundreds of fires, and there's nothing there. Just smouldering ruins and the stench of seared flesh. But in the distance, in the middle of all that emptiness, from out of this huge cloud of billowing dust, he can see bodies moving, whimpering, coming toward him. They're monsters, their flesh horribly charred, the colour of shale. One of them comes toward him, mangled arms outstretched, and he can't help it, he turns away frightened. But then the thing speaks and he knows by the sound of her voice that she's not a monster at all, but a child. A little girl. Her name was Palaxia. We brought her back to Talax with the other survivors. Over the next few weeks I stayed at her bedside and watched her wither away. Those are consequences, Doctor Jetrel. Did you ever think that maybe your wife was right. That you have become a monster? I hope you have to live with that a very long time. And why is that? There's no open shot. I'm no coward. What are you doing, it's my turn! I did what I thought was right. No! I Who are you? Palaxia! You! You did this, butcher! (Neelix pushes his opponent onto the pool table, and looks into his own frightened face.) [Neelix's quarters] JANEWAY Here, Captain.  Thank you, Captain. I'll be right there. [Bridge] Hard to believe that on clear nights you could look up from Talax and see the shimmering lights of the colony. The night of the Cascade, a bright flash cut across the sky. It was so blinding that people threw themselves to the ground. Then everything stopped, like a moment out of time. Then we all looked up to see where the flash had come from, but the sky seemed oddly empty. Took most of us a few seconds to realise it was because Rinax was gone. Of course, the moon was still there. We just couldn't see it because of that Metreon cloud. This brings back too many memories, Captain. If you'll excuse me. (Neelix leaves.) I wanted to be alone. No, you don't know! Not everything. You don't know where I was the night Rinax was destroyed. I was on Talax, but I wasn't fighting with the defence forces. I was hiding from them. I wasn't a hero at the battle of the Pyrithian Gorge. I've never even been there. I never reported for duty. I thought the war was unjust, that Talax was fighting for reasons that weren't worth killing for. Or at least, that's what I told myself. But the real reason I didn't report was because I was a coward. Now you know. During war time, the punishment for refusing military service was death. It makes me a liar! I've lied about it all these years, to you, to Jetrel, to everyone. Because I'm ashamed. Of course I am. He killed them all. My mother, my father, my little brothers. I don't know. You mean from looking at myself? You may be right, but I hate him. And I don't think I can stop hating him. Doctor Jetrel. I'm sorry, but I need to speak with you. What is that? You're engaging in some kind of bizarre experiment, aren't you? What is it this time? What do you call that? Scientific progress? I'm going to the Captain! (Jetrel grabs Neelix and hypos him.) [Bridge] Bring who back? Who, Doctor? Who is it you're going to bring back? He's out of his mind, Captain. Do we have to listen to this? Is that what you were doing with that thing in Sickbay? But, but, if the biomatter in the cloud is so random, so jumbled, how could you reconstruct something whole? What if he's right? Why didn't you just tell us the truth in the first place? Captain, if there's any chance he can do it, you've got to let him try. Please, Captain. It's incredible. Maybe the Cascade was a punishment for all of us, for our hatred, our brutality. There's something I need to tell you. I tried to tell you before, but I want to tell you that I forgive you. (Jetrel dies. Neelix leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I can tell you, the morale of the crew is going to suffer if we leave them behind. Is there something going on that I should know about?
Whoever you are, I found this waste zone first. Neelix. And since you're not interested in my debris, well, I'm delighted to know you. A very impressive title. I have no idea what it means, but it sounds very impressive. I am famous for knowing it well. How may I be of service? I know enough to stay as far away from it as possible. Wait. Let me guess. You were whisked away from somewhere else in the galaxy, and brought here against your will. Sadly, yes. Thousands of times. Well, hundreds of times. Maybe fifty times. But the Caretaker has been bringing ships here for months now. That's what the Ocampa call him. They live on the fifth planet. Did he kidnap members of your crew? It's not the first time. Just that they're brought to the Ocampa. Nothing more. I really wish that I could help you, I do, but as you can see, there's just there's so much debris for me to investigate today. You'd be surprised the things of value some people abandon. Well, there's really very little that you could offer me. Unless. Unless of course, you had water. That sounds like a very reasonable arrangement. Beam? Astonishing! You Federations are obviously an advanced culture. Neelix. Good to meet you! (Neelix gives Tuvok a bear hug.) Interesting. What, what exactly, what exactly does all this, all this do? A what?  [Ocampa hospital] (Torres wakes with a start.) Ah, Mister Vulcan. Come in, come in, please. I can hardly see you. (Neelix is taking a bath. Tuvok does not look at him.) I want to thank you for your hospitality. I must admit, I haven't had access to a food rebel er, er, replicator before. And to immerse myself in water. Oh, do you know what joy this is? No one around here wastes water in this manner. Good sand scrub, that's the best that we can hope for. Oh! Could you hand me the, er, towel? (The towel stops us seeing Neelix as he stands up.) If you will scan the large southern continent you'll find a range of extinct volcanoes. Follow the foothills north until you discover a dry riverbed. You'll find an encampment there. It's not impossible. Maybe. Perhaps not. But we'll find them. We'll need several containers of water to bring for barter. Do these, er, replicators make clothing as well? Will it make me a uniform like yours? The rich cormaline deposits are very much in demand. Not the Ocampa, the Kazon-Ogla. They are. Kazon sects control this part of the quadrant. Some have food, some have ore, some have water. They all trade and they all kill each other for it. My friends, it's good to see you again! (A group of Kazon pick up Neelix and carry him to the middle of the settlement. Others take the away team's weapons.) I must speak with your Maje, the ever-wise Jabin! (Neelix is put against a wall and weapons are aimed at him.) Very amusing. Very amusing. I, I enjoy a joke as much as the next man. Jabin! My old friend! Water. Water, Jabin. I have water to replace all that I borrowed. Show them, Mister Paris. Their ship has technology that makes water out of thin air! (Jabin takes a bottle from Paris and drinks.) Maybe she can help these good people find a way down. Then she's worthless to you. Let us trade you water for this scrawny little thing. Tell them to drop their weapons. Drop them, my friends, or he dies in an instant. Step aside. (Neelix aims his weapon at the tanks and fires holes in them. The Kazon rush to save as much water as they can.) Come on! (The girl runs out to his arms.) I strongly suggest you get us out of here.  My dearest. Didn't I promise I'd save you?  [Ocampa settlement] (In a dark passageway.) Irrational? We got out of there, didn't we? No, no, it's a wonderful quality. Your most endearing. Kes can tell you where to go. But now that she's free, we're leaving this system together. I rescued you. You're not thinking of going back there? Well, if a fool needs company. Take care of them, dearest. I'll see you later. There they are. Ah, Captain! We were just coming to see you. Well, you see, that's what we wanted to discuss. We'd like to go with you. We'd be valuable colleagues. Whatever you need is what I have to offer. You need a guide? I'm your guide. You need supplies? I know where to procure them. I have friends among races you don't even know exist. You need a cook? Oh, you haven't lived until you've tasted my angla'bosque. It will be my job to anticipate your needs before you know you have them. And I anticipate your first need will be me.
 Happy Kal Rekk, Mister Vulcan! But it's the Kal Rekk season. Atonement. Solitude. All your Vulcan holidays are the same. I've been doing some research, I know. It's part of my job as Morale officer. Oh, please! There's no one on this ship requires my services more than you do. I will not rest until I see you smile. I don't suppose you've ever heard of the Vulcan Rumarie? Full of barely clothed Vulcan men and women covered in slippery Rillan grease, chasing one another. Well, it's time to bring it back. I've been thinking of a Rumarie theme for the mess hall next week. Lots of high fat, greasy foods, and if people want to take of their clothes and chase one another, well, it certainly wouldn't hurt morale around here. [Engineering] Okay, all right. Far be it from me to bother anyone. If you really want me to leave, I'll leave. I don't believe you. Your voice says go away, but your heart want me to make you smile. Come on. A little smile. How is it going to hurt? I won't tell anyone. Come on, just a little itty bitty smile. Just let the mouth curl a little then. There's an old Talaxian song my mother used to sing me as a child. I'm going to sing it to you every day from now on. It goes (Tuvok grabs Neelix by the throat and pushes him up against the wall.) Mister Vulcan, I can't breathe, I can't breathe, I'm sorry, I, I (Tuvok releases Neelix's body.)
One at a time, one at a time. Now, please, do not touch the Doctor's mobile emitter. Captain, isn't this exciting?
 Oh, here they are now. I was just getting Noss' recipe for sautéed spiders. She told me how much you enjoyed them. Oh, of course.
Sure. Right away, sir. What's my assignment? Lieutenant? Are you all right?
I don't know how you can say that? The cargo hold is crammed with valuable supplies. I guess you shouldn't have drunk that Falah nectar. The Nar Shaddan consider it a delicacy. To refuse would have insulted them. Commander Chakotay's a vegetarian. More like a meat by-product. Not after you drink this. Leola bark tea, to settle even the queasiest of stomachs.  Anything wrong, Commander? I've spoken to the captains of eight vessels that left Quarra in the last two weeks. No, but every one of them asked me if I was looking for employment. Apparently, there's a severe labour shortage throughout this system. There's a lot of competition for workers. I can make some inquiries. Why? Not if we take my ship.  I still say you should have posed as a Talaxian. We'd have made a striking pair. As soon as I told the Supervisor our qualifications, he was eager to hire us. He even helped me get a docking permit for my ship. We'll be gainfully employed by tomorrow morning. What's this? Why's that? I know what you mean. Report here, reroute power there. It's almost like serving aboard a starship. You're looking at the former captain of his own cargo vessel. What about you. Ever worked on a ship? So, do you know most of the people that come in here? Seems like it. I was wondering when you'd get here. Amal Kotay, this is my new friend, Tom Paris. I was assigned to the Primary Fusion Chamber along with Mulchaey and Celes. Neither of them recognised me. It's like they've all been programmed to be happy here. We're friends. We're trying to help you. People from our crew seemed to remember parts of their real lives, but they got a lot of the details wrong. Tom knew his name, that he was from Earth, but he said space travel made him sick. Can you undo the damage? I wish I could help. Say no more. I'll take her on a whirlwind tour of her own life. Lieutenant Tom Paris, our pilot, and B'Elanna Torres, our Chief Engineer. That picture was taken on your honeymoon. How else would we have it? It's an antique television. You gave it to Tom as a present. Yes. Because you're starting to remember. (She kneels by the cot with the starship mobile above it.) I'll be outside if you need me. [Power Distribution Plant] (Janeway is stealing a medical instrument.) Pancakes with maple syrup are your favourite breakfast. You know, sometimes food is like time travel. You inhale an aroma, take a bite of something and suddenly, bam! You're back at the moment you first tasted it. What are you reading? Do you remember recording any of them? Those are supposed to be private. What do they say? He loves you. How do you feel? That fog should lift as soon as the Doctor finishes your treatments.  We're being hailed.  We're losing shields.  The shield grid's failing. This way. [Torres-Paris's quarters] (Paris is watching old cartoons on the TV set, and eating popcorn. Torres kisses him on the cheek.)
Shouldn't we wait for Ensign Vorik?  I've got a laser drill, sample cases, geo-spectral analysis  kit.  Look over here. This must've been the colony.  They must've suffered some kind of disaster. Maybe an  earthquake.  No matter how real a holodeck programme may seem, it just  doesn't get your heart pumping like a genuine physical challenge. It's  exhilarating.  It didn't look quite so steep on the sensor map, did it?  All this Starfleet technology almost takes the fun out of it.  Wait till we climb back up with a pack full of gallicite.  I'm sorry. I don't know what happened.  We can't leave you down here alone!  Go ahead, Tom. I'll be all right here.  I'm ready to go, Commander.  (Neelix is hauled up the cliff.) 
Pardon me. Where? Patch you through where?(Various voices overlap.) Commander?
Tom and I have already taken the liberty of removing Lyndsay's personal effects from storage. Ah. Why don't you and I have a cup of tea while the children play? Something wrong? How?  Here we are, one Jibelian berry salad. What's wrong? Too sweet? Can I get you something else? Your farewell party.
Welcome to Enara! Specifically the colours of the Enaran flag. The decor, the menu, the music, all authentically Enaran. Enarans don't use them. After a big meal, you can just lie back and take a nap. Very practical. Perhaps a bit chillier than you're used to, but just about perfect for You must try some of these delightful algae puffs. They're fresh from the oven. You take a couple of these, roll them around like this, and voila! Your hands are clean and disinfected. The Enarans are very hygienic. I haven't seen Lieutenant Torres around here tonight. I suppose she's putting in another late night in Engineering.
It must have been terrible for you. Pepper, sweeting. I'm sure Lieutenant Paris is a fine teacher. Oh! I almost forgot the Palliantyne peas. Ever so lightly spiced. [Bridge] Gentlemen. May I recommend the Alfarian hair pasta today? Not at all. It's actually made from the follicles of the mature Alfarian. We harvest the hair during shedding season in early fall. It's very high in protein. You subclass genus. Sitting with your backs to each other like two strangers waiting for a transport. Was that supposed to fool me? Liar. (Neelix throws Paris' meal all over him.) I'll kill you! Yes, Captain? Me and him? Frankly, yes, Captain. Nothing happened. Kes. We'll talk when I get back. When I get back.  Shuttle bay. [Sickbay] We lost communication with Voyager thirty seconds ago. You don't have to impress me with your technobabble. You're the commander of this mission. You can make any suggestion you want, and if you make it an order, I'll even have to obey it. I left my personal problems back on the ship. I can't speak for you. You get us down in one piece, and I'll take it from there. Ensign Baytart took me through the basics. Of course, I didn't have the benefit of your personal tutelage. Confirmed. (Whumph!) What does that mean? Deuterium flow sealed. Can you regain control? I said in one piece. Everything seems to be working. I'm itching. If we've got atmospheric leakage, how can we fly out of here? We're not even sure they're looking for us yet. We don't know if the EMS pulse got through. I say we stay right here. You're the one who wants to go out into those vapours. Staying here is our best chance of being found. You heard what they said. Those windows may only be open for a matter of minutes. Is that an order or a suggestion? Yes, sir! [Planet surface]  I hope you're satisfied. We were a lot more comfortable inside the shuttle. I have red welts all over my hands now. I certainly don't know why the ship's sensors indicated this planet might be rich in food supplies. It sure doesn't look it. I'll find something for us. Of course, it might not meet your personal culinary standards. What good fortune. [Kes's quarters] Garnesite. This will give us a little heat, at least. So, what is Starfleet protocol for situations like this? I hope you had a passing grade. That's not very encouraging. And he gave you a B minus? I guess he didn't play favourites, huh? I wrote my own book. My life before Voyager was no bed of Felaran rose petals. What? You were going to say junk, perhaps? Go ahead. Say it. Junk. I was a dealer in junk. Perhaps not worthy of a woman like Kes, in your opinion. Tell me something. In that Starfleet survival course, did your father teach you to check for life signs before you seal yourself inside a cave? There are now. [Bridge] (Voyager is under fire.) In this atmosphere, it could be dying of exposure. I'd say it's becoming more and more evident that we chose the wrong cave. (They find three large eggs.) If this species is sentient, wouldn't that suggest that its parents might return to care for it? I think we've established we're not dealing with a common reptile. We can't just leave it here. But we blocked off the cave. The mother might have been trapped outside. Look. It's not that simple. What if she can sense we were here? She, she might be able to smell that faux lime aftershave of yours. I'm sure you realise many species won't return to a nest after it's been tampered with. No. This creature is our responsibility. The moment we came in here, it became our responsibility. Look, if she does return and accepts the hatchling, it'll solve everything. We just have to wait and see what she does. I don't know how it is in your quadrant, but in mine we don't abandon a new-born thing. It's stopped crying. To be honest, I haven't been around many new borns. Oh, look at this, Paris. It's stopped shivering. If I were in my kitchen, I could cook you up some delightful leola root broth. It seems far more interested in my jacket than your food. We were certainly wrong about that. The perfect source of nutrition for the hatchling.  It's not breathing! I don't think it's breathing! Come on. Suck in some of those hearty vapours. There must be something in here we can use to resuscitate it. No! It's our fault. It's our fault. If we hadn't come. Here. Cordrazine. This is a stimulant. So we should just let it die? What are you doing? Do it again. Again. It's working. It's working! You did it! Who cares? [Bridge] I'm sorry. I feel I owe you an apology. I had no right to push that pasta in your lap. I haven't been fair to you. You know, I hear people talking about you in the mess hall. Oh, that you used to be a coward and couldn't be trusted. It's typical of Kes that she would befriend someone like you. Someone who really needs a friend. And I guess I just got a little jealous. I got more than a little jealous. I realise now I was wrong. I know. What do you mean? Oh? I see. Well, in a way I can't say I blame you. She is very attractive. Well, I did save her life. I'm sure she's grateful. There are others? I don't pick Kes's friends for her. Just my own. (Static comes over Paris' comm. badge.) We can't leave yet. What if the mother rejects it? We promised each other we wouldn't abandon it until Captain, this is Neelix. Are you in a particular rush to leave? [Bridge]  Yes. But [Bridge] NEELIX  And another one will be coming in how long?  We'll take it. There's nothing like a family reunion. As soon as you're ready. [Transporter Room]  Kes! And I'm a godmother. I'd say this is the special occasion I've been waiting for to open up that bottle of Potak cold fowl I've been saving. No. It's actually made from the glandular secretions of an adult dunghill bird, found only on Potak Three. It's very rare. Very exquisite. There are, I believe, only twenty seven bottles in existence at this time. [Corridor]  It has a rather smoky flavour, going well with strong, meaty dishes. But I prefer it for sipping in the company of good friends. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 Intruders? I don't see any intruders?
Neelix to Lieutenant Tuvok. We've got company. [Neelix's ship]  Two Akritirian patrol ships on an intercept course. I'm not sure how long I can hold them off. Akritirian Patrol. Er, am I in Akritirian space? Oh, dear. I, I thought this was the Heva Seven refuelling port. You wouldn't by any chance be able to recommend a respectable establishment where I could have my navigational array repaired? Acknowledged. I know it's a little cramped back there, so if there's anything I can do to make you more comfortable. Of course, Captain. Talaxian vessel to Akritirian Patrol. My apologies for the little mix-up. I'll departing now as per your orders. (Neelix undocks from the space station.) Er, what was that, Patrol? That last message was garbled. (Bang! Neelix flies his ship away very quickly.) [Sickbay]  I've always thought of my piloting skills as modest at best, and the conditions were extremely dangerous. Still, I did outmanoeuvre those Akritirians, didn't I? I'm glad to hear you say that, Captain, because I've been thinking. Until Tom here gets back on his feet, perhaps I could, er, try my hand at conn for a while.
Coffee, black. Well, you haven't changed your standing order in seven years. Don't worry, Captain, you'll get us out of this. You always do.
I took the liberty of preparing a large assortment of Delta Quadrant dishes. Hopefully, there's something here that you'll like. Talaxian, but you're right. My ancestors referred to themselves as Talax-ilzay in the old tongue. Oh, I'm afraid there aren't many records from that period, but vaadwaur is a word in the old tongue. It means foolish. I'm sure that it's just a coincidence, of course. I didn't mean to be rude. Did you get a chance to meet any of the children? Why not? Well, that's not good enough. I'm the ship's ambassador, you're the Captain's assistant. We have to make a good impression on our new friends. Well, not yet. Listen. First thing tomorrow, you and I will get together with a couple of the children. Naomi, what's wrong? That doesn't sound like you. Tell me what happened. Names? I, I, I get the idea. Children can be a little cruel sometimes, but there's no need to take it personally. Besides, my ears are kind of funny. No. And you don't have to. Come on. (Naomi gets into bed.)NEELIX: Goodnight. I'll tell you a story tomorrow, I promise. [Vaadwaur caves - central chamber]  Computer, access my personal database. Go into the Talaxian linguistic files, Old Tongue dialect. Find and define the word Vaadwaur. What's the first known usage? Computer, name the specific folktales that use the word vaadwaur. Not exactly Mother Goose. Computer, transfer the text of those stories to my quarters. Neelix to Seven of Nine. Could I see you in Cargo Bay two? It's important.  I'm sorry to bother you, but I've been doing some research on our new allies and I have found something very interesting. In dozens of the ancient folktales of my people, there's a common theme. They describe a phantom army that appears out of thin air, destroys entire colonies, and vanishes in the blink of an eye. Sound familiar? Exactly. Gedrin claims they've been using them as trade routes but I'm starting to wonder. But many fables have a basis in reality. You've got the collective knowledge of thousands of species. You could cross-reference my findings. It'll only take a few minutes. [Ready room]
Ah, Captain, the computer told me I'd find you on deck eleven section four B, starboard side, and sure enough, here you are. I assumed you'd want to talk to me. About the Botha. We're headed for their space and as I've told you, they're going to have to be handled very carefully. I wouldn't put this off too long. We're getting closer, you know.  Captain, I knew we should have talked this morning. I've been in subspace contact with some old friends of mine. Nomads, collectors, much as I used to be. They're in a position to gather information during their travels. What they've told me doesn't sound good. There are lots of rumours about ships entering Bothan space, never to be heard from again. My sources on Mithren say that they have lost a number of vessels. They say the Botha protect their territory fiercely. I don't think they are either. They just don't want anyone crossing their borders. It's hard to say. There's some belief that they don't even have a legitimate claim to the space, that they're nothing more than pernicious, odious vandals. In which case, diplomacy would fall on deaf ears. Captain, if I may. What was the last time you ate? Then let me suggest that we conduct our talk in the mess hall. We're serving a sumptuous repast for lunch. (Everyone looks at Janeway.)  Captain, you have a nasty habit of skipping meals and that can do horrible things to your electrolyte levels. All you have to do is give me a call. I'll be there in a trice with a tray of food so delectable you won't be able to resist. I do think I've outdone myself this time. An exquisite pate made from Seltin wood fungus. Brine-soaked neccel strips. Deviled wood throk. (A plate of cucumber sandwiches.) Lieutenant Hargrove asked for them. Is something wrong? Why, I'm not sure. I think I found several of them in storage. Unusual, isn't it? Captain, is everything all right?  Captain! I'm delighted to see you. Do you want a snack? Didn't you like it? Delectable. Exquisite! Sublime. Cucumber sandwiches? I don't even know what that is. The other item on the menu was a fried murt cake. You ate one. One of these. The ones I found in storage. (Stainless steel with a black handle.) Flowers? Well, no, I don't see any flowers. Maybe there was another cup, but I don't think so. Would you like a cup with flowers on it? I'm sure I can replicate one. Aye, Captain. Sweeting! Thank goodness I found you. Are you all right? In the mess hall, trying to help the poor souls there. I didn't hear them. The comm. system must be down. And frankly, I was a little busy. Ashmore thought I was a Kazon. Tried to kill me with a carving knife. Who else would I be? Kes, all I want to do is protect you, to keep you safe. We have to get away from here, get to my shuttle. You're becoming annoying. Move away from that console. What's the matter, Kes? Can't lift your head? Stop it! (Neelix collapses and turns into the Bothan. Kes turns the monitor back on.)
Well, we're finished laying in the supplies.
It's Neelix, sir. Wonderful. I look forward to hearing your perspective on Vulcans. (Elsewhere -)
 Captain. Midnight's come and gone. Do you mind? How so? We had some pretty nasty weather on Talax, too. I always enjoyed a good ion storm. Now that you bring it up, I am concerned with keeping up morale over the next few days. The crew is not used to sitting still. Everyone seems to love Fair Haven. I was thinking we might initiate an open door protocol on the holodeck. Keep the programme running twenty four hours a day. Let people come and go as they please. I'm heading down there myself, if you'd like to join me. There's a charming little inn called the Ox and Lamb. The owner offered to share some of his recipes. Okay. [Holodeck - Sullivan's] Mutton, creamed cabbage or blood pudding? I'm preparing a traditional Irish meal at the Ox and Lamb this afternoon, and I can not decide on a main course. That was my first choice, too, but replicating the lamb's intestines, it, it could be tricky, And every time I try to heat the blood, it coagulates in the milk. I thought you'd like to know we've organised a rings tournament tonight at Sullivan's. The Doctor's going to sing something called Danny Boy, and Mossie Donegan's promised to bring his talking pig. Nineteen hundred hours, if you change your mind. What'll it be, gentlemen? (Neelix is barman tonight.) Over there. (Sitting at a table with a bottle of whiskey.) Must be a glitch in his subroutine. (They go over to Michael's table.) Not exactly.
 I've been in touch with the Talaxian mining colony on Prema Two. They're willing to come to our assistance if we run into trouble. Four days if you didn't take such a circuitous route, if we simply went across the Tenarus cluster. It so happens that I do know this part of space, my Kazon friend. I just wanted to see if you would tell us the truth. The route he suggests is safer, Captain.  Dinner time, Mister Suder. We have a fine leola root soup tonight. Oh, Red alert. I'm afraid we have to go. I'll leave it here, just in case. [Bridge] This is outrageous! Do you really think it's likely that someone will find us, Captain? Help is on the way! Delta team with me. (The ground shakes.) If that's true, I'd say this is a do-not-disturb sign, wouldn't you? They look humanoid. We might be able to use these as tools or weapons. Gather them up, Mister Hogan. Is there a problem? Waste nothing. That's one of the first rules of survival. (Neelix drops the thigh bone he has picked up and leaves Hogan to his task.) Hogan! [Shuttlecraft] This is my fault. If I hadn't told Hogan to pick up these bones. Captain, none of the search teams were able to find plants of any nutritional value. If we put some bigger rocks around the fire, they'll reflect the heat better. I'm going to go get some. (Neelix leaves. Kes follows.) [Outside the camp] Now, see here. You just keep your hands off her! Commander. Thank goodness. I agree. The other two seem to be trying to figure out what to make of us. In a manner of speaking. Not in a culinary sense, I hope. Stand? Certainly. I'll be happy to stand. What, 0ver here? Fine, fine, fine, fine. What? No. No. No! That is unacceptable! Commander, that looks just like the tunnel where Hogan It's coming from this way. (That way lies a cave with a giant serpent sleeping in it.) [Outside the tunnel] (The search party see the natives outside the tunnel entrance.)
Good morning. I was just about to whip up a fresh batch of scrambled eggs. Would you like some? I'm sure I can find some for you. What's, what's happening? What is it? If anything, I look like a Mylean. They occupy a region of space near Talax. Not that I know of. Yes. As a matter of fact, my great grandfather was Mylean. Too bad my great grandfather wasn't a little better looking. I thought you might be thirsty. I, I'm afraid that's me. I seem to be developing Mylean sweat glands. Sorry. Well, whatever happens, I try to keep in mind things could be True. But I'd gladly lose it if I could have my taste buds back. You think that's bad? The Doctor tells me my pupils have dilated sixty percent. I can't even look at that display, it's so bright. Well, that's nothing. My spinal column is fusing together. In a matter of days I won't be able to walk.
Captain! May I say, you look beautiful this morning. Is that a new colour lipstick? Well, perhaps it's just the way the glow of the food heater lamps hit you but you look wonderful. Not to suggest you don't always look wonderful. No, but we have something even better. It's made from a proteinaceous seed I discovered on an expedition That would not be appropriate, Captain. You need to set an example for the crew. You're welcome. After all, if you want the crew to begin to accept natural food alternatives instead of futher depleting our energy reserves, you need to encourage them by your own choices, don't you? And how about some Takar loggerhead eggs with that this morning? It's a tiny bit richer blend than you're used to, but you'll learn to love it. (Neelix pours the thick gloop into her cup.)  Kes! Now look what she's gotten us into! I wouldn't know. I'm smart enough to go around nebulas when I encounter them. These people are natural born idiots, if you ask me. They don't appreciate what they have here. This ship is the match of any vessel within a hundred light years, and what do they do with it? Well, let's see if we can't find some space anomaly today that might rip it apart! You don't care a great deal about your crew and introduce them to the spectre of death at every opportunity. And I speak as a member of that crew now. I'm not sure I would've wanted you to come along had I known that this is what Wonderful? I don't deny the romantic quality of this sort of casting about. I wouldn't exactly call it wonderful. (Kes kisses him, long and slow.) Although, it's getting more wonderful by the minute. What did I tell you? [Bridge] The bantan is a little on the spicy side. Kes grows them herself in the hydroponics garden. Don't eat any of the little pink things and you'll be fine. Now what? Neelix to Chakotay. [Bridge] This yellow alert business. [Mess Hall]  I was just starting to serve  Go back in? Hello? Well, that's it. I've had it. No. I'm going to the Captain about this. [Ready Room] Captain, I understand that this nebula we've discovered is some kind of monster? Excuse me if I sound crazy, because someone may have been playing a joke on me, but you aren't planning to take us back into the belly of this beast, are you? Why? I did not come on board this ship to be a veterinarian, Captain. I just reached my limit. So if you don't mind, Kes and I will wait on board my little vessel for you to return. Is that final?  Jonah? Whale? (A little later.) Time for refreshment. Ailis paté, Felada onion crisps, stuffed Cardaway leaves. Yum. As the morale officer on this ship, I insist that a break in the workload is both healthy and necessary. Go on, Mister Vulcan. It might even help you loosen up. Or not. Oh, just a few minutes ago when I sensed crew morale might be especially low. Mine certainly was. We were in a free fall at the time. Yes, and after we stabilised, I certainly needed to unwind. So, it seemed to me, I had a choice to either come up here and say I told you so. Or to try to do something constructive to help out in my own humble manner. Try the stuffed Cardaway leaves. They're irresistible. (Janeway takes one.) Now, as your new morale officer, I thought it might be fun for us all to sing a few songs together.
 Annika? Annika Hansen. Are you sure, because I have a letter here addressed to her. I never realised you knew anyone from the Alpha Quadrant. Well, it looks like someone knows you. Who's it from? Your aunt. That's great. Starfleet's appointed me Ambassador to the Lan'Tuana sector. I guess they thought I'd have a flair for quadrupeds. [Mess hall]
A task I'm happy to perform, Captain. I can tell you, I've never seen the crew this excited. I promise to treat these like gemstones.  Ahem. I am happy to announce that I have the first letters from home. Ah, this one is addressed to Commander Chakotay. Who's it from, Commander? No. No more for the bridge crew. Not yet. Be patient. [Tuvok's office] Good news, Mister Vulcan. This one's for you. Aren't you going to read it? I, I mean, aren't you going to read it now? You're going to wait until you finish the tactical review? That's not the point. It's a letter from your family. Don't you want to know what it says? It has some important news. Well, only the first few lines. When I was seeing who it was addressed to, I, I couldn't help it. Would you like me to read it to you? My husband, we have been given the news that you are alive. Your children and I have asked the priests at the temple of Aymonk to say prayers for your safe return. That's very sweet. Pardon? Amonak. Of course. The most significant news is the fact that your first son, Sek, has gone through the Pon Farr. He mated and has become a father. You are now the grandfather of a healthy female who they have named T'Meni, after your mother. You're a grandfather. Isn't that wonderful? Congratulations. What should we call you now? Grandpa? Gramps? Just so long as you read it right away. No procrastinating. Who knows what else might be in that letter?(Neelix leaves. Tuvok returns to his tactical review for a few moments, then picks the letter up and sits by the window to read it.) [Bridge] Good news. Seven has been able to download some more letters. This one is for Susan Nicoletti. Is she here? Fitzpatrick? Kyoto? Golwat? (The Bolian woman.) Ashmore? Dorado? And finally, Parsons. I'm sorry if your name hasn't come up, but Seven is still working. Thirty? Where did you hear that? Don't pay any attention to rumours. (Neelix leaves.) Neelix to the ready room. The party's about to begin and there are only two people missing.
Oh, you look like a man who could use more coffee. This firenut blend should keep you eyes open. Yes. At your service, Commander. Absolutely. When I was making my living as a trader. Protomatter's one of the most sought-after commodities. It's the best energy source in the Quadrant. I'll be there, sir. [Galley] What's wrong? That's the whole idea. I've been adding Talaxian spices to broaden your palette. Why settle for sufficient? The Doctor tells me you have a full complement of taste buds. You've hardly begun to use them. Come by the mess hall Thursday night. It's the first day of Prixin. We'll have an impressive array of exotic cuisine. The Talaxian celebration of family. We observe it every year on Voyager. Now that you're part of the family Nothing. It's not a mission, Seven, it's a party. Neelix here. No bother at all. I'm on my way. If you'll excuse me, duty calls. That's because she's not a member of the crew. Naomi was the first child born on Voyager. I'm her godfather, and the only one who can get her to sleep lately. Bon appétit. [Wildman's quarters] Nothing. Nobody here. Ah, there's not a monster in sight. It's all right. You know what I think about when I'm afraid to go to sleep? The Great Forest. It's a place my people believe we're all going to go to someday. It's a beautiful, beautiful forest filled with sunlight, and all the people who ever loved me are gathered there to watch over me as I sleep, to protect me. When I think about that Forest and those people, I'm not afraid to sleep anymore. I know they do. Now, I'm going to be away for the next couple of days. So, if you're afraid to sleep I want you to think of that Great Forest. Pleasant dreams. I see. No, no, no. I have a small containment cylinder stored here. I'll just be a minute. Cylinder? Little cylinder, where are you? Cylinder, you were here a month ago. Now I know that you didn't just roll out of the airlock all by yourself. Now where are you? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm talking to myself. It's my way of remembering things. Thanks. I think. Ah! Here it is. Oh, this will be perfect for containing a small amount of protomatter. Last time I used this little wonder I nearly lost it to the Kazon. You're familiar with them. Were they assimilated? I didn't realise the Borg were so discriminating. Good point. Well, if you'll excuse me, I'm needed in the shuttlebay. Pleasant regenerating. [Shuttlecraft] Harder than you think. The cheese alone would take days. Separating curds and whey from synthesised milk. It's a delicate process. Since it means so much to you, I'll see what I can do. Set the transporter for ten thousand amu's, not a particle more. The containment field is standing by. I've got the sample, Commander, and it's stable. (An energy blast strikes Neelix in the chest, throwing him backwards. Paris goes to him while Chakotay flies them out of danger.) Doctor. (Neelix has sat up.) What happened. What happened? Why am, why am I here? (The EMH makes Neelix lie down again. Seven looks smug. And later -)NEELIX: Dead? That's impossible. You mean I lost consciousness. I was, I was in a coma. I'm stunned. I'm amazed. I'm grateful. Thank you, Doctor. Yours? Am I good as new? Nanoprobes? Well, as long as I don't start assimilating the crew or sprouting Borg implants, I'm sure I can live with it.  The shuttle mission, was it a success? Did we get the protomatter? The containment field needs to be reinforced next time. I could help with that investigation. No, Captain, please. I don't need any special treatment. Yes, I suppose you're right. Oh, but you can't ask me to cancel the first night of Prixin. The celebration is in three days. I've been aging fruit compote in moolt nectar for weeks now. I can't just let it go to waste. I'll make the necessary adjustments. It's good to be back, Captain. [Neelix's quarters]  Commander. Commander, I thought you might need some assistance on the holodeck. Well, I'm up to anything at this point. I've been resting for two days straight and resting makes me feel, well, restless. [Holodeck - Shuttlecraft interior] Gladly. Sounds right. Computer, freeze programme. (Neelix kneels by his facsimile.)NEELIX: Nothing. I died, and there was nothing. There was no one there. No Forest. The Great Forest. The afterlife. I was taught that when I died my ancestors would be there, waiting for me by the Guiding Tree. My sisters, my mother and father, my cousings. Everyone who was killed in the war. I took great comfort in knowing that we'd all be together again one day. But it's not true. No. I was dead for eighteen hours. I should have experienced something, should remember something. It's just a story, a myth. There is no Guiding Tree. No gathering of the ancestors. I was there. I experienced it. There was nothing. That's what's going to happen to all of us. Like a hologram, we just disappear into nothing. [Mess hall] Thank you, everyone. Well, er, enjoy. Computer, music. Fine, Commander, fine. I apologise for the other day on the holodeck. I guess this whole back from the dead thing is hard to get used to. I'm fine now. No, no, no, it's all right. I've been a little preoccupied. Really? Sounds familiar. Why don't, why don't I go now? It's close to Naomi's bedtime. Yes, but duty calls. [Naomi's bedroom]  Attention all monsters. Get out of this room. Oh, there's no monsters here. (He pulls back the blanket to reveal a fluffy toy.)NEELIX: Ah, it's a monster! You certainly did. Pleasant dreams, sweeting. The Great Forest? Are you sure you want to hear about that? It's just a silly old story. Well, it's a beautiful place filled with sunlight. Yes. They've all gathered there to watch over you, to protect you while you sleep. You did? Sounds like a nice dream. Why? Go ahead. How much longer will I be needing these injections? I don't really like the idea of Borg technology swimming around inside me. Live? Oh, is that what I am doing right now? Living? I'm beginning to wonder. Well, part of me isn't alive. I don't know, but something is missing. I don't feel like Neelix anymore. Maybe Neelix is gone? Maybe he died, and I'm all that's left. I didn't ask to be bought back! Well, what right did you have to violate me? You Borg think you can fix anything but you didn't fix me! Get out. Just leave me alone! I said get out! I don't care about your duties. I don't care (Neelix gasps, and gropes his way to a seat.)NEELIX: What's, what's happening to me? Commander, you said if I ever needed anything? You once told me your people have technology that can induce a deep meditation, an altered state of consciousness. That this device allows you to look inside yourself, ask questions that you might otherwise be afraid to ask. That's what I need. I need to look inside myself, figure out what's happening to me. I need answers. Will you help me, Commander? I understand. What should I do to prepare? I'll get ready. [Neelix's quarters] Am I doing this right? it's good to be back, Lieutenant. (Neelix sees a Talaxian woman talking to Janeway.)NEELIX: Alixia? Alixia, it's me, Alixia! (Alixia leaves the mess hall. Neelix tries to follow her, but is stopped by Seven.) No time for that now. Maybe later.  The lights. It's beautiful. When I died, I looked for you, but you weren't there. Why weren't you there? What do you mean? If that's true, what's the point of living? Why are you saying these things? No!(Neelix returns from his quest, upset.) [Astrometrics lab] Oh, there you are. I didn't see you. Yes, as a matter of fact I am. I hope I'm not disturbing you. I, I want to apologise for my outburst the other day. In the mess hall? No, no, please. My behaviour was uncalled for. I didn't mean the things I said. I wasn't myself. But I feel much better now. Commander Chakotay has helped me to understand a few things. I want you to know that I don't blame you for bringing me back. To life, I mean. In fact, what you did was very thoughtful. Yes, I'm sure you would have. No. Yes. Seven, I think you've made a wonderful addition to this crew. I know it's been difficult for you making the transition from Borg back to human. Or half human. Or whatever it is you've become. Actually, you're just plain Seven to me. I guess I just want to say. You're surrounded by people who care about you, and whether you know it or not Voyager is going to be a very good home to you. It certainly was to me. Leave? No, I'll be around. Well, goodbye. I'm sorry I had to cancel our little chat, but I was needed in the mess hall. I've been so busy the last few days, I've let things slip around here. What do you mean? I understand. Yes, sir.(Chakotay leaves. A few moments later, Neelix follows.) NEELIX: Computer, lights off. [Neelix's quarters] You can slow me down, but you can't stop me. I'm going back where I belong. Not anymore. I died in that nebula. You should have left me! No closer! I've created a site to site transport. No one can override the signal. I will be, as soon as I tap this control. My sister, the crew, myself. They all told me the same thing. There's no point in living. And I agree with them. Eleven years ago, I saw my world in ruins, my family murdered. All that's kept me going is knowing that one day we'd be together again. That I'd see them again. But it's not true. And I can't live without that hope. No. It's not enough. That Neelix is gone. I'm trying to decide some things. Duty calls. [Naomi's bedroom]  Goodnight, sir. Goodnight, Naomi. What's the matter? I was, but I'm okay now. Yes, I suppose so. But I chased him away. Pleasant dreams.(Naomi dreams that she and her toy are sitting under the Guiding Tree in the Forest.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
All I can say is, wow! What about you, Mister Vulcan? Isn't that just, wow! Champagne? Captain, if I thought you wanted champagne. Not unless you tell me why you're bothering Captain Janeway. You can't bribe Captain Janeway. What are you talking about? Do you want to know what Captain Janeway likes about me? I'll tell you. I am respectful, loyal and most of all, sincere. And those are qualities which someone like you could never hope to possess. [Ready room] (Janeway hears the whimpering of a small canine and goes to investigate. The cocker spaniel puppy is in a basket under her desk.)
You can thank Q's son. He thought the computer needed more personality. I've been giving some thought to the Q situation. Maybe ignoring him isn't the best solution. He may be omnipotent, but he's still a young man in need of guidance. Perhaps if someone were to approach him as a friend. Exactly. Well, I am good with children. I'm no ordinary mentor. [Astrometrics lab] (Junior is watching a space fight on the screen, sitting in an easy chair with his feet up on the console. Neelix enters.) I thought you and I could spend some time together. What are you watching? We past through that region a few months ago. They were at peace. You have to stop this. We could play Kadis-kot. Well, no. Instead of hurting people, maybe you could help them. The Wyngari are suffering a food shortage on their world. Maybe you could use your powers to  Welcome. It's so nice to see you this evening. I hope you're hungry. Step right up, there's plenty for everyone. Enjoy! (Junior is behind the counter, serving the food.) Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot. My talking annoys you. Too bad you can't just shut me up again, huh? Crewman Biddle, where have you been hiding yourself? I haven't seen you in days.
I've got more isolinear processors for you to install. Are you sure that's a good idea? Ensign Wildman was assigned to that. She says it's more efficient.
 Good morning. Requisition reports for the week. What can you tell me about the Great Wall of China? The Great Wall of China, on Earth. Who built it? What for? In fact it was the first Q'in emperor who connected the walls built by a previous dynasty. He did it to prevent an invasion by nomads to the north. How big is it? Twenty four hundred kilometres long, median width three point eight metres. Before the twenty second century, it was one of the only manmade objects that could be seen from Earth's orbit with the naked I've been studying Earth landmarks. [Ready room]  Mister Paris and I have been exchanging a little cross-cultural trivia. He's become quite an expert on Talaxian geography. The Millennium Gate. Constructed in the 21st century in the United States of America. It was another one of the objects that could be seen from orbit. Er, three point two kilometres at the base, one kilometre in height, surface covered with highly reflective solar panels. A self-contained ecosystem. Really? That's something to be proud of. Tell me more. I want something to stump Mister Paris with. The Millennium Gate. How did she get involved with that?  The temple of Artemis at Ephesus. The Colossus at Rhodes. Right. The Mausoleum of Halicarnassus. The Colossus at Rhodes. The seventh wonder of the ancient world is Oh, it's right on the tip of my tongue. It's. Forget it, I give up. Can't remember? Brushing up on Earth's history? Shannon O'Donnel. Who hasn't? You mind if I lend a hand? Sven 'Buttercup' Hanson. Well, your ancestors can tell you a lot about yourself. The connection could be deeper than you think. Sven. Seven. The point is, there's some of him in you. Just as there'll be some of you in your descendants. I wouldn't dismiss it so lightly. Someday you may enjoy a little Seven of Nine point five running around. Or not. Or not. Well, genealogy's a lot like fishing. You've got to cast a wide net. Computer, expand record search for subject Shannon O'Donnel to include non-Federation databases. Er, personal archives and photographic indexes, as well. Well, take a look at this. Shannon Janeway. (They have found a photograph in Database 2197 of the elderly Shannon surrounded by several generations of her family.) [Ready room] A Ferengi database. Eleven years ago, one of their historians collected massive amounts of data about the origin of space travel in the Federation. He wanted to market it as a nostalgic gift item. It's a handsome family, Captain. Yes, Captain. [Bar] (Shannon is at a table with a map of the USA spread out in front of her.)COLLINS No contact with anybody along the way? No planets? Mars? Your ancestor must have known the Captain's.JANEWAY: She did work on all the early Mars projects. Looks like we go way back, Mister Paris. Captain, would you mind coming to the mess hall? No, no emergency. But I need to speak with you. A personal matter.  Happy Ancestor's Eve! It's April 22, Ancestor's Eve. It's a holiday first established, er, well, er, today, actually. With the Captain's permission. Shannon O'Donnel Janeway, circa 2050. We did a little more research. This photograph was taken in a small park near Portage Creek, thirty eight years after the dedication of the Millennium Gate. I thought it would look nice in your ready room, on the shelf next to your desk.
Neelix here, Captain. Neelix to Captain Janeway. I lost contact. What did you say? Right away, Commander.  Excuse me, are you Doctor Rislan? I'll adjust the environmental controls. Again. But I must ask you I'll take care of it right away, but I must ask you to go to our Engineering room. I believe you're urgently needed. We'll make sure you're comfortable. A security guard will escort you. I pulled a power cell and some relay circuits out of a food dispenser. And this little thing looks like some sort of capacitor. I'll get on it right away. Maybe if I take apart the sonic shower assembly.
Anthraxic citrus peel, orange juice with just a hint of papalla seed extract. An experimental blend. Ensign Golwat tried some yesterday, and she thought it was delicious. In fact, she had a second glass, and she never has seconds. All I ask is that you try it, Mister Vulcan. (Tuvok sniffs and sips.) Ah! I'll start squeezing that second glass. Breakfast is coming right up. Porakan eggs. The most flavourful eggs in the sector. Scrambled with a little dill weed, a touch of rengazo, a galactic favourite. Now, these eggs were not easy to prepare. After we picked them up on Porakas Four, I had to sterilise them in a cryostatic chamber for three days. Then each and every one had to be parboiled On Talax it's a tradition to share the history of a meal before you begin eating. It's a way of enhancing the culinary experience. My mother was brilliant. She could make every course, every garnish come alive by making it a character in a story. My favourite was the one about the crustacean who (Flames surge up around the egg pan, setting the contents alight. Neelix quickly smothers it with a lid.) Er, some sort of power overload. I'm afraid it decimated your breakfast. This is what my mother would call a tragic ending. Aye, Captain. Captain's log, stardate 50126.4. We have detected a gaseous anomaly that contains sirillium, a highly combustible and versatile energy source. We've altered course to investigate. [Bridge] Sirillium? My pantry. Of course, Captain. You know, if I injected sirillium into my thermal array, it might improve cooking time.
So, how did you stop it?
I feel that my services as Morale Officer are required. Oh really? One, no cup of tea. Two, no PADD. Three, you're sitting on the opposite side from usual. All of that tells me you've got something on your mind. And what tells me that it's making you miserable is that cloud of doom that's rising from you like a ground fog. Ah, ha. Maquis trainees getting you down? What seems to be the problem? Come with me, I want to show you something. (Neelix takes Tuvok to a flower arrangement by the counter.) These are Keela flowers. Beautiful, and remarkably strong. The stem is flexible, impossible to break. But occasionally on the same plant there's a bloom whose stem is not so flexible. Ah, here's one. And when the stem is brittle, it breaks. No, Mister Vulcan, I'm saying that you are rigid and inflexible, but maybe if you'd learn to bend a little, you might have better luck with your class. Those Maquis aren't Starfleet cadets. You can't treat them the same way. Get to know them, try to find out what they're like inside. You might discover a better teaching method. Brill cheese. I made it from that schplict we brought on board last week. Ensign Ashmore asked for something called macaroni and cheese. Of course. Captain's log, stardate 48859.3. Lieutenant Tuvok has reported what may be a possible explanation for the infection in the bio-neural gel packs. I have asked Lieutenant Torres and her team to investigate Neelix's kitchen. [Mess hall kitchen] That's just a Laurelian pudding. It has to simmer for four hours. I feel awful about this. I assure you I had no idea. (The lights go out.)
Ah, a little further to the left. Mmm, no. That's too much. Ah, perfect. Welcome, gentlemen. Just getting things ready for tonight's little get-together. Polynesian style. I've done my research. Er, Lieutenant Tuvok, you neglected to RSVP. Who? Doesn't ring a bell. Oh, one of the entertainment directors. I believe she's giving Kes a hydrosail lesson. (A crewman is carrying a tiki torch.) No, no, not there. There. Greetings, Mister Vulcan. I've done a great deal of ethnographic research on the Polynesian cultures on Earth. The flowered garland, or lei, is said to represent the flowering of love. It's a marvellous tradition, don't you think? Oh. Oh, my! Did I programme a centrepiece that big? Computer, open parameter adjustment file. (Neelix throws a lei over Tuvok's head and scurries away. Tuvok removes it.)
Oh, Gallia nectar! From a blossom which only grows near a certain lake on Paxau and blooms once every six years. Specialty of the house. The Paxau resort was the place to go on Talax for serious relaxation and some personal pampering. It was very exclusive. You had to be rich and privileged, or know someone rich and privileged who owed you a favour. I'd say if anyone deserves and needs a little pampering, it's this crew. Don't you feel as if all your cares are just light years away? I'm certainly open to any suggestions for perfecting the programme. More drinks for everyone, and bring out some spicy paraka wings. You can't have a party without food. I certainly will. Hey, how can you listen to this without feeling the urge to dance? [Kes' quarters] (Kes is tending some plants.) Oh. Hello, B'Elanna. I was hoping you'd be Kes. She was supposed to meet me here twenty minutes ago. It's not like her to be late. I wasn't sure you'd enjoy the programme with the new modifications Harry and Tom added. Computer, locate Kes. Neelix to Kes. I hope you didn't forget our lunch date in the holodeck? Are you feeling all right, sweeting? Well, we should get you to sickbay. After lunch, we could go out for a sail. You certainly seem to have hit it off with our guests. You've been nearly inseparable since they got here. We can keep them busy together. I'll arrange so many fun activities Nori won't have time to be sad. We can start with a lovely picnic What? Wanting to help? Why, I certainly don't mean to intrude on your friendships. You can spend time with anyone you want. No. I, I'd hope that you'd want to be with me, at least some of the time. It's not a duty or an obligation. If you feel this way, why haven't you said so before? Who is that? What does he want with Kes? So he's been controlling her. But she, he knew things about Kes's life. He acted enough like Kes to fool us all. The real Kes must still be in there somewhere. Captain, I request permission to go with you on the rescue team. I had basic combat training on Talax. All right, very basic. But I've also been participating in tactical exercises with this crew every month. I have a lifetime of experience thinking on my feet, and you know I'll do everything in my power to make this mission a success. They're getting away. (Resh is shot in the back by Ameron.) Kes! Stop! Please, stay there. Just let me get to you and this will all be over. (Neelix stuns Kes.) He's gone.
way too much now. Don't touch the sideburns. My scalp itches. Maybe I should tell him about that shampoo of his. Oh no! He's trimmed the ear hairs. I told him the ear hairs were the perfect length! Not the ear hairs! (Kes laughs, and Tuvok breaks the link.) This is delicious. Mister Tanis, is it true you're fourteen years old? Would that technology work for Kes? Ahem, excuse me. May I say something now? I'm so proud of you. I knew you could do it. This is a whole new beginning for you, Kes. Go? I'd go anywhere with you. Captain's log, supplemental. We've arrived at what Tanis calls the meeting place, the region of space where Suspiria exists.  [Bridge] Am I interrupting? [Engineering] Leave her alone, Tanis! I said, leave her alone! (Tanis throws Neelix across the room with one angry stare.)
 Oh, smell that air, Mister Vulcan. Look at that sky. Oh, it's an exhilarating day, isn't it? Oh, let's not quibble about semantics. A breeze is blowing. The sun is shining. It's beautiful. Adequate? You know something? You're acting more Tuvokian than usual this morning. There you go with the semantics again. But you know what I'm talking about. Well, then I'll explain it to you. You're a nature lover, aren't you? Then it's one of the things that you and I have in common. And here we are, on a perfect day, foraging for an exceptionally lovely variety of orchid, your favourite flower, and all you can say about the experience is that it's adequate. I just, I don't see why you're not having fun. Why, is there some regulation that says we can't do both at the same time? I know. Why don't, why don't we sing a song while we toil, hmm? It'll cheer you up. Now, I've been studying Vulcan music. Do you know that lovely tune that starts, (sings) Oh starless night of boundless black. I know, but it was the most cheerful song I could find in the Vulcan database. Come on, Tuvok, join me. Oh starless night of boundless black. Yes? Hello, sweeting. (Neelix and Kes kiss.)
It's bedtime. You know the rules. [Mess hall]  Besides, someone special wants to say good night. [Holodeck - Forest of Forever] Samantha? How bad is it? What about Naomi? Maybe we shouldn't tell her anything. She's a very sensitive girl. I don't want to alarm her unnecessarily. With any luck, we'll have her mother back before she starts to worry. Thanks, Captain. Aye, Captain. Oh? Ah. They could use a hand in the Airponics bay. Captain's assistant. Well, we'd have to take it up with the Captain. (Seven enters with Kim and a crewwoman.) What's wrong? She has a name, you know. Naomi, Seven is a nice person, and she's a valuable member of this crew. I don't think there's much danger of that. Yes. I'll be right back. I've got half a dozen stockpiled in Cargo Bay two. On the Naomi anxiety Scale of one to ten, where one is a touch of insomnia and ten is a panic attack? About five. So, I thought we'd pay another visit to Sickbay. The Doctor says he has time to give you a botany lesson. What's wrong? No, you're not. Well, the Doctor's expecting you. Why not? Well, that's not true. Well, that's his way. Oh, I don't think he'd like that very much. Come on. [Delta Flyer] She misses her mother, but I don't think she suspects anything. I was just about to take her to the holodeck for some more storytelling. Me, too. Any life signs? Maybe they beamed out before the crash. How was school today? There's a time for school, and there's a time for Aren't you forgetting something? Then what happened? Where did you learn to make such silly puns? Oh. Well, we didn't have holodecks on Rinax, but it didn't matter because we had a great big forest right behind my house. And my sisters and I would go exploring every day. We'd make up our own stories. [Turbolift] Exactly. Oh, they're far away from here. I haven't seen them in a very long time. Many years. True, but before that, my work as a trader kept me away from home. No. I do, very much. Here we are. Computer, display chapter headings, The Adventures of Flotter. Let's see. Ah, Flotter and the Tree Monster? Okay. Trevis and the Terribly Twisted Trunk. Flotter, Trevis and the Ogre of Fire. It sounds a little scary. Good thinking, Naomi. The name's Neelix. What's your theory, Naomi? Maybe, maybe we should play another programme. Well, I, I don't know. I think it's your bedtime. Now, don't argue with your godfather. Come on, now. [Engineering] Are you sure you have time for this? I know you're busy. Maybe a shade bluer. And the head's a little disproportionate don't you think? Sorry. Guess I shouldn't barge into your kitchen and tell you how to cook. Not yet. Actually, the last scenario that Naomi chose was pretty frightening. No fun at all. Not Naomi. Fine. Right now she's busy with her homework. Everything. Everything's wrong! Ion storms, crash landings, alien attacks. A starship's no place for a child. Lucky? Thanks, Ensign. [Wildman's Quarters - Naomi's Bedroom]  Naomi. Guess who I found in the replicator? Flotter's not really Flotter. He's just a holodeck character. What are you working on? Why? Clever. I know you do. Soon. She must be very busy, cataloguing all the geological specimens she's collected. Well, not in a day or two, but. You really are going to make an excellent Captain's Assistant. I'm sure everything's fine. Come on, now. Bed. Promise. Even if it's oh two hundred hours. Sweet dreams.  Computer, access personal database, Neelix. File index two nine one. Hello, Alixia. I'm sorry it's been so many weeks since I've thought about you, but we've been very busy here on Voyager. I miss you. My goddaughter, Naomi, she's in trouble. We're in trouble. She may lose her mother. Alixia, you always knew the right thing to do, the right thing to say. I wish you were here to help me. [Dream - Forest of Forever] No. No, I was just passing by. I thought I'd pay you a visit, see how things were going. How are things going? How far do they extend? What about the search? Anything new? Seven. Your family, your human family, do you ever think about them? Not much older than Naomi is now. Do you miss your parents? Maybe that's a blessing. Borg wisdom. [Bridge] Coffee, anyone? Captain? Any new? No debris? No lifesigns? So much for that happy ending. No, not yet. She's been asking a lot of tough questions. Why hasn't her mother filed a status report? What if she's in trouble? But I've got a big day planned for her tomorrow. Plenty of distractions. She won't have time to be worried. I don't think that's such a good idea. Like I told you, she's sensitive. With all due respect, Captain, I'm her godfather. I know what's best for her. Good morning, Naomi. Would you like some papalla juice with your cereal? And, oh, by the way, your mother is buried under thirty kilotons of rock. When we know something for sure. When we find her mother, alive or dead, I'll, I'll tell her then. Not before. You don't have the right. You don't understand what's at stake here! When you were her age you were safe and sound on Earth with two healthy parents to take care of you. You never had to worry about the possibility of being alone! You take it from me, you wouldn't have liked it. When my family was killed, I lost everything. I still have nightmares. It hasn't been easy. I don't want Naomi to go through what I did. How so? First thing in the morning. Naomi. Naomi?(Naomi runs back into the turbolift.) [Corridor]  Naomi! Computer, locate Naomi Wildman.  Naomi? Where is she? I thought you vaporised. Computer, delete characters. Naomi, please let me talk to you. Hey there. We don't know. The away team was trying to avoid an ion storm. They had to land on a planet. Plasma fires, pieces of debris, but not the hull. Until we know for sure what's happened, no one's giving up on the rescue attempt. Yes. I never told you this before, but when I was much younger I lost my mom in a terrible war. My father and my sisters too. It was the worst thing that ever happened to me. Always wondering, how did they die? Were they worried about me? Could they still be alive? I thought if I could just keep you from wondering, you wouldn't have to feel what I did. Sometimes. Not really. You'd better get back to your quarters. Well, now that you're all reacquainted, I think you're all eager for a new adventure. You go ahead. Captain! Right now, she's off to conquer a giant beetle. She can handle it. Stinger?
More coffee? Ah, you look like a happy bunch. Oh. Well, maybe I can help. No. But I'm a quick study. What are we working on? (Neelix sits and looks at the array of PADDS.) Sure. There's some Kalavian biscuits, somewhere in the kitchen. What are you saying? I'm not smart enough? I'll have you know I did two years as an engineer's assistant aboard a Trabalian freighter. I'm well-versed in warp theory. Infinite velocity. Got it. So that means very fast. Wow! And you're working on this? I remember there was a time when I lost a warp nacelle going through a dark matter nebula. I realise that. I'm just using it as an example. As the ship went through the nebula, it sent out a dark matter bow wave. Eventually so much pressure built up, it tore the nacelle from its housing. Now, maybe the same thing is happening to you. I have no idea what they just said. (Neelix takes a biscuit from the plate that Torres found in the kitchen.) [Briefing room] PARIS  This is a new blend. I'm calling it Paris Delight. It's in honour of you. I can tell. (Neelix leaves them to their PADDs.)
Good afternoon, Ensign. How are we doing today? Good, good. By the way, I was wondering if you'd take a look at the thermal array in the kitchen. It overloaded this morning and vaporised an entire pot roast. Wonderful. I informed Ensign Kim about the problem hours ago, and he still hasn't come down to fix it. [Kitchen] If this thing doesn't get fixed soon, we'll all be eating cold leftovers for dinner and who do you think the crew will blame?  Thanks. Oh, and while you're here, would you mind taking a look at the replicator? It's been having trouble making anything with large amounts of cellulose. Cabbages, psyllium, green beans, celery and all. It all comes out looking a touch too yellow. Well, the yields have been a little low lately. Normally, I would never dream of using synthesised veggies. What's wrong? That's wonderful. Labour can't be far behind. Let's, let's get you to Sickbay. Try to breathe now. Deep, deep regular breaths. Not so fast now. We're having a baby. [Sickbay]  Don't you worry. We have the best doctor in the quadrant.
Not yet, although we have come across some very intriguing televised broadcasts. Take a look at this. It's a form of entertainment called a soap opera. The exploration of human relationships is fascinating. Oh, I can't wait to see if Blaine's twin brother is the father of Jessica's baby. Er, aye, sir.  Captain, this is Neelix. There's something on the television I think you should see. [Bridge] NEELIX Captain, I strongly recommend against that. The more legitimate news organisations have apparently decided that the Voyager image is fraudulent. However I've also been monitoring more official channels and the United States military is taking things just a little more seriously.
Kaylos. Ah. Aren't they gorgeous? One bite'll kill you. Puff you up like a vakol fish. First your windpipe swells, and just when you think you're going to die of suffocation, ow! Oh, you get a sharp pain in your knees, which begins to work its way right up to (Chakotay stops Neelix's pointing finger.) Sorry, Mister Carey. Just remember the old trader's axiom. Never judge a fruit by its skin. Er, on the other hand, take a bite. (Neelix hands Chakotay a mandrake type root with some leaves on top.) A leola root. (Chakotay takes a bite, then spits it out.) This is the reason I brought you here, Commander. There's no better source of vitamins and minerals in the quadrant than in this, this ugly little root. You humans! You're not used to roughing it, are you? Well, you take it from one who knows. The day may come when you'll relish every last crunch of leola. (They start pulling them out of the ground.) Stewed for a few hours in a light herbal broth, you wouldn't even notice the mildew. [Bridge] Neelix to Chakotay! I'd like to report a crime. Someone has broken into my kitchen and stolen food, taken food out of the mouths of their crew mates. It was that Seska, wasn't it? If you'd like my recommendations for punishment, I Captain, this may be a trap. The Kazon-Nistrim is one of the most violent sects in the entire Kazon collective.
What was it designed to do? This must have been before your Prime Directive? Any bets on this one? I had a cousin who used to transport disulfides from a gas giant. He claimed to love the turbulence. Of course, disulfides are known to cause delusions. Gently, please.(Someone in a haz-mat suit watches them land.) [Planet surface] (Everyone is wearing environment suits as they walk through the driving snow and crunch through surface ice. They have split up into two groups.) Tom, be careful. (Paris presses a button, and Four Seasons plays.)  People must have taken shelter here. Or scavenged from the ruins. The data core's still intact. Hello? Is someone there? I thought these caves were naturally shielded. These people have lived here without much of anything. (A young girl peeks from behind a rock.) We're different species, but they're my friends. I'm sure our captain is trying to help you. In my pack. Mister Verin? My job. I'm Voyager's ambassador, remember? Can I have a word They're not so bad once you get to know them. When I first met them I thought they were arrogant and self-righteous. Well, not completely. I still think they take themselves far too seriously for my taste. But one thing they don't do is harm other people. No, I see very clearly what's happened to you, and I'd like to help. My captain listens to me. I can speak to her on your behalf. Help her understand your situation. I know what you've been through. My planet was destroyed by a weapon called a Metreon Cascade. Hundreds of thousands of people were killed, including my family. I was on a neighbouring planet when the weapon was detonated. I went back with a rescue team, but there was no one left. Thank you. What are you doing? Mister Tuvok. We're leaving? Maybe you should. If we help them without asking anything in return, it'll prove they're wrong about us. Intentional or not, that probe had a terrible impact on these people. If there's anything we can do to make up for that now, we at least have to try. [Engineering]
This one's from Mister Kim. Well, these are your quarters, Seven. They should reflect your individuality. How about a table and a couple of chairs? Give yourself a place to work, entertain guests. Try to add a little colour. Photographs, artwork, knick-knacks. Little things, like the wood carvings in Ensign Kim's quarters. That's a start. Some people like to display pictures of family and friends. Good, good. Or a painting. I was thinking of something more abstract, more artistic. Drapes. Nothing livens up a room like good window dressing. Not to mention the added privacy. You never know when we'll be docking at a crowded space port. But we'll have to make sure that they match the carpet. I'm thinking of a Talaxian mosaic. Tulaberry blue stripes with an orange inlay. I'll let you two find a place to hang that, but it would look perfect right above the bed. Pleasant dreams. (Neelix leaves.)
 Nothing striking your fancy, Lieutenant? Pleeka rinds and grub meal. Very tasty, if I do say so myself. Well you're perfectly free to use the replicators. Then, enjoy the casserole. (Torres is sitting, reading a PADD and sipping a drink.)
Tricky. Wonderful. Thanks for asking. I know I can never replace his father, but Orange, grid ten twelve. I haven't told anyone, but I'm thinking of asking Dexa to marry me. That's enough of my love life. How about yours? Oh? What about your relationship with Commander Chakotay? Actually, it's yours. At least tell me how he liked the picnic. Any time. What is it? A wormhole? We can finish our game tomorrow.
Happy ninth, Kes. Go ahead, make a wish. Well, what are you waiting for? Blow out the candles. It's good to see that old lung is still working, Kessie. Well, you know, I haven't made one of these since, well, since I became security officer. You keep working on that sense of humour, Commander Vulcan. You'll get it one of these days. Jibelian fudge, your favourite. Some of us ought to be watching our calories, but after all, it is a special occasion.  Congratulations. I'll get Kes and the baby to the Mess hall. Captain Chakotay wants you to go to the weapons array and modulate the targeting scanners to a parametric frequency. He's going to try to knock out the chroniton torpedo launchers before they're fired. Kes, we've got radiation leakage coming from one of the Krenim torpedo fragments. People are starting to complain of nausea. It's lodged in a Jefferies tube on deck eleven, section two. You can't. The entire deck is sealed off. You can't go near that thing. You'll be burnt to a crisp. Yes, but (Kes goes into the Jefferies tubes and forces her way into the breached section. The torpedo is pulsing and giving off a gas. She starts her tricorder. Finally it comes up with a number - Temporal Variance 1.47. Kes memorises it before she collapses.) [Sickbay - 2373]  You need a cook. You haven't lived until you've tasted my angla'bosque. It will be my job to anticipate your needs before you know you have them. And I anticipate your first need will be me. But we discussed this. I, I, I'm sorry Captain. I didn't quite anticipate this. Sweeting, try to calm down. I assure you, Captain, she's never behaved this way before.  So, I'm going to become a security officer. How about that? Good point, Tuvok. Maybe I'll turn out to be Chief Security Officer. (Neelix clinks champagne glasses with Chakotay.)
Good day, Voyager and welcome to A Briefing With Neelix. It's a catchy title, isn't it? I'll be coming to you each and every day with news of general interest. Interviews with our fascinating crew members. Musical performances. Recommendations for new holodeck programmes. And of course, previews of upcoming meals. Everything from Hlaka soup to Zabee nuts. A Briefing With Neelix will help you stay informed about ship's activities, er, keep you abreast of your colleague's accomplishments and broaden your knowledge about a wealth of subjects. But most of all, it will make you feel good, because what you see here will always be the most uplifting, optimistic view of everything that happens on our ship. After all, as your morale officer, isn't it my job to bring a little joy into everyone's day? Hmm? Captain Janeway has agreed to appear on the show with regular updates about the ship's progress, and Commander Chakotay will commend outstanding crew members. So snap to and keep those boots polished to a shine. You never know when you might be featured on A Briefing With Neelix. Ready, Ensign? In just a moment, an amazing talent. Ensign Pablo Baytart will astound you with his juggling ability. He'll keep PADDs, hyposprays, even phasers in the air for minutes at a time. But before that, what makes people feel better than a little romance? And what Lieutenant in a gold uniform was recently huddled in the Mess Hall with what crewman in blue having a very intimate conversation over a carafe of Silmic wine? Well, I'd never name names, but you know who you are. Best wishes to a handsome pair of lovebirds. And now, ladies and gentlemen, Ensign Pablo Baytart. [Doctor's office]  Ladies and gentlemen, Ensign Pablo Baytart. Well? What did you think? (The EMH turns off the monitor before Baytart's juggling act appears.) I can see Hints for Healthful Living becoming a very popular segment, Doctor. You'd be lifted to a whole new level in the crew's eyes. They'd hang on your every word. You'd enjoy a, a popularity, a, a celebrity that you've never known before. You don't have to answer right away. Just think about it. [Corridor]  Ah, Mister Kim! Just the person I wanted to see. Did you watch A Briefing With Neelix this morning? Is there something about the programme you disliked?  Frosting? You do? What did your professors say when you told them you were going to publish the editorial? I'm heading for my quarters. Put it through there. Laxeth, you old dilithium scrubber. It's good to see you. Calling to trade me some of your ill-gotten goods again? I promise you, I never want to see another wheel of Pendrashian cheese. Communications master? Well, you've certainly come up in the world. Congratulations. How's that? Passenger? We don't carry any passengers. An old friend of mine is serving with a Talaxian convoy. He told me they'd be rendezvousing with us in a few days. Tom? Well, yes. But he seemed so determined to get those things behind him. It means a lot to him to be respected by this crew. I can't believe this. I never thought. Captain, may I speak with him? Hello, Tom. I hear you're leaving the ship? When did you make this decision? Tom, you and I have had our differences, but I thought we put those behind us. I just hope I haven't contributed to your decision? I thought you found those things here. I'm one of them, Tom. And I wish you wouldn't go. Doctor, what can I do for you? Well, that's good news, I-I'm delighted you've decided to become a contributor. But I'm afraid I don't have time to discuss it right now. That is fascinating, but I'm afraid there's a more important story I have to work on today. When you see it, I'm sure you will understand. Definitely. Without fail. I promise you. Fine. Fine. Good bye, Doctor. (Neelix turns off the monitor and starts to record ABWN.) [On monitor] (Chakotay watches the broadcast in his quarters, Janeway and Tuvok on the Bridge, the whole Engineering staff, and Kes and Kim in the Transporter room with Paris.) Good morning, Voyager. I want to tell you about a friend of mine. I first met this man almost a year ago, and tell you the truth, I didn't like him much. He seemed a little too cocky, a little too sure of himself. A lot of people had questions about him. He'd proven he'd pretty much sell himself out to the highest bidder, go wherever the wind blew him, so people wondered, could you trust this person when things got tough? Would he stand side by side with you, or would he let you down when you needed him most? But the fact of the matter is, he proved himself right from the beginning. I wouldn't be alive right now if it weren't for him. And the same goes for many of you. It took me a while to realize it. Like a lot of people, I was too caught up in first impressions to see the truth that was right in front of me. I overlooked his bravery because I was focusing of his brashness. I ignored his courage because I saw it as arrogance. And I resented his friendliness because I mistook it for licentiousness. So while this man was giving us his best every minute of every day, I was busy judging him. And now he's leaving. I'm proud to say that in spite of my narrow-mindedness, Thomas Eugene Paris became my friend. I'm going to miss him. No more laughs over a game of pool. No more sitting up into the wee hours swapping stories. No more complaints about my cooking. Goodbye, Tom. I think I speak for more of us than you might imagine when I say you're going to leave an empty space when you go. I hope you find what you're looking for. (Tom hugs Kes, and then Kim, steps onto the transporter pad and is beamed away. Neelix is now seen to be there with Kes.) [Briefing room] Thank you. Lieutenant, if I may? This sounds like news of substance to me. Are we all right? Neelix to Sickbay. Prepare for emergency transport. We have three wounded. [Sickbay] (One man has a burnt hand.) May I interview one of them now? Well, I am, of course. Would you care to make a statement? Thank you, Doctor. I'm sure that will be of great interest to the crew. Very interesting. Now, I know the crew would love to hear a few words from the man who risked his life to save the ship. Would you consent to an interview? Ah. Right here, Captain. I'm on my way. I'll contact you later about the interview. Verterium cortenide, if I'm not mistaken, that's a densified composite material. Let's see. Er, there's a yellow dwarf system called Hemikek with an M-class planet quite rich in minerals. Mining rights belong to a consortium of non-aggressive people. I'm sure we could make arrangements to purchase some verterium and cortenum.  Something just doesn't make sense. I mean, he wasn't off the ship for a day when the Kazon attacked that convoy. How did they find out so fast that Tom was there? A Talaxian convoy would never let the Kazon know where they are. That would be like committing suicide. That wouldn't have stopped them from taking the cargo too. And according to my friend Laxeth, it was a swift, efficient strike. It sounds like they knew Tom was there, and they came just to get him. One possibility I can think of is that it was someone on this ship. I don't know. But a responsible journalist would find out. [Engineering]  B'Elanna! I didn't expect to find you here. Are you working the night shift? Oh. I was wondering if you could show me how to access the subspace communications logs. Well, just part of my news programme. I understand. Just get me started. Oh, maybe a month or two. No. I'll be fine. Thank you very much. Voyager to Mithren. Mithren again. Voyager to Kotati. I, I don't know exactly what I'm looking for. Something anomalous. An incident I'm investigating. Tell me, Mister Hero. If someone wanted to make a secret subspace transmission, how would he do it? Oh, I can't be too forthcoming right now, but if I find what I think I'm going to, well, let me just say that this ship will be stunned. What about that? That gap, as if some of the log entries have been deleted. I beg your pardon? Here it is again. Maybe Lieutenant Torres can explain it. Ah. Here it is again. Gaps in the log entries. And frankly it looks like more than data fragmentation to me. The gaps are showing up in logs entered over the last months, but not before that. (Jonas creeps up behind Neelix.) Doctor! How can I help you? That's right, that's right. I've been so preoccupied with this other matter. That's very interesting, but we're going to have to put it off until tomorrow. I'm sorry, Doctor, but I really have to go now. [Tuvok's office]  All through the subspace communication logs, there were these gaps, as though something had been erased. Ah ha! I knew you'd say that. Answer this, Mister Vulcan. Why would those gaps, those deletions, occur only in the sub-com logs and only in the last month? I checked every log system we have. Sensor logs, power allocation logs, warp maintenance logs, environmental control logs. They're all perfectly fine. I believe someone on this ship has been making covert transmissions and erasing the evidence. I don't know, but I suspect whoever it was has been communicating with the Kazon. I know. That's why I've come to you. And I will help you. As a journalist, I have an ethical obligation to keep digging for the facts in this case. I see. All right, I leave it in your hands. Good hunting. [Corridor]  Higher obligation? Ha, I'll show him higher obligation. Huh, he'll have Eskarian egg on his face when I get to the heart of this. It's the job of a journalist to be independent. [Engineering]  Lieutenant, I wonder if you could I was wondering if it's possible to look underneath a log that seems to have been erased, to see if there's anything left of it. Ah, that would be ideal. What? How could someone do that? Ingenious. Would there be a way to determine who sent the messages? Thanks for your help. I'll check out deck four. Go room by room, console by console.  Computer, activate monitor. Override existing clearance. Engineering authorisation omega four seven. Unbelievable. [Ready room] NEELIX There was a series of messages sent to the Kazon for some weeks before his departure, the last (Tuvok obeys. A short time later - ) It was, er, I believe it was called signal correlation traces. Mister Hogan was helping me, and he detected them. It isn't? I don't think so. He was just the person walking by who Lieutenant Torres asked to help me. Anything I can do to help, Captain, and get Tom home safely, I want to do. [Kazon ship] (Paris is still working on the console in his 'prison'. He finally gets into a communication.) Excuse me. I was wondering if one of you could help me. The signal correlation traces that implicated Tom Paris. They were added to the file after the fact. So I was trying to figure out how that could have happened, and who might have done it. Do you mind if I use the diagnostic terminal over there? I'll be careful. What's going on? Mister Jonas, I'm no expert, but it doesn't look to me like you're working on the transporter subsystems. What did you do? What is this forcefield for?  I recognise that subroutine. You're into the weapons system. You're disabling them! Neelix to (Jonas knocks Neelix out, takes his comm. badge and heads for the upper level. Neelix wakes, grabs a very large wrench, and follows him.) [Bridge] Don't worry about me, Mister Vulcan. I'm perfectly all right. Unfortunately, Mister Jonas wasn't so lucky. Well, I'm going to have plenty of material for tomorrow's Briefing With Neelix. [On monitor] An amazing story. Amazing. Of course. There you have it, ladies and gentlemen, the true hero of this whole endeavour, Lieutenant Thomas Eugene Paris. Well, I'm afraid that's all the time we have. Oh, I'd like to apologise to the Doctor for not getting around to him once again today. But I promise you he'll be here tomorrow with lots of fascinating information about the Bolian digestive system. Good day, Voyager. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Good evening, Lieutenants. I see you don't have your dinner yet, Tom. Can I get you something?
 Bonjour, madame. Put it on my account. Guten Tag. Nothing but the very essentials of life. (The Hirogen grabs a baguette and breaks it in two. Then he opens a bottle and pours the contents out.) That I will. That I most certainly will. Morning delivery. (She lets him in.) Oh, just a tête-à-tête with a member of the Master Race. There's no need to worry. I change my route every day, and I've become quite friendly with most of the Gestapo. They just love my strudel. (Neelix carefully peels the label from the now empty bottle of Quart de Chaume.) It must be important. I suppose you're right, but do you have to be so logical about everything? That's two days from now. That building is surrounded by guards. We can't just waltz in there and plant a bomb. But the message.  Listen. A targ, just beyond that ridge. There is no enemy as great as hunger. (The Alpha's comms beeps.) Share with your brothers. It's the eve of battle. I may be drunk, but I can still send your soul to the next world and leave your body here to rot. Though from the stench of it, I'd say it's begun to already. (The Klingon passes out.) [Corridor] Who are you? How did you get past our battle lines? Sent by what house? K'toh-maag. I never heard of it. This battle doesn't concern you. Wait! I'll consider your request. But first, prove your fortitude. Drink! SanRoh t'patoh Cha! (The skin of bloodwine is thrown to Chakotay.) Another of your warriors? He's a frail looking thing. Ha! (Klingon Neelix slaps the EMH on the back.)  Doctor, trouble. The Klingons are starting to wake up from their nap. What are you doing? Uh-oh. What should we do? And a very good plan it is. Best of luck with it. Maybe I'll just watch from here. Try to offer up some pointers as things develop. Qapla'. How can we help? There's only the two of us. But they're already in the middle of a war with the house of whatever it is. Me? Pardon me, gentlemen. I wonder if I might have a word with you. You will listen! [Holodeck lab] Fight on, warriors! This way!
 Late night? Can I get you anything? Oh, ah, ow. oo. Oh, my feet. Ow. I haven't had a chance to sit down all day. Who, me? Never. What about your weekend with Tom? Does he have any idea how much planning it took? I'm sure if you tell him how important this weekend was to you, he’ll reconsider. What about what makes you happy? Then you’re not in love with him anymore? B’Elanna, if you still love each other Call me a hopeless romantic, but I still think it is. If you’re really such a mok'tah, it must have been an awful three years. Why aren’t you saying all this to Tom? By which time, he'll have already disappointed you again. I may not know as much about Klingon tradition as your grandmother, but somehow, keeping Tom in the dark doesn’t seem very honourable. My feet are feeling better. I should go back to work. Captain's log, stardate 54058.6. Our request to enter the Delta Flyer into the rally has been accepted. I'm meeting with the race coordinator, Ambassador O'Zaal, to work out the details. [Ready room]  How's our team doing? In a race like this, eleven minutes can be an eternity. You don't make it sound very exciting. It's all in the delivery. Do you mind? Attention, all hands. Stand by for a race update. With only fifty eight million kilometres left od the first segment, the Aksani, Imhotep and Terrellian ships are still battling for the lead. Wait, the number eight ship just cut off the number three in the Darla system. Now three's changing course using the gravity from a gas giant to boost its speed. It's making up for lost ground. (Janeway and Kim have entered.) The Terrellian and Imhotep ships are still in the lead, the Delta Flyer trailing by a few seconds. Meanwhile, the two Chessu ships are continuing to advance, claiming fourth and fifth position. Something's wrong. They're disappearing.  It's them. It's the Delta Flyer. They're in the lead. They're pulling away! [Delta Flyer]
 I'm ready for my lesson. But I, I've been, I've been practicing. I sound so good in the sonic shower. Well, that calls for a toast.
 Here we are Mister Tuvok, one bowl of authentic Vulcan plomeek soup. Nonsense. Everyone aboard this ship deserves a little taste of home every now and then. Don't thank me, I'm having a marvellous time experimenting with the native dishes of the entire crew. So far I've learned to make corn salad for Mister Chakotay, and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for Mister Paris. He calls it comfort food. Isn't that charming? What are you waiting for, it's no good cold. (Tuvok takes a sip.) Well? It is zesty, isn't it. I tried following the recipe in the computer's databank but it seemed so bland, so I took the liberty of spicing it up a bit. Call it plomeek soup a la Neelix. But your soup? Ah, there's no place like home. [Bridge]
Dinner. Since you can't bring the prisoners to the mess hall, I've brought the mess hall to them. Talaxian spice stew served over leola rice pilaf. It's an old family recipe. Too spicy? Federation guidelines are quite clear about the treatment of prisoners. I can quote the protocols if you like. (Yediq confiscates the forks.) Just doing my job. That's terrible. Excuse me? You killed someone. Why? What does that have to do with it? Are you saying you didn't do it? Sorry. Dinner will be ready in fifteen minutes. (Torres slides the shutters apart.) Did you know the Nygeans govern a sector of space occupied by several different humanoid species? One of those species is the Benkarans. They occupy just ten percent of Nygean space, but take up nearly eighty percent of the space in Nygean prisons. Not according to Joleg, one of the prisoners. According to this, Benkarans are ten times more likely to be executed for their crimes than Nygeans. I contacted the Nygean government. Told them I was interested in a cultural exchange. Among other things, they let me access data on their criminal justice system. It all supports what Joleg told me. I know what you're thinking. These are the transcripts from Joleg's trial. He was convicted on circumstantial evidence. Apparently. How many of those people were sentenced to die? [Sickbay] That's Kadis-kot. Congratulations. PRISONER [OC]: Down here.NEELIX: I've been doing some research on the Nygean legal system. You were right about the Benkarans receiving harsher sentences. I saw the statistics. I noticed some people convicted of murder, even terrible premeditated murders, weren't executed. Some aren't punished at all. But you were sentenced to death. The family? Well, shouldn't you be sentenced by someone less partial, like a judge? I think I get your point. What about the criminals that didn't serve any sentence at all? Oh, that doesn't seem fair. Maybe I can talk to the captain about finding a way to compensate your victims. There must be something I can do. I'll get a PADD. [Sickbay] He's already had his dinner. All right. [Ready room] Sorry. I tried to help you and you took advantage of me. The note we sent your brother. He traced the transmission to Voyager. He's the one who attacked us. I read Yediq's security report. You threatened to kill him. Why not? You look fine to me.
 I'm sorry, but there's no more Marsupial surprise. We only had two kilos of pouches to begin with, and it's all gone. Now how about some pizza, huh?
Hope you enjoy it. Captain, you caught me by surprise. Well, I know how you and the other senior officers have been, excuse me, disappointed with the rations lately, so I thought I'd use a few of the vegetables from the hydroponics bay and whip up a little breakfast. It wasn't easy. I had to completely re-route the mess hall power conduits and scrounge a lot of supplies from all over the ship, but that's my specialty, making something out of nothing. I know it doesn't look like much now, but in a few days you'll swear there'd been a galley here for years. Be careful, that one is a little spicy. Ah, well, no one. Your? Your dining room? Oh! Then I guess that you'll be wanting me to move all of this stuff out of your way. Ensign Parsons, would you mind keeping an eye on things until I get back and er, rotate the darvot fritters every ten minutes until they turn a deep chartreuse. And remember one, one to a customer. [Bridge]  Just as I said. I bet there are a few Yallitaian engineers who'd give all three of their spinal columns to know where this planet is. With you. I've been studying my tricorder operations manual. Lieutenant Torres has brought me up to date on dilithium geophysics. I've been preparing for this mission all week. I think you'll find me extremely helpful, Commander. I remember the first time I flew past this planet, it was about three years ago  Neelix to Commander Chakotay. I think I've found something. A large cavern approximately twenty metres from my position. I'm reading a huge dilithium formation there.  But it's right here. I'm in the cavern now, Commander, but I don't understand this. Not so much as a sliver of dilithium, and yet according to my readings I should be surrounded by it. Wait a minute. I'm getting unusual readings from this rock face. Traces of organic energy. Looks like a bio-electrical signature. I think there's something alive down here. It's about two metres into this rock face. Just one minute, Commander. (The rock face behind Neelix transforms into a tunnel. A figure sees Neelix and hides. Neelix turns and sees the constructed tunnel.) Hello? Is there someone there? Hello? I know there's somebody. (The somebody zaps Neelix with an energy weapon.) [Tunnel 3]  Holographic lungs? How long can I live like this? When do I get out of this restraint? Indefinitely? You mean I could be in here the rest of my life. Well, if I'm going to be in here a while, now's as good a time as any to tell you. Your ceiling is hideous. Something with a bit of colour would help. Maybe a nice tapestry or a painting. Could you dim the lights a little? And some music would be nice. Or better yet, are you programmed to sing? Oh, fine. I have a little accident, I lose a pair of lungs, and the next thing I know Paris is swooping in like a Rectillian vulture. Didn't you hear the way that he said that? I'll be on the bridge if you need me. If you need me. Why doesn't he just pull the plug on the holographic emitter and get it over with. Get me out of the way so he can have you all to himself. Ah, so it's Tom now, is it? It's not you I'm worried about. It's him. He's just one big hormone walking around the ship. Don't you see the way that he looks at you? Kes, I could be in here a very long time. You need to go on with your life. Don't worry about me. You should just let me die. I'll try to contain my disappointment. [Bridge] Doctor? Doctor, I require your assistance. Please, it's urgent. I have an itch Just above my left eyebrow. (The EMH sighs, and scratches it.) A little higher. Ah. Thank you. Doctor, wait, don't leave. I can't see you over there. I feel like I'm all alone. That's very amusing, Doctor. But, I'm really starting to feel a little trapped in here. A little claustrophobic, maybe. I'm not sure what to do. I'm going to lie here for the rest of my life, aren't I? Just staring up at the ceiling. I'm not sure I can take that. I really need to get out of this restraint. Doctor, I want you to let me out of this thing right now. I'm the patient, I know what my rights are. I want to be released from this restraint immediately. Immediately! Don't tell me to calm down! You're not the one trapped in a restraining field with holo, holo-lungs. I don't think they're working. I can't, can't get enough oxygen. There's something wrong. I can't. I'm dying. Let me out of here. Help me. Help me. (The EMH hypos Neelix into unconsciousness.) [Bridge] No, absolutely not. It's too dangerous. Let someone else do it. All right. You mean I can keep my kitchen? Thank you, Captain. And Captain? I'll see you at breakfast. Captain's log, supplemental. The aliens have successfully transplanted one of Kes' lungs into Neelix. The dampening field has been deactivated, and I have allowed them to beam back to their vessel. We are resuming a course home. [Sickbay] (Neelix and Kes are in blue sickbay gowns on biobeds. Kes wakes up first.)
Even though breakfast isn't officially served for another hour and a half, I'd be happy to pour you a glass of Traggle nectar. I will even fix you my special Jibalian seven spice omelette. I'm sorry, B'Elanna, but two pots of Landras blend is the absolute limit. Still no idea how to revive our mechanised guest. I remember when I was trying to perfect the recipe for my Jibalian omelette. I tried everything, a little more spith basil, a little less prishic, but I couldn't get it right. Finally I fell asleep from exhaustion right there at the counter. And then, in a dream, it came to me. I was using six spices, but the omelette needed seven. Nimian sea salt, actually. Yes, salt, the most common spice in the galaxy. But I was too tired, so I couldn't see it. To bed. I said, to bed.
So how did he get the ship past them? Well I for one am glad to have the young Ensign Kim back with us. Although I still say you should have kept some of those spots. I thought they were very distinguished.
 Commander, I wanted to share a few security concerns. A few days ago I noticed some mess hall supplies had disappeared. Liquid nutriments, emergency rations. Nothing to warrant a red alert, but I took the liberty of investigating on my own. Take a look at this. (Neelix hands over a PADD.) It wasn't just unauthorised. Someone accessed the ship's environmental controls from that station. Isn't that section normally uninhabited? It looks like a Varro scanning device. Good night. (Neelix meets Seven on his way out.)NEELIX: Oh, I was just closing up for the evening, but if you need anything? Oh, good luck. (Neelix leaves.)SEVEN: Ensign.
You heard the man. Drop your weapons. Don't look so surprised, Commander. I know a winner when I see one. I'm with you. I couldn't help overhearing. You two are talking about the new holonovel. I tried sending an encoded message to Captain Janeway's shuttle to warn her about the mutiny. But Chakotay caught me, phasered me, and the programme reset. Next time, I'm going to pretend to go along with the conspirators and then stage a counterstrike. I heard about it from the Doctor. Don't worry about me. My lips are sealed. Any luck? Me neither. I've discreetly questioned everybody I thought I could trust. Either nobody knows or nobody's talking. Not to mention talent. What a story! How about a fresh pot of coffee to keep those creative juices flowing, eh? While I'm here. Of course not. I would never presume to interfere in the creative process. It's more of a comment, really, about the Neelix character. I've got a great idea for a holonovel about a daring trader who becomes a cook on a starship. Eventually, he rises
It's best if you lie still. Captain, if I may? I imagine your people will tell stories about this hunt. The question is, which story will it be? The one about the dying Beta whose life had to be saved by a hologram? Or will it be the tale of the Beta who bravely took over the hunt, killed the holograms and destroyed their ship? [Transporter room]  You could be a legend.
The delegate says he's looking forward to trading with such an advanced starship.
A door. Right, a mysterious door right in the middle of the You know, it's, it's not nice to read people's thoughts when they're telling a story. It's all right. (Janeway enters.) NEELIX: Why don't you all go play by yourselves for a while. We'll finish the story later. Oh, fine, more or less. They don't understand what all the fuss is about, but they're telepaths, Captain. If the parents are concerned or fearful the children feel it, too. You did the right thing. If we hadn't taken them off that freighter, they'd be in a detention centre by now. For you, it's always open. [Bridge] Right away. Come on now, we're going to go see your parents. Let's go. [Bridge]
There you are, Commander. Now, a person in your condition really ought to be in bed. This is my grandmother's recipe, guaranteed to cure even the most stubborn flu. Now, Smell that? Exactly. I prepared it just the way you like it. No herbs or spices of any kind. It's practically tasteless.
It's not that I feel that I'm not making contributions as chef and morale officer. Well, if you insist, but He misses his boys terribly. I wish I could do more for him. Yes? Oh, Captain. You always know how to touch one's heart. Thank you. When I signed on, I promised you that, I promised you that I would stand by your side through every danger this quadrant has to offer, as guide, as strategist, as explorer, as adventurer. I feel underutilised. I can swashbuckle with the best of them. No. Yes, sir. Ma'am. Captain. [Bridge] I believe you call them booby traps. For the Kazon, live ammunition is a very effective teaching tool. Don't worry, Captain. You can count on me to keep those nefarious Kazon at bay. What a most unusual offer. A Kazon-Ogla Maje allowing a trespasser to leave his space unharmed. What would the other Kazons say about this new merciful attitude of the Ogla? Would you? No, I don't think so. That would attract every rival Kazon sect to your secret training base, wouldn't it? Now, I know your ships, Maje. I even sold a few Plaxan sensors to the Ogla a few years back. I have no doubt that you read the same life signs on that moon that we have. Neither of us wants that, do we? Think of the cost of replacing all those weapons. Awfully hard to come by in this region. And it would make you so vulnerable to your enemies. At least we bought her some time. [Cave]
Captain, this man is a genius. I was trying to negotiate with a xenon-based lifeform when the Universal Translator went offline. Arturis here stepped in and acted as a perfect go-between, and he'd never heard either of our languages. (Arturis is a bald, slightly large-headed humanoid.) On my way. If you two will excuse me. Ready and willing, Captain.
It's leola ointment for my skin. I was so excited to visit one of those beautiful Norcadian beaches that I forgot to take my dermaline hypospray. I fell asleep under two suns. (Neelix is very pink.) A little more colour than I was hoping for, but it'll be a beautiful amber before you know it. How's your shore leave been? Tsunkatse. I heard some crewmen talking about that during breakfast. An away mission during shore leave? Ow. What about the rest of my shore leave? Commander Chakotay and B'Elanna invited me to the Tsunkatse Well, Commander Chakotay says that it's a wonderful demonstration of athletic prowess. Do you have any suggestions? Hmm, alien bugs, or alien fisticuffs. Ooo, that's a tough one. [Tsunkatse arena] I still don't understand the rules. So there is strategy involved? He looks like he could pick up a shuttlecraft. Seven? Seven! Seven! Oh, the Norcadians were shocked to learn that off-worlders might be participating against their will. [Corridor]  The Ambassador promised to begin an immediate investigation. I'm not. I spoke to one of the Pendari delegates. According to him, a huge percentage of the planet's revenue is derived from Tsunkatse. Nobody wants to do anything that might interfere with the game. We're not going to get any help through official channels. It's hard to believe, a civilisation whose favourite pastime is cheering while innocent people fight each other. [Turbolift] Like a travelling carnival.
 Oh Captain, do you have a minute? I thought last night went well, didn't you? I was thinking of making it a regular feature, say once a month? And Captain, you were especially good last night. You'd never know. Now, Captain, I, do you think, I mean, I, I, I was wondering if Could you possibly keep Mister Tuvok busy on the bridge that evening? We never had this discussion. [Shuttlecraft Sacajawea] (Heading towards a brown planet.) We have to find her somehow.
No problem, sir. I'm working on a plan to extend our food and replicator rations. But the Borg aren't exactly known for their diplomacy. How can we expect them to cooperate with us? What is the alternative?
What do you think this is? Some kind of message? (Chakotay kneels by circle of stones with markings on the ground inside it. He traces the spiral and remembers - ) [Memory - Central American jungle] (The same spiral and lines carved into a piece of dead wood.) I'll meet you there, Commander. [Transporter room] It takes more than a little thunderstorm to bother one of your mighty Starfleet ships, huh? Is something bothering you, Commander? I never knew you had such horticultural expertise, Mister Vulcan. Then we have something in common. I breed orchids too. Don't they make the most exquisite salad? A touch of Baldoxic vinegar, pure heaven. You won't believe what I've found. I think it's argh! Ow! (Chakotay and Torres run to find Neelix on the ground, clutching his face. There is a gouge across his left eye.) The bird! The bird! (The hawk swoops in again. Chakotay gets a glimpse of a face before he waves his arms and the bird flies off.) My eye. Oh. Is something the matter with him? Is he contagious? Touchy, isn't he?
And this Barzan wormhole, it's the same one we've discovered now? What other option is there? How do we do that? Not the Grand Nagus. I'm his official messenger, the Grand Proxy. (Arridor and Kol rush to kneel and kiss the staff.) Through the Barzan wormhole. The humans stabilised it temporarily and were kind enough to send a probe through, informing us of your impressive operation. If I were you, I'd save the grovelling for the Nagus himself. Of course not, you idiot! You two are going to him. You've been recalled. You will be leaving immediately. The Grand Nagus knows all about your little scheme, the Song of the Sages and all the rest of it. Very clever. But he wants you and all your acquisitions back on Ferenginar before the wormhole closes again. The Grand Nagus has no intention of losing profits from this market. That's why he's already got a team of scientists investigating the human's technology to see if we can find a way to open and close the wormhole whenever we want. That's enough! The Grand Nagus has recalled you both. It's non-negotiable. Of course, the Nagus doesn't want to upset the local population. He may want to send others in your place. That's why he wants you to make a little speech telling the people that their Holy Sages have been recalled to the Divine Treasury or whatever it is the people around here call it. Then he wants you to tell them not to worry, that everything will be all right without you. Then he wants you to thank them for their generosity. The 299th Rule of Acquisition, Whenever you exploit someone, it never hurts to thank them. That way it's easier to exploit them the next time. You've been gone a very long time. Oh, by the way, did I mention that the Nagus is appropriating all your holdings? All. I'll be back in twenty minutes to approve your speech. I suggest you start writing. (to Kafar) You! Come with me! And you. There you are. Don't push. There's plenty to go around. Oh, you're quite welcome. Here. Please, one at a time. There you go. And you.  Arridor? Kol? Show yourselves. We can't keep the Grand Nagus waiting. What is the meaning of this? (Arridor comes up behind him with another sword.) But the Grand Nagus (Neelix dodges Kol's clumsy swing. Kol falls to the floor.) Wait! Wait! I'm not, I'm not the Grand Proxy! Stop! My name is Neelix! Wait! I'm not Ferengi. I've never even met the Grand Nagus. It's true! I'm wearing a disguise. I'm really a Talaxian, a crewman on Voyager. I'm not sure how. (Kol twists Neelix's lobes.) I can't feel a thing. Suffice it to say, they know I'm not the Grand Proxy. I'm, er, well. That's right. Another Holy One. I am the Holy Pilgrim! (Silence.) I have come to fulfil the destiny that is prophesied in the Song of the Sages. Ah, there you are. Do you not recognise me? I am the Holy Pilgrim. Oh no, Great Sage, you are mistaken. I am indeed the Holy Pilgrim. And just as the Song of the Sages promises, I have come to lead you back, high into the sky of black. Well, it looks as though you two will be heading off to see the Grand Nagus after all. I am not a false Pilgrim and I'll prove it.  The song says that amid the eastern lights, three new stars appeared that night. Look, my friends. Look! Right up there! No, no! Wait a minute, people! No! There's, there's no reason to interpret the Song of the Sages so literally. Kafar! Kafar! Tell them! I am the Holy Pilgrim, and I have come to tell you there's another verse to the song. It's er, please, don't burn the Holy Ones. Commander? I think now would be a very good time for that beam-out. (Faggots of wood are laid around the Ferengi's feet.)
B'Elanna! What a nice surprise. I was just getting ready to close. Business has been slow with so many people busy on the new shuttle. You want to catch up? With me? Are you kidding? Yeah. Can I get you something? Name your poison. Come on, B'Elanna! I handed that one to you on a silver platter. Name your poison? I was expecting one of those scathing but affectionate insults you always make about my cooking. You'll feel wittier on a full stomach. So, what'll it be? I don't think I ever heard of banana pancakes before. Well then, one smile coming right up. (He walks over to a replicator.) Computer, one stack of banana pancakes. Smells delicious. Oh, just great. My security training is going really well. Tuvok told me the other day that I'm, er, not completely inept. Aren't you going to try them? Well?
Captain, this used to be a major trading spot. I'm not sure exactly. If I had to guess I'd say about nineteen years, more or less. I'm sorry. What does that mean? Maybe it was caused by the panic that accompanies a heart attack. Maybe we should try to make him laugh. A good joke just, er, seems to make er, fear dissolve. Well, it does in me, anyway.
We've got sensors. Short range only. Lieutenant? They're hailing us.  I'm picking up the away team.
Nice to see the family back together again, isn't it? YIFAY: When you were little, you would only eat the inside [Brunali settlement]
Ah, one other piece of business, Captain. It seems we had another incident in the Mess hall last night. I'm afraid so. A leg of Kelaran wildebeest I'd prepared for Ensign Ryson's birthday. Since Commander Tuvok has been unable to round up any suspects, I'd like to ask that stronger measures be taken. I'd like to ask permission to replicate some locking mechanisms for the cabinet doors. Oh, there you are. Lieutenant Torres tells me you're under the weather. Well, is there anything your Morale officer can do to help? Assignments you need me to finish while you recuperate? I have some wonderful medicinal teas. Maybe I could prepare one for you? How about if I make one of your favourite nutritional supplements? Right. Sorry. Oh! Ah, I almost forgot. It's from Naomi Wildman. It's a drawing of Voyager, or maybe it's an asteroid belt. I'm not sure. Naomi thought it might make you feel better.
I suppose I should be insulted but everything is so delicious I may just have to admit defeat and hang up my apron. Pinot noir, Commander? What happened to the stars? (A ship opens fire on them.) [Bridge] I used to make a living scavenging for supplies. Let me take one of the shuttles. I might be able to find deuterium on one of those abandoned ships. Technically, Captain, that's not correct. I consider myself the first member of the Captain's coalition. Six years ago, I offered her my services and the resources of my ship, and she's never failed to help me when I needed her. I tried. [Corridor] Seven's not the only one who knows how to set an elegant table. That's no reason why you two can't enjoy a romantic dinner. Unfortunately, I can't light this. It would be a waste of oxygen. Still, it is festive. Close your eyes and pretend that it's Seven's fettran risotto. A preserved olian guava. I had a few left. No arguments. You're eating for two. Always room for one more, Captain. It may not be a gourmet feast, but we can feed five hundred people a day now, using half the power it took us a few days ago.
Our journey. Nice work, Seven. Mister Vulcan, sir. A tactical question if I may? (Neelix is in Starfleet uniform.) We're just about done rebuilding the internal security sensors, and we're ready to programme the audio signal. Do you want it to say intruder alert, or should we try something a little more dramatic, like Warning, intruder alert or, Intruders among us! Danger! Danger! Intruders among us? Yeah, go with the classic. Understood, sir. (Neelix walks on.) Well? I call it the Elixir of Endurance. It's loaded with amino acids, carbohydrates, all the nutrients necessary for the crew to withstand these stressful conditions. Well, yes, yes. But this time, pureed and mixed with water and enhanced with Talaxian spices. Thirty two so far. Right. Chakotay's quarters. [Chakotay's quarters] Captain? Handsome. Yes, Captain.
Doctor! Aren't you going to introduce me to your date? I'm sorry. I didn't realise. As Chief Morale Officer, may I be the first to welcome you to Voyager. Let's go. You're making the lady nervous. Nice to meet you.
Captain, I'm serving lunch in less that two hours. Ah! Ooo. Sikaris! Only stories about their incredible hospitality. And I hear the Sikarians have a huge variety of edible plants. If we could collect some seeds, we'd expand our selection significantly.
Everybody seems to be enjoying it. Those are for eating, not scanning. Cheese pirogues. Zefram Cochrane's favourite. This is a party, Doctor. Sometimes you have to forget about nutrition. Replicate? I made them myself. Well, now's as good a time as any. Captain? (Neelix hands Janeway the tray of snacks.) May I have everyone's attention, please? In honour of the three hundred and fifteenth anniversary of his ancestors' arrival on Earth, I've asked Mister Tuvok to recite the first words spoken to humans by a Vulcan. Commander. You promised. And now, for some more of Zefram Cochrane's favourite music. Hey, come on, Mister Vulcan. But it's tradition.  Are we there yet? From a ship? No response from hails? I hope they're all right. Can we move in any closer?  It wouldn't have hurt you to do a few steps. I think you were just afraid. It's understandable. There were a lot of people watching. I'm going to make it my personal mission to get you to dance at least once before we reach Earth. Inside? (Whumph!)NEELIX: What was that? Where? Am I inside the asteroid? Where are my friends? I'd like to see them. Looking for you. Well, not you specifically. But my ship detected Talaxians. I haven't come across any in years, so. I'm sorry, I'm Neelix. I'm the only one. They're my friends. Did you receive our hails? Why didn't you respond? We were attacked. There were explosions. Did you? Who fired at us? I wish we'd known. It's standard procedure for an away mission. Hello. What's your name? (A little boy peers around a corner.) I think you have the wrong idea about us. I'm feeling better. I'd like to see my friends now. (Dexa activates a forcefield across the bed alcove.) NEELIX: What are you doing?  I don't think you're supposed to be here. No, of course not. I just don't want you to get in trouble. Is that a model ship? What's it called? How about The Two-Tailed Talchok? The Fur Fly? The ship I come from is called Voyager. And fast. I think it would be a little difficult to take you there while I'm stuck here. But if your mother would let me out (The sound of a metal door opening.) You better hide. No, of course not. (Brax puts his model ship on a table and hides behind it.) I wish I could say it was nice to meet you, but this wasn't exactly the welcome I was expecting. What about my friends? Well, now that everything has been cleared up, maybe we could talk, get to know each other a little. My friends, too? Why not? Well, if they're not welcome, I'm not staying either. How many of you live here? It must have taken years to build all of this. Where did the technology come from? Who'd have imagined all of this inside an asteroid? Your son seems like a wonderful boy. True, but I'm a quick judge of character. You can't blame him for being curious. I'd like to meet your husband. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to I'm fine. Dexa, this is Lieutenant Paris, and Commander Tuvok. It was nice to meet you. (Dexa leaves.) NEELIX: So, what can I do to help? Well, er, they didn't exactly send out a welcoming committee, but I'm sure they had their reasons. I guess my expectations were a little high. That's nice of you to say, Commander, but it wasn't a complete waste of time. I got to meet some of my people again, even if it was a short visit. Who knows, it's probably the last time I'll ever see We're old friends. I don't think your mother would approve. Here? I, I have no idea what you're talking about. I'll be right back. [Asteroid corridor] Don't touch him! You've said what you've come to say. Now I suggest you leave. I agree with Oxilon. Fighting isn't the answer. But I'll try to help. Well, we could talk to my captain. Maybe she can negotiate with the miners, get them to agree to let you stay. The best thing would be for you to come to Voyager. Talk to her yourself. Why don't you both come? I've seen your home. I'd like you to see mine. [Bridge]  Commander Chakotay, I'd like you to meet Dexa And Brax. And this is Ensign Kim. This is an Engineering station, and over there is Tactical, and down there is the helm. And this is the Captain's chair. Well, actually, I don't have a specific, er, I'm more of a That's how we found you. There's the Godo mountain range. Mine too. If tomorrow's negotiations go well, you won't have to go anywhere. [Corridor]  Next stop, Engineering. Naomi! I'm sorry, I forgot all about our Kadis-kot game. Of course. Dexa, Brax, this is my goddaughter, Naomi. That's a great idea. Sounds scary. The feeling's mutual. [Guest quarters] I've been saving it for fifteen years. I wasn't sure I'd ever open it, but tonight seemed like the right occasion. Would you like some more taga cake? I'm glad you like it. It's a family recipe. How did he? I'm sorry. You probably don't want to talk about it. Why? They didn't like that. I'm sorry. Maybe this time it'll be different. I should get a good night's sleep if I'm going to be my best at the negotiations tomorrow. Would you be open to some kind of compensation? Wait. The Talaxians have found a way to produce a lot of geothermal energy. Maybe they could share it with you. You could convert it into fuel to power your ships. Maybe later. (Dexa and Neelix move away.) We did get them to make a small concession. They've extended the deadline. You'll have enough time to dismantle your equipment. Captain Janeway has agreed to ferry all of you and your supplies to the nearest M class planet. I've detected five warp capable species within two light years of the planet where we're taking the Talaxians. I'm worried they might be vulnerable to attack. I thought maybe you could help me devise some defence strategies for their new home. No, I suppose not. Are you saying they should stay? Hypothetically, if they wanted to defend the asteroid, how would they do it? You mean shields? I suppose so. If you had the captain's permission, would you be willing to provide that leadership? You mean me? I couldn't lead those people, Mister Tuvok. I'm not a fighter. I'm just a cook who sometimes imagines himself to be a diplomat. I always thought you just tolerated me. You really think so? Just to see my friends. I didn't want to bother anyone. Whatever I do, I promise it won't involve Voyager. I know you have Prime Directive issues. But I'm not officially part of your crew, so I don't have the same constraints. Are you ordering me not to go? It's up to the Talaxians. (Janeway opens the shuttlebay doors.) Commander Tuvok suggested that we could modify the emitters so they could be fired from torpedo tubes on your ship and planted in the surface. I could provide cover from my ship. But you're right, we'd have to work quickly. Good idea. This is your home. The miners have no right to force you out. I don't like it either but at some point you have to stand up for yourselves. How do you know there won't be someone else to terrorise you the next place you go? No one has worked harder to build this place than you. Isn't it worth defending? [Asteroid control area] You're scared, aren't you? Terrified. I will. I'll see you soon. (He starts to leave. She pulls him back and they kiss.) [Neelix's ship]  Two more and we're done.  The miners' ship is on an intercept course. Evasive manoeuvres. [Oxilon's ship] I'll deal with them. [Neelix's ship]  Just focus on your job. All right, Mister Vulcan, let's see if you were right about me. [Asteroid control centre] (An explosion brings down a little debris.) Just one more emitter [Neelix's ship] And you can activate the shield. (Neelix destroys another mining charge dropping towards the asteroid. His ship takes a weapons hit.)NEELIX: Neelix to Oxilon. [Oxilon's ship] My weapons are You have to get there. They're going to launch another charge. [Asteroid control centre] Don't worry about me. [Neelix's ship] Just get ready to bring the grid online. [Delta Flyer] (The Flyer blows up the charge just before it hits Neelix' ship.)  Fine, Captain. But you shouldn't be here. [Delta Flyer] NEELIX I'm just happy things worked out, and I'm glad that I could spend some time here with all of you. I'd better go. I promise I'll stay in touch as long as I can. [Wildman's quarters] Hi. What are you working on? Need some help? Do you have time for a game of Kadis-kot? I guess you'd better get to sleep then. Do you want me to tuck you in? Tell you a bedtime story? Just think of all the stories you've missed. I wouldn't want you to have coffee all by yourself. I've been thinking about something. It's a little hard to put into words, and I haven't really made a decision yet. And of course I would never ignore my responsibilities on Voyager. I take them very seriously. I'd be happy to. It must be important. Certainly.
I have a few suggestions that might boost people's spirits. Rotate crew assignments. Add variety to the daily routine. I myself wouldn't mind squeezing in a little tactical training. And the holodecks have been in high demand. I was thinking we could install a few emitters in Cargo Bay two. Turn it into a third holodeck. One other item, sir. A point of er, concern among some of the crew. It's, well, it's the Captain. She's been a bit elusive lately. People take comfort in talking to her. When they see that the Captain's happy, they're happy. Computer, lights! Maximum level! Bergamot tea, hot. First thing in the morning I replicate some curtains. [Mess hall] Good evening. Or should I say good morning? Guess you couldn't sleep either. I certainly am laughing, on the inside. Smiling, anyway. Let's start a new game. Cards? Maybe a little snack? Please. Stop! You are senior officers! You are you are supposed to be setting an example for the rest. The rest of the crew. (Neelix is having trouble breathing.)  Some morale officer I turned out to be. Anxiety? Anxiety's what I feel when I burn a pot roast. This. This is more like. Yes. You're not helping, Doctor. I hope so. [Astrometrics lab] (Seven enters. Tuvok is looking at a star map whilst using his meditation lamp.) Don't mind me. Who's worried?  I saw something, over there. I'm telling you, I saw something. I may be nihiliphobic but my eyes work just fine. I can hear breathing. (Chakotay's wrist beacon lights up another alien. Someone phasers it in the back as it rushes them. It runs away.) Yes, ma'am. [Bridge]  Not again. (The lights drop then return.) We've missed you, Captain. He's right, Captain. I'd be willing to brave this Void if it meant keeping you with us.
 Talaxian champagne, moon-ripened. Your favourite. I put a bottle away for a special occasion. Remember when we last sipped this together? And do you remember the toast I made? To the adventure. When you left Ocampa, you said that your people were being held beck. That if you were only given the chance you could become something so much more. And you have. I was only holding you back. That's obvious to me now. My cooking. You've always hated my cooking. Ah. So, tell me more about what's happening to you. What does it all mean? It sounds ah, sper, ah, interesting. Er, Kes. Kes, stop!
Captain, if I may? We're not far from a planet known as Sobras, where there's a Kazon settlement inhabited by a faction known as the Pommar. I have an acquaintance there, someone who owes me some favours. Some rather large favours, actually. Perhaps I could meet with him and sound him out. Not exactly, but he does have the Maje's ear. This would be strictly informal, but it might give us a reading on the possibility without the risk of actual confrontation. Hello my friends. Please, don't let me interrupt. I was hoping to find my good friend Jal Tersa here. Has he been in tonight? (The bartender nods in the direction of a table.) Thank you. Tersa, my friend! (Tersa is trying to workout a matchstick puzzle on the table.) I'd never dream of sneaking up on you, but you were so engrossed in whatever it is you're doing. I'm good at puzzles, perhaps I can help? Oh, a splendid motivation, to be sure. I might just be able to make your night a memorable one. I might, if you'll hear me out first. My fortunes have changed since we last met, Tersa. I've become a person of some influence aboard a starship known as Voyager. A simple misunderstanding. Tersa, I know you have the ear of your First Maje, as I do with our Captain. We could be quite useful to both of them. My Captain is interested in talking to your Maje, to discuss a possible alliance. Do you think he'd have any interest in such a meeting? An interesting thought, isn't it? Tersa! Explain to them we're friends! I guess you'll be spending the night alone. [Briefing room]  Once your Maje learns I'm being imprisoned he'll be outraged! He won't look kindly on anyone who's made such a egregius error. What are you charging me with? How long will I be held? Well, I assume you'll at least let me confer with counsel. I have the ability to reward handsomely anyone who shows me a bit of understanding. Is that a baby? (There are a lot of people being held here.) My name is Neelix. I'm Talaxian. I wasn't walking quickly enough for them. Why are they holding you? How long have you been here? The Kazon won't be satisfied until you've all been annihilated. Only two. I guess they assume this place is so secure that they don't need anymore. Why do you ask? You can count on me. I'd rather go out fighting, myself. (They look out at a guard.) I'll keep an eye on him. (Weapons fire attracts the guard's attention down the passageway.) Hello, Captain. I'd like you to meet my good friend Mabus. We've just escaped from the Kazon Pommar. They're Trabe vessels, actually. Everything the Kazon have, they stole from the Trabe. Mabus will tell you all about it over a sumptuous dinner. The food hasn't been very good where we've been.  Before the uprising, the Trabe were known as a highly evolved species. They produced scholars and artists who were widely admired and their technology was among the finest in the quadrant. No one really knew about the Kazon and how they were being treated. You have to understand. The Trabe were rich and powerful. They manipulated information about the conditions on their planet. And no one wanted to risk offending them, and losing opportunities for trade.  He was a Takrit, a band of mercenaries that operates in this system, My contact on the planet said that he was making a sketch of the conference site, and believe me the Takrid are not known for their art. That's as much information as I got. Why miss a chance to wipe out your rivals while they're together in one room? A rumour that must be taken seriously nonetheless. Have you heard anything more about the matter we discussed? Tersa, this time I am here with a powerful starship. You'd better be telling me everything you know. He hasn't heard anything more, but he's frightened. He must believe something's going to happen. Peace? A massacre? We're in good shape, Captain. We shouldn't have to stop anywhere for several weeks.
Right. (Paris, who is the dealer, gives Neelix his one card.) NEELIX: Bah. I'm thinking. Twenty. Another twenty. Ha. Ensign? I don't know what you're talking about. I've, I've, this is the first time I've played. What is it called? Sounds good to me. Does that beat a flush? Why didn't our sensors detect them? Shields down eighteen percent.  Sir, the Cube's power output is fluctuating. We've lost phasers. We knocked out their main propulsion system. Commander? I was dreaming you'd been assimilated. Sir. (There is a partly assimilated body on the surgical table.)
 Mail call. Bad news? Zimmerman? Oh. What's wrong with him? How well did you know him? If you'd like to send a response, the captain will need it by nineteen hundred hours.
I've never seen the Kazon do anything like this before. Forgive me, Captain, but are you sure going after the Nistrim is the wisest course of action after what they've already done to us? Even though all they've stolen is a small computer component? They'll try to get it for themselves any way they can. You're right. It could alter the balance of power among the sects. You can count on me, Captain. I'm not so sure these men died by accident, Captain. You see this green band he's wearing? It means he was the First Maje of the Kazon-Relora. Sworn enemies of the Nistrim. It's conceivable that Seska and Culluh used the transporter to execute these men. Captain's log, stardate 49208.5. I have convened a meeting of the senior staff to determine how we can get close enough to the Nistrim ship to deploy the anti-proton beam. [Briefing room] They must belong to enemy sects. It's certainly unusual for rival Kazon sects to congregate peacefully. I've never known the Kazon to do anything like that before.
There are women and children down there. We can't just lock them up. We'll double up in quarters. I'll ask for volunteers.  Captain, you must try the gagh. Well, I've been studying the Klingon database. They're a fascinating people, very robust. And they certainly seem to appreciate my culinary skills. Ah, not quite everything. some of the Starfleet people have been complaining about the smell. Personally, I find it appealing. A kind of a musky aroma. If you don't mind, Ensign, I've been studying Klingon etiquette. You shouldn't quarrel over food. Save your strength for battle, to fight those who would challenge you. (Neelix gets thrown to the deck.)  What a day. I never met a more ravenous group in my life. I must have served over three hundred meals. We're bunkmates. No, there's no mistake. I gave up my quarters to a Klingon family. By the time I checked with Commander Chakotay, you were the only one who hadn't been paired up. We're such close friends, I knew you wouldn't mind. You don't really want me to go back there and tell that family to get out, do you? Good. Because I promise you we're going to have fun, Mister Vulcan. I learned some Klingon drinking songs. I'll teach them to you. (sings) 'ej HumtaH 'ej DechtaH 'Iw'ej Doq SodTah ghoSpa' Sqral bIQtiQ. [Engineering] PARIS Exaggeration is part of Klingon custom. She's doing great. Hi.(The crewman nods and walks on.)KIM: Psst! Neelix!  (Kim comes out of a Jefferies tube.) Something wrong, Harry? Who? Officer Ch'Rega. I haven't seen her today. Why? Oh! You're a lucky man. She's a fine specimen of Klingon womanhood. Wait, I have a better idea. (Neelix pushes Kim against the wall.) Play along. I'm taking her off your hands. When I say you're limited to two servings of brak't, that's all you get. Do you understand me, Ensign? I don't think you do. If I catch you eating more than your share again, I'll cut it out of your belly. (sotto) Run. (Kim runs, bumping into crewmen.) PetaQ! (Ch'Rega gazes at Neelix and growls softly.) [Holodeck - Arena] Well, you do know they're fighting with non-lethal weapons? I'll be there in a minute, Commander. That's, that's my boot. Goodbye, my little par'machkai. I'm really going to miss her. [Tuvok's quarters]
Sorry. How about a game of Species, Starship or Anomaly? Come on, Tuvok, it'll be fun. You think of something, species, anomaly, or starship, and I have fifteen questions to guess what it is. Come on, come on, come on, come on. How about a riddle? Come on, it'll be fun. Okay, forget fun. A good riddle can stimulate the mind. Now, no self-respecting Vulcan could say no to that. Okay, here goes. A lone Ensign finds himself stranded on a class L planetoid with no rations. His only possession, a calendar. When Starfleet finds him twelve months later, he's in perfect health. Why didn't he starve to death? But not for a whole year. Ah ha, ha ha! I stumped you. As a matter of fact, he not only survived, but his belly was full. Why? Because he feasted on dates from the calendar. Where are you going? Have fun. [Delta Flyer - aft section]  Miss me already, Commander? No. [Delta Flyer - aft section] NEELIX  That's odd. What sort of readings?  Commander? [Delta Flyer - aft section] I'll get it. By the time I reached Tuvok, whoever had attacked him was gone. Between trying to tend to the Commander and piloting the Flyer, I had my hands full. I, I didn't think to scan for cloaked ships. I'm sorry. It couldn't hurt to ask. Why wasn't I warned about them during my negotiations with your government? They were trying to download tactical data. I want to help. There must be something. There's no way that I'm going to be able to sleep knowing that Tuvok is lying here like this. So, you're saying that if I stay here and, and try to talk to Tuvok, I might be able to provoke some sort of response? The Chants of the Monks of T'Panit. Personally, I think it's dreadful, too, but it's one of Tuvok's favourites. You said I was supposed to stimulate his senses. Computer, pause music. Doctor? Tuvok. You've had an accident. You're in Sickbay. Don't worry, Tuvok, he's only trying to help you. It's only a It's only a matter of time, Captain. Look how far he's come already. I'm going to take him on a tour of the ship. The Doctor thinks that familiar sights and sounds might get the old synaptic juices flowing. Don't worry, Captain. Tuvok will be back to his old self before you can say live long and prosper. [Bridge]  I've brought a visitor. You remember Commander Chakotay. This is tactical station, where you work. (Kim is currently standing there.) I think he remembers it. That's all right, Tuvok. Everybody makes mistakes. We'll be back later. [Tuvok's quarters]  Last, but not least, your quarters. You spend a lot of time here. Reading, meditating. Mister Paris once referred to it as the Vulcan vault. Ah. Look around, explore. [Astrometrics lab]  They're gone now, Tuvok. I told you you'd be safe. Tuvok? What? Tell me, what did I do? Do you know who I am? Captain, he may be talking again, but that doesn't mean he's ready to be interrogated. He's beginning to experience emotions, volatile ones. During this last encounter with the Ba'Neth, he was terrified. All right, Tuvok, you can come in now. Well, er, we should be going, too. A few of the crew have offered to help with Tuvok's rehabilitation. Oh, Tuvok. I'm, I'm sure that you would This has always been one of your favourite games, Tuvok. It helps keep your logic sharp. Go ahead. (Tuvok places a rod, and the shape crumbles.) Try again. You can do it. Nice picture. You should see mine. It's awful. You're an extraordinary fellow, Tuvok. You're still the same person. We talked about that. You had an accident. Tuvok, you've just got to be patient. Look how much progress you've made already. It's going to take time, but you'll relearn all those things. Well, because the Doctor Well, not yet, but You don't know that. The Vulcan mind. It's okay Doctor, I can handle this. Please, Tuvok, try to relax. Everything's going to be fine. Yes, I did. You were pondering. Something difficult, by the looks of it. Anything I can help you with? Try me. The Ba'Neth. That's quite a riddle. Oh, I thought it was going great, but now? Let's just say that I've got a riddle of my own. All right. When is a Vulcan no longer a Vulcan? No, I was speaking metaphorically. Right. And how does he get it back? Exactly. But what if he's brain-damaged and emotionally unstable? How does he learn? Well, thanks for the pep talk. What circumstances? Are you saying that the Tuvok I know is gone? That I should stop trying to help him? Because Captain Janeway didn't give up on you. She kept trying to help you. Thank you. I'm not sure I deserve a gift. You were frustrated. I don't blame you. I'm the one who should be apologising. Because I was pushing you too hard. I was trying to mould you into something you weren't. Maybe there are things that you can do better. Well, this, for example. You would've considered it an illogical use of your time. No, it's wonderful. It's creative. It's a symbol of friendship. Before your accident, you never would have considered that my feelings might have been hurt. You would have certainly never have made me a gift. Ah, we were colleagues, and I certainly felt affection for you. You tolerated me. You said things like 'Mister Neelix, please contain your exuberance.' And, 'Mister Neelix I have no desire for fun.' And you never smiled. You've got a much better sense of humour now. Me, too. You don't have to. Whatever you want. Wait till you taste it. What did I tell you? Tuvok has a flair for food. All morning, he's been creating new recipes using combinations of ingredients that I never would have imagined. For example. A terra nut soufflé, Jibalian fudge cake with peppermint coulis, sweet leola root tart. Mmm. It's difficult for him, Captain. Maybe you can try again tomorrow. What is it? What are you listening to? Maybe after your Doctor's appointment. The Doctor's analysed the Ba'Neth weapon, and he's devised a procedure to treat you. You should be proud of yourself. If you hadn't drawn that picture on the cake, we may never have found a treatment. Why? You're having pre-operative jitters, that's all. Don't worry, everyone gets them. Just think about it. In a few hours, you'll be yourself again. But you'll be able to do all the things that you used to do. Work on the bridge, advise the Captain. Well, you won't call it fun. You'll call it deriving satisfaction. But it's basically the same thing. You'll still experience emotions. Probably not. You've just told me. Of course. I'd be lying if I told you that things between us will stay the same. Because this crew needs its tactical officer on the bridge. And I wouldn't be a very good friend if I ignored that just so that you'd be nicer to me. [Sickbay] Of course. (Tuvok goes into the surgical bay and lies down.)NEELIX: I'm going to miss him. It's good to see you up and about. Are you feeling better? That's wonderful news. How about a celebratory glass of champagne? Of course. I'm preparing a special dinner tonight in honour of your recovery. I don't suppose that you'd be interested in preparing one of your famous desserts? Maybe another time. I beg your pardon? That's a very clever answer, Mister Vulcan, But it's not very logical, is it?
Rabbit? She never told me she likes rabbits. What is a rabbit anyway? Is this some new chef she's interviewing?
There are two main airlocks on each deck. We'll open them as we go. Perform a series of controlled decompressions. Forcefields. I spent six years aboard a Talaxian garbage scow. I know a few things about waste management. Ah, not quite. Do we still have a minute? It's just it's not quite strong enough yet. Would you mind passing me that little dish? Lunch, and dinner, and a midnight snack have all been taken care of. This is for me. It's a Talaxian theta radiation remedy. Crushed rama leaf and katyllian clove. It helps fortify the cellular membranes. Every little bit helps. Oh, by the way, thank you. For sending me on such an important mission. Not that my duties in the mess hall aren't challenging. Well, our scow once ran smack into a theta radiation field. Knocked the propulsion out. We had no choice but to sit there. We were barely alive when they found us. If it hadn't been for this, nobody What was that? Wait. That deck is still contaminated. Wait. (Neelix gives Pelk another injection.)NEELIX: One for the road. Give me twenty cc's of anesthezine. We don't know. He went away for a minute, he screamed, and we found him here. Without tricorders, it's hard to make a diagnosis. He's going into shock. Cortical stimulator. He's not responding. (Pelk dies.) I'd love to soak in a hot bath for a day or two. B'Elanna? Your hand. (It has blisters.) Twelve down, three to go. Forcefields, where are they? He was right behind me. Calm down, both of you! We don't have time to argue about what happened. We've got to keep moving. (A shadowy figure watches them leave.) [Bridge] We just vented the last deck. We should have a clear path to the control room. If you need to rest. Meditating? You? Your secret's safe. I know how you feel. The next time I volunteer to board a Malon freighter, check me into Sickbay and have my head examined. We'll get through this together. I've got a knack for diffusing explosive situations. We've got less than ten minutes before this vessel explodes. What happened? Is there another way out?
 Mister Tuvok! Mister Tuvok! I was supposed to accompany you on security rounds this morning. Did you forget? I'm sure it was definite. Well, maybe not completely definite. That is, I, I'd expressed my desire to learn the ropes as it were, and I have completed my study of starship security protocols. I think you'll find that I'm fully qualified to serve in the capacity of a Starfleet security officer. Junior grade, of course. But Captain Janeway is always saying that Voyager is a ship of opportunity. I've been working hard at this. I really do feel I have a great deal to contribute to Voyager beyond my current role. I'll see you first thing tomorrow morning for security rounds! [Engineering] Good morning, B'Elanna. You missed my special Klingon Breakfast Buffet. Well, you're not alone. None of the crew seemed especially enthusiastic about it. What's the problem with er, the plasma injectors? I've been getting myself up to speed on Federation warp propulsion. Ah. Have you thought of phase locking them to the dilithium matrix? Oh. I really am interested in learning more about engineering systems, maybe even volunteering for a few duty shifts. In fact, I have a couple of questions about the impulse response filters. Oh. I understand, Lieutenant. Sorry. I'll just watch for a while, if you don't mind. I also had a question about the transporter buffers. On my way, Captain. [Bridge] I believe this is a region of space known as the Nekrit Expanse. (The dust clouds are purple.) It's a vast territory. No one knows much about it. That might be advisable. Yes, ma'am. I'm at your command, as always. There is a station near the border, a kind of supply depot for mining and trading ships. I suggest we stop there for provisions before we go into the Nekrit Expanse. Er, let's see. It's actually been a while. I see you're a map dealer. Actually, I'm interested in maps of the Nekrit Expanse. Surely there's an astrometric chart or a database that would help me plot a safe course? Wixiban? Wix, is that you? I can't believe it! It's a long story. I'm one of the crew of a highly advanced starship.  I do a little of everything. Cook, guide, advisor to the Captain, possibly even an unofficial Ambassador. Yes, I'm very, I'm very lucky. But what about you? What are you doing on this station? I'm sorry. I hope it works out. Er, Wix, about the Ubeans. I don't think I ever told you how much I valued what you did. Yes, I would have. But you were the one who got caught. I owe you a great deal. If there's anything I can do to help. To tell you the truth, it's not quite what I told you. In fact I may not be on Voyager much longer. The main reason Captain Janeway needed me was as a guide, to give her information about this quadrant. But I've never been beyond the Nekrit Expanse. I can't tell her anything about what's ahead. They don't really need a cook, and I don't think our Captain really requires an Ambassador. I've tried to find some other area where I might be useful, but, the truth is, I'm not needed. I'm hoping you can help me. I can't let Voyager go into that dangerous without some idea of what's there. I have to find a map. [Mess hall] (Neelix drops a pan of something.) Dinner isn't for an hour, Ensign Vorik, and I don't have time to prepare a snack. Oh, of course. Go ahead. (Chakotay enters with Wixiban.) Well, er, yes. Yes, of course. Well, yes, Wix has always had a knack for finding those hard to locate items. Yes, this is the Mess room. On any given day I must be prepared to feed over a hundred people. About done, Ensign? Well I really don't need the replicators today, so you can finish later. Oh, and remind Lieutenant Torres. When she has a moment, I'd still like to go over a few things with her. Thank you. (Vorik leaves.) Wix, please tell me those spindle bearings weren't stolen property. I haven't forgotten. Of course not. That's great news. Captain Janeway hasn't had any luck. Wonderful! How do we get it? Where does the map come in? I can't thank you enough. I don't think that would be a problem. I suppose there's no need to mention it. Only twenty kilogrammes. I told Commander Chakotay it would be forty five. I don't like keeping the whole truth from Commander Chakotay. It's not honest. Wix, I'm not what I used to be. We're within transporter range. I've entered the coordinates. (Wixiban takes a hand phaser from a locker.) What are you doing? You said this would be easy. Computer, energise. [Space Station - Corridor 14L]  Where's your contact? I don't like this, meeting in dark passages late at night. What's he doing? What kind of medical supplies are those? Wix! (The case of supplies is snatched from Neelix.) Computer, two to beam up. [Shuttlecraft]  You lied to me from the beginning and I was foolish enough to believe you! Those aren't ordinary medical supplies. You failed to mention that. They're narcotics, aren't they. Oh, you're up to your same old tricks. We have to talk to Captain Janeway as soon as we get back. I can't just forget about this. Wix. All right! I won't say anything. But I don't want to have anything more to do with you. The debt is paid. Captain's log, supplemental. I have called a meeting of the senior staff to inform them of some very disturbing news I have just received [Briefing room] (Torres and Neelix are the last to arrive. Bahrat is there.)  You wanted to see me, Mister Tuvok? I see. I suppose not. Wix? Ah, yes. He delivered some magnetic bearings. We're more like acquaintances, not friends really. I haven't seen him in years. I wouldn't know. I certainly don't think so. Me? What could I do? I see. I'd like to stay for a glass of toffa ale. Yeah. (Tuvok leaves.) I'd forgotten how easy it is for you to lie. Vulcan's aren't as easily fooled as you might think. What? I thought this was your scheme? I can't believe this is happening. Why did I ever listen to you! No. It's wrong. I won't do it. This has to stop. The people on Voyager are my friends. I can't steal from them. Oh, nothing. Just thought I might give you a hand with whatever it is you're doing. Well, sounds like another set of eyes won't hurt. M34, no not that one. L647. No, it's Y6. Tom, if it's not too bold of me, I wonder if I could ask you something? I've heard you were in some trouble in the past. Spent time in prison. Do you, would you, tell me how you got in trouble? Oh, no reason. Just wondered. Here's your container. Thanks, but I'm going to turn in early. Maybe another time.  Good evening, Ensign. I thought I'd log a little time in the Jefferies tubes, if that's all right. Oh, it's not official, not at all, but Lieutenant Torres has been good enough to allow me to poke around here and there. As time permits, of course. Thank you. Ensign Vorik. You're quite young. Is it difficult for you being so far away from everything that's familiar? Voyager is a wonderful place to be. People here are very fortunate. I have to talk to you. I didn't get the warp plasma. I couldn't do it. I just couldn't. We have to tell the truth. It's the only way to make things right. No. I have a plan. This has gone too far. We have to go to Bahrat. Not if he agrees to my plan. That would be better than living a lie. I'm going whether you do or not.  It was a type two Federation phaser that was used. It's on one of our shuttles. You can get it from our security officer to verify the energy signature. We were both involved in all aspects of the crime. So you see, Commander Chakotay and Lieutenant Paris are innocent. Your cryostatic prison isn't a particularly effective deterrent, is it? Apparently not, since we were able to deliver narcotics to known criminals right under your nose. Since you don't know how they do it, that might prove difficult. But we have a plan. The Kolaati want a sample of warp plasma from Voyager. We have some ideas. If we are able to turn them over to you, will you agree not to charge us with a crime? You'll have to provide us with a sample of warp plasma. I won't take any from Voyager. Doesn't matter. We'll make do.  It's been over twenty minutes. Where are they? Let's hope they do, or we will end up in Bahrat's prison. [Bahrat's office] (One moment Bahrat has them on surveillance, then next he is seeing an empty space.) Who? Good evening, gentlemen. My name is Neelix and I It doesn't matter, because you're under arrest. I said, you're being taken into custody for smuggling contraband and narcotic substances. Very serious offences aboard this station, Mister Tosin. It's time you faced up to that. I wouldn't fire that weapon if I were you. That plasma canister you're holding. I disengaged the safety nodes just as you came in. Even as we speak, warp plasma is leaking from it. This section of the station is filling with plasma particles. Fire your weapon and you'll set off an explosion that would undoubtedly kill us all. And I wouldn't activate your transporter system, if I were you. The beam would also destabilize the plasma. Same effect. Boom. No problem at all, if it means getting rid of an Orillian lung maggot like you. Go ahead. You'd be doing me a favour. I have nothing to lose. Fire away! Shoot. What are you waiting for? Fire!  I'm in sickbay? Thank you, Doctor. Oh, good. And Wix? Only that I'm terribly sorry. No, ma'am. I've never been dishonest to you before, I swear, Captain. I just took one step. A step that seemed perfectly reasonable. And that step lead to another and another, and before I knew what I was involved in something I didn't know how to handle. I needed a map. Captain, my usefulness to you was at an end. I don't know anything about space beyond this point. I couldn't let you go into the Nekrit Expanse without knowing what you faced. I'm prepared to leave the ship, Captain. But, I can't guide you. I can't advise you. I don't know what's coming. Yes. Yes, I do.
Rice, anyone? CREWWOMAN: I'll take one.(Chakotay enters in dress uniform, with Torres on his arm.)NEELIX: (to Kim.) Red alert.  Here's a lovely programme modelled after a mountain resort on the fifth moon of Cytax. Just you, B'Elanna, and the crickets. Cytaxian crickets. Their song is reputed to be an auditory aphrodisiac. There's always the beaches of Ahmedeen. Windsurfing on a sea of liquid argon. Well, it's your honeymoon. Just how down to earth did you mean? If that's what you want. No, of course not. It's just that we're so close to Earth anyway, I thought you might want to try something a little more exotic. You sound like a travel brochure. Even food from the replicator shows signs of decay. That's what we thought at first but take a look at this. These vegetables are completely free of decay. They weren't replicated. I harvested them on an away mission last week. The same goes for these particle accelerators, the trilithium ore samples, the keg of Hazari ale. All of them were brought aboard over the last few months, and none of them is disintegrating. But there is another crew out there, right? The real Voyager. I've only been trained as a field medic. What about my other duties? Let Ensign Kim take command for a little while. And I am the Chief Medical Officer. Don't force me to relieve you of your duties. I may not be morale officer anymore, but I think this is a cause
Icheb. Oh, he wasn't supposed to tell? As they say on Talax, omara s'alas. Good news has no clothes. Now, my good news would be learning that I'll be the godfather. I do have experience with Naomi Wildman, you know. Well, in that case, I've been making up a list of names. Tell me [Engineering]
So you can absorb the caffeine more directly. Save time. How about trying a sounding board? Try me. You make them sound worse than the Borg. We've faced tough odds before. You'll get us through. Goodnight. Are you suggesting we give up?
Ah! Just the Daughter of the Empire I've been looking for. I wanted to be the first to congratulate you on your discovery of the Klingon artefact. Some of the greatest discoveries in Klingon history were accidents. When Sarpek the Fearless unearthed the Knife of Kirom he was searching for his lost targ. Isn't that amazing? I've been doing some research. Well, I'm planning a celebration. This must be the treasure. Oh, nonsense. This artefact isn't just a testament to Klingon spirit. It's a piece of the Alpha Quadrant. A symbol of Voyager's home. And that's just as worthy of celebration and song as finding some old knife. And besides, I've already replicated five barrels of bloodwine. I'm not going to let them go to waste. Festivities begin at nineteen hundred hours. Oh, er, I almost forgot. As guest of honour, you're going to be expected to say a few words on behalf of your people. Gagh, anyone? Sop joq jih yuv gagh drek. (The worms are just about moving.) No offence. Unfortunately. I used a kinesthetic agent to give it a little oomph. This is no laughing matter. If you'll follow me.  Fifteen decks. Computers augmented with bioneural circuitry. Top cruising speed, warp nine point nine seven five. Not that you'll be going anywhere. Don't need them. Are you sure? Have you ever been truly happy here? If you thought fifty years aboard this ship would be difficult, try eternity. [Gre'thor Mess hall] You really have no one to blame but yourself. We're not your enemies.
Let's see what we have here. Ah, two hundred fifty grams glycoproteins consisting of fifty hree percent polypeptides and twenty six percent fibrous glycogen. Urgh, doesn't sound very appetising. However, a plate of my chadre'kab should satisfy most of these essentials while providing a pleasurable culinary experience at the same time. Well, I beg to differ. A good meal involves much more than simply providing the proper nutrients. Well, er, there's a certain satisfaction that comes from eating food that's been carefully prepared. I'm sure once you try it, you'll understand. Now, how would you like your chadre'kab? Boiled? Baked? Stir fried? Is irrelevant. Maybe, maybe not. This is the first time ingesting food for you for quite a while. Er, we'll go a little easy on your Guilty as charged. What? Oh, I suppose so. I hadn't realised that. Well, lucky for you, I guess. (He spoons the heated food onto a plate.)NEELIX: Your nutrients. Follow me. It's customary to sit while eating. (Neelix slides the chair under her as she sits.)NEELIX: Is something wrong? Well, this is a day of firsts, then, isn't it? (He puts a napkin across her lap and sits down opposite.)NEELIX: Now. Take a bite. Try that one. Just kind of er, scoop some up. That's the way. Right into your mouth. Just like a little scout ship flying into a shuttlebay. Take it out, but keep your mouth closed. That's it. Now chew. Chew, chew, chew, chew. And swallow. Swallow. (Gulp) You'll get used to it. Have some more. May I bring you something else? A soothing cup of tea perhaps? (Seven has a vision of a screaming Borg. A Borg implant erupts onto her right hand.)
Understood. (Neelix leaves.) Neelix to Voyager. The rest of the away team is gone, Commander. They've been taken by the Mokra. What do you want me to do? Yes, I have it. It worked then. We're all right. I don't know exactly. I went in the shop, completed the trade, then I heard weapons fire on the street. By the time I got out there the Captain and the others were gone. I spoke to witnesses on the street. They said it was quite a fight. Someone must have told them we were coming. The Mokra have informants everywhere. I don't think I would have made it back here with the tellerium if he had been. Besides, he's involved with the Alsaurian resistance movement. He would never help the Mokra. The Mokra are paranoid and hostile. They have no use for diplomacy. I wouldn't be surprised if they started shooting at us immediately. He's not like any Mokra I've ever met. I can't believe he'll really help us. What does that mean?  The prison is in the north east corner of the city. My sources tell me it's surrounded by metaphasic shields. There's only one problem with that. If the Mokra detect us breaking through their shields, we'll be surrounded by soldiers in seconds.
I don't know, Tom. That might be a little too far. Maybe getting there. It's coming back I'm worried about. We'll be loaded down with ore. If the ground is unstable That's not a bad idea. We'll beam the ore back to the Delta Flyer and we won't have to carry anything. What's wrong, Captain? Gladly. On Talaxia, we have a saying. The dream dreams the dreamer. We like to think that fantasies and daydreams come from someplace else. Another land. They slip into our minds and whisper about things we never imagined. Do you daydream, Doctor? Will do. [Bridge]  Allow me to shake your hand. Congratulations. (The EMH has a medal around his neck.)
Sorry we're late, but I wasn't informed there was a meeting this morning. Oh, there don't seem to be enough chairs. I see. Well, I, I am the senior Talaxian on board. Kes is the senior Ocampa. And I do know more about this region of space than any other member of the crew. I can do some wonderful things with vegetables, Captain. My feragoit goulash is known across twelve star systems. What about that electronic man down in Sickbay? No, nothing I recognise. But then it's, it's so hard to make out. A singularity is a star that's collapsed in on itself. The event horizon is a very powerful energy field surrounding it. Why, er, once on a particularly dangerous trade mission to the twin stars of Keloda, I myself was almost trapped inside Captain, we're less than three light years from Ilidaria. They have sophisticated technology. They might be able to help and they're quite friendly, most of the time.
Ah, Gar spend the night in Sickbay. He claimed to have gotten food poisoning at dinner.  Captain, don't blame Tuvok for what happened. It was my fault. Gar kept complaining how bland his dinner was so I added a few exotic spices. I was trying so hard to create something he liked that I didn't take his alien physiology into account. Everyone's assuming he faked his illness but I might have really made him sick. No. But if he hadn't gone to Sickbay, he may never have come up with a plan to kidnap the Doctor, much less have the opportunity to do it. I just hope there's something I can do to help find the Doctor. Dinnertime! Commander, you know better than anyone that Starfleet has strict guidelines about allowing prisoners to eat. There we are. I'm glad to see you enjoying a meal. When you got sick last time I thought my food was to blame, until I realised it was just a ruse for you to get close to the Doctor. I used Talaxian Wormroot as the base. I'm glad you like it. Some people react badly. (Gar feels unwell.) Oh, dear, I hope you're not getting sick. If it's the wormroot, it's going to get a lot worse. The usual symptoms are abdominal spasms, which increase in severity for thirty hours. Forty at the most. Don't worry Mister Tuvok, it's not fatal. It's horribly unpleasant, but there's an antidote. Unfortunately, our doctor is the only one authorised to administer it. Maybe if you remembered where he was? (Tuvok takes Neelix aside.) Relax. He's just having gas pains. Didn't I hear someone threaten a mind meld? I think he's getting all the encouragement he needs. [Level Red]
I enjoy a challenge. (He produces a dish from behind his back.) Blood pie, for the Day of Honour. Not at all. No, I make it a point to know these things. And if I'm correct, many Klingon families traditionally serve blood pie on the Day of Honour. Understood. Lieutenant, without knowing why there's a black cloud hanging over your head, may I suggest something? You have a bit of a temper that you keep reined in, and sometimes it builds up inside you until you explode at someone. I'm offering to be a pressure valve. You may use me to blow off steam. When you're angry, come see me. Call me names, insult me, question my parentage. I won't take it personally. And you won't need to keep things bottled up inside anymore. I'm here if you need me. I've always thought traditions were good things, worth preserving. It certainly can't hurt to go through with the ceremony. That's unfair. These are the most generous people you could hope to meet. But if we gave supplies to everyone who asked, we wouldn't have anything left. We could provide each ship with several hundred kilograms. Aye, Captain. LUMAS: Thank you. May the gods smile on you and your crew.
 I need analeptic compounds. No, no, I'm feeling quite vigorous. I requested a place on the rescue team as part of my Starfleet training and the Captain said yes, so I thought it might be useful to bring along a few extra medical supplies. No, no, no, I'll be fine. It's just that I'm a little apprehensive. I've been assigned to Lieutenant Tuvok's team and no matter what I do, I can't seem to please him. That's good advice, Doctor. [Shuttlecraft] (A rough ride through murky skies.) Mister Sklar, are you all right? We'll be landing shortly. Try to relax. Thrusters aren't responding. We're losing main power. Now gentlemen, there's no point in arguing. Right now we have to get this shuttle off the ground. If they were, I can try to repair them. I've been studying with Lieutenant Torres. She gave me a full orientation on shuttlecraft systems. Aye, sir. He's really a very pleasant fellow once you get to know him. And intelligent. I'm sure he'll have the comm. system up and running On my way. (Neelix makes his scans, and notices a tall thin structure reaching up to the clouds a short distance away.) Excuse me! Mister Tuvok. Not exactly. What I mean to say is, I know I'm here to observe, and I don't mean to step out of line, but I think I've observed a way of here. I saw what appeared to be an orbital tether anchored nearby. May I assume it uses magnetic leverage to lift the carriage. What if we use that carriage to climb the tether? Well, we wouldn't have to go all the way to the station. We'd just have to leave the ionosphere. Once we get above all this interference, we can contact Voyager. They'll beam us aboard. Maybe we can replace the coils with attitude control thrusters from the shuttle. It would take a little creative mechanics, but I think we can do it. I spent two years on a tether maintenance team on Rinax. The principles are undoubtedly the same. I've helped rebuild a dozen mag-lev carriages. Give me a chance to get that one working. If I can't, we'll come back and wait for the others. You won't regret this, Lieutenant. We need to get to the base of the tether. [Mag-lev carriage]  I think we can integrate our thrusters into the induction matrix, but we'll need to (He sees bags and other supplies on the floor nearby, including the remains of a meal.) Looks like somebody's been here recently. (He is grabbed from behind by a woman, who puts a knife to his throat.) Yes, we know. The induction coils. But we brought equipment to replace them. Maybe we can augment the converters. We've brought along some equipment that might do the trick. If I can fix the tether, no one will need your rations. We have a starship in orbit. They'll beam us aboard once we leave the ionosphere. (Lillias releases Neelix.) If I'm not mistaken, it sounds like you know a thing or two about tethers too. Good. We could use someone with metallurgical knowledge. Let's get to work. Have faith, Mister Vulcan. We'll be tether-borne in no time. [Engineering] (Chakotay is tapping at the rock with a geologist's hammer.) I, I think so. Bypass is holding. Congratulations, Mister Vulcan. We've done it! Then let's get started. I'll go check on the oxygen supply. (He goes up a few steps.) How's it coming, Lillias? Maybe I can help. Let's see. Ah ha! You need to recalibrate the pressure valve, like this. That should about do it. We're going to need a name. For the mag-lev carriage. Whenever we finished building a tether on Rinax, we named the carriage for good luck. Any suggestions? How about Alixia? My favourite sister. She was always taking me out to explore. She showed me the Caves of Touth, the equatorial dust shrouds. Once she even took me hunting for arctic spiders. Whenever I think of her, I think of adventure. And this is an adventure she would appreciate. What do you think? She was killed when I was a young man, in a war on my home world. My entire family was lost. I still see each of them. Every night before I go to sleep, I recall their faces and share something about my day with each of them. Tonight I'm going to have quite a lot to tell them. (Lillias hands him a water bottle.) Thank you. When we get back to Voyager, I'll ask my Captain to help you find her. Excuse me. (Neelix goes back down.) Yes, sir! What do you mean? I'm just trying to cheer everyone up a little. Sorry, sir. I'll finish as fast as I can. [Tether control room] Doctor Vatm! What are you doing? Doctor Vatm! Please stop! The tether's base hasn't been secured. If he launches now he'll destabilise the entire cavern. (And to prove it, rocks begin to fall.) It's too late. The cabin support structure is collapsing. We've got to get out of here. I think so. Hang on. (The carriage rises up the tether, but it is shaking.) Velocity, thirty kilometres per hour. Internal atmospheric pressure, seven hundred millibars. Altitude, eight hundred metres and climbing. All right, we have to stabilise that right away, otherwise we'll go into free-fall. Hold on, hold on, I'm thinking. Velocity. Let's try increasing the velocity. It should stabilise our ascent. See if you can increase power to the tether couplings. (Something goes Bang! near the oxygen regenerators.) Stand by. I'm going to try giving her a little more speed. (The shaking stops.) Velocity, forty seven kilometres per hour and holding. We're all right. Good girl, Alixia. I knew you could do it. I named the carriage after my sister. We'll have to find a way of increasing output to the other converter, otherwise we'll run out of air about half way up. I'd say they were pretty good. We did leave ahead of schedule, and that could cause a few glitches along the way. I wasn't able to get the auto-ascent sequencer back online. That means I'll have to keep controlling the ascent manually. And there is the problem of maintaining atmospheric pressure. I'm already beginning to detect a few fissures in the hull. Containment grid. Containment grid. Er, I'm not quite sure. I did! I did! Sort of. They weren't exactly what you might call working carriages. They were more like prototypes. All right, they were models. One tenth scale. But they were extremely detailed. Yes, but they were basically identical to real mag-lev carriages. Same principles, same mechanical components. I was planning to familiarise myself with all the systems on this carriage. I just didn't plan on leaving ahead of schedule. But don't worry, I've got everything under control. How is everybody? And you? Then if we can't fix this air supply, you may be the only one left to pilot this thing. I'd better start showing you how to use the ascent thrusters. They must be kept at a minimum temperature. Can you revive him? Lydroxide? That's the coolant used in the tether couplings. I think we should stop the carriage. Something Doctor Vatm said about getting up on the roof. Exactly. He was desperate enough to risk his own life. I think we should go up and find out what he was talking about. I don't know. I've got a funny feeling about this. You're not listening to what I'm saying. Delirious or not, he said he needed whatever's up there. What if it's something that can help us? You're going to listen to me! (Neelix stops the carriage.) I'll tell you who's being emotional. You! You hide it beneath that Vulcan calm but truth is, you're filled with contempt and sarcasm, and I'm tired of being the target of all your hostility. That's right! That's exactly what I'm talking about! You have no feelings for me, but you have feelings against me. For three years you've ridiculed me and made it obvious to everyone that you have no respect for me. And I've tolerated it. You know why? You know why? Because you are smarter than I am, Tuvok, and more logical, stronger, superior in almost every way. And I admire you. But you don't have any instincts, have any gut feelings, and you don't really understand people. But non-Vulcans have feelings and they have to listen to them, and I've got to listen to mine, And right now they're telling me we need to get up on that roof and find out what the Doctor was talking about. Fine! But I'm the only one who can pilot this vessel, and we're not going anywhere until someone goes up on that roof. All right, then. One of us needs to go outside. I'm willing to give it a You? It's strange, but I really like him. I just wish the feeling were mutual. [Mag-lev carriage roof] (Tuvok closes the hatch behind him and starts his search. He opens a small panel and finds a device hidden inside.)  Go ahead.  Be careful up there. If you can't remove it, don't. Sklar! What are you doing? (Sklar is at the roof hatch. Neelix climbs the ladder and Sklar kicks him off. He falls badly.) I'm glad you're all right. What? Don't mention it. I don't think I can do it. I can barely keep my eyes open. I'm glad to see your interpersonal skills are improving. You're learning how to motivate people. (Neelix totters to the controls and gets the carriage moving again.) Speed, forty five kilometres per hour. [Bridge]  Hang on! We're breaking through the ionosphere. Engaging induction dampers. We did it. We made it! (Neelix and Lillias embrace. Hanjuan hugs Tuvok.) Mister Sklar returned to the surface. [Mess hall] (Neelix sits with Lillias.) I've just come from a staff briefing. The people who attacked your colonies, they call themselves the Etanian Order. Apparently they have a unique way of invading other worlds. First they create what appears to be a natural disaster, in your case an asteroid bombardment. Once the population has evacuated, they arrive and stake their claim. Exactly. From what we could tell, Doctor Vatm found out about the Etanian Order and was secretly collecting information about their starship technology. He also knew that one of your colonists was a traitor, helping the Etanians, feeding your government false information about the asteroids. But he didn't know that it was Sklar. He didn't know who to trust. Tell her I said hello. (Lillias kisses Neelix and leaves.) I'm honoured. And one day, Mister Vulcan, I'll get you to trust your gut. We'll see. You always have to get in that last word, don't you. Something tells me you just hate to lose an argument. See what I mean?
Point, server. Nineteen eighteen. Neelix to the Doctor. I've got a medical emergency in the Mess hall. Ensign Mannus is violently ill.  Doctor, shall I whip you up a photonic snack? I hope you're not referring to this pot roast. I did? Ensign Mannus is right over there. He came in an hour ago and he looks perfectly normal. (Then Mannus collapses.) Good thing you were here. Doctor? EMH: This is all starting to make sense. In Sickbay, it's fifteen hundred hours forty three minutes, but in the mess hall, it's fifteen thirty six. Seven minutes earlier. Point, server. Nineteen eighteen. (Braxton runs in.)
Your people have a saying. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. In other words, your credit's no good here. That's what you said when I let you replicate all those pork rinds for your monster movie marathon. Hyperbole won't help. And you forgot all about it? All right, you've made your case. Where do you want it? Coming right up. Sitting in the big chair again? Commander, I think you should take a look at this. It's a power node I used to enhance the replicator system. I acquired it last week on a trading mission. It has transkinetic energy regulators and bioneural control circuitry. Remind you of anything? I didn't make the connection at first, but when I overheard a few of the engineers talking about the weapon I went back and I checked the schematics on this. It's the same technology. A merchant named Onquanii. No, but he seemed eager to trade. Maybe he'd tell us if we made it worth his while. It could be him. Onquanii travels in a cloaked vessel. And you, sir. Actually, we're in its possession. We're being held hostage. Do you know anything about this weapon? We could offer you a few dilithium crystals in compensation. What if we threw in a plasma manifold? Sorry, Captain. I thought it would help. (Whumph!) That's where I come in. Chief Cosmetics officer, at your service. I know my way around a dermal regenerator. I should be able to simulate a convincing wound.  I'm putting the finishing touches on Seven's plasma burn and it looks pretty authentic, if I do say so myself. (sotto) She's trying to defuse the weapon. (Seven taps some buttons on the top of the bomb, then injects her tubules. The bomb sends an energy surge back back up her arm.)NEELIX: Seven! She's going into neural shock. Help me. (Neelix and Torres get Seven back on the biobed. The Bomb/EMH solidifies again and goes to the bomb.)
 I think our guest will enjoy this, Commander. Fried soy meal, buttered carrots, and a delightful almond pudding.  Evening, Commander. Craving a late night snack? I know humans think warm milk will do it. Frankly, I find it repulsive. Herbal is best. I have several Terran varieties, as well as some more exotic blends. Problems? Forgive me. I wasn't trying to pry. How's our guest adapting to life on Voyager? She must be happy to be here. Forgive me, Commander, but sometimes it's best to be straightforward. It's obvious how she feels about you, to me at least. I see how she looks at you. Might that be the source of your consternation? Why is that? You don't trust her. May I suggest that maybe it's yourself you don't trust, your own feelings that you're afraid of. Sweet dreams. [Chakotay's quarters] Strange to see you using those ancient writing implements. I'm sorry things didn't work out for you. Commander, I don't think you can analyse love. It's the greatest mystery of all. No one knows why it happens or doesn't. Love is a chance combination of elements. Any one thing might be enough to keep it from igniting. A mood, a glance, a remark. And if we could define love, predict it, it would probably lose its power. I'll let you finish.
 Looking for a midnight snack? So I heard. A fascinating theory. It's got my mind spinning. About a year. Kes was on a nearby planet and, er, we were getting very close. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. In my opinion, any being powerful enough to grab ships from the other side of the galaxy should be avoided. I had no reason to doubt it, though it did seem a bit excessive. I mean, all those ships. Well, after he sampled the crew's DNA he sent them back where they came from, I suppose. You know, Kes always thought something more was going on, but she had quite an imagination. Only the Kazon. Seven, what are you getting at? What was it doing there? Kes was right. Something was going on. Maybe I can help. The sensor records on my ship weren't damaged. I can give them to you. (Seven has another download session with Neelix's files.) [Bridge]
Dessert? Some cheese I prepared for our Kadi guest. Tell me what you think. Just a little? Oh, that's bad. The Kadi don't approve of spices. Anything that might inflame the senses. The Kadi are easily offended. The Captain's leaving their representative entirely in my hands while she's at the colony. I hope so. Is there a problem? B'Elanna. I've already equipped his quarters with an ablutionary fountain built to their specifications. Noted. (sotto) The ritual greeting. This way, Ambassador. [Corridor]  Voyager's an Intrepid class starship with a crew of one hundred and forty six, designed for long-term exploration. I thought we'd start with a tour of our primary systems. First stop, Engineering. It's a Bajoran dish. Very spicy. I believe that your dietary protocols prohibit flavourful foods. In that case, first stop, mess hall. [Sickbay] The recipe includes a catalytic agent designed to do just that. If we don't hurry, we'll miss Lieutenant Torres. She's been waiting half an hour. It's time for third prayer. Ambassador! What are you doing? I checked today's menu, and they're not on it. Coffee, black. You can explore it later. Right now, we've got to get you to your reception. (The coffee arrives.) Coffee. And there's plenty more where we're going. That's just the synthehol talking. That's right. Up. There we go. [Astrometrics lab] Are you sure you wouldn't prefer some more coffee? Commander, I tried. I had an itinerary, I even set up a prayer dais in his quarters, but I just couldn't control him. The Captain is due back in the morning with the Kadi minister. What do I do? Mister Tomin, please, why don't, why don't we sit down. I could use a little help here. Seven of Nine. Take a number.  I thought synthehol wasn't supposed to have this effect on people. Can you counteract the effects? Days? The Captain will be back in the morning. If his superiors find him like this he'll be banished from the colony, and our trade agreement will go right out the airlock. The Kadi have rules against medical procedures that haven't been sanctified. Nanoprobes. [Medical lab]EMH: I owe you an apology. They're due back any minute. No. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. [Transporter room] You've got a hangover. You spoke eloquently, charmed the entire crew. Your reception was a success. Understand? Well, that's my job, and it isn't over yet. (Janeway, Tuvok and the Abbot are beamed aboard.)NEELIX: Welcome back. All systems functioning normally. Ensign Kim detected a minor fluctuation in sensor array, but he took care of it. Oh, well, well, I would say that he, er, he enjoyed himself immensely. We followed the itinerary that you approved, to the last detail.
Before breakfast? Oh five hundred. Don't tell me you've been here all night. Anything on your mind? Well, you should ask B'Elanna to take a look at it. What's all this? Your own recipe? Let me make you one of my Talaxian omelettes. It may not have as many enzymes, but it'll taste better. Seven! Neelix to Sickbay, medical emergency! [Sickbay] Delivery for Seven of Nine. Tarcanian wildflowers. Cheery, don't you think? Ah. If you prefer gladiolas, I could go back to the Airponics bay. Actually, I thought I'd stay and keep you company. Not even a visitor with a Kadis-kot board? But it's your favourite game. I am? You're right. I don't know what I was thinking. We'll play later when you're feeling up to it. I beg your pardon? Doctor, do you think she's up to it?  Red, grid thirteen three. I'm sure they'll let you know as soon as they do. Your move. Nothing that can't wait. Really? Because it looks to me like you're about to lose. I should have seen that coming. Ah well, that makes what, sixteen to three, your lead? Oh, my mistake. (Janeway and the EMH enter.)NEELIX: Oh, er, I should really see how things are going in the mess hall. But I'll be back later for a rematch.
Already? Oh. I was dreaming we found the dilithium and were back aboard Voyager. Didn't we already scan this nebula? I'm getting some fluctuating energy readings. No, it's weapons fire. (A vessel is coming in fast, firing past them. The impacts light up another vessel directly ahead.) We're receiving a distress call. We can't just leave them. You heard their captain. It's a medical ship. The deflector bandwidth is at point four microns. SEVEN: Now.(Kim fies the pulse at the Annari ship and then veers off.) I'm reading a total of twenty seven lifeforms aboard the ship. Sir, I looked at their flight plan. It takes them pretty close to Voyager.  I'm glad you're not planning to leave on an empty stomach, Captain. I have plomeek soup and eggplant parmesan. Wrong answer. If you're going to be a captain you have to act like a captain. Never admit you're uncertain about anything. You can't be indecisive in front of your crew. When Captain Janeway comes in here, she knows exactly what she wants. Whatever you say, Ensign.  Welcome home. So, what'll it be tonight? I have a light tula cheese soufflé or a zesty lasagne. I thought we talked about this. A captain has to be deci
Lieutenant, thank God you're here. Well, one minute they were eating lunch, and the next they started perspiring and complaining of chest pain. What's that? Oh, I'm terribly sorry. I don't know how this could have happened. We'll have you feeling better in no time. [Medical lab]  They're going to be all right, aren't they? Rodeo Red's Red Hot Rootin' Tootin' Chili. I've been brushing up on classic American cuisine. When we get back to Earth, I want to make sure I have marketable job skills. The Doctor is going to make it back, and he's going to bring a plan for Starfleet to rescue us. I have complete confidence in him. Oh, believe me, this is never going to happen again. It's just a matter of perfecting the recipe. Next time I'll use a few less jalapenos. [Prometheus Sickbay]
Several hours ago. Is there a problem?
If these people are who I think they are, I can tell you this is very bad news. I've never actually encountered them but from what I've heard I'm glad I didn't. Most ships that enter their space are never heard from again. Some have returned with everyone on board dead. They're a complete mystery. No one knows their name, how many of them there are, what the culture is like. Just that they really don't want people violating their territory.
Your telepathic senses again. Is this like last week, when you went into Sickbay and you knew Lieutenant Hargrove had been there, only he'd left hours before? Mmm hmm? Who was it? And that's not all. Ensign Parsons ordered his pejuta cold. He always drinks it hot. Hot! With lemon. But not today. Today it's cold pejuta, hold the lemon. Nevertheless, don't you think you should scan him or dissect him or something, just to make sure? It sounds to me like you're defending Ensign Parsons. Are you suggesting that I, that I could possibly? Doctor, I can assure you, not even an alien intruder could make me do anything to hurt Kes. I'll be back as soon as you wake, dearest. And don't worry, you're in good hands. Thank you, Doctor. (Neelix leaves and Tuvok enters.) Neelix to Bridge. Captain, I can't be sure but [Sickbay]  I think I was just taken over by the alien. [Bridge] NEELIX
I hear the arboretum is beautiful, too. You  have to admire his optimism. [Transporter Room] TRANSPORTER Never impulsive.
Is there anything I can do, Reg? You can count on me. Maybe I can replicate some more, Captain.
Hello, there. That, Mister Vulcan, is the Selected Works of Jirex. Oh, Jirex is essential. He's the greatest writer in the Talaxian canon. I never go to sleep without reading at least one of his parables. I suppose I can try. I get terrible neck pains without them. Fine. I don't mind roughing it. No, no, that's where I draw the line. My mother knitted these herself. I've slept with them since I was a child. Those Starfleet blankets give me a rash. For some anti-itch cream. I might as well sleep in Sickbay. Thank you, Mister Vulcan. You've just given me an idea. (Neelix leaves Tuvok holding his gear.) [Astrometrics lab] Be reasonable, Doctor. But it's only for a couple of days. Just until we get power back in the crew quarters. The mess hall is full. Where are we supposed to sleep? But you have four empty beds. You don't have any patients. Ah ha! Absolutely. And we promise to be the most perfect houseguests. We'd like to sleep now, if you don't mind. But you seem busy. What about the lights? Could we turn them off? Well, no, but I'll never be able to fall asleep. I've got a very, very busy day tomorrow and my next shift is just four hours away. Well, if we can't sleep, I guess we'll just have to find some other way to pass the time. How about a sing-along? I could teach you all some Talaxian rondos and I know a Vulcan funeral dirge, not to mention the classics of Klingon opera. (Neelix makes a strangled noise.) Computer, lights off. [Planet surface] What's going on? It's the middle of the night. Patients. Is somebody sick? Examine who? Is there anything I can do to help? Right, move! You heard the Doctor. This is an emergency evacuation. Move! Move! Move! Doctor. Thanks for your hospitality. And if you ever need a place to stay, my door's always open. [Transporter room]
I'm filing a grievance with the Delta Quadrant Boxing Commission. This bout came out of nowhere. There's some scheduling mix-up. You haven't had the time to train, you're not ready. If you fight now, you'll be destroyed! Chakotay's fine. He just needs a little conditioning, that's all. What are you talking about? What's wrong? Who said you were? [Vision Quest - Forest] You'll be destroyed!
 In my hat I hold one hundred and forty six sequentially numbered isolinear chips, one for every member of the crew. Each chip entitles the bearer to three minutes of uninterrupted comm. time with his loved ones back in the Alpha Quadrant. Good luck. (Hands dive into his colourful chef's hat.) That's the lowest one yet. You'll be talking to your family the day after tomorrow. Captain, I'm not sure what you mean. I had no idea holograms could do that. Er, of course I do. I don't think these subroutines are trivial, Captain. They help make me a better doctor and a better person.  Doctor, I need your help. Er, I was wondering if you could take a quick look at this. (He gives the EMH a PADD.) It's a holo-cookbook proposal. I was hoping to transmit it to your publisher during my comm. link this afternoon. With your approval, of course. I don't know what anyone else may have told you, but I loved your holo-novel. Absolutely. It was a rousing adventure, with an important message too. You're going to reach a wide audience. What do you care about the opinions of a few disgruntled shipmates? There's an old Talaxian expression. When the road before you splits in two, take the third path. You could make some adjustments to the programme so it won't be so obvious it's based on Voyager. You wouldn't have to change your theme. Maybe you should give him a call. (Neelix hands over his isolinear chip.) [Astrometrics lab] BROHT
I, I think you both make valid points. Yes, it seems quite fascinating to see
You sent for me, Captain. Be prepared to be intercepted by Numiri patrols. They always try to intimidate travellers to the Banean planet. I understand. To be honest, whenever I saw the Numiri coming, I always left before the intimidation began. (laughs) However, I know from knowledgeable sources that they have directed energy weapons comparable to your own. Our own, that is. Plus regenerative shields that may even give them a certain advantage over us in a firefight. The Numiri and the Banea are quite different from one another, even though they once coexisted on the same planet. That's why I recommended the Banea to you in the first place. The Numiri have a remarkably covert society. A standard patrol vessel. Curious. I would've expected them to send out more than one tiny patrol to meet a ship like this. Very, very curious. In Numiri terms, that greeting was downright friendly. That is a standard tactic for the Numiri when they intend to board your vessel. Well, at least now you know I was telling the truth about them, Captain. Although I take no pleasure in being right, mind you. The Numiri have never needed an excuse to attack anyone. Captain. More Numiri will be coming, I promise you. A, a what? What, what did he say? A mind what? [Sickbay]
Neelix to bridge. Is anyone there? Emergency! Help. I need help! I'm in the mess hall. There's a (Weapons fire.) I hope that crushed your skull, Kazon pus hog. What's it like to stare death in the face, Kazon? (The Kazon shoots his rifle at Neelix.) Missed me! (The EMH makes his way behind the Kazon.) I suggest you surrender now, Kazon. The Captain's on her way! (Neelix continues his barrage.) Want some more, you needle-snake? (The EMH jumps the Kaxon from behind. Neelix runs out of the kitchen and smacks the Kazon across the head with a pan, making a dent in it.) My best sauté pan. Good work, Doctor. Ahhh! What's wrong? Is it serious? Am I going to die? Nondoran tomato paste. Oh, that'll leave a nasty stain. What are you doing here, Doctor? Kes and I were on our way to the escape pod when this Kazon fungus came crawling out of an access hatch. I kept him occupied long enough for Kes to get away but he didn't give up so easily. So I took off running, he chased me and I led him here. No one gets the best of me in my kitchen! I'm fine now. The question is, are you? You're bleeding. Don't panic, Doctor. It looks superficial. Maybe you should check your programme. No problem, Captain. [Sickbay] (The EMH dabs at his wound and winces.)
What's happening to their shields? We're here to help you. Neelix to Sickbay. We found another survivor. His wounds are not serious but he's suffering from psychological distress.
And you, your hospitality, your generosity, your patience, many thanks. My colleague's behaviour, our apologies. Captain, please. Good health, strong body, clear mind. They are a little impatient. You had no way of knowing you were making one of the worst insults possible. It seemed like more than just a language to me, Captain. A lot of their gestures, from what I could tell, were ritualistic. You might even say superstitious. Ambassador Neelix. I like the sound of that. We're approaching the rendezvous coordinates. That's over a light year away from here. The ship looks perfectly fine. There's no sign of any external damage. Any sign of the crew? Where's it coming from? It's almost as if they dropped what they were doing and ran. This isn't the welcome home I was expecting. This is Ensign Wildman's quarters. Is she in there? Ensign Wildman is one of my most dedicated viewers. According to the time index she activated this programme approximately eleven hours ago. The programme is set for automatic playback until it's turned off. (he turns it off.) The baby's missing too.  There! (A shadow vanishes down a side corridor.) Whatever it is, it just ran into a dead end. (Crash, rattle.) [Transporter room] What is it? Somehow I don't think he's the diplomatic type. It's getting awfully hot in here. No problem, I'm used to it. I grew up near the Rinax marshlands. Our summers were the hottest in the sector. Fifty degrees Celsius, ninety percent humidity, and the most vicious lavaflies you've ever seen. Except that we had three suns and the lavaflies grew to be six centimetres long. Insect repellant was a booming business. (Something thumps the turbocar and it stops. There is lots of buzzing outside.) Ah, Captain, it sounds like our guest has bought a few friends. That was no lavafly. Yes. Disgusting, but I'm all right. What is it? Where are they coming from? Maybe the crew is hiding from the aliens and they set up a defence perimeter. It's so hot. My head is spinning. Lung. Aye, aye, Captain. (Neelix has a dizzy spell.) Captain, go on without me. I can't. I'm so dizzy. Help! Captain!
Captain, what's wrong? Don't tell me a simple heating coil in the stove is responsible for everything that's gone wrong this morning. I obtained it during a trade. Sister Dala. One of the clerics on Selnia Prime. Tom and I met her during our away mission. She was the one trying to help all those poor orphans. It's all in our report. Captain. We're making real progress. Ah. Sister Dala. What do you want to know? Well, Tom and I met her during our away mission. We were on a small planetoid in the Wyanti system [Cavern] NEELIX I'm detecting traces of glamour in this direction. (They are stopped by a woman in a long robe, holding a candle.) We're terribly sorry if we've disturbed you. I hope we haven't committed a serious transgression. Of course. Our sincere apologies. If there's anything that we can do? I don't think that we've ever met before. I'm flattered. That's a very worthy cause. Maybe we could replicate some food for you. How about a trade? That way you wouldn't be accepting charity, and the deities would have nothing to get angry about. It was going to take a while to replicate the supplies they needed, so we invited them back to the Flyer. Captain? I don't think so. Er, after we ate, Tom took Brother Mobar to see the cockpit, but I stayed in the aft section with Sister Dala, talking. Me, mostly. She wanted to know all about my role on Voyager. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] I do what I can. About three light years from here. We are the only Federation Starship within thirty thousand light years. Sometimes it is, but we manage. We've single-handedly taken on the Borg, the Hirogen, Species 8472. Captain Janeway deserves most of the credit. She's an extraordinary woman. The finest one I've ever known. Well, she's commanded Voyager for almost six years now. Before that, she was a science officer on the Al-Batani. Earth. It's in the Alpha Quadrant. She grew up on a little farm in a place called Indiana. You'd like her. So soon? We're just glad that we could help.  Then we transported them back to their sanctuary. No more than a minute or two. For what? [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] Brother Mobar. The talisman.  You look like you could use a cup of coffee. Any sign of the impostors? I know exactly what you mean. I've been over it a thousand times. Orphans. It's the oldest gambit in the book. We've dealt with our share of shady characters. Hand me one of those terra nuts. Proving you wrong. I think I see one coming. Now watch carefully. I place the terra nut under the cup. Then I shuffle them. Round and round they go. Keep your eye on the nut, but be careful, the hand is faster than the eye. Now, for three hours of holodeck time, can you tell me where is the terra nut? Oh. I really thought I had you this time.(Neelix lifts the cup to reveal the nut.) And if I win, you take three shifts in the kitchen. Ready? Now, watch carefully. Round and round they go. Follow the terra nut if you can, but be careful, the hand is faster than the eye. Where is it, then? I'll just leave it here in case you change your mind. May I ask you something? I'm not that gullible. Do you ever feel guilty? Taking advantage of people who actually think that you care about them? Actually, I think you're just sorry you got caught. There. Now you're being honest. I knew it was possible. If you don't mind my asking, why do you do what you do? You know, I used to be a lot like you. Living by my wits. Never trusting anyone. Always trying to end up on the more profitable side of a transaction. I changed. When Captain Janeway made me part of the crew. No, no. Not right away. (He sits next to Dala.) NEELIX: At first I was just exploiting an opportunity to get a warm bed, food, protection. I kept waiting to find out what the captain wanted in return. On the contrary. She expected a great deal from me. Honesty, loyalty, hard work. But I discovered that those were commodities I had in abundance. And it was much more profitable to share them than it was to be self-serving and cynical all the time. I'm happier than I've ever been. Stranger things have happened. If that's what she promised you. Captain Janeway let Seven of Nine remain on board, and she was Borg. I'd be willing to talk to her. Like my great grandmother used to say, it's nice to be nice. Security to the brig! (Dala shoots Neelix and runs. Despite the Red alert, she gets to the real Delta Flyer and takes off.) [Bridge]  Round and round they go. Follow the terra nut if you can, but remember, the hand is sharper than your visual acuity. You tell me. Sorry. Ooh. We've still got it. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 Maybe I've miscounted but, I don't think you've slept in ten days? Don't you think you should go to bed? But there's a point of diminishing returns, when your mind starts to play tricks on you. The ship is lonely without them, isn't it? If there's anything else you need. A stronger tea, perhaps. [Open Air Theatre]
Tom. Been doing a little shopping? What is it? Of course. Say no more. I'm on my way for a little romantic rendezvous myself. (Paris sniffs the air, then Neelix.) Talchok musk. Very enticing scent, don't you think? I'm going to see Talli again. Well, actually I haven't gotten that far yet. I'm going to visit her shop under the pretext of buying some produce for the ship, and then I thought I'd just sort of segue smoothly into some dinner and dancing. Do you really think so? I mean, you used to be quite the lady's man. I mean, of course, you're involved now, so you won't be availing yourself of all the beautiful, fascinating and very open-minded Mari women. I just, I haven't been with anyone since Kes, and I'm feeling a little rusty. I could use some advice. Right. Be myself. What's the first? This is some of the loveliest fruit I've seen in a long time. Oh, how wonderfully tart. They'll make excellent preserves. Excuse me? Well, as a matter of fact Yes, I think I can rearrange my schedule. [Walkway](Overlooking the market place. Tuvok is walking with a woman in a blue uniform.)NIMIRA: I guess you could say I'm becoming obsolete. Ah, no, ah, you go ahead. We haven't finished examining the produce. (There is a big clatter and commotion.) It's all right. It's okay. It's all right. (Neelix comforts Talli.) Directly across the square. Not at first. We just heard yelling, then as we got closer we saw what was happening. What was I thinking? I was thinking how I can make a delicious pie with those water plums. Yes, of course. What else would I be thinking about? (Images of Tilla tugging his whispers. Must be similar to oo-mox for Ferengi, I suppose.) What are you talking about? B'Elanna's not used to being around telepaths. That doesn't make her guilty. What's that supposed to mean? What you call ignorance, we call exploration. And sometimes it means taking a few risks. But it's certainly better than assimilating everything in your path. Perfect. (An older woman goes to the fruit stall.) She's dead.  [Corridor]  I can't believe she'd dead. Seven and I were packing to return to the ship. We heard a scream. I went running. The old lady was just standing over Talli's body holding the bloody knife in her hand. I didn't even get a chance to say goodbye. Not that I remember. She was as shocked and confused as anyone else. Do you think this is somehow connected with the other attack? Commander. She was a wonderful young woman. Whoever's responsible for her death, find them and see that they're brought to justice.
Staying in shape? Well, I hope all that exercise gave you an appetite. Sorry, Tom. Basic nutrition only. Captain's orders. I got you the PADD you asked for. She said, and I quote, tell Mister Paris this is punishment, not shore leave. Well, see you next meal. Sorry. No non-essential conversation with the prisoner. We're always interested in learning about other cultures. Yours sounds particularly fascinating. [Bridge] I'm curious, Consul. Have your people always lived here?  Do you still live aboard your ships?
Coffee? Let me guess. The Doctor's photographic essay? You mean like the one where Tom slipped into a mud pit? Then, of course, there's the one depicting a certain Chief Engineer with her foot stuck in a plasma injector. The Doctor must have taken it out of the exhibition.
Familiar? Not exactly familiar. Considerably less than familiar, actually. Kes, what are you doing here? Know? Know what? What do you mean, you saw it? How could you see it? What did you see? You felt the shockwave in your sleep. It's just your imagination, a strange coincidence. What else could it be? Telepathy is a message, words, a voice. What you're describing, why, its almost like the visions of Drakian forest dwellers. A tribe with para-normal abilities. They can walk into an empty room No one believes those stories. What? Is something wrong? We came aboard at mid-expedition. Just us. She's not on board. She's missing on the surface of a planet. But you haven't told us anything about her condition. Ah, Commander. Will you be going back to the planet surface? That's what I told her. Familiar. Not exactly familiar. Considerably less than familiar, actually. (Kes enters.) Kes, what are you doing here? Know? Know what? You had a bad dream. Of course. A most enlightened philosophy. Come on, Kes.
Name your malt. Oh? Sorry. It took longer than I expected to download these records. This is only the first batch. Your parents sure had a lot to say. I organised the information by category. Field notes, personal logs, biokinetic analyses. I don't mean to pry, but is it true your parents were studying the Borg? Fascinating. They must have been very courageous. A faded holo-image. That's all I've got left of my family. A picture of my sister. Except, of course, what I keep in here. (his heart) What I wouldn't give for a treasure trove like this. Well, I'd better get started on the rest of those files. (Neelix leaves. Seven takes the first PADD.) Captain, we've cleared out most of the debris, but before we vaporise it I'd like to melt down the larger fragments and extract the polytrinic compounds. That leaves just one item, Seven of Nine's alcove. It requires a lot of power, over thirty megawatts. Should I deactivate it?
If you ask me, they should have just locked the turbolift and thrown away. I have some herbs in storage you might be able to use. No, I was keeping them around just in case. As for the antigens, I'll have to start replicating them in batches. Which do you want first? I guess I weigh the alternatives and try to decide which is best. (The EMH picks up two fruit. One red, one yellow.) I never thought about it, really. I guess every situation is a little different. Doctor. Neelix to Security. Send a team to the Mess hall, please. Something's wrong with him.
 Special delivery. Two Borg datanodes. Now, B'Elanna. It will become what we help it to become. Neelix here. On my way. [Science lab] That's me. The Starship Voyager. We all are. Well, no. Right on all counts. Systems analysis appears to be your forte. You should think about a future in Starship Operations. Very good. Why do you say that? Well, you're new around here. An unfamiliar face takes some getting used to. I remember when I first came aboard Voyager. I provoked a few strange reactions myself. I still do from time to time. I mean, just look at me. Whiskers and spots. Well, no. Sometimes Borg can be a little intimidating. Don't take it personally. You do? Well, of course you do. Oh, what's to tell? You've seen one cybernetically enhanced species, you've seen them all. You'll have plenty of time to learn all about them but first, you have to give yourself a chance to adapt to life here on Voyager. Now Mister, gosh, I'm sorry. In all the excitement, I forgot your name. Every individual needs a name. We can't just run around calling you the drone. That's not very interesting, is it? I disagree. You should choose a name for yourself. Something that defines who you are. After all, there's only one of you. Oh, here we are. Sickbay. [Sickbay] I have to get back to the Mess hall. There's nothing to worry about. The Doctor is going to do a few scans. You'll be finished before you know it.
