How much are you asking? Three strips? That's a fair price for Plegg. Humanoid death rituals are an interest of mine. Everybody needs a hobby. Some species burn their dead, others pack them in blocks of ice. Some even surround themselves with the company of family corpses. But the Ferengi ritual of chopping up their loved ones and selling them? I find that irresistible. What a fitting and distinguished way to honour the memory of great Ferengi entrepreneurs. I'm thinking of starting a collection, putting up a display case in my office. There'll be a special space in there reserved for you, Quark. Have you ever known me not to be? (Quark fetches a disc of Plegg and reaches for the latinum) There is one thing I was curious about. How do I know it's Plegg? Isn't there some sort of letter of authenticity? I want Plegg. Not if he's still alive. Still alive. After I tracked him down on Khosla Two and told him about your little scheme, he was quite amused. I'm not. Not Plegg. Good question. You'll get one, I promise you. Doctor Mora. Why didn't you let me know that you were coming? The trip from Bajor takes five hours. Doctor Mora is the Bajoran scientist who was assigned to me after I was found. He's not my Quark! Excuse us. You don't know Quark. Please. I integrate as much as I want to. As much as I want to means, as much as I want to. [Replimat] Quark is a thief, a con man, nobody you want to know. I enjoy my work as Chief of Security. What? Never. That part of it is true. Commander, I'd like to request the use of a runabout. A Doctor Mora Pol from the Bajoran Institute of Science has asked me to help him secure one from the Federation. Doctor Mora is the scientist who was assigned to me in my first years here. If he went to the Board of Ministers to request permission to approach you, it would take months, and he's very anxious to investigate something in the Gamma Quadrant. And may I say, Commander, so am I. No, but there isn't much to tell. One of the Bajoran science probes recently scanned a planet about six light years from the wormhole. It picked up some very unique and familiar DNA patterns. Patterns very much like my own, Commander. Doctor Mora thinks he may have discovered the origin of my people. Of me. [Runabout Rio Grande] (WHOOSH, and into the Gamma quadrant. The runabout is being piloted by a younger Bajoran man.) He didn't. I had to teach him that myself. It was a dilemma for me. I had never seen anything like these creatures either. I was just trying to describe it in simple terms. I knew I had to find some way to communicate with them. So I transformed myself into No. I don't think so. This way. (Gas spews from a fissure and the humanoids start to collapse) Computer, energise! [Infirmary] I'm fine. (re Mora) Will he be all right? Feel? About what? I appreciate your thoughts, Commander, but Doctor Mora is not my father. [Science lab] Why? Doctor Bashir thinks she'll be fine. (Odo stares at the stele) I'm hoping it's a key, Mister O'Brien. A key to my past. [Sisko's bedroom] Major, you could help me by reviewing the security camera records and the heat sensor readouts for the Lab and the surrounding areas. (Kira leaves) The lifeform sample is gone. We're not sure how or why yet. Everything is under control. Anyone except me, and I'll be running the investigation. Besides we're not even sure it is a shape-shifting lifeform. It was changing faster than the computer could analyse. Not unless you consider wanton destruction of the lab an indication of intelligence. I'm sure Doctor Bashir is doing everything possible. [Conduit] But an energy drain should be showing up on our scans. [Conduit] Security to core section, level four, corridor two H. Did you notice anything else when you entered the room, Doctor? Anything out of place, anything unusual. Was it unusually warm, perhaps? Another thermal distortion. Did you try the lights, Doctor? Commander, I suggest we check the RF energy flow to the Infirmary. We might find a power interruption as we did in the lab. Until we can, I suggest we close down the Promenade. It's a nickname that I barely tolerate. Display? I was just doing my job. I never thought of it that way. Perhaps they do. That applies to criminal investigation as well. Anything? I have to close down the Promenade. Call me when you have something. Wasn't that pillar over here before? Doctor Weld has regained consciousness. It looks like he'll be fine. You don't seem relieved. Yes. What are you getting at, Doctor? I was in my pail during both attacks. How could this be? Of course not. Yes, I'm certain. There would have been incidents. There are always unsolved crimes. It doesn't! I do not commit criminal acts. It is not in my nature. The gas. Maybe it was the gas on the planet. It affected all of you, it must have done something to me. That has to be it. Doctor Bashir Do? I don't believe that. You don't know them. What makes you think I trust you? I am not going back to the centre with you. No! (Odo slams his hands onto his console. Electricity courses through them and they start to morph. We hear a large roaring creature as Mora backs out of the office) [Ops] Thank you, Doctor. (Bashir leaves) Doctor Mora, I want to be sure you understand, I had no idea. I'm sorry. I'd like that. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
They're an extremist faction who believe in Bajor for the Bajorans. You're not? You're not just leaving, Major. You're surrendering. Wait a minute. I want to be sure I heard that correctly. Because it doesn't sound like the Kira Nerys who has made a career out of breaking the rules. Major, you've been breaking one too many for fourteen and a half years. Cardassian rules, Bajoran rules, Federation rules, they're all meaningless to you because you have a personal code that's always mattered more. And I'm sorry to say you're in slim company. Have you asked Sisko for help? You haven't even gone to him? Fight for what you want. It's what you do best. Idiotic bureaucracy. Now I suppose they'll expect me to break in a new man. You did fairly well at it once I smoothed your rough edges. What's so funny? How can you be chatting about skin lotion at a time like this? (doorbell) Doctor, if you were Kira, wouldn't you at least be complaining to Commander Sisko? Never mind, Doctor. If she doesn't care, why should we? She's done well here. She ought to stay here. And I'd say she needs a little support from her friends, Doctor. I have a good deal more to say, thank you, Doctor. That's not what she asked. It's not a party. What's that? It's also very small. How bad is it on Bajor, Vedek? Which would suggest they have powerful friends to warn them, and protect them. Troops? I always do. (transmission ends) No, I haven't made any progress in finding the ones who assaulted you. The investigation isn't closed, it's just a matter of What are you talking about? You mean because of this Circle business? They're just a bunch of hooligans who use violence to get attention. How do you know that? Where would the Circle be getting so many weapons? The Kressari? That doesn't make sense. The Kressari don't even have a military. They're botanic DNA traders, Computer, when's the next Kressari vessel due here? Do you know where these weapons are being sent to on Bajor? Find out. Quark. I hate to do this, but I guess I'll have to. I haven't done anything yet. You're a deputy. You're a deputy. I want you to find out where the weapons are going on Bajor. Meanwhile, I'm going to find out exactly where they're coming from. That's right. (Quark breaks into hysterical laughter.) Either that or I'm putting you in a cell. Impeding an investigation. Unless you want to reveal the identities of the people you've been talking to. It's your choice. You're a deputy, or you're a prisoner. Courtesy of a Cardassian weapon. The Circle's being supplied by the Cardassians. I borrowed the proof. (the manifest PADD) It's got a Gul's thumbscan on it. They don't know it is the Cardassians. They think they've been buying from Kressari traders.
Nothing. Oh, I seriously doubt that. Not as long as there's a Miradorn raider for you to do business with. The raider. You didn't make your usual welcome call inviting them in for a free drink? He looks away whenever we make eye contact. The new arrival. The one the Klingons brought back from the Gamma Quadrant. Really. How is it you've come to know him so well? He didn't seem to want to talk much to Sisko when he arrived. They scared him, huh? I wonder what he has to be scared about. (two big Miradorns enter and go up to the holosuites) Well, now. I believe a pair of twinned Miradorn just nodded your way. Security and medical to holosuite one. Take them all to Security. All of them. Get out. Go on. (Bashir checks Ro-Kel and shakes his head.) [Security office] You should have considered the risks before trying to sell stolen property. Two people were killed on the transport this object was taken from. His name? His ship's identification? You have only yourself Yes. Curious, but it's true. You know what else is curious? It's curious that Croden had a Ferengi phaser. And it's curious that he knew the Miradorn were trying to sell you something of value. What an interesting theory, Rom. The fact that you just killed a man doesn't affect your appetite? A what? You've heard of other shape-shifters in the Gamma Quadrant? It's a lie. He heard me talking in the bar to Quark. I couldn't get that lucky. That Croden is an interesting character. Really? I thought you said you got to know him rather well. I've talked to several people who saw the two of you engaged in heavy conversations. Why, Morn here says you even bought the fellow a meal. So what were you talking to him about? There's no profit in kindness. That's because your favorite charity is your own pocket. Speaking of odious motives, I hear you've been making inquiries about finding a small ship to go through the wormhole. I think it does. I think you were trying to secure passage back to the Gamma Quadrant for Croden in exchange for staging this tragic little robbery of yours. What did Croden tell you about himself? What's inconsequential to you may be important to me. Did he say anything about his home world? Other species in the Gamma Quadrant? Go ahead. Leave it. I'll handle them. [Promenade] (Outside the security office) You were told to stay on your ship. You're not going to kill anyone. Get back to your ship and stay there. If I find you here again, I'll lock you up too. [Detention cell] (Croden has been fed) You've made a lot of friends in your short stay here. We have nothing in common. I doubt the changelings on your world would trust you. You just said. You implied there were. What happened to them? And if you had the chance, you'd take me there. Tell me where it is. I'll have a look. The next time you lie, I'll save Ah-Kel the trouble of killing you. Whatever you call it, the truth isn't in you. You mean it's alive? Me. Unfortunately, the only one who can tell me is less reliable than Quark. [Detention cell] Where'd you get it? Nothing. I feel nothing for you but contempt. You're a thief, and a killer, and who knows what else. Of changeling behaviour. Yes, I'm sure. Others must know where it is. Yes, Commander? He's not to stand trial here? We're going to have trouble getting him past the Miradorn. I'm ready now. I'll move the prisoner to the runabout right away. Understood. [Runabout Ganges] (Croden is handcuffed) I'm taking you home. [Ops] I'm as much a part of the place as anyone else. I think I finally figured out what crime you were found guilty of on your world. You talked too much. Explanation for what? You expect me to believe this appalling tale? No. If you don't stop talking, I could sedate you for the rest of the trip. Of course I am. Unfortunately, I don't have the liberty of pursuing that curiosity right now. You don't give up, do you. (Boom, shake) Computer, what was that? We're being attacked? Put it on the monitor and identify. He's hailing us. I don't give up my prisoners, Ah-Kel. Computer, evasive manoeuvres! I'm a security chief, not a combat pilot. You? Why are we slowing down? You really have been through here before. How do you remember what's true and what isn't? (BOOM) I thought you said they couldn't detect us in here. What are you doing? Croden! Slow down, Croden. Stay where I can see you. Croden! What's your hurry? What's in here? Anxious to see them again, are you? Whatever it is you came here for, you can forget it. We're leaving. Now! How much of it was true? Any of it? Any of it? The stone. A key to what? What is it? Their sensors must have picked up our life signs. We've got to get back to the runabout. (A rock falls from the roof onto Odo, knocking him out) You could have left me behind. Let me have the controls. Find us one of those toh-maire fields. Find the closest toh-maire field. Changing course. He's chased us everywhere else, maybe he'll follow us in there too. That's what I'm counting on. Set a course along the interior perimeter. Computer, shut down all engines. Maintain emergency readiness to re-engage impulse on my command. On screen. I have a full array of Starfleet weapons trained on you, Ah-Kel. Frankly, I don't know much about them but I understand they equip this little vessel with some pretty powerful stuff. So I suggest you withdraw while you still can Computer, engage. Is everybody back there in one piece? Good. Take us out of your precious vortex. If you're asking me what I think you're asking. On screen. Chief of Security Odo from DS Nine. We're fine, Captain. I appreciate your concern. What's your course? I've beamed over two survivors from a ship that wasn't so lucky. I have to complete a mission. Could you give them transportation to Vulcan? Don't thank me. I already regret it. I'll tell them you were killed when Ah-Kel torpedoed the asteroid. This dissembling must be catching. You're going to have to get used to living in an alien society. Yes, I suppose I am. Go on, we don't want to keep the Vulcans waiting. Energising. (He beams them out) Computer, set a course for the wormhole. Ready engines. Home. Where is it? Someday we'll know, cousin. Engage.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Above all, stay alert. If the subspace transmission I received is correct and Villus Thed is en route to the station, I want to be notified the moment he arrives. Keep him under constant surveillance, but remember, he's a short-range telepath, so stay at least five metres away from him at all times. That's all. Commander, what can I do for you? Go on. Name? First name or last? Species? What ship did she arrive on? Well, what can you tell me about her? Well, that's something, anyway. I don't know. What kind of trouble? Let me guess. You don't know. Well, it's not much to go on, but I'll do what I can. Commander, may I have a word with you? I thought you should know I've checked this week's docking and transporter logs, and there is no record of anyone matching the description you gave me. Did you? And where was she, if you don't mind my asking? The Prometheus? Are you sure? That's impossible. I checked the de-embarkation logs as part of my search. With the exception of Professor Seyetik, no one has left the Prometheus during the entire time it's been at the station. [Promenade - upper level]
She is fearful. Reject the false Prophets.
No. But you have something I do want. Don't tell me. Tell the Federation Grand Jury on Inferna Prime. Oh, I think you know. Well then, you'll have eight days to try to guess. We leave immediately. I've been waiting ten years for you to get what you deserve. Now that the big moment is finally here, I wouldn't miss it for anything. Let's go. Oh, I'd say one hundred and ninety one hours and seventeen minutes, give or take a day. I don't play cards. Let me put it another way. I don't want to play cards. And even if I did, I wouldn't want to play with you. I'm still not playing cards with you. Nothing that would interest you. Quark, give me that. All right, enough. This is work, not recreation. Books like this give me insight into the criminal mind. It is a well known fact that a high percentage of homicides are motivated by romantic obsession. Give it up, Quark. You can annoy me, bait me, question my very existence, but in the end, we both know I've won. Because when all is said and done, I'll be heading back to Deep Space Nine and you'll be spending the rest of your life in a Federation penal colony. I'm afraid I can't do that. This is a high security investigation. I'm not allowed to discuss the specifics with anyone. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have some reading to do. [Captain's office] Doing what? No I'm not. The only thing I've heard for the last four days is you complaining. To what? I don't hear a thing. If you don't like the noises in here, why don't you go into the back? Quark, leave the temperature controls alone. What? With all this lip-smacking, how could I hear anything? Inside your head. Bzzzzzzzzz. It's probably a defective anodyne circuit. If this is some kind of convoluted plot to escape. It's gotten louder too. I can hear it now. What could it be? It's a bomb. Let's hope there is a next time. I'm going to get a transporter lock on this thing and beam it out of here. What do you suggest? We wait for it to explode? I hope this works. (The transporter beam starts and BOOM! Quark and Odo are sent flying and red alert sounds. Monitors are all static.) Don't be so sure about that. Comm. system's down, navigational array's failing, environmental controls are badly damaged. We're losing atmosphere. Now we find someplace to land. It's either that or wait for our lungs to explode in the vacuum of space. I'm picking up a class-L planet on long range scanners. More habitable than this thing's going to be in a few minutes. Close enough. I hope. (The planet looks okay, blue oceans and white clouds.) If we live through this, whoever planted that bomb is going to regret it. The Orion Syndicate? Is that who the Grand Jury's investigating? If I knew you were involved with the Orion Syndicate, you'd be on the Defiant right now, surrounded by half my deputies. (They dive into the atmosphere.) Something like that. You're the one who's a member of the Orion Syndicate. Actually, it's freezing out there. If that's how you remember it, you must've hit your head harder than I thought you did. Good plan, except we lost the comm. system in the explosion. It gets worse. The replicator's been destroyed. From what I can tell the local plants are poisonous. That's right. One package for you. One package for me. The rest Now we either freeze to death or starve to death. Take your pick. [Jake + Nog's quarters] (Nog is bench-pressing dumbbells when Jake staggers out of his bedroom.) Quark? What are you doing back there? You need any help? I thought you were supposed to be repairing the subspace transmitter. What's it doing out here? I see. So you tore it out of the wall in frustration. How much higher do we have to go? Where'd you find that? Great. Then I won't need this. I'll just get a suit for myself and we can be on our way. You mean there's only one survival suit left and you're going to wear it? Here we go. How can it be so cold when the sun is shining? Well, you agreed to take turns. Oh, I hate this. You know, f I were still a changeling, I could've shapeshifted into a Vorian pterodactyl and flown that damn transmitter to the top of the mountain hours ago. I never wanted to be a solid. If that's the kind of psychological insight you dispense with your drinks, it's a wonder you have any customers. Quark? Quark! If you've damaged that transmitter Here, let me help you up. All right, all right, you've made your point. I'll carry the transmitter for a while. But I get the trousers. [Corridor] It's just another stone. There are no beetles, Quark. There're no slugs, either. No slugs, no beetles, no worms, no snails. Nothing but rocks and trees and we can't eat any of it. You are not going to collapse. We're almost to the tree line. After that, we've only got a few more hours of climbing left before we can set up the transmitter. More like six. Come on. (But they've reach a ridge and see there's at least one more ridge and valley between them and their goal.) Forget about six hours. It's more like six days. [Valley] (Heading down) Quark. Quark! Fine. Then count to yourself. I don't want to hear it any more. By the time the Grand Jury gets through with you, you'll be counting years instead of steps. Let you go? I don't think so. Ten thousand seven hundred and eighty five. Now let me get this straight. You were never a member of the Orion Syndicate? But you must have tried to join? Now, if I remember correctly, the Orion Syndicate has a membership fee. Quite a substantial one. And the Ferengi Commerce Authority did seize all your assets. Oh it's even worse than that, isn't it? You never could afford to join, could you? All those years of scheming and lying and cheating and you're still too small-time for the Orions. Well, I guess you're not as successful a businessman as you think you are. Quark, wake up. We've got a mountain to climb. Quark! Quark? Quark! Quark. Wake up. Wake up. Wake, wake, Quark. I thought you were dead. What's wrong? I said what's the matter. Would you stop doing that? We're not dying. Here, here. You can have the rest of my rations. Fine. I'll go by myself. What do you want me to do? Stay here and trade insults until we both starve to death? I'd rather take my chances on the mountain. Yours. I think we both know who's really to blame. You never told me the Orion Syndicate was after you. If I had, would you have told me the truth? Or would you have lied like you lie about everything? Have I ever told you how much I hate your endless whining, your pathetic greed and your idiotic little schemes? What do you hate? Well that's fine with me, because I hate you too. You're nothing but a petty thief. (Odo puts down the transmitter.) Lecher. Fraud. Failure. (They start to wrestle each other, shouting Fascist and Failure until they fall down the slope.) Quark? Are you all right? I'm not. My leg is broken. (Yes, it really shouldn't be bent like that. Quark manages to splint it with branches and also make a travois.) Stop looking at the leg. You'll pass out again. I should be the one struggling to stay conscious. I'm the one who's in excruciating pain. Quark, there's no way you're going to be able to drag me up that mountain. Stop trying to be a hero. You'll get to the top faster if you leave me behind. You're joking. Not really. Quark? What do you mean, it's over? We're not high enough. You have to leave me here and go on by yourself. What is there to say? If we stay here, we're dead. If Sisko were here, do you think he'd give up? Or Worf? Or Dax? That's right. It's just us. Give me the transmitter. Just give it to me. What does it look like? Maybe not. I'll do my best. (Quark picks up the transmitter and staggers off.) Good luck. [Jake's quarters] Quark? Quark! (Odo activates his comm. badge) Begin recording. Chief of Security's log, final entry. It looks like Quark didn't make it. I can't say I'm surprised. You'll find his body farther up the slope. No doubt he'd want you to vacuum-desiccate his remains and auction them off. Not that they're worth much. As for myself, cremate me, stick my ashes in my bucket, and shoot me through the wormhole. I might as well end up where I began. Or better yet (Odo gets beamed away) [Transporter bay] I'm alive. Quark? You mean he made it? I was afraid you'd say that. [Medical bay] I am now. We did. Astounded. Vividly. So did I. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
The raid on the Tevak shipyard was successful. I penetrated the Operations Centre, disabled the security protocols. The rest of the team sabotaged the dilithium storage bunkers. An hour after we left, the entire facility was vaporised. That sounds good to me. All right. Thank you. [Bunkroom cavern] (Odo is a flaking wreck, lying on a bunk, when Garak comes in.) It's just like you to come sneaking in here without warning. Why have I deteriorated so rapidly? I've been assuming dozens of different forms over the past few weeks. Changing shape seems to accelerate the progress of the disease. And do what? Lie here waiting to die? I came to work and work is what I'm going to do. That's right. And I prefer that it stays that way. See that you don't. She has enough on her mind without worrying about me. And I don't want her Is there a reason you came in here? I may have a few names for you. I'll have to give it some thought. If I don't want pity from the woman I love, why would I want it from you? [Infirmary] (More liquid is going into a rack of test tubes when O'Brien enters.) You're staring again. Well don't. It may be a long time before the first symptoms manifest themselves, and by then I'm sure Doctor Bashir will have found the cure. We're approaching the rendezvous point. (Rusot, Kira and Garak enter.) The shuttle is here. It wasn't necessary to kill them all. How long until they finish installing the weapon? I've got it. Yes. Don't worry, I'm (He collapses and becomes very dry.) I'm sorry. You're probably angry. I hid my true condition. Nerys. Nerys, don't. Just stay here with me. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
No. I've noticed they've been spending quite a bit of time together. Not everyone. But really, Doctor, two Delvin fluff pastries for breakfast this morning? You of all people should know better than to start your day like that. [Wardroom] (General small talk going on.) And what does that mean, exactly? A Guardian? Agreed. Because you're the only one who hasn't agreed to participate. Are you sure about this, Commander? There's just one problem. You're going to be in there with him. [Holding cell] (The guardian and Dax creep out of the cell while Sisko has his head lowered.) If you need me, I'll be right outside. May I join you, Lieutenant? I'd just like to apologise for my behaviour while I was joined with Curzon. Oh? And I never understood how much joy you humanoids experience in things like eating, drinking, staying up all night playing tongo. Frankly, I don't see how Curzon ever managed to get any work done. Well, he must have been a remarkable man.
Interesting ring. Really? Not really, but I'm glad you had a pleasant evening. And you're being a little overly sensitive. Is there anything I can do? A hug? Excuse me. (Odo leaves.)
Going somewhere? A little trouble with the FCA? Your mother? What's she done? Assuming she cooperates. This is your mother you're talking about? Are you sure this is absolutely necessary? Can't you just replicate another one? Well, getting it back might not be as simple as you think. This is one of Rom's special security locks. I've never seen anything so convoluted. Ah. Well, it seems Quark has locked some of Chief O'Brien and Doctor Bashir's personal property inside the bar.
Colonel. Doing what? Well, has Admiral Ross, or should I say Bill, arrived yet? Maybe he's bringing good news. We could certainly use it. Something ominous? I see. How can you be so sure? Well, I'll take your word for it. Three days. A lot of people feel abandoned by the Prophets. In times of trouble, some people find comfort in hate and fear. If you'd like, I can charge them with loitering and have them removed from the station. I would have thought we would have heard from Captain Sisko by now. Nerys. I realise that things may seem bleak at the moment, but there's always hope. Must have been that day in front of Quark's, when we kissed for the first time. Changed my life. [Bridge] (Defiant docks with DS9.) Do you have a moment? This morning, a Starfleet transport filled with wounded was denied permission to dock at the Romulan hospital complex on Derna. I thought the same thing myself, until I noticed that most of the wounded were Vulcans. Vulcans and Romulans share a common physiology. True. But how do you explain these sensor readings? Which indicates the presence of Romulan plasma torpedoes.
Actually, we were looking forward to spending an evening alone. Beautiful? Odo. Thank you.
What happened? Do we still have their patterns? This is more complicated than just an ordinary transporter pattern. We're going to have to preserve all the neural signatures of everyone on that runabout. Do you know how much memory it would take to save just one person's neural signature, much less five? The pattern buffer's beginning to lose coherence. The patterns will start to degrade any second now. The buffer is depolarising. Tricorder. The buffer's lost coherence. The patterns are gone. Did the computer save them in time? We've got our hands full right now, Doctor. Stand by. That sounded like Kira. Don't leave the holosuite. If you do, it might disrupt the holo-imaging array and right now we can't take any chances. You'll have to stay in there and keep the programme running for now. [Holosuite - Bashir's apartment] Why here? So if their physical bodies are stored here, where are their brain patterns? He may be right. So what do we do about it? How do we get them back? [Holosuite - Paris nightclub] (The joint is jumping with go-go dancers in cages.) A Cardassian separatist group calling themselves The True Way has claimed responsibility for sabotaging the runabout. They're opposed to the peace treaty, they blame the Federation for Cardassia's economic and political troubles, et cetera, et cetera. Until now, they've never committed any terrorist action to support their beliefs. What have you found? Beginning data transfer. [Holosuite - Sitting room] Data transfer complete. I am re-establishing computer control over the station. (Lights up.) [Holosuite - Sitting room] (On Doctor Noah's map, the landmasses are shrinking.)
Easy. None of us koruts is going to hurt you. Commander. That's right. His name is Kurn. It turns out he's Worf's brother. I doubt Captain Sisko would agree. You'd better hope he lives, Commander. If not, you'll be charged with murder. [Captain's office] (The bloody dagger is on the desk.) Your brother's had an interesting career with the Klingon Defence Forces, Mister Worf. I just have one question. Does he know how to use the stun setting on a disruptor? They are among my deputies. And if your brother is going to be a member of my detachment, he's going to have to make some adjustments in his thinking. You're certain of that? I can appreciate how difficult it must be for you to be asking for a favour, especially from me. Very well. Have Kurn report here tomorrow morning. Yes, you are. And Mister Worf? You'll find I'm a man who collects on his debts. [Airlock] (A group of deputies are supervising the unloading of cargo) I'd say your brother's doing well, Commander. He's been on the job six hours and he's only killed four Boslics so far. Kira's right. You do need a sense of humour. He's quite good, actually. A little stern, but he never steps over the line. I'm finding him to be a pleasant surprise. I'm sure you are. Well, thanks for the report, Commander. I'll give it my immediate attention. Kurn found a container of contraband in the lower hold of the Boslic ship. When he confronted their Captain, the man pulled out a disruptor pistol, and then Kurn let himself get shot. Kurn is a trained Klingon warrior. He could have disarmed the Boslic without breaking a sweat, but he just stood there, let the man pull out his weapon, aim, and fire. The only thing that saved him was the man was so frightened, his hand was shaking. Good. A man with a death wish is a danger not only to himself, but to the rest of his team. Kurn's days as a security officer are over. (Odo leaves)
Ever since we've come into the Gamma Quadrant, I've had this feeling of being drawn somewhere, to a specific place. The Omarion Nebula. (Three Jem'Hadar against one Defiant, they get boarded and beaten.) The last time I saw the Defiant, she was dead in space and surrounded by Jem'Hadar ships. I don't know. You really are just like me, aren't you? And you're saying this is where I'm from? I wish I could remember it. Newly formed? You mean I was an infant? I suspected as much. Tell me, do I have any family at all? I'd like to meet them, if that's possible. Is that all of us, or are there others? I'm aware of that, Major. Yes, of course. It's just this is all very sudden. Yes. Please, what exactly is this Great Link? I've lived a very solitary life. Yes, Major. I'm not sure. But I know one thing. She's right, I am home. [Shuttlepod] How long do they plan on making us wait here? I finally return home and they still treat me like an outsider. You? KIRA I'm the one they don't trust, not you. Yes, of course. In what way? Why would I do that? Understand it? How? Then teach me what I need to know. I'd like to be alone if you don't mind. Good luck. Any luck, Major? I haven't a clue. I have spent the last two hours shape-shifting. Rocks, flowers, trees. I have been everything in that garden. And nothing. Oh, I can become a rock, all right, but I have no more of an idea what it is to be a rock than I did before. I'm not sure either, and that's unfortunate. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to return to my bucket. [Commander's office] Why do you dislike humanoids so much? I know they have their flaws, but I've found many of them to be kind, decent people. Yes, like Major Kira. Changelings? I've been called a Changeling on occasion. Go on, please. Why? Tell me, why was I sent away? But how could you be sure that we'd find our way back here? When were you expecting me? How long was I away? It's different than I imagined it would be. Major, I have just had the most remarkable experience. For a few moments I actually felt what it was like to be an Arbazon Vulture. The air currents beneath my wings, the exhilaration of soaring above the treetops. Oh, it was all very stimulating. I know you are. I've enjoyed working with you, Major. Certainly. The one preventing you from trying to contact Commander Sisko. And what did it turn out to be? What kind of door? That's odd. My people have no need for doors. They dislike taking humanoid form. Then who could be using it? [Replimat] Interesting. Judging from this locking mechanism the purpose of this door is not to keep people out, but rather to keep whatever's on the other side in. We'll see. (Odo morphs his hand to fit the lock) [Corridor] (Sisko is leading Bashir and Garak when two Jem'Hadar come around a corner.) Step back, Major. (The door opens to reveal waiting Jem'Hadar soldiers who escort them down a tunnel into [Interrogation room] (The Defiant crew are hooked up to machines) What have you done to them? I'm glad to hear it. I don't understand. You knew about this? But how could you allow it? You're the Founders. But why control anyone? How do you justify the deaths of so many people? But these Solids have never harmed you. They travel the galaxy in order to expand their knowledge, just as you once did. No, I suppose they're not. And neither am I. I've devoted my life to the pursuit of justice, but justice means nothing to you, does it? No. I admit this Link of yours is appealing. But you see, I already have a link with these people. I want you to remove those devices and bring them their comm. badges. And I can't allow you to keep them here. They're leaving, and so am I. Unless you intend to stop me. Whatever you do to them you're going to have to do to me. Thank you. Commander, I'll be along shortly. Commander, you must leave now. I give you my word I'll explain everything later. I don't think that's possible. Being an outsider isn't so bad. It gives one a unique perspective. It's a pity you've forgotten that. Imposing your type of order on the Alpha Quadrant may prove more difficult than you imagine. Ready, Major. (Kira takes his hand and presses his comm. badge)
Enjoying the view? No need to explain, Mister Sisko. You just thought what? Why would I do that? I never chased you away. I chased Nog. You just happened to be with him. So, unless you're planning on flicking sand peas at the passing throng, you're welcome to stay here as long as you like. You miss him, don't you? Meaning what? I imagine that's why you don't have any friends.
Doctor, is this really necessary? Yes? I wasn't expecting anything. I don't know. About a year. It's not that simple. Who asked for your opinion? No. Is that the best you can do? So would I. Please do. Wait. I need a favour from you. It's about Doctor Bashir's new holosuite programme. [Quark's] Look, Mister Fontaine, I Vic. These stories are all very interesting, but I didn't come here to reminisce about your past. Yesterday, when my friends and I were here, you seemed to know things. You seem to know specific things. For instance, Dax and Worf are married, the Chief missed his wife. At one point, you were going to make an observation about Major Kira and myself. Exactly what secrets are you talking about? No. Go on. I wouldn't call that a secret. You make it sound so easy. She's aware of my feelings toward her, but the truth is she prefers Shakaar. The First Minister of Bajor. He's a leader, a hero, a man with great charisma. Me? I don't understand. You think I have no emotions. Believe me, I do. I just don't always show them. Where to? What does fun have to do with Major Kira? You mean something like this? (Odo morphs his uniform into a tuxedo and bow tie. Very smart.) Oh, I don't sing. What crowd? No, I don't play the piano. You don't need me. The piano's doing all the work. Style. (So we are treated to the whole song, and Odo settles into the role of jazz pianist. At the end he gets a great round of applause.) No, it's nothing. Cool! [Vic's hotel suite] (Odo is still caught up with his new talent while Vic pours them both a drink.) No, I don't drink. Very bright. The lights kept me from seeing the audience. I suppose that's why I wasn't nervous. I suppose I was. I'm just grateful none of my friends saw me. That's all it takes? Are you expecting someone? No, actually I. Vic taught me everything I know. Shecky who? Who? I don't think Oh, I'm sure she is. It's just she's not Kira. I have no idea. No. Captain, here's the report on that smuggling ring you requested. Should I forward the information to the Zevian authorities? (singing) No, no, they can't take that away from me. The way your smile just beams. (Sisko is clicking his fingers to the beat.) Yes, Captain? Stop what? I was singing? You're right. I was singing. They can't take that away from me. You still haven't told me what I'm supposed to do about Kira and Shakaar. What difference does that make? No. You have a beautiful voice. So I've been told. (Lola guides them to her bare shoulders.) So do you. I've been waiting to hold you like this for as long as I can remember. I must have a short memory. Kind of like Victor Borge? I can't. I can't do this. I'm sorry, it has nothing to do with you. Vic! Vic! This isn't working. Of course we are. You programmed her to find me irresistible. I could read her a criminal activities report, she'd think it was poetry. She's nothing like Kira. Look, I appreciate what you've done for me, but I'm afraid it's all been in vain. I may be Romeo in the holosuite, but I know the first time I see the real Kira, I'm going to turn back into Nanook of the North. I was hoping for a bit more than that. I'm sorry, but I am tired of discussing my feelings with a hologram. (Odo leaves.) Major. Interesting? No, no, nothing at all. As a matter of fact, it's been rather dull. Well, I'd better get back to work. [Holosuite caves] (Kira is meditating, surrounded by a multitude of big candles.) Vic? What are you doing on the comm. line? Why? Really? How did you manage to accomplish that? I know. You look lovely. A bit. Bon appétit. It's French, an Earth language. It means enjoy your meal. I don't. It's something I learned from Vic. French is ze language of love. He's certainly a man of many talents. But we're really not here to talk about Vic, are we? I always wondered what this would be like. It's certainly not the way I pictured it would be. Is something wrong? You haven't touched your food. You? Nervous? Right. Well, there's nothing wrong with being a little nervous as long it doesn't get in the way. Of enjoying yourself. How'd you know that? Well done, Vic. Never mind. I do enjoy my work, but I'm afraid I've used it as an excuse to avoid the rest of my life. It is, isn't it? You're sure you're not hungry? Only one thing we can do. Dance with me. Just stay close. (Kira keeps looking down at her feet.) No, that's good. (They settle into it, and Odo throws her into a turn. Giggles.) It's amazing what you can learn in a holosuite. I don't think that's possible. No, no, I meant it would be difficult for you to leave the holosuite. It's complicated. Aren't you? Maybe you'd better tell her. You tricked me. Nerys. Kira. Major. (Odo flees.) I have nothing to say to you. You lied to me. You should have told me it was really Kira. She digs Shakaar. I can only imagine what she thinks of me. I kept insisting she was a hologram. No, I'm done listening to you. Computer, end transmission. [Promenade] Check this out. Major, if you don't mind, I'd like to forget all about the last night. Very well. We can meet in my office in an hour. Dinner? What about Shakaar? Do you think he'll approve? And if we do, then what? And after that I suppose you'll expect me to kiss you. Then who needs dinner? Why don't I get it over with and kiss you right now? Well, I've been busy. Well, for the moment. Who knows how long it'll last. I wanted to thank you for all your help. Some other time. Whatever makes you happy. (Vic starts singing 'Come Fly With Me.') <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I've removed two similar cascade viruses hidden on the station's main computer. By transmitting a signal, Eddington could have disabled our entire defence system. It's a good question. I can't guarantee we've found all of them. Eddington was DS9's chief of Starfleet security for eighteen months. He had the opportunity to infiltrate and compromise every system on the station. I intend to. Sir, have you ever reminded Starfleet command that they stationed Eddington here because they didn't trust me? Please do. (Odo leaves.) (hologram) Captain. Possibly. I've analysed the Maquis message. It appears to be a simple Breen nursery rhyme. A heterophonic, five line verse. Quite a catchy one, too. (Odo plays the song.) Metrical analysis shows an alternating tetrameter and pentameter structure, but the computer could find no meaningful pattern in the words. They appear to be just what they are, nonsensical phrases strung together because they rhyme. At least, to the Breen. It's written on a Lyxian scale. I ran it through the computer too. No meaningful pattern. I wouldn't say that. You see, I remembered something that Eddington once said to me. The best place to hide something is in plain sight. And since this is a Breen nursery rhyme Or a Breen settlement like the one on Portas Five, which isn't far from the DMZ. The biogenic components of the weapons Eddington's been using are very bulky and very unstable. They need to be kept in a large, sophisticated cold storage unit. Captain. (Transmission ends.) Captain. Commander. Welcome home. I gather your trip was productive? (Eddington is escorted out of the Defiant.) This way. (Odo takes Eddington away)
Not all solids. Humans, Bajorans. For what? And what have you learned? I didn't say that. Not often. Yes. I'd rather not discuss Major Kira. Then why do you insist that we talk about it? Is it? It hasn't always been easy. Well, I'd better be going. There's a meeting of the station's Ruling Council. Dukat and Weyoun are expecting me. Three days? Three days. How could I have lost track of that much time? Yes, it does. It's odd. I've stood here countless times, and yet somehow it all looks different. It's not their fault. They're trapped. A single perspective. I feel sorry for them. They cherish their freedom. Break them? What exactly do you plan to do? Major! [Corridor] Kira. Kira, wait, please. I understand that you're angry. Yes, somewhat. I've been occupied. This is so difficult to explain. Nerys. I'm sorry. Yes.
And item number seventeen, Trelos Vren was arrested on the Promenade outside of the Klingon restaurant. He's being held on four counts of petty theft. We arrested him once for attempting to break into the assay office. Without much success. Still, I suppose you should admire him for his persistence. That was a joke. That all may be true, but that is not what I was going to say. I was going to say good luck. You had a friend aboard the Ravinok, correct? Which means it doesn't matter if I think there are any survivors, or even if you think there are any survivors. You are going to go looking for that ship, and all I can say is good luck. And I hope you find them. [Kira's quarters] (Kira is packing when the doorbell rings.)
I see. Just because I don't need food, Commander, doesn't mean I'm not interested in its preparation. I'm fascinated by the humanoid preoccupation with eating. May I? (Sisko gives Odo the bowl and whisk while he turns whatever is sizzling in the pan.) Do you find something amusing, Major?
It's not as bad as it sounds, Major. We're talking about a few incidents of petty theft. I've already assigned two deputies. If you think it's necessary. Of course. Is there something else on your mind? Meaning I talked with Doctor Bashir. He told me that you seemed irritable. I see he's not exaggerating. Would you care to tell me what's bothering you? Sounds serious. Well, if you won't talk about it, perhaps you should consider doing something about it. [Captain's office]
Mister Sisko, Nog, I thought I told you no dangling over the Promenade. And what, may I ask, is so interesting? In that case, you can see nothing just as well from up here. Now, on your feet. Thank you. (Odo moves on and they sit again) Mister Sisko. I believe that belongs to me. [Promenade] (Nog runs straight into - ) All right, let's go. You two are going to clean the Security office until it shines.
Major, here's a preliminary list of the stolen equipment. Bashir, Dax and Sisko arrive on scene.) So far, eighteen confirmed dead, thirty one missing and over a hundred wounded. Frankly, I'm surprised that something like this hasn't happened sooner. Being at the edge of the wormhole makes Deep Space Nine a tempting target. It could be a trap. Why would your own people attack you? How do we know these Jem'Hadar can be trusted? They must realise that controlling the Gateway would mean freedom for their people. If the Jem'Hadar find out that we've deceived them. Are you accusing me of something? I'm no god, and neither are the Founders. The sooner you realise that, the better off you'll be. We're running out of time, Commander. Look for a slight rippling effect. Personally, I envy them. I mean their ability to go without sleep. I'm sure I could be more productive if I didn't have to regenerate every day. Why does he keep staring at us? I am not a Founder. A moment. I've noticed. So if I order you to leave me alone, you will? Well maybe they do, but I don't love them. How? No. But I am ready to end this conversation. If that's the case, we'd better come up with a new plan. (Six renegade Jem'Hadar shimmer in and attack with blade weapons. Worf stabs one with his mek'leth before he can kill Sisko. Soon after, the fight is over and Sisko is checking for pulses.) We lost Ramirez, too. Let's go, Dax. It looks like we got out just in time.
You wanted to see me, Garak? A shoplifter? Is something wrong? I'm familiar with it. How nice of you to notice. I don't eat. The next time you call me, it'd better be to report a crime. You humanoids. You're all obsessed with these convoluted mating rituals. I have no desire to become a slave to humanoid obsessions. Well, she is, isn't she? (Odo has a dizzy spell.) I don't know. (Odo fits and goes semi-goo before collapsing completely.) Doctor, this is a waste of time. You don't know enough about changeling physiology to diagnose what's wrong with me. No one does. Do you know what's causing it? Well, do you know how to prevent it from happening again? Then tell me when you do. Are you saying that I have to stay here until you discover a cure? That's an interesting theory, Doctor. One I suggest that you keep to yourself. If you're looking for Doctor Bashir, he's not in right now. To be honest, Major, I really don't feel like company right now. Ah. Today's criminal activities report. That was very thoughtful of you, Major. Yeah, I'll do that. (Kira leaves. Odo spots something in the report and sits up) What? [Cargo bay] Too bad, because you're not leaving. You heard wrong. Now you and I need to talk about those missing Falangian diamonds. Well tell me again. (She makes for the airlock) Oh no you don't. (But he collapses into a puddle instead.) See for yourself. (He's only partially solid) Very observant, Doctor. It's been more and more difficult for me to maintain humanoid form. How much longer before I totally lose my ability to stay solid. Seven years of playing lab rat for him was quite enough. Besides, you have complete access to his data. If the answer was there, you'd have found it by now. Doctor, I think we both know where I have to go. There doesn't seem to be much choice. You have to take me back to my people. The only ones who can help me now are the Founders. [Captain's office] Not now, Quark. I'm busy. Care to come along? QUARK Are you kidding? I expect to own this station by the time you get back. With you gone, profits from smuggling alone should go up sixty percent. Well, don't get used to it. I'll be back before you know it, making your life miserable. Count on it. That won't be necessary. (The crowd stand aside in respect as he makes his slow way to the airlock.) [Bridge] You were a gardener on Romulus? As I recall, Proconsul Merrok was poisoned. I'll let you know when I need rest, Doctor. A gardener at the Cardassian embassy on Romulus? Fascinating. [Bridge] I think the Romulans poisoned Proconsul Merrok and you were the one responsible for the transporter accident that killed Subcommander Ustard. You'll pardon me if I don't get up. Not a pretty sight, am I? Yes. Though I still have to concentrate to hold my form. It's all right, Doctor. I'm not exactly thrilled with the circumstances myself. You know about Major Kira and First Minister Shakaar. And just how do you keep so informed about my well-being? Are you saying that you knew I was sick even before we left the station. I think you did this to me. You caused my illness so that I'd be forced to come home. He was trying to kill my friends. I had no choice. No changeling has ever harmed another. What does that mean, I'm going to be judged? And if you decide that they weren't? Punished? How? I'm sorry I've caused you so much trouble. But I'm the one who's going to be punished. What if I refuse to cooperate? What if I refuse to join the Link? I wouldn't worry about that, Chief. I thought you might be trying to help me and I wanted to say, don't bother. That is exactly what I expect. Captain, I want to be judged. I'm the only changeling who's ever harmed another. I've spent most of my life bringing people to justice. Now that it's my turn, how can I run away? Nevertheless, they're my people and I intend to accept their judgement. [Bridge] Staring at it isn't going to make it change shape. I'll be sure to remember that. Except for my face. They left it this way on purpose. To make sure I'd never forget what I was. And what I've lost. Captain's log, stardate 49962.4. After leaving our Jem'Hadar escorts at the edge of Dominion space, the Defiant has returned home. But for Constable Odo, I'm afraid the journey has just begun. [Garak's shop] (Odo is having to get a uniform.) It's fine. Though it does make me feel a bit It's not the uniform. I think I'm hungry? I can hardly wait. Well, you've done your job. Now I have to do mine. Well, if you ask me, Captain Sisko let you off lightly. Sabotage, assaulting a Federation officer, attempting to incite war between the Federation and the Dominion. Thank you. Let's go, Garak. [Promenade] It's nothing. It's just a headache. Every once in a while I still get flashes of memory from the Great Link. A jumble of images or a word, but I can't quite make sense of it. Yes, I do. When I joined with the other changelings in the Great Link, I felt something I've never felt before. In that moment, I knew I was home. For the first time, I felt that I understood my people. Their distrust of the solids, their willingness to do anything to protect themselves. And then in an instant it was all snatched away. I'm trapped in this body. I can never rejoin the Great Link. My job is the only thing I have left. Besides, I'm still the best law enforcement officer on this station. Maybe. What's that all about? Captain. It's him. During the Link, I sensed that the other changelings were trying to hide things from me. Faces, names. One of them was him. I'm saying that he's one of them. Gowron, the head of the Klingon Empire, is a changeling.
I don't know. (Odo fits and goes semi-goo.) I think you did this to me. Captain. It's him. During the Link, I sensed that the other changelings were trying to hide things from me. Faces, names. One of them was him. I'm saying that he's one of them. Gowron, the head of the Klingon Empire, is a changeling. [Ops] Listen, Captain. Do you hear it? Soothing, isn't it? You know, before I became a solid I never heard that. I didn't have a sense of taste so I never paid much attention to food or drink. I had no idea how seductive they could be. (tops up the glass) Would you like me to get you a glass? I'm not. You know, at first I found the whole process of ingestion disgusting. But now that I've gotten used to it, I find eating and drinking to be quite comforting. It's one of the few things that you, that we humanoids have control over. One has to find something to do with one's time. For some reason, my work isn't as fulfilling as it used to be. Maybe it would be better for you to take Deputy Yndar. There's nothing I can do that he can't. What you need is someone who can turn into Gowron's pet targ. I can't do that anymore. I doubt he's going to stand still and let us take a blood sample. In other words, if we use these on Gowron and he is one of my people, he won't be able to retain his humanoid shape. You should ask Dukat for some shore leave. I think you've been in space too long. I don't understand. I really don't see the point I heard you. You should have your eyes examined. (O'Brien sniggers.) Captain, I have no business being on this mission. I'm not a very convincing Klingon. I'd hate to be the reason it fails. No, I don't suppose it will. What are you doing about it? Maybe Worf should speak to them. Leaving? For how long? You all right? Now what? How long before Gowron gets here? In that case, we might as well drink up. it's a pity it doesn't have any bubbles. (The bloodwine in the barrel is now a lot lower. Sisko is having an arm-wrestling match with one of the drunks.) It's really not too bad, except for the taste. We'll have come a long way for nothing. Q'apla! Get away from me or you won't live to see Gowron. (he elbows the drunk) I'll take that. The spoils of war from the raid on Archanis. I'll make sure he gets it. (Drums start up. Enter Gowron and guards, to great jubilation. As Gowron stands on the stage, Odo goes to set up his emitter.) This is my place. Step down. That won't be necessary. (Odo tosses the lad of his pedestal) Gowron is the one who's fooling you. And as long as you follow him, the Empire will be nothing but a pawn of the Founders. No one but the Founders. Once he's dead, he'll revert to his natural form and all doubt will be eliminated. I have a better question. Why isn't Gowron letting his bodyguards kill Worf? I'll tell you why. Klingon honour. A concept you should be very familiar with. My people, on the other hand, don't care about honour. How did you put it? There will be no honourable combat, no formal challenges. Hardly the words of a Klingon. Tell me, General, did Gowron destroy the polaron emitters or did you? [Hall of Warriors] (Worf breaks Gowron's bat'leth and is about to deliver the death blow when) Worf, stop! (Odo and Martok are fighting.) Martok's the changeling. (Martok morphs a tentacle to strangle Odo. Sisko fires his disrupter. The others join in and Martok turns into goo then explodes.) That seems to have been their plan. Thank you. That's right. Talk. The last thing the Dominion wants. It's about time. I, for one, won't miss the fangs at all. My old face will do very nicely, thank you.
Lieutenant Ilario has been killed. He was killed by what appears to have been some kind of chemically propelled projectile weapon. Doctor Bashir recovered a single tritanium bullet from Ilario's chest. No one uses projectile weapons anymore. That's correct. You say a prototype. Were they ever mass produced? Not usually, anyway. I don't think so. There are no powder burns on the body. At close range, chemically propelled weapons leave residual combustion products on the skin and clothing of the victims. I read twentieth century crime novels. Raymond Chandler, Mike Hammer, that sort of thing. But we'll find out. Not a great deal. He's only been on the station for ten days. Yes, sir. You want whoever did this caught. I understand, Captain. [Quark's] Save your complaints for the magistrate. Ilario's killer. Quite a clever one at that. I'm sorry, Lieutenant. There's nothing more annoying than a corpse with a mind of its own. Lieutenant Commander Greta Vanderweg. Science Officer. Human, age thirty seven. Twelve years of service, the last three here on Deep Space Nine. I'll look into to it, but it's doubtful. Ilario was only here for ten days, seven of them he was on the Defiant. There are over nine hundred Starfleet officers posted on the station. Sir. Nice melon. (It's blue, by the way.) I have no idea. All I know is that Chief O'Brien wanted me to bring you here. He said he had something to show us. Go ahead, Chief. Are you all right? I don't see any bullet holes. Where it continued its trajectory. So if the killer used a similar transporter device, that would explain the lack of powder burns on the victims. So he could have been firing from anywhere on the station. Can you trace the bullet's transporter signatures back to where the killer was when he fired? It's an ingenious weapon. That's enough! [Captain's office] Petty Officer Zim Brott. Bolian. Five years of service on Deep Space Nine.
Captain, where do you want me to put all this furniture? Understood.
It looked better where it was before. I thought you might want to know the Lexington docked a few minutes ago She's in Quark's.
Welcome back, Major. Gul Dukat's daughter. Ah. I certainly hope so. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Well, I may have mentioned the Bajoran legends about creatures living in the caves, but I never said I believe in them. And you didn't see anyone near her before she fell? Weren't you supposed to be working on optronic circuitry on level five? It has to be someone familiar with the station's systems. I'm running extensive security checks on all recent visitors, but so far, I haven't found anything. What are you doing, Rom? Oh, yes you can. And you will. (O'Brien winks at Rom as he is led away by security.) Coming, Chief? Not much. For the first forty minutes, it was like pulling teeth even getting him to admit his name. I don't know. Rom admits to nothing. Now he's asking to see Chief O'Brien. He won't talk to anybody else. Security to Chief O'Brien. We need you in Security right away. [Corridor] The Chief is here, Rom. Now what do you want to say? Ahem. Sorry to disturb you, Chief. A couple of things are still bothering me. Rom couldn't have done all this sabotage alone. There were too many changes for any one person to make. I checked with the repair logs. I was hoping to match someone's movements to the locations where the alterations were made, but I couldn't do that. We've had a lot of system failures recently, haven't we, Chief? Like the surveillance channels in the holding cells? You authorised a security override. What was wrong with them? Enough, Chief. You didn't cover your tracks very well. Why?
And we can't tell them unless you get the communications system back online. Maybe he doesn't want us to find the Lethean. Maybe he's in league with him. Don't bother, Doctor. For some reason, the computer isn't working. I don't hear anything. So what are these so-called voices saying? You think it's all connected somehow? Don't worry. I'm not letting you out of my sight. Doing what? If the Lethean's around, I want to know it. And if he is, then you'll have led him here. That sounds like you, Lieutenant. Well what are you saying, Doctor? That we don't exist? Maybe we're just here to give him someone to talk to. Ha! You're forgetting something, Doctor. What about the Lethean? What is he supposed to represent? You'd wake up. Doctor. (Odo is slowly turning into goo.) The Lethean. He came out of nowhere. Use the conduits. They're your best chance.
Just what do you think you're doing? (Tosk vanishes) Computer, seal off corridor fourteen A, habitat level five. Security to habitat five fourteen A. (Tosk appears when he collides with a forcefield then disappears again. Security arrives.) When you get tired of bouncing off forcefields, we can talk, all right? It's that security junction I'm curious about. For what? I'm sure you are. Now why don't we go down to my office while your friend Chief O'Brien takes a look to see just what you've been doing in there. Right. I'm going to release the forcefields now. I don't need a fight from you. Understand? Good. Computer, release the security seals. [Holding area] The weapons locker. Are you wanted by authorities somewhere in the Gamma Quadrant? Have you committed crimes? What should I do with him? I'm sorry our jail cells aren't to his liking. You do? You didn't talk him into breaking into the security system. It's that Tosk they're after. Nobody's abducting a prisoner out of my brig as long as I'm alive, Major. Thanks, Major, I know I never use them. (The aliens blow out the security office door.) [Holding area] (A red beam from his helmet reveals the invisible Tosk. Sisko, Odo and O'Brien enter.) That isn't necessary. All right, let's go. (O'Brien enters, armed) This is a security matter We'll see about that. (Odo leaves) Starfleet has no business taking charge of a prisoner transport. I'm talking about you ordering O'Brien to escort Tosk off the station. I'll seal off the adjoining corridors. They won't get far.
You wanted to see us? (Bashir presents an isolinear rod) What do you want me to do again? Er, maybe you'd better get another Nigel Dunlop. I'm, I'm busy on Saturday. I don't think so. I'm sorry. I never should have agreed to be a part of this in the first place. Sorry. (Odo heads downstairs) Why don't you leave her alone, Quark. Can't you see she's not interested? You're very observant. Are you waiting for someone? Pardon me? It's just that you keep glancing at the door. That's all I meant. Bedroom eyes? Not really. If anyone bothers you again, let me know. I'm Security Chief Odo. My office is just across the Promenade. Well, I have to go. To work. In my office. Exactly. (Odo nearly walks into the wall. He leaves and we see the assassins sitting at a nearby table.) [Cargo bay] Gagh. The Klingons have been getting regular shipments of it since the day they were posted here. Nothing. Well, I'm. Actually I'm. I'm never mind. It's embarrassing. Last night, a woman in Quark's told me I have bedroom eyes. I'm trying to see if it's true. She thought I was trying to seduce her. It was all just a misunderstanding. I have no idea. Why? Meaning what? What's this all about? (The deputy hands over a PADD and leaves.) You tried to break into the station computer. Why? Why didn't you come to me? I could have checked the manifests for you. Dataport bothering you? (It's just behind her left ear.) I know. I designed them that way. That was the idea. Tell me, Arissa, what's a nice woman like you doing with a dataport? They ought to be. People tend to use them to access information other people don't want them to access. This Idanian you were waiting for in Quark's, Tauvid Rem. What were you meeting him about? Well, I suppose I could just go to his quarters and ask him. I'm listening. I see. All right. I'll take you to him. We'll sort the rest out later. According to the access log, he's inside. (Odo opens the door) [Guest quarters] It's Security. Hello? (Arissa checks the bedroom. Odo spots a dent in the carpet, moves the chair and finds the burn marks) Oh, yes he is. What's left of him. [Security office] The residue we found contains Idanian DNA. I think it's safe to assume it came from Tauvid Rem. Do you have any idea why someone would want to kill him? What makes you say that? No. That depends. It's possible that someone doesn't want you to find your daughter. When was that? If? Considering you weren't able to access any secured information, I've decided to drop those charges. You're free to go. I hope you find your daughter. [Corridor] (Arissa plugs herself into a panel and accesses the Assay office records for Tauvid Rem.) [Promenade] (Quark is closing up the bar when there's a knock from inside.) I'm afraid the Assay Office is closed for the evening. If you want to secure any valuables, you'll have to come back in the morning. You didn't. You're good. I've been following you. I'm good, too. So, did you find anything in Tauvid's locker? Actually, I'd have you strip-searched. I've never seen a data crystal quite like this. It looks like it has a phase inverter embedded inside it. It's not going to be easy to decode. Given that all it contains is information about a missing girl, Tauvid went to great lengths to secure it. You realise it would be a simple matter for me to have a Doctor examine you to determine if you've ever been pregnant. You don't have a daughter, do you? That's probably the first true statement I've heard you make. What's on the crystal? Why? Maybe you'd better start at the beginning. He's with the Orion Syndicate. If I'm not mistaken, he specialises in blackmail and extortion. Where do you fit in with his organisation? I hope you're well paid. It's a dangerous line of work. Trigger the wrong security protocol, you could end up with permanent brain damage. Do you want to quit? Who was he? Then why did you come meet him? What made you believe that he was telling the truth? Did he tell you what this information was? Did you tell anyone you were coming here? So you think Draim had Tauvid killed to stop you from getting this crystal? What are you smiling about? I'm not turning this over to the Finneans. I'm placing you in protective custody while I have someone try to access the crystal. In the meantime, I want you to have a look at security recordings made at the airlocks. Draim was probably careful not to send anyone you'd recognise, but you never know. Doing what? Why not? I don't have a heart. Don't get too used to it. You're not staying here. Odo to Security, begin transport. [Odo's quarters] (Odo and Arissa beam in) There. Now, if anyone was watching, they'll think you're still in the other quarters. I use these things to practise shape-shifting. I thought this would be the last place anyone would look for you. There's a bed in the other room. I was planning to stay out here so I could keep an eye on you, if that's all right. I have two deputies stationed outside in the corridor, posing as a maintenance crew doing repairs. I don't need a bed. I regenerate by reverting to a gelatinous state. It is, actually. I understand you haven't been able to identify anyone from the security recordings. I haven't had much luck identifying Tauvid either. It's not his real name. He took three different transports to get to the station, used a different identity each time. I've transmitted a picture of him to the Idanian authorities. I'm not sure we'll get a reply. As you said before, they're a very secretive race. Dax and Chief O'Brien are still trying to get past the encryption lockouts. That's not a good idea. The first time they attempted to access it, the feedback shorted out the computer. I'd hate to see what that would do to your dataport. You said you were desperate. I know life on Finnea isn't easy, but you must have had other options. No. Arissa, look at me. I'm not going to let anyone hurt you. You have to trust me. I don't think you can count on whatever's on that crystal to get you out of this. Yes, you do. If you testified against Draim, you could put him in prison for the rest of his life. You could get immunity for any past crimes you may have committed, start a new life. I will take personal responsibility for your safety. I don't care how long it takes. If I have to ask for a leave of absence, I will. I've done things in my life I'm not proud of, too. You worked for Draim, I worked for the Cardassians. I never had the courage to walk away. You did. I admire that. Most people can't see past the surface, especially when what they see is so beautiful. I'm, I'm sorry, I merely meant Well, I'm going to see if they've made any progress decoding the crystal. Make yourself comfortable. I'll check in on you later. I'm sorry to interrupt. I need to talk to you. Alone. (Odo opens the door to get in.) Isn't that the woman I was supposed to steal away from Falcon? You swept her off her feet. Tell me, how did you know she was interested? Who told you about her? Kira? Dax. I can't. What if I? What if she? I should go. Thank you, Doctor. Hello. I didn't expect to find you awake. If the bed isn't comfortable, I Chief O'Brien is going to run a quantum scan on the crystal in the morning. I'll arrange it. No. No, not at all. I, er, I usually read for an hour or two. It's a detective novel. By the third page. I don't really feel like reading. Perhaps we could talk for a while? I tend to look a little different every day I pay special attention to my scowl. An air of stern suspicion is very important in my line of work. I'm just trying to figure something out. You're the first woman I've ever been close with. I've never been able to let down my guard. I was just wondering what makes you different. Not with a humanoid. Once, on my homeworld, I had an experience that you might consider sexual. Could you tell? Good. I don't ever want to leave this room. Can we stay here forever? Arissa? Everything is going to work out. All right. It was with another changeling. Our bodies became intermingled. We shouldn't let that stop us. [Ops] Good morning. You can release the Talarian as soon as he's sober, but tell him to stay away from raktajino. It obviously doesn't agree with him. I'll be in science lab four. (The Deputy leaves and an Idanian enters.) Can I help you? Yes. Go on. You know her? What does that mean? That's impossible. She would have told me. I don't understand. Chief, are you all right? Forget about the crystal. We have to find Arissa. What's wrong? Are you all right? You make it sound as if it all went according to plan. She was nearly killed. Including what just happened in the cargo bay? Yes. (Arissa the Idanian enters.) Arissa? That's not even your name, is it? I see. Don't be. You didn't know. It's not your fault. I fell in love with a woman who never really existed. Will I ever see you again?
These are the new security protocols you requested. Although frankly I'm not sure how effective they'll be against the Breen. Not at all. (Odo leaves.) What's so funny?
Still no contact with Sisko? But they're nearly three hours overdue. Opaka's people are on subspace to me every five minutes. That's not going to satisfy them on Bajor. You have no idea what the Kai means to them. When they heard Sisko had taken her into the wormhole
Mister Sisko, how can I help you? You can't find him? Have you checked his office? Why don't you go on to school while I track him down. You mean, to look at the girls. Go on. When I find out where your father went, I'll let you know. Computer, confirm that Commander Sisko is not on the station. What time did he log out? What ship did he leave on? Where's Major Kira? And you don't find that odd? How long have you been a security officer, Lieutenant? Lost many Commanders? Because you've lost one now. Sisko's off the station, missing. All of the senior officers may be missing. I want a sweep of this station, and if the others are missing too, I want to know the last time anybody saw them. I'm going to contact all ships that have departed since last night. Understood? And don't call me Constable. I'm Chief of Security. Quark! Yes. I can see. When was the last time you saw Sisko? Did he say anything to you about leaving the station? Quark. He's missing, and so are Kira, Dax and Bashir. Four officers have just disappeared. You're sure you have no idea? Yes. Wouldn't your scans pick up human life signs on their ship? Isolate that energy flux on their second deck. What would cause something like that? I think we better go take a look. Oh, is that Starfleet policy? Well, I'm not in Starfleet. Set the coordinates to midway down the second deck corridor. Is it against Starfleet rules to press a few buttons? No. This game is finished right now. Quark. Quark! What happened to that one? Why is it there? Listen to me. I want that player back. The shortcut? Are you crazy? Wait! The right move to make you rich. What? Would you please just You can't ask him to do that. Excuse me, Commander. Before you blame them, you might want to ask Quark just how all this started. That's not what you said when you were grovelling on the floor. You said something about cheating, didn't you?
Why did she bring them here? That's precisely what prompted the ban on DNA resequencing in the first place. Yes, I know. I honour you with my presence. They're not coming. I had a feeling you were going to say that. Shall I escort you to your quarters? [Cargo bay]
My Cardassian access codes are still valid. I'm attempting to override the security programme but it's going to take some time. I'm not sure my clearance level is high enough. Acknowledged. (Quark enters) Not now, Quark. I'm busy. Not unless you have a level nine Cardassian security clearance. I only have levels one through six. Leave me alone, Quark. I mean we're trapped. I wouldn't be surprised if the entire station is locked down. (Another of those doorway forcefields, this time on the inside of the office.) This forcefield isn't just protecting the door, it goes through the bulkheads, the ceiling, the deck. There's nowhere for me to go. No, I'm stuck here with you. Believe me, a far worse fate. And stay away from my computer. [Ore loading bay] (They're using an ore cart as a battering ram.) Give me that before you hurt yourself. I checked the entire security complex. There's no way out. What? That you'd spend your final hours in jail? I could've told you that. I know. He owns a moon. Many times. Oh, come on, Quark, you've done all right for yourself. Quark, I've met a lot of Ferengis in my time and the truth is, although some of them may have been more wealthy, I've never met one more devious. Would I lie? No. [Ops] (Garak has got a station working.) Go ahead, Major. All except one. It seems the forcefield around my office are still in operation. This forcefield must be on a separate system from the others. It's not to keep people out, it's to keep me in. I suppose during the occupation the Cardassians considered their security chief a security risk. Oh, do you? It's about time. All right, Quark. You can leave now. Quark, I told you to stay away from the computer. [Promenade] I thought we were going to die. I was trying to be nice. The Grand Nagus. DaiMon Tye. Your brother, Rom. Your uncle Frin, your cousin Gaila.
Sir, do you think there's any chance she'll be able to find him? Then may I ask why you're letting her do this?
Move aside! Look out! Move! Move! [Airlock] (The runners arrive about the same time as Bashir and a nurse.) They're docking. Docking clamps secure. I'm opening the airlock. Stand back. (The ship's doors open to a scene of smoke.) This way, this way. It's all right. (A Bajoran woman comes out.) It's all right. Come along now. Odo to Kira. I think you should meet us in the Infirmary, Major. [Ops] Mister Sisko. Just another innocent man arrested for a crime he didn't commit. As if you didn't know. Your accomplice here has also denied involvement, but I have an eyewitness who saw both of you breaking into the Tholian Ambassador's quarters last night. Tell it to the Magistrate. I'm sorry the quarters aren't to your liking. Please feel free to submit a complaint to the management. [Infirmary]
All right, these barstools will have to be removed. No, and I can't say I'm interested in learning. Station regulation twenty five sixty two, paragraph four. All furniture intended for use on the Promenade must not pose a danger to public safety. Without a back on the stool, Morn could tumble from his perch at any moment, shattering his upper vertebrae or puncturing three or four of his lungs. (Morn stands, Quark pushes him back onto the stool.) Which points out another danger. Vertigo. Your appeal has been heard and rejected. I want the barstools removed by the end of the day. Now, it's come to my attention that your dabo wheel is in violation of station regulation forty seven twenty one, which states Nerys. Not at all. Where shall we go? Only you would consider barstools to be a form of artistic expression. Gift? Saturday? Oh. I suppose it is. Why should I? Whatever you're trying to sell me, it won't work. A one month anniversary gift. Did you ever heard of anything so ridiculous? (Odo looks at Jake, then leaves nonchalantly and starts shopping.) Well, this is it. I don't have anything planned. A holosuite programme? I bought her a gift. All right. Let me look at those programmes. Come on. (Odo goes upstairs with the box.) I'll take this one. Book us four hours starting at twenty one hundred on Sunday night. I mean Sunday. Yes, but our first date ended badly. It's not something I want to commemorate, so I've decided to celebrate the anniversary of our first kiss. Romantic, isn't it? (Odo leaves and Quark tries his monitor.) Quark. I'd like that holosuite now after all. That's right. It turns out Nerys agrees with you. She wants to celebrate the anniversary of our first date, not our first kiss, so here we are. Is the holosuite still available? The programme? Thank you, Quark. I'm sure we will. He should be. He's about to make his biggest profit of the year. [Quark's cafe] I owe him one, so he'll get this one. But just this one. Well, some mysteries are better left unsolved. [Bridge] (Entering orbit.)
Is there a problem? Why wouldn't you want to sell to them? Seek them yourself. Are you suggesting it might not have been an accident? Commander, Doctor Bashir has found some new evidence about Ensign Aquino you should see. Set to kill. [Commander's office] One moment, Commander. I'm not convinced of that. It could have been altered by our killer to cover his tracks. I've checked the turbolift records the night of the murder. Aquino did take a turbolift to level three, but not to the power conduit where he was found. Runabout pad C. Apparently, he was getting murdered. [Airlock] It's not a convention. They're from an orthodox spiritual order coming to support Vedek Winn's efforts to keep the Bajoran children out of school. This is not what I wanted to talk to you about. What do you know about the murder of Ensign Aquino? No, but most of your friends are. Keep your ears open. You found it at runabout pad C? Pad A. On the contrary, it makes perfect sense. Ensign Aquino goes to runabout C because some sensor shows an anomaly in the security net there. He interrupts whoever is tampering with it and is killed. The killer puts the body in the conduit and instead of going back to pad C, which might be traced with Aquino's turbolift log, he changes his plan and moves to pad A. I'd guess somebody wanted to steal a runabout. It's curious. He goes to a lot of trouble to defeat the security net and then doesn't go through with (BOOM!) Then we're looking at a simple home-made bomb. (There's a hubbub outside) [Promenade] (Winn comes through the crowd) Clear the way. Clear the way, please. (Neela watches from a crossover bridge) [Ops]
What seems to be the trouble, Commander? I can see how that would be a problem. Hold on, let's stick together. No wandering off. You just stay put while I round up your friends. I'm afraid you'll have to put that back. Yes, it's very nice but it's not yours. (Gai picks up something too) And that goes for you, too. There's no doubt who the boss is. Wait. Did you hear that? I think she said need. I think she means the wormhole. Three million? And when we find them, what then? This station only holds seven thousand people. You're talking about three million Skrreeans. Who conquered them? Slow down! There's no running on the Promenade! It's going to get awfully crowded around here, Commander Nog! You know there's no running on the Promenade. What seems to be the problem? Is that true, Nog? Nog? Very amusing. Thank you for bringing this to my attention. I'll take care of it from here. (Odo takes Nog by the lobe and hauls him off) I believe he's a Reegrunion. How would you know about that? And what would your Uncle Quark know about illegal weapon sales? I'm sure. I asked that the boy's father come to see me. He sprayed several Skrreean boys with a foul-smelling vapour. That doesn't excuse his actions. See that you don't. Go on. (Nog leaves) And why's that? I didn't notice. They won't be here long. In that case, I hope they never leave. [Quark's] (Varani is playing something more upbeat, there are lots of Skrreeans about, with five women at a table)
Here's the information you requested on the captain of the Valerian ship. As I recall the Toh'Kaht put in for a maintenance check. So, Quark I heard you had some problems with the Klingons the last time they came through. They do tend toward bluster, don't they? Throwing their weight around, bragging. And what did they say? The chances are what you heard won't help, so why should I give you something for it? That damaged holosuite. Work crew seven is probably doing the repairs, am I right? Well it looks as though I might have to put in a priority request for work crew seven. The bulkheads in security could use a little shoring up. Their exact words? You've been most helpful. How am I? Fine. I don't remember anything, But I'm back to normal? Then thank you for your time, Doctor. Concern? Why don't you tell me and then you can be sure I know. What uneasy alliance? What exactly are you basing all this on, Doctor? Are you finished with me? Another time, perhaps. [Commander's office] (Sisko is working on a larger than usual PADD) Can I help you, Major? Yes, I suppose our relationship has always been cooperative. I heard that Commander Sisko was adamant about not interfering with the Valerian ship. Has he changed his mind? How odd. Very well. I'll keep the two of you informed of my progress. You wanted me to go behind Sisko's back, didn't you? Is this a Ferengi fashion I'm not aware of? Tell me about it. Go on. And did Dax seem persuaded? Answer the question. Doesn't Kira's behaviour seem a little out of the ordinary? And the others. At the staff briefing Sisko was bored as if he couldn't be bothered about running the station. And Bashir. Since when is he so concerned about station politics? Yes, I suppose you are. It's time I had a talk with Sisko. Sisko? Where's Commander Sisko? It sounds like there was a power struggle on board, some sort of attempted takeover. But awfully unusual for a Federation-run space station. When will the other log entries be available? Thank you, Chief. What are you doing here? Commander. Concerned, sir. Commander, I think something might be wrong with some of us. Ever since the Klingon ship exploded and their First Officer beamed over, certain behaviours and attitudes have been abnormal. There appears to have been a mutiny on the Klingon ship. I wouldn't go so far as to say the same thing is happening on DS Nine, but I do find some disturbing parallels. What is it? Did we have an appointment? What do you mean? You're going after Sisko. What's your plan? Computer, open a channel to Starfleet Headquarters. Why? Open a channel to the Bajoran Council. By authority of Chief O'Brien? Computer, are you finished reconstructing the journal of the Klingon First officer. On screen. Computer, scan the journal for mention of contact with any alien race. Play it. I take it you've completed your autopsy of the Klingon. The Klingon, Doctor, what did you find? I don't have time for jokes. Your findings could determine who controls this station. All in good time. First, tell me about the Klingon. What could cause that? Could it have something to do with telepathy? The Klingons were studying the telepathic archives of an ancient race. Could that energy matrix have somehow caused them to re-enact the power struggle that destroyed the Saltah'nans. Doctor, I believe the Klingon brought the matrix with him and everyone in Ops was affected except me. Without a humanoid brain, my system rejected it. Of course not. But what if you and I are the only two who aren't affected? Exactly. The first thing we have to do is figure out how to remove the field from everyone affected. Would you prefer that someone blew up the station? The power to control the energy matrix is the power to control this station. Do it. I promise, Doctor, you won't regret it. [Ops] Odo here. Take crossover bridge one to the cargo bay entrance into docking port four. [Corridor] Go ahead, Major. Yours, of course. [Ops] You'll find him trapped in cargo bay four. [Ops] We're running out of time, Doctor. And what will happen to it then? That's all I need to know. Let's go. [Cargo bay four] (Sisko and O'Brien run through, but can't open the next door) Major, wait! Computer, execute Odo one. (A high pitched noise makes everyone grab their heads in pain, and a purple haze comes out of them) Everyone grab hold of something secure. (Odo opens the outer doors, the purple is sucked out with the air, and Odo shuts it again.) Welcome back, everybody. Commander's log, stardate 46924.5. With nothing to contain it, the telepathic matrix has dispersed in space. Meanwhile, I'm happy to report everything and everyone aboard DS Nine has returned to normal. [Commander's office]
It is standard procedure for the Cardassians to use torture in their interrogations. You are correct, Mrs O'Brien. What about his Nestor? Advisor to the offender. Madame Archon, I volunteer to serve as Nestor in this trial. I am an officer of the Court. Chief of Security Odo. I served Gul Dukat on Terok Nor. You may check my credentials. I was designated an officer of the Cardassian court four years ago in order to testify in criminal cases. May I ask what penalty does Mister O'Brien face? Mrs O'Brien, we should leave immediately. I'm sorry. How have they treated you? All Cardassians are required to give the Bureau of Identification one of their first molars. It's usually extracted at age ten. She came with me. It's not permitted for family members to visit offenders in confinement. She'll be at the trial tomorrow. The Cardassians always invite families to trials and executions so that the public can see them weep. I think that's a mistake. No. But we have an idea. Have you ever had any dealings with the Maquis? Do you know anybody in the Maquis? Ever supplied any of them with weapons? Commander Sisko informed me a few hours ago that twenty four photon warheads are missing from the station. We believe they may have been in your runabout's cargo bay intended for the Maquis. But you know nothing about it? And you didn't transport them from weapons locker four just before you left the station? Were you in weapons locker four before you left the station? Then why does the log say that you were? Why was it your voice releasing the security lock? Your voice. Being accused of a crime is not a disgrace, Chief. Some of the great figures of history have shared the honour with you. Not all of them were martyrs, not all of them died. Some of them were just innocent men like you. Now, I've managed to get myself named to your defence team. I'll be there tomorrow. Your wife will be there as well, but she won't be weeping and neither will you. I want the Archon to see the clear, unwavering eyes of an innocent man. Is that understood? Guard! I'll see you tomorrow. Madame Archon, may I confer privately with the Conservator before we begin. I beg the court's indulgence. I am new at this. We have new evidence to prove O'Brien's innocence. If O'Brien is accused of stealing warheads from Deep Space Nine, we can prove that he didn't do it. Someone manipulated a recording of his voice to gain entry. I can produce that recording here. Of course, but I was hoping that the most renowned Conservator in all of Cardassia Madam Archon, may I address the court? But if our Conservator refuses to bring up new evidence Of a manipulated recording of the offender's voice that would prove his innocence. what else am I supposed to do? Which raises my next point, Madame Archon. I would like to move for a change of venue to my court. No crime has been committed against Cardassia. It was in fact committed at a Bajoran space station I regret that I have no teeth to offer your Bureau of Identification. I object. Gul Evek has tied the Maquis to this plot by quoting reliable sources. I think we deserve to know who these reliable sources are. Might we know how Gul Evek learned the warheads were in the runabout? Madame Archon! Advise him to do what? I never heard of a Cardassian court showing mercy. No, Madame Archon. Madame Archon, what relevance does Mister O'Brien's war experiences have? You won. This trial was never about your husband, Mrs O'Brien. It was designed from the beginning to discredit the Federation, to show that the Maquis had their official sanction. Gul Evek's testimony made it clear that the situation had become untenable.
How long do I have? You can make an educated guess. I want a time frame, Doctor. Thank you. Now I want to see Kira. Understood. Now please, let me see Kira. (Bashir leaves, Kira enters.) Better. This contraption of Julian's seems to alleviate the pain. You should be going soon. Damar needs someone who's actually fought with a resistance movement. That's you, not Garak. I want you to leave. You watched Bariel die in this very room and I know how that's haunted you. I don't want your last memory of me to be witnessing my death. Maybe it is. And maybe I'm being selfish telling you all the things I want, but I don't want the last thing I see to be pain in your eyes. Not from me. You have to go, Nerys. I can't be a very pleasant sight. Just say you love me. That's all I've ever cared about. I love you, Nerys. [Infirmary] I understand, Doctor. You've done everything you could, more than I would've thought possible and I appreciate it. Thank you, but right now I'd simply like to be alone. If you mean it's going to be painful, just say so. All right then. Go ahead. (Bashir injects him. Odo writhes in pain and ripples, then settles down to his proper smooth self.) [Quark's] (Bashir is throwing darts in the closed bar.)
That is good news. The question is, will the Romulans be willing to leave Benzar after the war is over? Once they capture territory, they very rarely give it up. Somebody has to. Besides, everyone expects me to be dour and suspicious. I don't want to disappoint them. That is the real me. At least as far as everyone else is concerned. [Tunnel] This one is anything but vague, and Bajoran prophecies have an odd way of coming true. True. So, what does the Captain say about this? What was that? (Across the upper Promenade, we see the wormhole goes WHOOSH through a window. The station shakes again and the wormhole closes.) Don't have to do what? I don't mind. In fact, I rather enjoy it. You eat with such gusto. Most of the time. It seems to me that if the Prophets want the Bajoran people to follow a given path, they should provide more specific directions. Maybe it should. And you would agree. We manage. Besides, I do have faith in some things. You. So what did happen? Nothing. We believe you, Captain. It's possible the power drain is related to this energy discharge you saw. I think we've found the source of the power fluctuations. When I tried to talk to her, she ignored me. (Possessed Kira comes over to Sisko and Winn. A strong wind blows down the Promenade. Lights flicker and glasses explode. When Kira speaks, her voice has an echo.) I do. I know how important her faith is to her and I have no doubt that she would allow the Prophets to use her as their instrument. Hurry along now, hurry along. There's room. I'm going to check the Promenade for stragglers. I had to respect Kira's wishes. Just be grateful you didn't have to make that choice. They will be, if Kira has anything to do with it. The last transports are standing by. All right, this way. How was the prayer service? Perhaps that's why you were chosen. You have faith and humility. Just the same, I wouldn't have minded if the Prophets had chosen someone else.
I suppose we could contact Gul Dukat and ask if he has any spare manifold systems lying around. But there is one problem. It's standard Cardassian procedure to booby-trap a facility before abandoning it, and a lot of the surprises they leave behind are specifically keyed to attack non-Cardassians.
A blockade? How many ships are we talking about? And how effective do you think those twelve ships are going to be against even one Romulan warbird? Well, I was hoping our relationship was going to be a long and happy one, but I suppose I'm willing to settle for short and exciting. I take it you're going to be commanding the blockade? Then I'm going to be there with you. Yes, I do. All right, I'll wait until the first wave of Romulan ships decide to run the blockade. You mean you're bluffing? And I'm hoping they don't call your bluff. [Desert] (Going up a sandy incline.) And the book isn't bad either. I think you'll enjoy it. Maybe not, but I know how much you hate all this waiting and Mike Hammer has certain qualities I think you'll appreciate. He's as tough as they come and he hates waiting almost as much as you do. Mike Hammer would have been proud. [Wardroom] They'll be in weapons range in eight minutes. They're not responding. At least not for another six minutes. [Wardroom] The Romulans have powered their weapons. I think they're calling your bluff. Nerys, if you're going to end this, I suggest you do it now. [Wardroom] Do we stand down, Colonel? Nerys? (Red energy comes out of the wormhole and explodes.) I wouldn't have missed it for anything. [Wardroom] Nerys, they're pulling back. Just when you thought things couldn't get more interesting. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Attacked? Where? We don't.
I've assigned these quarters to the senior Cardassian scientist. Her name is Ulani. Her colleague Gilora has the adjacent room. I also had Chief O'Brien reprogramme the replicators to provide Cardassian food. I've assigned two of my people to follow the Cardassians at all times. Commander, there are still elements opposed to the peace treaty between Cardassia and Bajor on both sides. We have to be prepared for trouble. Ulani's. And how do you know their names? I was just informed an hour ago. And they'll all be welcome at Quark's. There'll be no live vole fights on the Promenade, Quark. Oh, yes you could. I suggest you take your bottles and leave, Quark, before I have you arrested for attempting to poison our guests. [Commander's office] It turns out that Vedek Yarka is no longer a Vedek at all. He was stripped of his title two months ago. Officially, for teachings not in keeping with the Bajoran faith. But according to my sources, he was defrocked because he led a series of protests against the Vedek Assembly when they endorsed the peace treaty with Cardassia. That would seem to be his agenda. And it's probably colouring his view of the prophecy, just as your agenda colours how you see it. That's not the agenda I was referring to, Commander. I was referring to your desire to distance yourself from the title of Emissary. It's just an observation, of course, but it's always seemed to me that you've never been comfortable with it. I'm not suggesting anything. But it's been my experience that all humanoids have an agenda of some sort, and that their agendas can influence them without their even realising it. [Promenade]
One raktajino, extra hot, two measures of kava. Time? Major. (Kira sits and takes a sip of her drink) Sixteen items. Nothing out of the ordinary. Three petty thefts, two incidents of disorderly conduct, one assault. Skip to item twelve. The same night Ijarna reported the assault, I found him and his wife (gesture) behind the information kiosk on the second level. Ah. One of my deputies caught Ojuy Gel scrawling political graffiti on a wall in section four. He was protesting First Minister Shakaar's upcoming visit to the station. Well, leaflets are one thing, vandalism is quite another. Ojuy spent a night in a holding cell for his trouble, and I understand the Arbiter has sentenced him to three weeks community service on sanitation duty. Right. (Quark enters.) Not now, Quark. We are conducting station business. Quark. That was for all of five minutes. Once you complained, I took the form of a Rafalian mouse. Come back in half an hour, I'll be happy to take your complaint then. Luck had nothing to do with it. [Airlock] (Dress uniform to meet the First Minister) Received a disturbing communication. I have reason to believe someone is planning to assassinate First Minister Shakaar. [Captain's office] As far as I'm concerned we should've gotten the First Minister off that podium as soon as we received the information. We're not talking about some disgruntled shopkeeper who writes a letter threatening Shakaar for raising taxes, we're talking about a Cardassian extremist group that's already succeeded in assassinating two Bajoran officials. My sources in the Cardassian Civilian Government believe the True Way already has an operative in place aboard the station. I suggest you cancel the First Minister's conference and reschedule it at another location. The First Minister will have round-the-clock protection. I'd like to deploy Starfleet security personnel in addition to my own deputies. I've cleared the rooms above, below and to both sides of the First Minister's quarters. I'm afraid that isn't feasible. There are over twelve hundred people living there. It isn't easy. We have that in common. My people have an innate need for order. I make order where I can. For one thing, I have a daily routine which I follow unwaveringly. Shopkeepers on the Promenade joke that they can set their clocks by me. There are other ways to create order in your life. Your quarters, for example. Everything in mine has its specific place and it's all arranged just so. Exactly. I'll tell you what else to do. Make sure everyone knows they can't just drop by your quarters to say hello. If someone does, whatever happens, don't make them feel welcome. Precisely. That's probably because he knows you from the Enterprise. Good luck. [Corridor] Odo to Worf. The guards are in position. The corridors between Shakaar's quarters and the wardroom have been cleared. The First Minister is scheduled to leave for the reception [Security office] First Minister. Well, the reception doesn't start for another Why wasn't I told about this? I would have posted extra security on the Promenade. With all due respect, sir, now that you're First Minister you can't slip in or out of bed without people noticing. Odo to Worf. There's been a change of plans. [Promenade - upper level] I was in charge of keeping order on the Promenade. Well, I'm gratified to hear that. I'll try to get him inside as soon as I can. Good. I don't know. It didn't really serve a purpose. It's not as if I needed it to hold my pants up. Really? Well, if you say so. (Odo creates the belt.) Better? Of course. Good night, Major. No. I don't eat. Minister? If you tell me where you're going, I'll secure your route. I suppose not. I'll escort you. Where? This way. [Corridor] I take it the negotiations aren't going all that well. The truth is, the Bajorans are even less successful than most humanoids at hiding their emotions. I've been working with the Federation for a number of years. They claim to be open and understanding, but somehow they're always convinced that they're right. It can be exasperating at times. And why should Bajor be any different? Unless of course, you take into account the effect that fifty years of occupation might have on a society. Well, I'm afraid I don't know much about politics. Well, I can't argue with that. Thank you. Of course. She's spoken about you on more than one occasion. Ah. Well, let me think. No. So have I. Is it? She's still your friend. It's a difficult situation. Frankly, I think she's still grieving for Vedek Bareil. That's what I would do. I'm afraid I know even less about relationships than I do about politics. For the most part, no. [Wardroom] (Quark is topping up the punch bowl as Odo scans one of his waiters.) Huh. I can't tell you how relieved that makes me feel. (Odo comes over and scans the fruit bowl.) I'm reading some sort of power signature. (A little thing on a banana.) Ah. A Ferengi eavesdropping device. I don't suppose you know anything about this? You admit it's yours? I take it you were hoping to peddle information about Shakaar's meeting? Why else would someone like you own such an expensive listening device? Very touching. (Odo drops it in the punch bowl. There's an expensive fizzle.) How clumsy of me. I don't have moods. That's right. I have no idea what you're talking about. Who? That's ridiculous. Is that a fact. I don't want your sympathy, Quark, and I don't need your advice. Just stay out of my business. [Security office] (Everything is laid out as in the teaser.) Computer, time. Nine items. Your raktajino? I didn't see you in the Replimat. Ah. There's an interesting story behind item four. Of course. I'll make sure security is in place. Odo to Worf. We're heading back down to the Docking Ring. Level two D. Verify your security code and I'll release the controls to you. Controls aren't responding. (Odo morphs his arms into steel piledrivers which push out the turbolift sides so it starts to rub against the side of the shaft and eventually comes to a halt.) I'm afraid so, sir. Apparently they tapped into the comm. system with a voice synthesizer. We don't know that they did that, sir. I turned over control of the turbolift without verifying his code. I was distracted. A personal matter, sir. I prefer not to discuss it. I won't, sir. Yes, sir. [Security office] I've heard every word. With all due respect, Commander, you don't know me well enough to gauge my state of mind. Is it. You're right. It won't. I'm going to go talk to Major Kira. You follow your leads, Commander, I'll follow mine. [Corridor] Jimenez? What are these men doing here? How long has he been there? All right, Ensign, you're relieved. I said you're relieved. I'll take the rest of your shift. May I ask where you're going, First Minister? Major, I was wondering if you had a moment to answer a few questions about what happened in the turbolift. Did I do something amusing? I understand. I'm happy for you. No, not in the least. (Kira hugs Odo.) Yes, but we can talk about it later. Yes. I have an appointment. What'd he do? What? I see. Why didn't you call me before you made the arrest? You were right. What was I thinking? How could I have fooled myself into believing she could ever love someone like me? I'll try to keep my problems more quiet next time. The what? Your profits? I'm devastated. Funny. For a minute there I thought you were talking to me as a friend. Good morning, Major. I wanted to talk to you about something. (Odo has dispensed with the belt.) I don't quite know how to say this, but I've given it a lot of thought, and er I'm afraid I won't be able to make our Tuesday morning meetings anymore. I've decided to schedule additional training exercises with my deputies. My schedule is rather tight. And lets face it, the Criminal Activity reports speak for themselves. There's really no reason we have to review them together. Of course. It's just a matter of using my time more efficiently. Well. I'm just trying to keep to the essentials, Major. Who? Where did you hear that? Are you sure you haven't been listening in on your holosuites again? Not anymore. Oh? I'm having the floor reinforced. The fact that they're soundproofing it as well is incidental. If you think I'd put up with three days of construction for your sake, think again. Don't mention it. (Kira and Shakaar come down the stairs and sit at a table.)
I heard an interesting rumour today. Rumour has it you've managed to get your hands on a small cloaking device. When it's about you, yes. According to Bajoran law, such a device would be highly illegal. I didn't expect you to admit it. I'm simply serving notice. You try to sell it and I'll see to it that you spend the next fifty years digging trenches in a penal colony. Are you all right? Your hands are shaking. So, how well does this woman know you? Just enough to dislike you, or well enough to really hate you. So which is it, dislike or hate? Must have been some life. (Quark takes a single glass to the table) Professor Lang? I apologise for the interruption, but I'm afraid, madam, that you're under arrest. Commander Sisko will explain. I'm truly sorry. The Bajoran Provisional Government has agreed to it. A Cardassian transport will deliver the Bajoran prisoners within five hours. I'm busy. Come back later. Chief O'Brien loaned it to me. This better be important, Quark. Do I? Since when have you become so interested in Cardassian politics? So, wanting me to free Natima and those students is strictly a financial consideration on your part? I know you better than you think, Quark. This isn't about Cardassia, and for once it's not even about profit. This is about Professor Lang. Why didn't you tell me that before? Go on. Well, since you put it that way, I'm not interested. For you? And I've seen how well you treat him. All right. I'll do it. But not for you. Turning Hogue and Rekelen over to the Cardassians would mean their deaths. I've read their files and nothing they've done warrants that kind of punishment. I'll free them, Quark, but only in the name of justice. That's right. Let go. One question. How do you expect Rekelen and Hogue to get past that warship? I knew you had a cloaking device. Good luck. [Cargo bay]
So, what do you think of the O'Brien's plan to name their baby Sean? Except that in Bajoran, Sean means swamp. I doubt it. I nominate you. Neck bothering you again? Actually, I believe Commander Dax has been treated for seven muscle pulls, two contusions, and three cracked ribs. The only person who's spent more time in the Infirmary in the past few weeks is Commander Worf. From what I hear, Risa makes the Hoobishan Baths look like a monastery. I hadn't noticed it. You must be looking forward to it. The Gallamite? Well, I can see it's going to be quite a trip.
(to security) All right, keep an eye on him. As I understand it, Mister Tolar over there came in about two hours ago and ordered a bottle of Whelan Bitters. Fifteen minutes later, he ordered a second bottle, then a third. Halfway through his fourth bottle he decided to dance with M'Pella. She was otherwise engaged running the dabo wheel and declined his invitation. He decided to force the issue. A brief struggle ensued and Quark, in an uncharacteristic display of chivalry, attempted to intervene, so Tolar stabbed him. Normally, he'd be sitting in a holding cell, but he claims he's a friend of yours. I see. I am certainly aware of the need for special security measures during wartime, but as a matter of law, if Quark chooses to press charges against Tolar, I have no choice but to make an arrest.
All Bajoran outposts have been put on alert for retaliatory strikes. The provisional government has made a statement disavowing any responsibility. An accident involving a Cardassian ship in Bajoran space? If I were a Cardassian, I wouldn't easily accept Is mercassium some kind of explosive? You must be concerned about the colonies' security at a time like this. Neither have we, and that's what's got me worried. It's their own fault. I've been warning them from the beginning. If you will let me be in charge of Security I will give you a safe station. You people tell me to do my job then give me a Federation rulebook listing all the things I can't do. Untie my hands before you start to blame me, Mister O'Brien. Give me the right to set a curfew, let me do more searches of arriving passengers, give me fifty more deputies. Say what you like, it was safer then. I'd be delighted to accommodate you. We're trying to locate anyone they might have contacted here. Aye, sir.
The Battle of Klach D'kel Brakt was a legendary Klingon victory over the Romulans almost a century ago. Since when did you add ancient Klingon battles to your holosuite programs? Shut off the power. No, he said he'll kill you. Shut it off. (Silence) The battle has been won. The people are waiting to celebrate your victory. How did you get in here? That doesn't answer my question. Charges? No charges. He's today's guest of honour. I apologise. No offence intended. [Holding cell] Sir, if you'll wake up, I'll release you into your friend's custody. Security reassignments, Major. Sorry it took so long. It's been a Klingon afternoon. Every time Klingons come to the station, I wind up with a Klingon afternoon. But this was definitely one I'll cherish forever. There's a drunk Klingon in my holding cell, must be a hundred years old, singing battle songs. Even his best friend who's probably a hundred and fifty years old won't have anything to do with him, so I get the pleasure of listening to his repertoire. Kor, Dahar Master of the Klingons. That's what he announced right after winning the Battle of Klach D'kel Brakt at Quark's. No, it was Lieutenant.
I'd say this is strictly a Starfleet occasion. So, in theory, we should be able to travel into the past by focusing the transporter beam through the polarised chroniton particles? Is there something wrong with our communications array? I was just talking to Starfleet Security when my comm. line went dead. What is it, Chief? Do you think Sisko and the others might have somehow altered the timeline?
May I be of service? (Lwaxana lets Quark go) What seems to be the problem? You're certain you were wearing it today. I see. You're Betazoid? Telepathic. And you sense no guilt anywhere in this room? Quark has plenty of reason to feel guilty, but he usually doesn't have to resort to petty theft to fleece his clients. Wait a minute. Empty your pockets now. (He's been a busy little pick-pocket) Well, since when did you join Starfleet? Dopterians are distant relatives of the Ferengi. It made sense that if you couldn't read Quark, you might not be able to read this charming fellow either. Most people find it rather tedious. That's my job. Now, what can I do for you? You haven't lost anything else, I hope. I beg your pardon? (She gets up close and personal) Yes. Odo. Lyrical? I have a lot of work to do. That's correct. Been with? So far. Is that the comm.? I think it is. Excuse me, I've got to get to Ops. [Ops] Commander, I have a problem. No, sir, this one's named Lwaxana. That's her. There was a minor incident at the bar that I helped her with, and now she's grateful. The manner in which she expresses her gratitude. To be honest, Commander, she seems interested in me. She's extremely aggressive. Like a Wanoni tracehound. Sir? I have six pylons that need a complete security sweep. I don't have time for romantic interludes. Frankly, in my humble opinion, most of you humanoids spend far too much time on your respective mating rituals. Procreation does not require changing how you smell, or writing bad poetry, or sacrificing various plants to serve as tokens of affection. In any event, it's all irrelevant to me. I would appreciate it if you would do something about this woman. Just tell her to leave me alone. I understand thieves and killers. I don't understand her. I'm just trying to avoid a diplomatic incident. I don't want to insult the Ambassador. I don't handle delicacy very well. [Ops] Can't say I have. You told Quark you were going into a holosuite with me? Good lord. (The turbolift returns) I'm afraid I'm not available. I have to get to upper pylon three immediately. (Lwaxana gets in the turbolift with him) Madame Ambassador. Madame Ambassador. I don't eat. This is not a real mouth, it is an approximation of one. I do not have an esophagus or a stomach or a digestive system. I am not like you. Every sixteen hours, I turn into a liquid. Computer? Computer. Odo to Ops. [Ops] Well? I wouldn't think of it. It wouldn't be polite. Not if we remain calm. I'd really prefer to pass the time quietly. Quietly. Thank you. Hmmm. Yes? Can what? I understand. (sits with her) There's nothing to be afraid of. Really? Hmm? Oh nothing. I was just wondering how many volts are in that exposed circuit. Go on, go on. (looking a bit shiny) Hmmm? I'm really a private man. It is real in that it is me. It is not real hair. It took a great deal of practice. If you must know, I imitated the hairstyle of the Bajoran man who was assigned to me. To study me at the research centre. He was a scientist. I did not grow up as you think of it. It was merely a transition from what I used to be to what I learned to become. I was always very self-sufficient. Odo to Ops. Odo to Ops! Comm. lines are still down. I don't know what's taking so long. It's nothing. I'm fine. Not at all. What was it like? I guess you could say I was the life of the party. My way of trying to fit in. I found I could be entertaining. Odo, be a chair. I'm a chair. Odo, be a razorcat. I'm a razorcat. Life of the party. I hate parties. No, it's fine. It's just, I told you I turn into a liquid every sixteen hours? Well, I'm in hour fifteen. [Ops] (the back of his neck is very wet) Odo to Ops. Odo out. I can't. It's beginning. You don't understand. No one has ever seen me like this before. That was different. It was only research to him. I'm not ashamed. It's a private matter, that's all. You can't. I'm fine. (Lwaxana holds out her wig) What's that? Why? It looks fine. You are not at all what I expected. I cannot hold my shape any longer. I know that wasn't exactly what you had in mind for your picnic. Your sensitivity and discretion are appreciated.
And so is Doctor Bashir. (Sisko and Kira arrive on the turbolift.) That's not good enough. If one of my people were loose on the station for that long, there's no telling how much damage they could do. And remind everyone that next time they'd better sweep everything. A changeling can be anything. A post, a pillar, even a patch of reflective surfacing. I hope so, Chief. Just remember that the Founders are even better shape-shifters than I am. That is correct. And if I want to, I can even drink the liquid, reabsorb it, and produce new coffee in the cup. (he demonstrates) This way I can give the illusion that I'm sharing in the dining experience. Not since they sealed their borders. I didn't know you still had friends inside the Empire. They're unsettling for everyone. But if I hear anything, I'll let you know. Excuse me for a moment. [Promenade] Can I help you? Morn, I believe Ensign Sanders was looking for you. Gentlemen, if you have business on this Promenade, I suggest you get on with it. I may be a shape-shifter, but I am also Chief of Security of this station. So either move along, or you'll be continuing this conversation from inside a holding cell. I didn't know you spoke Klingon. It all seems simpler from up here, doesn't it? That may be, but you can't stay up here forever. Sooner or later you're going to have to talk to Captain Sisko. Whatever it is you've found out about the Klingons, he should be the first to know. As Chief of Security, it's my duty to observe the inhabitants of this station. Since your arrival, you've transmitted an average of five messages a day to the Klingon Homeworld, none of which has gotten a response. Then last night you met with a Klingon officer in your quarters. Since then, you haven't sent a single message. In fact, you've done nothing to further your investigation of the Klingon task force. The security of this station is my business. Your behaviour leads me to conclude that either you've given up your investigation, in which case it's my duty to take over, or you've found something. Something so disturbing that you're hesitant to inform Captain Sisko. Commander. I just wanted to say that I understand what you're going through. I've also had to choose between duty and loyalty to my people. Frankly, Mister Worf, I don't care which choice you make. But you owe it to Captain Sisko to let him know which side you're on, before it's too late. Enjoy the view. [Ops] If my people wanted to seize control of Cardassia, that is how they would do it. Doctor. I just want you to know I'll be assigning a security team to the Infirmary for your protection. I understand. Just do me a favour. Don't count on that blue uniform to protect you. In the heat of battle, Klingons aren't very choosy about their targets. Doctor or no doctor, you might end up having to defend yourself. That's all I ask. Doctor, if a Klingon were to kill me, I'd expect nothing less than an entire opera on the subject. Come on, Quark. Move along. You should be in an emergency shelter by now. Really? And how do you plan to do that? You're going to hit them with a box? I thought you were the ship's cook. Dear Quark. I used parts of your disruptor to fix the replicators. Will return them soon. Rom. With what? (The Promenade airlock is sealed and Security is stationed all around.) [Corridor] (Dukat and two Starfleet are standing guard on a door at the end.) Thank you, Doctor. The habitat ring, and lower pylon three. They seem to be contained for the moment, but I can't guarantee it'll stay [Ops] Commander. Don't worry. I'm sure Dukat will take all the credit.
The signals are coming from this area. The last reported position of the Honshu was here, which means there could be survivors in any of these adjacent star systems. Two. The Constellation and the Defiant.
Let go? Thank you, but I don't accept gifts from the likes of you. I have no time for fantasies. Waste of time. Too many people dream of places they'll never go, wish for things they'll never have, instead of paying adequate attention to their real lives. You're disgusting. You're not allowing young Mister Sisko in your holosuites, I hope. It better not be. Afraid not. I have no sense of smell. Opportunity. You're going to replace all your sexual holo-programs with family entertainment? You're still disgusting. Are the environmental controls broken down? It's snowing on the Promenade. We're looking at five or six centimetres down here. Disappeared but now there's a Gunji jackdaw running loose down here. (Looks more like an emu to me) Understood. Come along now, come along. There we go. [Quark's] (The dabo table is paying out generously when Odo enters) Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention, please? Ladies and gentlemen, and all androgynous creatures, your attention please! As you may have noticed, we're experiencing some difficulties. I'm going to have to ask you all to please refrain from using your imaginations. The phenomenon is being investigated as we speak. I'm surprised by your attitude, Quark. I'm surprised because every one of your customers is winning. They're taking you to the poorhouse. You're outnumbered, Quark. Pardon me. Pardon me. [Laboratory] I'll get on it as soon as possible. I've got my hands full right now. Clear the way. Get out of the corridor. Let them through. Clear the way, now. [Corridor] (Kira steps out of the turbolift and gets pushed back by a blast.) Clear the way now, clear the way. Please stay inside. This isn't a show. Get out of the way. Can't you see I'm busy. Don't scare them! Will you get off the street before (The birds are gone and the women are back.) Me? I've spent all my time chasing incarnations of the Prophets, long dead lovers, Gunji jackdaws, blizzards, trollops. Imagination, ha. Computer, run a level one personnel sweep of all pylons How did you get in there? I guess I did, didn't I? No imagination, indeed. Ha! [Sisko's quarters] (Sounds of a crowd at a game) Odo to Ops. Ops? Ops! [Ops] (Lights are down, monitors are flashing)
Chief, how are you doing?
Are you all right? Oh four hundred. Your hearing starts in four hours. I suggest trying to get some sleep. You've got a big day ahead of you. [Wardroom] (Admiral T'Lara (a Vulcan female) strikes the ship's bell six times.) You suspect that he wasn't just on an innocent passenger run. Not the smartest decision he ever made. I'll see what I can do. (Odo gets onto the turbolift.) Background on the Klingon transport captain. He'd never been in the military and he was known to his family and friends as a quiet, efficient man who was content in his position. No. I checked the flight plan the captain filed and the projected course was near the border. It would've taken only a very slight error in navigation for the ship to stray into the fight. Ah, that's the question no one seems able to answer. They're too willing to answer questions. That's the problem. I'm always suspicious of people who are eager to help a police officer. I'll keep looking. [Bridge] Captain. (Worf goes into the wardroom.) Bad. I checked the backgrounds of every passenger on that transport. None had any connection with Worf, or grudge against the Federation, or any motive for seizing control of the ship and attacking the Defiant. But I'm still not giving up. Good news. (Odo gives Sisko a PADD) [Wardroom]
And who am I going to be again? Santa Anna. (silent) Starfleet intercepted another Cardassian military transmission. Are you all right? Garak? Garak! Odo to the Infirmary. We have a medical emergency. Garak. [Infirmary] He had a claustrophobic attack in his shop. Better? Sewing? Why don't you join us for dinner tonight?
Well, it does effectively disguise your Bajoran heritage. Good luck. No luck? How can you be sure?
All right, Morn, you know the rules. No sleeping on the Promenade. Go home. [Quark's] (Morn can't get in because a private game of tongo is in full swing) Feeling a little overwhelmed, are we? When's Quark due back? You're better off. I don't have a brother. Not that I know of, anyway. Well, I suppose if I did have a brother, even one as worthless as Quark, I wouldn't let anyone come between us. [Pel's quarters] (Rom is ransacking the place)
I hope I'm not interrupting anything. I believe you know the way to the Security Office. [Security office] But you don't have a license to sell weapons, do you? It's a mere technicality. We both know what you're doing. And I promise you, you're going to face the consequences. Let him go? Captain! Attention all personnel. There are reports of phaser fire in cargo bay five. Seal the area.
Does that mean the drought on Balancar is over? And if there was a drought, he wouldn't need rain slippers. Something wrong, Quark? They're not just Starfleet officers, they're heroes. Let's face it, Quark, there's nothing heroic about earning profit. We're not on Ferenginar. (A waiter whispers to Quark.)
What? And we have specific regulations. You can leave the weapons or leave the station. Your choice. Please make it now. I'm the one giving you the choice. (They hand over the weapons) Welcome to DS Nine. [Commander's office] We have some new guests you might be interested in. A couple of Klingon sisters from the Duras Family. You know them, then. I ran a security check. The Klingons have them listed as renegades. Sitting. They went straight to Quark's, but not for the gambling and certainly not for the food. They're just sitting. Why don't I lock them up and call the Klingons to come get them. If they're enemies of the Klingon High Council? You know, Cardassian rule may have been oppressive, but at least it was simple. As you wish, Commander. [Quark's] (Busy as ever. Lursa and B'etor are on the upper balcony, drinking, while Garak is watching them from a table in a corner.) They seem to make friends easily. Our reformed Kohn-Ma, for example. Talking about a business arrangement. He's paying them for something. I don't know what. The gold is supposedly on its way. How do you know that? Do you want her to know about this? What can I do for you? I told you they'd be taken care of and they will. You know, there's one thing about you humanoids I can't imitate very well. Pretence. There's a special talent to it. It's as hard for me as creating one of your noses. More than you probably realise. And there's something you're not sure of now. Meaning? It sounds like you're trying to talk yourself into something. Or out of something. The only important thing is not to betray yourself. Are they? Your own people? Used to be. The Joranian ostrich hides by sticking its head under water. Sometimes even until it drowns. Odo to Sisko. There's someone down here in security who wants to talk to you, Commander. [Garak's shop] (The shop is closed and dark) Conspiracy is a crime. They're moving into the runabout. [Ops]
It's my back. It happened this morning when I got out of bed. I have Alvanian spine mites, don't I? I'll be in pain for the rest of my life. Really? Me? Ridiculous. You've never seen anyone sit so straight. This is how I've always carried myself. That's what you said last week. And it helped. That and the prune juice. It's none of your concern, Quark. Will you get out of here. Quark. What do you want? I don't think so. I know I don't want it. What are you talking about? (Quark takes out an elaborate bottle of blue goo.) It's not dead. It's sick. That won't be necessary. It's not going anywhere, Doctor. It doesn't know how. It's just a baby. (After the opening credits, the blue goo is on top of a pulsing devise, and just a bit is now orange.) Centuries ago, my people sent a hundred of us out into the galaxy so we could learn about other races. When I was found, I looked very much like this. Like a humanoid child, it'll grow. Its mass will increase as its shape-shifting abilities develop. When I was first discovered, I didn't know what I was. I had no memory of where I was from. I didn't even know I had the ability to mimic other forms. To find out if the species they encountered posed any threat. What better way to gauge another race than to see how it treats the weak and vulnerable? Several months. Why? Well, that being the case, I'd like to be allowed to work with it, to teach it how to shape-shift. Mora? Why? Maybe so, but I'd prefer to do this alone. I'll keep that in mind. (And later again, the goo in the cylinder is orange.) It certainly looks healthier. Mm-hm. Thank you, Doctor. How do you feel? Better? I realise you can't understand a word I'm saying, but that doesn't matter. I know you're aware of me. You see, I was once like you. I spent months in a lab being prodded and poked by a scientist who didn't recognise I was a lifeform. He thought I was a specimen, a mystery that needed to be unravelled. He never talked to me. It didn't occur to him. I didn't know what I was, or what I was supposed to do. I was lost, alone, but it's not going to be that way with you. No, I'm not going to make the same mistakes that were made with me. Come on, I want to show you something. [Birthing room] (Bajoran birth is more of a ceremony than an operation. Kira is semi-reclined, Y'Pora the midwife holds a round rattle, Keiko has a gentler cylinder rattle that she spins by rubbing the stem between her palms, and O'Brien has a small gong. Each plays them in turn. Like everyone else, Bashir wears a stole. O'Brien sneezes.) This is the Replimat. Humanoids come here to eat. They, we rather, need to ingest nutrients. This is my home. It's a space station. People of many different species live here together. After you've learned to take humanoid shape, I'll show you everything. You can live here too, if you want. It's a fascinating place. It's not a beverage. It's a changeling. Excuse me, Commander. (Odo leaves, and Worf looks at his drink suspiciously.) [Science lab] (Odo pours baby into a large dish.) There we go. Now, doesn't that feel better? Nothing like spreading yourself out after being cooped up in a jar, eh? You have no idea of the marvels that are in store for you. Do you know what you are? You're a changeling. A shape-shifter. You can be anything. A Tarkalean hawk soaring through the sky, or a Filian python burrowing deep beneath the ground. It's all yours for the taking. I was never a very good shape-shifter. If you could see the face I'm stuck with, you'd know what I mean, but I think I can be a good teacher. You'll be better than I ever was. And I promise I'll never treat you the way I was treated. Never. Doctor Mora. What are you doing here? I suppose so. What difference does it make how large it is? I thought you were on Earth, working with Starfleet on new ways to detect changeling infiltrators. Worried? Thank you for your concern, but I'm fine. Actually, Doctor That may have been premature. Don't do that! (Odo takes the device and turns it off.) Doctor Mora, I understand that you want to help, but I'm going to do this alone. Well then I'll just muddle through somehow. You did. I used to be able to change shape in almost any temperature. Well, I suppose I could take a look at your reports. Oh, believe me, I remember your tests very well. I have my own ideas about how to teach the changeling. Exactly. You don't think I can do it, do you? Well, in that case, why don't you stay and observe? This is a sphere. It's one of the most basic forms in nature. (Odo puts the marble into the baby's dish and sends it rolling around the edge.) See how it rolls? Interesting, isn't it? You're in my light. Now, this won't hurt a bit. Here we are. Here we go. Yeah, yeah. (Odo pours baby into a spherical glass.) Now, this is also a sphere. Feel its symmetry, the softness of its shape, the sameness. Now you try. (After a moment, he pours baby into the dish again.) There we are. I understand that you prefer to remain shapeless. Believe me, I remember how relaxing it could be. But you have to learn to take other forms. That's what changelings do. It can be immensely rewarding. I remember the first time Doctor Mora here coerced me into taking the shape of a cube with one of his electrostatic gadgets. Once I did it, and he turned the infernal thing off, I was perfectly content to stay a cube for hours. It was fascinating, all those right angles. Of course, he had other plans. Before I knew it, he had me spinning around in a centrifuge. Well, if you're not interested in a sphere right now, we can always try a cube. What do you think? All right, now, this is a pyramid. It's one of the most mysterious shapes in nature. (Time passes. Odo is pouring baby from cube to pyramid.) Now Mister Pyramid, here comes Mister Cube. (And later still, Odo scans baby in a cylinder, and lying flat. He shows the cylinder itself in a mirror, then starts introducing other shapes such as a spiral. Odo lifts the cylinder off and baby spreads out but with a small edge. Later, Mora is scanning baby when Odo enters.) What are you doing? Well, maybe I was anxious to grow up so I could get out of there. I'm trying to gain its confidence, not teach it tricks. You make it sound like it's my fault. That is pure speculation. Oh, you are just dying to get me into one of your contraptions, aren't you? I am not about to submit myself to another round of your experiments. Ha! The vacuum chamber springs to mind. The cytoplasmic separator. Come to think of it, the protein decompiler as well. I wasn't sure about you either. You enjoyed watching me suffer. If it wasn't for me, you'd be a nobody. Starfleet wouldn't hire you to judge a science fair. You'd love to get your hands on it, wouldn't you? You could sell tickets on the Promenade. Doctor Mora's Chamber of Horrors open for business. Right this way. (Sisko is in the doorway.) Captain. Making progress, sir. Sir. Understood, sir. Don't worry. You're going to get through this all right. There must be some other way. That's it. You've found it. Why not? [Kira's room] (O'Brien is giving Kira an ankle massage when Shakaar enters.) Now if I were you, I'd hold this shape. Otherwise you'll be in for a little shock. (Odo lifts off the cylinder and baby relaxes.) Wait a minute. (Baby goes back to being a cylinder.) Actually, the first two times I didn't hold my shape on purpose. I suppose I didn't want to give you the satisfaction. When he rose up. For a minute there, I thought he was going to say something. (Odo picks up a PADD) Oh, er, it's just that I've fallen behind in my security reports over these last few days. Of course I'm excited. I can't wait until I can actually communicate with it. There's so much I want it to see, so much I want to share. I remember. I wanted you to stop zapping me. That's not true. I respected you. You didn't know what I was. You were experimenting on what looked like a lump of organic residue. That's what I'd still be if it weren't for you. Something tells me no matter what we do to that changeling, it's going to have a more pleasant disposition than mine. It's just the way I am. Doctor Mora? (to replicator) Two glasses of champagne, please. We're celebrating. [Birthing room] (O'Brien finally gets the rhythm right.) Quark! What does it look like I'm doing? Have a seat. Yes, I am. Not at all. I am buying you a drink. Doctor Mora has gone to sleep, and I still feel like celebrating. I am happy, Quark. Can't you just accept that? There we go. Actually, I should thank you. It changed my life. Here's to you, Quark. Do you ever think about having children? You see, I never did. It seemed like too much trouble. But then fate dropped one into my lap and now I couldn't be happier. Cheers. It's strange. Over the past few months, I came to accept the fact that I'd never have any contact with my people again. They rejected me, they turned me into a humanoid. A part of me was lost forever. But that little ball of goo back in the lab changed everything. I feel as if I'm experiencing what it is to be a changeling again. And somehow, being a solid doesn't seem so bad anymore. Go ahead. Have Doctor Mora meet me in the science lab. What's happened? There must be something you can do. It has to work, it has to. Please, don't die. There's so much I want to show you. I was going to teach you how to become a Tarkalean hawk, remember? (Baby soaks into Odo's hands.) It can't be. I just wish it hadn't happened the way it did. I think I finally understand how much I meant to you and what you must have gone through when I left. I should have included you in my life. I thought the O'Briens were having a party. Oh? I think I know how you feel, Nerys. Yeah. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
They're an extremist faction who believe in Bajor for the Bajorans. The Circle's being supplied by the Cardassians. I borrowed the proof. It's got a Gul's thumb scan on it. They don't know it is the Cardassians. They think they've been buying from Kressari traders. Mister Sisko, Nog. This is no time to be fooling about. Get yourselves wherever you're supposed to be. [O'Brien's quarters] (O'Brien comes in carrying Molly.) He's been brokering seats on the evacuation vessels. I'll pass that on. He'll be so pleased to know that he has your confidence. I'll miss you, Quark. I'll miss the aggravation, the petty theft, the bad manners. A five-man unit is about to begin a search of the cargo deck. [Conduit 2]
Did you hear that? I could've sworn I heard something. (Odo opens an airlock door.) What are you doing here? You're under strict orders from Sisko to stay in the bar. The only reason you volunteered is because there wasn't any room on the evacuation shuttles for six hundred bars of gold-pressed latinum. Which still doesn't explain what you're doing out here in the docking ring. Your brother? His shuttle left three hours ago. Oh, please. Don't try to tell me you've been sitting out here all this time pining for Rom. And you'd betray him in a second if it suited your interests. And what if I refuse? That's because I released the docking clamps. (Kira takes on T'Kar while Verad runs away.) [Another Airlock] (Sisko is waiting inside this one)
You're up late. I see. Where is it? Risa, Casperia Prime? Well, Doctors always hold their conferences at sunny resorts. Well, don't forget to take plenty of sunscreen. (O'Brien arrives in his kayaking wetsuit.) Oh, let me guess. You dislocated your shoulder. (Odo leaves.) He's in there. (Sisko is in his office talking to someone.) No, he doesn't. (Sisko and his visitor come out.) I'll say one thing for this fellow Sloan, he's clever. He timed the Doctor's abduction to coincide with his trip to the medical conference. That way, he wasn't missed. Personally, I find it hard to believe they wouldn't. Every other great power has a unit like Section thirty one. The Romulans have the Tal Shiar, the Cardassians had the Obsidian Order. That won't be easy. If he's right and Section thirty one has existed since the birth of the Federation, they've learned to cover their tracks very well. Well, congratulations, Doctor. Looks like you're going to get to play a spy after all. Only this time, for real. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
What's the matter with you? Someone forget to leave a tip? Try.
Lwaxana? You've been crying. Why? Then those were tears of happiness? Who? What? Please, Lwaxana, try to be calm. Now tell me, why would your husband want to take your baby from you? And? And your child is male? But he changed his mind. So you ran away. Well, now that you've shown your husband how determined you are to be part of your boy's life, perhaps he'll reconsider his position. I appreciate your situation, and I would like to help. Unfortunately, I'm also a very busy man. I was about to suggest the very thing. I'll find out when the next transport leaves for Betazed. What do you want me to do about it? Ahem. Actually, I have some free time and I was wondering if you wanted to take a walk. I meant Lwaxana. No, don't apologise. I think I finally understand why you're so determined not to let your husband take the baby from you. Yes. Right next to yours. Of course not. [Odo's quarters] The replicator is right over here. I'll let Chief O'Brien know about yours. Gavaline tea. Yes. Actually, most people think it's a sculpture. Major Kira and First Minister Shakaar are involved now. Not at all. I'm happy for her. I don't think there's too much danger of that happening. What is it? I don't have any furniture. How are you feeling now? Ah. Well I think I know how that feels. Yes! Yes, I can feel it, too. I didn't have a mother. Lwaxana? Your replicator isn't really broken, is it? I'm sorry if I made you feel unwelcome. It's just my way. Lwaxana? (She's fallen asleep on him so he morphs his lower half into a pillow for her and his arm into a blanket.) [Corridor] (Jake rings a doorbell) Ah, ha. Got you that time. Well, now you do. Are you sure you're up to it? Really? Neither have I. Go ahead. Acknowledged. You know what to do. Stay here. I'll handle this. [Security office] I'm Chief of Station security. That's all the reason I need. And what of it? I find her remarkably clear-headed. She doesn't want to see you so you might as well turn around and go home. She is not going back with you. I hate to disappoint you, but Lwaxana has no intention of giving him up to you. I've been familiarising myself with Tavnian laws. It's well established that the male child is considered the property of the mother's husband. Not the child's father, the mother's husband. By the time Lwaxana gives birth, you won't be her husband. [Odo's quarters] If you take me as your husband in a legal Tavnian ceremony, your marriage to Jeyal will be automatically annulled and he'll lose his claim to the baby. It's not so much, really. We'll remain husband and wife for a few months, long enough to satisfy Tavnian law, and then get an annulment of our own. It's not as if I was planning to marry someone else. There is one thing I don't understand. Jeyal insisted on staying to witnessing the ceremony. Is that a problem? Well, I trust I can count on you to accept me even if I just stand there and read last week's Criminal Activity Report. You mean I have to convince Jeyal that I want to marry you? Ah. [Onaya's quarters] (The first person singular narrative continues apace.) So glad you could make it. If you don't mind, this is a very special moment for me. (Lwaxana enters, also in blue and carrying a lit globe. She stands on a podium in front of the window.) In keeping with Tavnian tradition, I stand before you, here in my home, among my worldly possessions and declare my wish to add this woman to that which is mine. She is as kind as she is beautiful, and I want her to be part of my life from this day on. Marry me, Lwaxana. Lwaxana is not just any woman. Not to me. Before I met her, my world was a much smaller place. I kept to myself. I didn't need anyone else and I took pride in that. The truth is, I was ashamed of what I was, afraid that if people saw how truly different I was they would recoil from me. Lwaxana saw how different I was and she didn't recoil. She wanted to see more. For the first time in my life, someone wanted me as I was. And that changed me forever. The day I met her, is the day I stopped being alone. And I want her to be part of my life from this day on. Marry me, Lwaxana. Let me into your light. Lwaxana? I say for all to hear that this woman is mine. If anyone challenges my claim to her, let them do so now. (nothing) I present to you my beloved wife. (They come down from the podium.) Are you all right? It would appear so. I thought you were planning on having the baby here? Lwaxana, you could deliver at any time now, and it's a long way to Betazed. You really should stay. Then why leave? Is that so wrong? Goodbye, wife. [Sisko's quarters] (Sisko enters with Jake's manuscript.)
Walking along rivers of lava, past walls of fire? Not likely.
Major. Ah. Let me guess. Decoration for my new quarters. That's very thoughtful of you. I suppose you'd like to see my new quarters. Ah. (He sighs, gives in and they enter.) [Odo's quarters] (No furniture, just objects, some very large) It's not really finished yet. This is just the start. I want to make this room into a place where I can explore what it truly means to be a shape-shifter. I don't use the bucket anymore. I've kept it to reminder of how I used to be. But now, when I need to regenerate, I simply revert to my gelatinous state anywhere in these rooms. Here, I can experiment with different shapes, textures. I can bring in various forms to emulate, and I can do it in private. No, please. You're always welcome here, Major. Stop! Stay where you are! (The runner lunges at Odo, who lets him pass through his body then reforms facing him. The young man submits to Odo.) What sort of specialists are we talking about, Commander? So they're going to study him like a laboratory specimen. So he'll be a well treated specimen. Fine. If you want answers about the Jem'Hadar, I'm the one who can get them for you. Let me get to know him. I'll be responsible for his conduct while he's here. He's already shown a certain deference to me. That's probably another genetic alteration implanted by the Founders to insure the Jem'Hadar's loyalty. I can keep him from harming anyone. Maybe not, but I feel an obligation to undo some of the damage that my race has done to this boy. And I also know what it's like to be a specimen in a laboratory. Oh, I'm sure they'll treat him very well. No one will risk harming their new prize. They'll be courteous, caring, treat him like he's among friends, but in the end he'll be just another specimen to them, something to be analysed and cataloged. Give me a chance to find out if he really is just a programmed killing machine or if we can help him become something else. Thank you, Commander. You can wait outside. I think everything is under control now. (Security leave, Odo turns off the forcefield.) Please, sit down. You don't look well. How do you feel? Addicted? Can you replicate this enzyme? Doctor Bashir is trying to help you. You should let him. My name is Odo. When your tests are done, I can get you out of here, maybe show you around the station. What do you want? Do you have any needs or desires of your own? Who? Me? Why? Let's just say we need to find other interests for you to pursue. For the moment, why don't you relax? Try not to be so tense. Take it easy. Smile. A smile, you know. (Odo demonstrates, but the Jem'Hadar version is more a sick grimace.) Well, we'll work on that. [Sisko's quarters] (Mardah and Jake are looking into each others eyes and about to kiss when Sisko brings in the food.) It seems logical that the Founders would've kept a supply of the enzyme aboard his ship. Hopefully Doctor Bashir can determine if this is it. I suspect it's another way of insuring the loyalty of the Jem'Hadar to the Founders. If your soldiers are addicted to a drug that can't be replicated and only you can provide, that gives you a great deal of control over them. My people don't even have blood, Chief. [Infirmary] How large of a dosage is required? You should rest now. We'll talk later. I'll be in my quarters. The doctor will take care of you. Well, it seems I have my first houseguest. [Odo's quarters] With varying degrees of success. Some forms are more difficult to emulate than others. Like this one. As you can see, I haven't mastered the humanoid face. I've found it to be quite challenging. That doesn't make me better, just different. No. That may be what your instincts tell you, but it's not true. No one on this station is better than anyone else. We're all equal. The first thing we have to establish is that I'm not infallible. I'm no different than you are in that respect. You have to begin to think for yourself, to make decisions based on what you want, not what I want. Do you understand? Now tell me, what do you want right now? Don't think about it. Just tell me the first thing that comes to mind. I can understand that. I was also found by aliens. I didn't know who I was or what my people were like. Yes, but sometimes the truth is not very pleasant. Computer, display Bridge Security log USS Defiant, stardate 48214.5, time index three one zero. (The boarding of the Defiant is on the monitor.) Yes. They're a race of brutal warriors, but that doesn't mean you have to be like that. You can channel your feelings of aggression in other ways. Computer, run programme Odo One. (A figure appears.) That's right. He can't be injured or killed. He's just a computer simulation. As strong as you want to make him. The computer will adjust his strength, agility, speed, anything you want. In here, you can indulge yourself. You can let your instincts take over, fight until you're ready to stop. But at a price. Out there you have to control yourself. You have to learn restraint. Learn how to live peacefully among other races regardless of how you may feel, learn to contain your feelings of aggression and violence. (Weapons appear.) Computer, increase difficulty to level two. (Bout two begins.) Computer, increase to level three. (Kira enters.) It was his idea. He feels safer around me. It's more than that. I think I've begun to form a real connection with him. He trusts me. I'm not trying to control anybody. I'm just trying to give him some choices other than becoming a laboratory specimen or a Jem'Hadar soldier. My body, mind and instincts were designed to be a Founder. You were trained to be a terrorist. But each of us chose to be something different. I just want to give him the same chance we've had. I'm well aware of the risk, Major. Computer, end programme. (This does not get a good reaction.) [Promenade - upper level] They're mostly curious, but they're also afraid. Is that all you can think about? Killing? Isn't there anything else that you care about? But there is so much more to life than that, so much for you to discover and experience. Go ahead, Commander. On my way. Wait for me in our quarters. (A deputy escorts the Jem'Hadar.) [Commander's office] Something's wrong. I thought we had an agreement. Listen to me. This is not the way. All right. It won't be necessary to hurt anyone. Commander Sisko will see to it that no one interferes with us. Where are we going? I don't belong there. I don't believe you do either. All right, but there are another options besides going to the Gamma Quadrant. We can find a place where neither Starfleet nor the Jem'Hadar will bother you. A place where you can grow and learn about yourself without worrying about being sent to some laboratory. It's a big galaxy. All we have to do is head out for unexplored space and keep on going. I am willing to do this with you, to help start you on this new life, if that's what you want. No, they're not. [Outside the airlock] (Sisko and security beam in) Let us go, Commander. I'm leaving of my own accord. I'll take the boy back to his people then return in the runabout. If he boards the Constellation when it arrives, he'll either kill a lot of innocent people or be killed himself. I don't believe he could injure a Changeling. Commander Sisko was trying to do what's best for you. He was trying to help you. Does that include me? Station log, supplemental. Starfleet has expressed disappointment over what it considers a missed opportunity to learn more about the Jem'Hadar. However, I am happy to report that with the boy gone, life on the station has returned to normal. [Promenade - upper level] (As Jake and Mardah walk hand-in-hand below.) Major, about the boy. You were right. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
My advice is to take what latinum you have left and walk away.
Good choice, Quark. I'm sure Morn'll do an excellent job, as long as he doesn't drink up all your profits. (Morn backs away) Very generous of you, taking Nog to Earth. So I've noticed. I'll be counting the days until you get back. Hello, Quark. Placing you under arrest for attempting to smuggle kemacite. Did you really expect me to believe that you were travelling all the way to Earth just to be nice to your nephew? That's right. And now I'm stuck here with you. Now listen carefully, because we don't have much time. Someone could come in any minute. Your ship is in a hangar on the other side of the base. It sustained some damage in the crash, but the engines are still functioning. If we're lucky, we should be able to use it to get away from here. How? What do you mean by a sufficiently powerful energy source? You mean like you. You do have a vivid imagination. But the only place we're going is back to our own time. I'll have the ship ready to go in six hours. And you're all going to be on it. We'll see about that. (Odo morphs back into the dog.) [Outside the building] (Denning arrives in a jeep) Can we please leave now? [Outside Hangar 18] Let's go, Quark. (The aliens leave.) Tell me again. What's going to happen when we get there? If this doesn't work, I'm holding you personally responsible. Rom, tell your brother it's going to be all right. What's that flashing indicator? You're going to have to wait longer than you think. Let's go. Taking you to a holding cell. Kemacite smuggling is a serious offence. Tell it to the Arbiter.
I'm sorry. There are people out there fighting, dying. People who used to be my friends. I know, but they still mean something to me. That's what I keep telling myself, but somehow I can't quite believe it. What are you saying? On what charge? No! No. Come in. I'll be fine here. Yes. [Corridor] (It's a running battle with barrels providing convenient cover.) Never underestimate the element of surprise. [Corridor] You have less than forty minutes to shut down the main computer. I'll head down to Security, create enough false alarms to keep them occupied. Any questions? I don't think there's time to explain it. Besides, I think you know the answer. (Rom heads off down a conduit. Kira starts to climb in too.) The Link was paradise. But it appears I'm not ready for paradise. Good luck. The Sisko has returned to us. [Quark's] The game must not end. Insufficient. That is a corporeal matter. He is intrusive. Welcome back, Captain. Easy. Easy now. (Odo helps Dukat out of the cell.)
What did who say? You mean using the monitors throughout the station to sell merchandise? Guess. Guess again. Maybe it's because he doesn't like you. Doesn't like you either. Oh, I could think of one or two things. Ha! (Odo walks off.) Station security is to be on maximum alert. I want random patrols of all corridors and periodic sensor sweeps of every level. Now, the Provisional government has agreed to send us a detachment of extra security personnel. This outlines how I want them deployed. Major. That'll be all. (Security leaves) I'm on my way to meet Chief O'Brien and Lieutenant Dax at the Mekong right now. I realise that, but I figure while you and the others are trying to rescue Sisko and the boys, someone ought to be there to look out for Quark. I do. But I'd rather see him in jail than in the hands of the Dominion. Believe me, Major, if anything happened to him, you'd miss him too. Make sure you do the same. [Runabout Orinoco] (WHOOSH as the big ship goes through with it's tiny escorts.) Or maybe it's a trap. Very good. [Runabout Rio Grande] We've lost our sensors. [Runabout Orinoco] Acknowledged. Madam, if you'll come with us
We're assuming that he came aboard the Defiant for the express purpose of gaining access to the Orb. The younger Darvin's mission was to derail Federation colonisation efforts by poisoning a shipment of grain which was, which is being stored aboard the station. However, eighteen hours from now, James Kirk will expose him and he will be arrested. (That's the plot of  Trouble with Tribbles, so here's the link for you. Now, let's just enjoy our 30th anniversary Trek show.) From what we've been able to piece together, he spent the next hundred years eking out a meager living posing as a human merchant. Then in a final indignity, he was trapped in Cardassian space by the Klingon invasion. It shouldn't take long to search. Security isn't as tight as it is on a starship. I'll have a raktajino. Klingon coffee. The second person? Who was the first? Where is he now? Tarkalean tea. Soothing isn't it? The bartender called it a (Odo shows him his new pet, which promptly starts screeching) Sit down. You're drawing attention. From a man named Cyrano Jones. He told me tribbles like everyone, but this one doesn't seem to like you. Interesting. It's been my observation that most humanoids love soft, furry animals especially if they make pleasing sounds. Calm down. This? A mortal enemy of the Empire? Wiped out? What are you saying? Another glorious chapter of Klingon history. Tell me, do they still sing songs of the great tribble hunt? (Red alert) [Enterprise corridor] We have reason to believe that he'll return to this area. Who? Gentlemen, no one's buying anyone a drink. Who ordered raktajino? Klingons? Mister Worf? I think we've got bigger problems than a case of mistaken identity. What are you doing? (The three are attacked by 'Klingons'. Only Odo stays out of trouble, along with a few bystanders and Jones who helps himself to drinks. Finally security run in and Jones gets his stolen drink taken back by the bartender. Odo spots a familiar face outside the door and helps Worf.) It's Darvin! (O'Brien and Bashir are rounded up by Enterprise redshirts.) [Captain's office] Welcome back, Mister Darvin. Worf, hold on. I hope you realise you'll be facing some very serious charges when we get back. I take it whatever your plan is, you've already set it in motion. To Darvin and realised he was a Klingon. He wouldn't say us where this tribble was, but he did say that it was set go off within the hour. [Enterprise corridor] Understood. But I think Mister Worf should remain here. It seems he's allergic [Enterprise corridor] Odo here. We've only been able to get through two decks. We're running out of time. [Enterprise turbolift] It's not a question of manpower, it's a question of multiplication. [Enterprise turbolift] It's worth a try, but there's no reason for us to stop searching over here. Did you tell them?
By the way, your gagh has arrived. Oh yes, and it's waiting for you in cargo bay two. Fifty one cases. Environmental regulations. Give my regards to Santa Anna. [Airlock] (Bashir watches as everyone disembarks.) [Captain's office]
The Cardassians are extremely adept at locating the source of any illicit subspace transmission. You already have. In on what? How reassuring. How?
Well, we'll see to it that he learns them. What's your designation? Is that a joke? No joking. That's my Rule of Obedience number fourteen. Now, what's your designation? I don't have a designation, sir. I don't have a designation, sir. Now why is that? You're here to process ore. Have you ever done that before? Have you ever worked in the mines? Then what have you done? Did you forget the Rule of Obedience number fourteen? Well, Doctor, don't forget to scrub before you operate. (Bashir sees O'Brien.) [Intendant's office] The Intendant informed me that you'd be inspecting the facilities. If there is anything I can explain? They all behave themselves when I'm in charge. Meal break is over. You're wanted in the bar. You're wanted in the bar by Mister Sisko. [Quark's] You're not accustomed to this workload, are you, Doctor? You have much to learn. It's a shame this is going to be your last night on the job. (Bang, hiss, alarm) Engineering, we have a thorium leak down here! Release the security locks! (The workers dash for the exit. Bashir gets a phaser off a guard and shoots Odo, who explodes in a messy splash.) [Corridor]
Oh. Er. If you'd prefer, I'll go and Of course. (Odo goes to the bar where Cicci is holding forth to other gangsters.) There's nothing to it, really. Bajor. Right. Turns out Frankie Eyes was sent to Vegas by a man named Carl Zeemo. That would be the skim. Me, too. Excuse me, Cicci. Could I have a word with you? Ezri, this is Tony Cicci. Ezri's new in town. She needs a job. Thanks, Cicci. I owe you one. I'm not sure he'd help. He thinks of you as his competition. (Knock on the door.) What do you mean, uh oh. We don't have time for uh oh. Well she obviously didn't know about it. Keep working. [Holosuite - Las Vegas lounge] Nog, it's been eight minutes. We're running out of time. (Still no success.) [Holosuite- Casino] (Al is still trying to end the phone call, and finally does. Bashir has a full house, Kings over eights.) Say goodbye to Frankie Eyes. Hear, hear. (O'Brien enters, putting his jacket on.)
If your memory and these prison records don't agree, then one of them must be wrong. Either the records or After ten years? According to this, you supposedly shared a cell with three other inmates. Maybe one of them can help us find out what's going on here. [Ops] We've interviewed all the residents in the vicinity of the Elemspur Detention Centre. One of them thinks he saw Kira walking up the old Cardassian road toward the Centre. Impossible for us, maybe, but not for you. Rescuing Kira would go a long way toward improving your standing with the Bajoran government. Commander, I just caught Garak snooping around the access corridor outside the main phaser banks. I'll take that. (Entek's weapon.) Thank you. (Kira disarms the guards.)
What about his hands? You're joking. I don't think he does. To be honest, I don't think she does either. Has he done this before? Oh, she slipped out the back with Bashir. I think they were holding hands.
Major, may I have a word with you? I'm afraid I have bad news. One of the former members of your resistance cell has been killed on Bajor. Latha Mabrin. It appears a small hunter probe was hidden inside a ceremonial candle and fired a disruptor blast. Too many. Before he became a Vedek, your friend was involved in some very questionable activities. I don't doubt that, Major. But it would appear that the violence of his past finally has caught up with him. Of course. [Kira's room] (Kira walks through the O'Brien's living room to her own bedroom. She is about to pray in front of her shrine when ) As you might have guessed, there's no point of origin listed in the computer log. That's my working theory, but I'm not ruling anything out. I'm waiting for the preliminary crime scene report from the authorities on Bajor before I begin my own investigation. But I'd like to increase security here on the station and initiate random checks on all incoming cargo. We're having trouble tracing the signal. Then why is she hiding her location? I believe she was killed by a remat detonator. It's a device programmed to scramble a transporter beam during rematerialisation. They're typically no more than two cubic millimetres in size. It could have been hidden in her clothing or injected into her skin. Since she was an informant, it stands to reason that Fala was killed because she was providing information to the resistance. Information that the Shakaar used to plan an attack on a Cardassian target. The killer is probably someone who was either injured or who lost a family member or a friend in that attack. Not any. We're dealing with an operation in which you played a prominent part. Now perhaps you could make a list of all the attacks by the Shakaar that you participated in? Someone is accessing the security database. No. (A picture of a Bajoran man appears) Where does Mobara live? I'm sending an emergency message to the authorities in Musilla. Maybe it's not too late. Are you all right? No apology necessary, Major. They haven't been able to contact Mobara, so they're sending a search party to the university right now. They'll let us know what happens. Major, if I may make a suggestion? Why don't you return to your quarters and rest for now? It may be several hours before they're able to make a complete search. You have my word. [Corridor] (A security guard escorts Kira. There's Starfleet security outside the O'Brien's quarters.) [O'Brien's quarters] (The guard goes in first, then beckons Kira in.) They found his body about two hours ago. Or at least what was left of it. Mobara had a micro-explosive implanted just behind his right ear. I doubt he was ever near Mobara. The killer's shown a pattern of using remote-controlled devices. He was probably using some kind of hunter probe and injected Mobara as he slept. Well, that was my initial thought. But a professional would never be sending anonymous messages. No, our killer is someone with a very personal stake in this. Someone who is trying to make a point to Major Kira. He'll try to kill her, too. [Ops] (Dax, Nog and Kira are working on the voice prints) Where's Kira? [Corridor] (She's running down the corridor.) Doctor, may I? Someone attached a small hunter probe to the hull of a Talavian freighter. When the ship docked at the station, the probe detached itself and then began a visual scan of every room in the Habitat ring. Once the probe found its assigned targets, it attached itself to the window and exploded. My sources on Cardassia have given me a list of possible suspects. They all have the computer skills, the opportunity and the motive to carry out these attacks. One or two. Twenty five. Not just yet. I'd like to narrow it a little. Something like that. I'm going to find the person that's done this. I promise you that. Absolutely. (Odo leaves. Kira gets up and goes to a console.) Computer, locate Major Kira. Damn. [Runabout] (En route, Kira gets a weapon and tricorder from the locker.) [Captain's office] She's obviously going after the suspects on the list, but she erased the names from my computer file when she got them so there's no way to know where she's headed. Are you all right? Why did he give you a sedative?
(to deputy) Take him to a holding cell. (The thief is hauled off) I'll need a statement. Unfortunately, these things happen. Really? Now let me see.  Stardate 46235.7, Ferengi privateers led by DaiMon Lurin boarded and seized control of the Enterprise using two salvaged Klingon birds of prey. Stardate 45349.1. Berlinghoff Rasmussen, a petty criminal impersonating a scientist, committed numerous acts of theft against the crew of the Enterprise. Shall I continue? I know these incidents are the exception rather than the rule, but if security breaches like these could happen on the flagship of the Federation, imagine the difficulty of maintaining security at an open port such as DS Nine. So do I, but I'm afraid you're just going to have to get used to it. [Rom's quarters] (Quark's employees are gathered.) You wanted to see me. Quark, I'm in no mood for games. What are you talking about? Sounds like there's no end to the problems you're facing. Well, I hate to admit this, but I agree with you. From what Chief O'Brien tells me about strikes, they sound like trouble. I don't like mobs. In my opinion, if you need one to get what you want, it's not worth getting. I'll do nothing of the sort. I know what I said. But I have strict orders from Captain Sisko not to impinge on your employees' freedom of expression. As long as they stay peaceful and allow your customers access through the second level entrance, I'm not allowed to interfere.
Let's go. To Security. You were talking, madam. He was listening. (And Martus is hauled away) [Promenade - upper level] I've been watching you ever since you arrived. Martus Mazur, a refuge from the El-Aurian system. Don't pull that routine on me. I know all about you El-Aurians. You're listeners. People like to talk to you. That couple from Pythro Five told me you asked for their financial access codes. Not when you invest it in your own business. A business that promptly folds. You're a con man. And they've signed a complaint. [Holding cell] The Pythron couple has refused to press charges. You can go. Who are you talking about? What's he done? Fortunately, I do. That elderly Pythron couple you assisted has had a change of heart. They've decided to press charges after all. [Holding cell] Inside. (Alsia enters the other cell) Ask him.
Mind if I walk with you, Commander? So do I, Commander. So do I. [Bridge] If we only knew where Kira was. If we could only be sure that she was all right. This war, Captain. It has to end. Captain? Captain? I take it they weren't bringing good news. We have two Jem'Hadar ships coming aft of us, bearing one three six mark four. Sir, the Cardassians. They're attacking the other Dominion ships. Have you seen these reports, Captain? The Dominion has begun destroying Cardassian cities. Millions of people are dying. Very glad. What about Damar? Captain, I should beam down there. The Founder will speak to me. I can reason with her. It's worth a try. Think of the lives it could save. Nerys. Yes. But you trust me. That's all I need to know. Garak. Thank you for seeing me. Believe me, I'm well aware that the Federation has its flaws, but a desire for conquest isn't one of them. The Klingon and Romulan Empires are in no shape to wage a war against anyone. Besides, the Federation wouldn't allow it. Yes. Perhaps I can change your mind. Link with me. If we Link, I believe I can cure you. Nerys, I know what I'm doing. Please, take my hand. All I ask is that you Link with me. Nerys. That won't be necessary. Will it? Don't worry, Garak. She won't try to escape. She's agreed to stand trial and accept responsibility for what she's done. [Dominion corridor] There's no need for that. I'm going in her place. Nerys, it's time I rejoined the Great Link. [Cardassia street] (The East End after the Blitz, and the winners are raising a toast in bloodwine amongst the fires in the rubble.) Soon. I could. Nerys. You know my feelings for you will never change, but I have to do this. My people need me. They need to know what I know, to learn what I've learned from living among solids. It's the only way they'll ever learn to trust you. Anything. I'd like that. I'd like that very much. [Holosuite - Vic's lounge] (It's a party, with jazz. Those extras are all people associated with the show.) You've certainly got a lot of choices. Not until we find your father. I'm sure. I've never been good at goodbyes. If they don't know how I feel about them now, a few parting words won't make the difference. That was the idea. Apparently not. Such as? No. I mean no. I have nothing I want to say to you. That's right. Nerys, I'll be on the runabout. Huh. (Odo goes through the airlock.) They're dying. Nerys, please tell everyone I'll miss them. Even Quark. But most of all You always said I looked good in a tuxedo. Then this is the way I want you to remember me. Goodbye, Nerys. (Odo walks backwards into the Link and waves farewell whilst morphing into it. His pool of orange spreads, turning the rest of the Link back from green to health.) [Captain's office]
Not again. [Ops] (The lights come back) Yes, I know. You're auctioning off some artefacts from the Gamma Quadrant. When are you going to realise that you have no secrets from me? And what makes them so select? I'll never understand this obsession with accumulating material wealth. You spend your entire life plotting and scheming to acquire more and more possessions, until your living areas are bursting with useless junk. Then you die, your relatives sell everything and start the cycle all over again. I have my work. What more do I need?
Officer Seelee has seemed distracted at work lately. I'm going to have to talk to her about this when I get back to the station. Frankly, Lieutenant, I fail to see any point in your story at all, except perhaps to illustrate the foolish humanoid preoccupation with romantic coupling. How fascinating. The Bolian woman who runs the jumja kiosk. She has a cousin who's interested in a career in law enforcement. Are you implying that Lysia Arlin is interested in me? Ridiculous. I would have noticed. You must be mistaken. Because women don't react to me in that manner. I consider Major Kira a friend. That's a very personal question. Huh. Is that unusual? Sensors aren't picking up any lifeforms. Lieutenant, I suggest we leave before we're discovered. Take all the time you want. [Quark's] (After hours. Someone rings the doorbell) Are we being accused of some kind of crime? I am a Security Officer and I've had enough of this. If we were guilty, we wouldn't even be here right now. I'll prove it. Computer, one to beam up. (Odo beams out and Colyus looks around, worried.) Twenty two missing people? Did they all disappear at the same time? Do you have any other suspects? I see. So, Have you scanned the area for signs of transporter activity? Maybe what you need is a little help. I understand your daughter is the latest victim. When was the last time you saw her? Taya? How can you be so sure? If you don't mind, I'd like to talk to your granddaughter. But it would help if I could talk to you about your mother's disappearance. The last time you saw your mother, did she seem upset about anything? Nervous, perhaps, or worried? I'd like to ask a few more questions. Hello, Taya. (the others run off) Remember me? We met last night. That's right. About your mother. I understand you were the last one to see her. Nothing happened to my face. I'm a shape-shifter. I just don't do faces very well. I have the ability to change my shape to look like other things. That's right. Well, I'm not make-believe. Maybe later. Right now I feel like talking. I wish it were that easy. When I was younger, people were always asking me to change shape for them. They'd pretend to be my friends, but all they wanted was to see me become a chair or an animal. None of them ever really cared about me. Some of them probably were. I'm glad to hear that. I never knew my parents. I've been looking for them a long time. How did she act when you last saw her? Has your mother ever gone anywhere before? A trip? Vacation? Never? Why not? I see. Why do you say that? Taya, I don't know where your mother is, but I promise you, I'm going to do everything I can to find her and bring her back to you. [Replimat] (Groups of rods are laid out on a table) From what I understand, you helped found this colony. This colony must be very important to you. You helped found it, you raised a family here. Then explain something to me. This colony's undergoing a serious crisis. Your daughter is among the missing, yet you hardly seem concerned. Are you sure you're all right? You seem to be in a great deal of pain. I can see it in your eyes. Perhaps you'd like to sit here for a moment and rest. I'm sorry. Actually, there is one thing I've been wondering. How come no one ever leaves the village? I haven't met anyone yet who's ever been outside this valley. Any idea why? How can you be so sure? Have you ever left the valley? When I asked Colyus if he searched outside the valley for the missing people, he looked surprised, as if he'd never thought of it before. I find that very peculiar. Where I come from, we would have searched the entire countryside. You're sure of that. The great Minra gobbled him up. The changeling in your story wasn't very smart. I suppose I could. And let you gobble me up? I don't think so. Wait here. Please, do as I say. Lieutenant, would you come with me? Taya, don't come any closer. Please, stay where you are. (And it's back again) Listen to me, Colyus. I know this is difficult to accept. I'd be sceptical too if I were you, but we have further proof. She's fine. Her arm rematerialised as soon as she pulled it back inside. Because none of you ever tried to leave the valley. Thank you, Taya. But what about the villagers? What about your granddaughter? Technically, I suppose you're right. Maybe by our definition, Taya's not real. Her memories are stored in a computer. Her body is made up of omicron particles. But who's to say that our definition of life is the only valid one. I'm sure if you asked her, she'd say she was real. She thinks, she feels. You said you created the village thirty years ago. Taya's only ten. Just like a real child. You had nothing to do with it. Maybe, but I saw the way you held her hand when she was sad. I saw the way you tried to comfort her when she was frightened. If she's not real, what does it matter? Why should it matter to you if a hologram cries? Don't you see? She's real to you, and she's real to me too. They're all real. And you can't turn your back on them now. [Sisko's quarters] Of course. (Rurigan goes back to where he was originally standing, Dax powers the device up and everyone and everything reappears.) Whoever it was did a fine job. I would like that. I'm glad. I'm afraid so. I'll miss you, too. Thank you, Taya. So do I. (Odo walks over to where Dax is waiting, then turns) Taya. (Odo briefly turns into a spinning top for her)
A glass of springwine. It's for Kira. She should be getting out of services any minute now. How was it? Two hours on forgiveness? Nothing. It's just that you spend so much time in services that sometimes it makes me wish I were a believer so that we could go together. Perhaps if I had an Orb experience? That's too bad. I have a feeling it must be very comforting to believe in something more powerful than yourself. But then I wouldn't get to go to services with Kira, would I. That's the whole point. This morning. She usually comes by my office before going to Ops. She had a visitor sometime after nineteen hundred hours. Whoever it was only stayed about ten minutes. (Worf enters.) A transporter beam? Any chance of tracing it? Three light years. For all we know, she could be deep inside Dominion space by now. [Empok Nor guest quarters] (The door is locked. Kira thumps it in anger. A few moments later, Fala enters.) I'm sorry about Vedek Fala. I suppose you'll never know. But one thing is certain. These people have been betrayed and now they have to find a way to pick up the pieces and move on. If you hadn't stopped him, he would've killed them all, and no one would have known his body wasn't among the remains. That sounds like the same old Dukat to me. Who knows? Maybe he was.
We can try, but I don't think there'd be much of a station left by the time they got here. I wasn't informed about any special security arrangements. Odo. Head of station security. May I ask what your function is here, Commander? You needn't brace yourself to give me unpleasant news, Commander, I'll save you the trouble. I've been relieved as Chief of Security. (Odo stalks out without waiting for an answer.) [Corridor] And what about matters that are Starfleet? Coordinate is another way of saying I'll report to him. I'm sure it wasn't. You were just following orders. May I ask why? If I was given the authority I asked for instead of being tied to Starfleet regulations, there wouldn't have been any security breaches. I think there might be a simpler explanation, Commander. I think Starfleet decided to bring in someone they could trust, someone besides the shape-shifter. Commander, I don't require your understanding. My resignation will be logged within the hour. [Sisko's quarters] (Jake is enjoying an I'danian spice pudding when Sisko enters.) I'm no diplomat. You're the military expert, Major, not me. And I doubt that the Provisional Government contacted you and asked for my presence on this mission. If I'm not mistaken, this is a misguided attempt to make me feel better. Is this the best you can do? I have been holding this shape for sixteen hours. I have to revert back to my liquid state, but I don't want you to watch and gawk at me. (growls) I have no interest in speaking to you, or in listening to your witless prattle. So stay out of my way, or you'll regret the day you ever met me. [Bridge] What is that? The Omarion Nebula. I'm not going to the Bridge, so you can save your breath. And I'd appreciate being left alone right now. Are you the ship's counsellor now? Well, you can return the favour by giving me a shuttlecraft and letting me go. The Omarion Nebula. I'm not sure why. I just know I have to, that's all. Ever since we've come into the Gamma Quadrant, I've had this feeling of being drawn somewhere, pulled by some instinct to a specific place. The Omarion Nebula. I don't know. No. Not after we've contacted the Founders. Now! I have to leave now! Are you all right? We've got to get to a shuttle. If main power is out, then the shields are out, Kira. The ship is defenceless. (Jem'Hadar beam in and the hand to hand fighting starts.) [Bridge] (The place is a wreck) You're in a shuttlecraft. You were wounded. Try not to move around. The ship was boarded. You were wounded in the attack. I managed to get us to this shuttlecraft, but I don't know much more than that. The last time I saw the Defiant, she was dead in space and surrounded by Jem'Hadar ships. I don't know. Approaching the Omarion Nebula. You didn't object at the time. Yes. [Planet surface] (They've landed in the permanent night of the planet, by a orange glutinous sea. They go to the shore and three figures form themselves and come out of it. A fourth emerges and goes right up to Odo.)
Understood. The Commander and I would like to have a word with you. It's just a theory at this point and frankly, our suspicions are based on purely circumstantial evidence. Kasidy Yates. (After the titles, when this stunning piece of news has sunk in.) I certainly hope so. Smuggling with intent to supply a terrorist organization is a serious offence. Five months ago, Captain Yates was hired by the Bajorans to carry cargo to their outlying colonies. One of her regular runs is from Bajor to a colony on Dreon Seven. It's a twelve hour run for most ships, but she always takes eighteen. The six hour difference is just enough time to allow her to make a side trip into the Badlands, rendezvous with a Maquis ship and then continue on to the Dreon System. And Captain Yates has been living aboard the station for just under six months. We haven't made accusations. I said we have suspicions. Captain, I realise this is an awkward situation for you, but if I could step up my surveillance of Captain Yates? We'll let you know. [Springball court] (There's quite a crowd watching an energetic game. A player thumps the opponent into the wall then scores the winning shot.) Captain, we need to make a class two inspection of your cargo before we can allow you to leave the station. Temecklian virus. There've been some reports of an outbreak on Bajor, so we're scanning all ships and cargo before they leave the system. I'm afraid the rules are very strict. No exceptions. Six hours. Captain, Mister Eddington and I have discussed this at length, and we both feel that if the Xhosa makes another rendezvous with a Maquis raider, we should seize both vessels and arrest everyone aboard. Not yet. But our sensors are extremely limited in the plasma fields. This is wrong. Terrorists don't work this way. If your contact doesn't show up for a rendezvous, you leave. You don't stay in the Badlands going in circles for five hours. I think she's already made her delivery, and you were the cargo. Think about it. If anyone but Kasidy Yates was on the Xhosa, would you be commanding this mission yourself? I'm not sure, but one thing's certain. We're not going to find the answers sitting here staring at the viewscreen. If that's true, why didn't you abort the mission? You realise we'll probably never see the Xhosa or Captain Yates again. I'd say it's more than that. If I'd been allowed to leave a security detail behind As you wish. [Airlock] (At an upper pylon.) I doubt they'll find it. Eddington anticipated every contingency. I'm sure he had his escape route well planned.
What would you call yourself, Doctor? Quark brought aboard a shipment of Regalian fleaspiders without an import permit. It's not that simple any more. It seems that Quark took the opportunity to import illegal Regalian liquid crystals along with the fleaspiders. The crystals are a highly intoxicating and sometimes dangerous aphrodisiac. Gentlemen. [Crash site] (The wreck has been cleaned of loose material.)
This is the fourth theft of equipment from upper pylon three this month. It's not the security arrangements that are at fault here. It's our friend the Chief of Operations. It's what he's not doing. He still hasn't finished upgrading the structural integrity field on upper pylon three, so half the bulkheads are torn open. A child could find a way into those cargo bays. Sometimes it seems as though he's not anywhere at all. Oh. Growing fond of the Chief, are we? You've always liked the Chief, but Miles is a different story. How so? Which part? Which part of his family are you? Sister? Daughter? Cousin? Of course. And I'll refrain from making any further disparaging remarks about the Chief. I mean, Miles. [Quark's]
My security array has been down for two hours. I'll meet you there. All right, just stand where you are. Who the hell are you? I don't allow weapons on the Promenade. That includes phasers. (The next actor played Trek's very first Ferengi - Armin Shimerman is back!) The boy's in a lot of trouble. I'm curious myself. The man is a gambler and a thief. You are a thief. Seems reasonable. You have all the character references of a politician. And a thief. You know, at first, I didn't think I was going to like him. [Promenade] (Kira is across the way in her 'shirt sleeves', hefting debris into a skip.) This is a security matter. I'm in charge of security. Major, I was found in the Denorios Belt. I don't know where I came from, no idea if there are any others like me. All my life, I've been forced to pass myself off as one of you, always wondering who I really am. Well, the answers to a lot of my questions may be somewhere on the other side of that wormhole. You coming? (A runabout takes off.) [Observation lounge] Doctor, most people in my experience wouldn't know reason if it walked up and shook their hand. You can count Gul Dukat among them. Dukat, these people are trying to save you from a lot of trouble. So much for reason. [Park] (Ben and Jennifer having a picnic) Quickly now, quickly now. Calmly. Calmly. Come along. [Ops] Have you seen that doctor of yours anywhere? [Ops] Look, Doctor, maybe I should find you someone
Ha. Well, let's just say I find it odd that a conduit running behind Garak's shop should just happen to overload. I wouldn't be surprised. It stands to reason that a man with Garak's past would have enemies. Nitrilin is extremely unstable. This could be the residue from a micro-explosive device planted on the conduit and rigged to cause a rupture. Exactly. A simple tailor? A simple tailor who used to be an agent of the Obsidian Order. She doesn't. But if she wanted you dead, you would be. You expect us to believe that's the reason you were exiled? All right, then. I'll investigate the leads you've given us. If there's anyone else you think I should talk to, let me know. I have bad news for you. Major Kira has an airtight alibi. I thought you might want to look over the passenger manifests of ships that recently came to the station. Exactly. I suggest you start with the most recent arrivals and work your way backwards. (Garak sits at Odo's console.) I'm not about to leave you alone in here so you can look through my security files. Of course. The bomb could've been planted days ago, even weeks. I suggest you keep going back just to be sure. I should think you'd have plenty of time on your hands, now that your shop is no longer open for business. This looks like the remains of a pheromonic sensor. It's triggered when a person of a particular species gets within range. They're known to be favoured by Flaxian assassins, and it just so happens a Flaxian came aboard the station just this morning. [Wardroom] So, Mister Retaya, your papers indicate that you're a merchant. According to my information, you were a suspect in the murder of Dekora Assan, on Japori Two. This is your sample case, I take it. Ah. How fortunate. As it happens, I'm looking for a gift for a friend. Exactly. Unfortunately, I don't have a sense of smell. Perhaps you could describe this fragrance for me? We have a Cardassian tailor here on the station named Garak. There was an explosion in his shop not long after you arrived. Not seriously. Tell me, where were you when the explosion occurred? I see. And how long were you at Quark's? Almost. I think she would like something both floral and musky. Perhaps if we mixed these two? But on the other hand, she's also quite fond of spicy things. Maybe we could add a drop of this as well? Let's find out. (Retaya puts his hand over the dish.) Much less the fact that when these three fragrances are combined, they produce a gaseous mixture that can trigger a fatal heart attack when inhaled. Then why did you stop me from mixing them? I'll let you know when you can leave the station. [Promenade - upper level] You're sure he won't find it? If I knew that, I wouldn't have to follow him. [Runabout Rio Grande] (Odo enters to find Garak in the co-pilot's seat with a duffle bag on his lap.) What makes you think I'm going to follow him? Congratulations. Your powers of deduction are truly astonishing. Now, if you will kindly disembark, I will get on with my dogged investigation. Forgive me, but are you making a joke? Cardassian humour escapes me. Perhaps, but I don't require your company on this trip. I am not interested in debating your usefulness to me Rio Grande to Ops. Request permission to depart. The tracking device is working perfectly. Well. It seems that our interesting trip has just been cut short. [Wardroom] The Romulans. They use neutrino inverters in their explosive devices. One possibility is that the Romulans hired the Flaxian to kill Garak and then killed the Flaxian when he failed in his mission. It's only a supposition, but it fits the available facts. He's telling the truth, Commander. He doesn't know why the Romulans would try to kill him. Because if he did know, he'd already be spinning out an elaborate web of lies to cover up the truth. Is it. One more thing. How long had the Tal Shiar been looking for Retaya? Isn't it curious that you finally caught up with him here, just hours after he attempted to kill Mister Garak? No. I don't know. Considering those uniforms of theirs, you'd think they'd appreciate a decent tailor. At a standstill. We don't know that the Romulans hired the Flaxian. We don't even know that it was Retaya who tried to kill Garak. All we do know is that a bomb went off in Garak's shop. A very strong possibility, Commander. Unfortunately, he's rather uncooperative when it comes to answering questions about his past. Ordinarily, yes. I have certain resources in the Cardassian Government. I'd rather not. But I would like to request the use of a runabout. Thank you, sir. [Cave] (Don't you just love the way all tunnels are tall enough for a person to walk along easily? A shadowy figure stands on an upper ledge.) Where are you? I need some information. Yes. I wasn't going to ask you that. I think the Romulans tried to kill Garak. My question is why. What do you mean? Sounds like they're preparing for an invasion. Does war ever make sense? No, I don't. Five operatives were killed yesterday? Quite a coincidence. I take it you think the Romulans had something to do with their deaths. That still leaves us with the question why? I'll do that. Agreed. I'll consider it. [Security office] I take it you're not going to mourn their passing. So you did know them? In the Obsidian Order. I've had enough of your dissembling, Garak! I am not Doctor Bashir and we are not sparring amiably over lunch. Now, you dragged me into this investigation and you are now going to cooperate with me. You blew up your own shop, Garak! Well, I don't think I've ever seen that particular expression on your face. Is it surprise? Drop the pretence. I knew as soon as I spoke with the Flaxian. Assassins don't like varying their methods. He planned to poison you. I think you spotted him on the station and then blew up your own shop so that I'd begin an investigation. But you couldn't be sure that I'd take you seriously. Or that I'd help you. Besides, I think you secretly enjoyed destroying your own shop. Whether or not you want to admit it, you pulled me into this case and now you're stuck with me. I want to know who those men were and what your connection was to them. Enabran Tain. The former head of the Obsidian Order. Do you have any idea why the Romulans would want you all dead? That is, unless he suffered an unfortunate accident as well. By all means. (Garak starts tapping at the console.) That's an interesting way of scrambling a signal. Maybe he realised someone was coming after him. We'll need a runabout. I'm coming with you. [Corridor] We've cleared the station. Now if you'll be kind enough to let me know where we're going, I'll set a course. How do you know that's where Tain has gone? That woman, Mila. Who is she? She seemed almost fond of you. I could believe there's one but I wouldn't expect it to be someone who worked for Enabran Tain. As I understand it, the two of you didn't part on the best of terms. Then I don't understand Exactly. All right. You owe him something. But it's more than that. He means something to you. Something personal? You're not the kind of man who would go to such lengths simply to repay a debt. That remains to be seen. You wouldn't risk going into Cardassian space for just anyone. It would have to be someone important to you, someone you cared about. I think you were more than Tain's advisor. I think you were his protégé and he was your mentor. That is, until he sent you into exile. And yet, despite that, you care enough about him to risk your life for him. Or is all that just supposition? Oh? Is there any point to this? If there were, I certainly wouldn't tell you. I'm taking us out of warp. We're approaching the Unefra system. (beep) I'm detecting a subspace energy surge directly above us. A vessel of some kind is decloaking. (A big green meanie appears.) It's a Romulan warbird. They've locked onto us with a tractor beam. Take the helm. I'm going to try to send out a distress signal. They're jamming our transmission. I don't know. I'm going to hail them, see what they want. (Two armed Romulans beam in.) I wish I could say the same. I seldom waste time speculating about retired spymasters and their associates. Frankly, I don't find any of this interesting. You both go to such lengths to hide the true meaning of your words you end up saying nothing. I take it you're not on a mission of peaceful exploration. You're going to attack the Dominion, aren't you. You're going to stage a first strike against them before they can come into the Alpha Quadrant. If you attack the Dominion they'll certainly strike back. You'll be taking Romulus and Cardassia into war. A war you may not win. You seem to know a great deal about me and my people. Starfleet has shared their intelligence on the Dominion with the Romulans. It's a trick, Garak. After all this, he won't let you just walk away. Garak, this is the man who put you into exile. This is the man who just two days ago tried to have you killed.
I am fully aware of Quark's activities and I'm conducting a thorough investigation of his connection with the smuggler. If you'll excuse me, Captain. Bajoran Intelligence believes the Klingons are searching for weaknesses in the star systems along their borders. I assume this is about Quark. Has he? Which are illegal anywhere but on the Tallonian homeworld. Interesting. I appreciate you bringing me this information, Commander. That would seem likely. Thank you, Mister Worf. Rest assured I'll take care of this matter. [Laboratory] (It is evening now. Bashir has rock samples on a table. A guard walks by.) I don't need you to tell me what I'm supposed to be doing. I perform my duties as I see fit. Frankly, Commander, I'm not interested in your opinion of my job performance. Now I suggest you attend to your own duties and stop interfering in mine. [Laboratory] (Daylight. Bashir is giving Goran'Agar a full scan.) A very good question. I should arrest you for interfering in my investigation. I don't report to you, Commander. And I don't spread the word when I'm conducting an undercover investigation. I also thought that your surveillance would make the setup more convincing. I'm not interested in this man. He was supposed to complete the transaction and take the latinum back to his ship, so that I could infiltrate the entire Markalian smuggling operation. Now I suppose I'll have to settle for the middleman. Quark. (Quark gives Odo gem stone and walks away.) On your feet. Let's go. [Jungle clearing] (O'Brien does something clever with his tricorder by a tree then covers it with leaves and hides from the search party.)
When did this happen? I'm not sure I have an opinion on the subject. Excuse me. I need to regenerate. (Odo leaves.) Hello, Nerys. I came up from the surface as soon as I heard you were here. I learned to counter the barrier's effects a long time ago. It's good to see you. I've gotten better at shape-shifting over the years. You're as beautiful as I remember. You can't know how I've longed to hear your voice, see your smile. There's something I want you to know. Something I've wanted to tell you for two hundred years. I love you, Nerys. I've always loved you. Is it so hard to believe? I did everything I could to make sure you wouldn't find out. I didn't think you could possibly care for me the way I care for you. I suppose I was afraid of ruining what we had. Our friendship meant everything to me. It still does. Maybe I shouldn't have said anything. No, I can't say I enjoyed it, but I wanted to be a good friend to you. Nerys, I didn't come here expecting you to throw yourself in my arms. But you're leaving here in two days. I'm never going to see you again. All I'm asking is that you spend some time with me. Gaia is a very beautiful place. I'd love to show it to you. If the Prophets were listening, they're probably very confused. Why? Thanks to Yedrin's plan our timeline is being preserved. You're going back to the station for the treatment you need. I know exactly how it makes me feel. You can't know how much it means to me to know you're going home, Nerys. It won't change anything for me. I lost you two hundred years ago. But for the other Odo, up on the ship, it changes everything. He doesn't have to lose you. And somehow, knowing that makes me feel better. Does that make any sense? I have changed. And the Odo you know will change too, if you're patient with him. Why did you want to come back here? Sure about what? But not this time, Nerys. The Captain's taking you back to DS Nine. You can't do this. You have to go home, Nerys. You have to. What about the children who'll never be born because the Defiant doesn't return to DS Nine? Nerys, just tell me one thing. If you'd known how I felt about you, if I'd said something years ago, do you think things might have been different? There's something you should know. The other Odo, the one from the planet, came to Sickbay before he left the ship. He linked with me. Now I know everything that happened. I'd come to accept the fact that you were involved with someone else, then suddenly everything changed. So am I. I think we both need time. There's something else the other Odo wanted you to know. He was responsible for changing the Defiant's flight plan. So that you wouldn't have to die. He did it for you, Nerys. He loved you. I don't know. He thought so. I'll see you in the morning. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Gentlemen, I suggest we get everyone out of here as soon as possible. Well? Don't you have something to say to me? I knew you were behind it. And I said it was a bad idea. So you went ahead and did it behind my back? How do you expect me to take it? I spend my days sitting on the Council with Dukat and Weyoun, doing whatever I can to make sure Bajor survives this war intact. The last thing I need is to have you running around causing mayhem. Do you have any idea what Dukat would do if he found out you were behind it? It's all the excuse he would need to throw every Bajoran off this station. There are limits to what we can do. Are you questioning my loyalties, Major? Answer me. Are you questioning my loyalties? It's all right, Nerys. I may as well hear what she has to say. What of it? You're a long way from home. Here to keep an eye on the war effort? Then what brings you to Deep Space Nine? Well, that's ironic, considering what happened the last time we crossed paths. And now that I'm a changeling again, you come here as if nothing ever happened? Well, I haven't forgiven you. What about the present? You're waging a war against my home. I'm quite content here, thank you. I'll have a security detail escort him to your office. Now, if that's all. (Odo gets up to leave, and the Founder enters.) As a matter of fact, they do. It hasn't been easy. Now if you'll excuse me, I have some work to do in my quarters. To become a thing, is to know a thing. You tried to teach me that when I visited our homeworld. I didn't understand what you meant by it at first, so when I returned the station, I got rid of all the furniture I used to have in my quarters and replaced it with these objects. I've assumed every shape in this room. I suppose if it weren't for you, I never would have known the simple pleasure spending time existing as a stone or a branch. I couldn't. And I haven't regretted it. I do think about the Link from time to time. I can't. Aren't you going to tell me I shouldn't waste my time with a solid? I wish I didn't. I'm so vulnerable to her. All she has to do is smile at me and I'm happy beyond reason. A minor disagreement between us and I'm devastated. It's absurd. Sometimes I wish I could reach inside myself and tear out my feelings for her. But I can't. I don't want your pity. What I need is some peace. Come in. Nerys. She was here but she's gone now. She didn't want anything. I know how you feel about her, Major, but there's no reason to be concerned. Actually, I did. She didn't find out about the resistance, if that's why you're worried. The Link isn't about exchanging information. It's about merging thought and form, idea and sensation. She's not manipulating me. I Linked with her. If she had some hidden motive, I would have sensed it. She's just trying to teach me about myself, about what I'm capable of becoming. Who knows? By Linking with her I might be able to make her understand that the Federation doesn't pose a threat to her people. If you could experience the Link, you'd understand the effect it has on my people. You'd realise that anything is possible. I'm only beginning to understand it all myself. I still have so many questions. Now that she's here, I have a chance to find some answers. All right. I won't. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to get to work. I'll see you at the resistance meeting. (Kira leaves, and he goes back to staring out of the window.) [Bridge] I'm not sure it's a good idea. Defector? I can take them offline for about five minutes if I run a security diagnostic. I'll run the diagnostic as soon as I get to my office in the morning. Have our people always been shape-shifters, or was there a time when we were like the solids? On the homeworld, are you always in the Link, or do you sometimes take solid form? A cloud. How many of us are there? I'm sorry. But there's still so much that isn't clear to me yet. You have to understand that the Link is very overwhelming for me. Right now, it's easier to talk. Even so. You haven't told me your name. To differentiate yourself from the others. But you are a separate being, aren't you? When you return to the Link, what will happen to the entity I'm talking to right now? And if you choose to take solid form again? Ah, yes. I think I'm beginning to understand. One. And many. It depends on how you look at it. Tell me. I can't. I promised Kira. It's difficult to explain. I know. I was in the Link. I didn't forget. It just didn't seem to matter. It has nothing to do with me. If you could experience the Link, you'd know why nothing else matters. It did once. I wish I could make you understand. But you can't. You're not a changeling. No, not really.
Commander, I'm sorry if the Klingons are unhappy, but station rules are station rules. He threw one of his men off that crossway. As opposed to the Bolian Ambassador. K'retok only missed her by a centimetre. Sir. Understood. (Sobbing.) The wedding is off.
Captain. Nerys, I've been looking for you. Don't you want to hear my side of the story? Somebody has to maintain order on the Promenade. I'd hardly call it an arrest. He wasn't in the holding cell for more than an hour. Besides, he broke the law. Fundraising on the Promenade without a licence is strictly forbidden. Station regulation fifteen twenty six, paragraph seven. A very worthy cause. Nevertheless, station regulations are quite clear. Is that the Orb of Contemplation? A little. I heard. And I'm sorry I arrested him. I was simply trying to do my duty, but I can see how it might have seemed excessive. Vedek Solis. That's why you're here, isn't it? I haven't been avoiding you. I've been helping you to avoid me. Because you don't want us to be together anymore? Are you saying that you love me? Which is? But you're no longer angry at me? I see. That's a wonderful idea. I look forward to that. You know, Nerys, observing humanoid relationships and being in one are very different things. We'll be waiting. What makes you say that?
Not yet. Just docked. For the moment, maybe. But do you see the one on the left wearing the necklace? Those are neck bones. Cardassian neck bones. [Airlock]
Usually, when we come to events like this, you're the one who has to remind me to smile. I wonder why they decided not to have a Bajoran ceremony? I hope the Prophets forgive them. Well done, Nog.
Whatever it was had to get by the scanners. My best guess is a compressed tetryon beam weapon. Rom says it was a robbery attempt. He says he doesn't know, but he knows. Do? Oh, you'll have a lot to do once this place is yours. Wives serve, brothers inherit. Rule of Acquisition number one hundred thirty nine, if I'm not mistaken. Really? I had. Because it's a solid motive for murder. I've had my eye on you for a long time, Rom. You're not as stupid as you look. Stay out of this, Commander. I know these Ferengi. They'd sell their own flesh and blood for a Cardassian groat. Well, you'd better tell his son that Dad's going to the lunar prison on Meldrar One. Two hundred degrees in the shade. What kind of list? Found? You... [Promenade] Who? Just his share of the profits. How many years ago? The chemist shop? Here? This is where you found the box? You asked to see me? Have we? Ah, yes, when the Cardassian High Command was invited to view me. Was I? The Bajoran scientist who worked with me thought you might find it entertaining. He made me practice for weeks on the Cardassian neck trick. I simply felt I could learn more outside a laboratory. Just what is it you need, Gul Dukat? Yes. In your mines. Me? Why me? I'm no investigator. I have no intention of being a Cardassian agent. There's a difference? There's very little justice in the Cardassian occupation of Bajor. I suppose I'm considered a neutral observer. Are there any witnesses? [Memory - Storage room] (A pseudo Security office, pro tem) No, I don't use chemicals. I'm sorry for your loss. Do you have any idea who might have done this? You do? That might be helpful. Believe me, I have no idea. You loved him very much. Then, perhaps you could explain something I don't understand. Mister Vaatrik was found dead two hours ago. Mrs Vaatrik hasn't shed a tear. By necessity I'm an observer, Mrs Vaatrik. When a humanoid cries, the epidermis below the eyes swells noticeably. Your epidermis is perfectly normal. Of course. So, you were about to accuse this other woman of the murder, I believe? And when he broke it off with her, she killed him in a jealous rage. Do you know her name? When was the last time you saw Mister Vaatrik alive? You don't live in community quarters. I'm sure he disposed of the weapon before he left. Rom said it had been hidden there during the occupation. I've been wondering the same thing. Security log, stardate 47284.1. In this job, there is no unfinished business. The assault on Quark reopens a five year old murder case that I've never, not for a moment, closed. Patience is a lost virtue to most. To me, an ally. [Security office] All right, all right, let's just relax for a moment. He's not dead yet, Rom. No, he's clinging to life all on his own. All right, let's try again. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Clear your mind of everything in it, if there's anything there. Breathe. Breathe. Now, what do you see? Yes? The past, Rom, not the future. The box opens. There's a piece of paper inside it. Quark unfolds it. There's a list of names, Bajoran names. The one at the very top catches your eye. And the first letter is? And the next letter is? Skip to the last letter in the name, Rom. Starts with a C, ends with an O. An apostrophe? You're sure? Maybe? Call me day or night if you remember something else. Might be the first name on the list. Remember anyone from those days on the station with that name? So I recall. We never had to. You were innocent of the crime I was investigating. It mattered to me. [Memory - Bajoran soup kitchen] Do you mind if I join you? A pretty girl like you shouldn't be eating alone. No, you misunderstand. I'm sorry, of course I can see how you could. Let me start over. How did you know that? Unofficially, I suppose that's true. Gul Dukat asked me to investigate the murder of a Bajoran man named Vaatrik. I understand you knew him. His widow. Did you? On the contrary, you were in love with him. But he was in love with you. It doesn't sound like much of a romance. Then why would he tell his wife that you were? If you were having an affair, I promise you I'll find out about it. I'm sure he had good reasons. No Bajoran would talk to them. Where were you last night? You haven't spent any time in the mines. Your hands. You're not allowed to quit those jobs. What happened? I appreciate your restraint this time. You're not planning on leaving the station soon? Yes. I don't choose sides. You knew nothing about a list? Why would your husband have hidden a list of Bajoran names? No. Someone on Bajor told Quark where to find it. Don't write his eulogy yet. He's still with us. He was shot at point blank range. The Federation doctor saved his life. Does the name Ches'so mean anything to you? Oh, just someone I'd like to talk to. Thank you for seeing me. Oh, there was one other thing. I understand your power was recently terminated for lack of payment. Yet you were able to transfer funds to the power company this morning. Just part of a routine investigation. If you could tell me where you got the money? Of course. And your friend's name? Good. Then you won't mind giving me the name. Who is he? What makes you think he's our man? I'm responsible. I mentioned the name Ches'so to the Vaatrik woman. If she recognised it as Ches'sarro, and thought he might lead us to her. Security to the Infirmary. Major, I need some help. Advise the Medical Examiner that I want a complete autopsy on Ches'sarro, and that his death is to be treated as a suspected homicide. I'll need the communication records for the Vaatrik home for the past fifty-two hours and have the Central Bank keep a supervisor on duty all night. I'll need several bank records as well. I don't know yet. (The security guard enters) I want round the clock armed security on Quark. No visitors. I'm looking for the proprietor of this establishment. No. No. I don't drink. I don't drink. I'd like to ask you a few questions about the death of the Bajoran chemist. I'm not working for Dukat. I'm just trying to solve a murder. Not anymore. I'm checking on the alibi of a young Bajoran woman, red hair, named Kira Nerys. She says she was here last night How long was she here? Long enough for what? No, I don't. Why don't you tell me. Is that some sort of sexual reference? The problem is you're lying. I want the truth otherwise I'll just turn you over to Gul Dukat and he can get it for me. She paid you for an alibi? I wonder how Gul Dukat will react when I tell him about that. Not yet. You'll get your name when I'm certain it's the right name. Quark is stable. The list. No, I assembled it from the Vaatrik woman's communication records. She's been talking to each of these people a lot. Odd thing is, she'd never talked to any of them until two days ago. Interestingly, every one of them has transferred exactly one hundred thousand Bajoran litas into her bank accounts within the last twenty six hours. Blackmail. For one thing, that they'd come out of the occupation with that kind of money. Selling out their own world for a profit. Collaborators. Not even a Ferengi would do that. It explains a lot of things. Not yet, but I'd like to bring her in for questioning. With your permission, I'll ask the local Bajoran authorities transport her here. (Muscle man finishes his drink and leaves) Where were you when he was murdered? No one saw you in the community quarters. You're lying. Don't bother. Your whole face changes. I should have seen it before. You don't lie well. So why don't you start telling the truth? I'm not going to play your game. No. No, that's why I was given this job. That's why all of you always come to me with problems. I'm the outsider. I'm on no one's side. All I'm interested in is justice. If you're innocent, you'll go free. If you're not, I'll turn you over to Cardassian authorities. That's the only choice here. Twenty one? Ore processing? The ore processor was damaged by a sub-nucleonic device at twenty five hundred hours last night. It'll be out of operation for two weeks. That's why you needed an alibi from Quark. I told you when I have the name No. You can go. If you know as much about me as you say you do, Gul Dukat, you know I don't lie. I am convinced that she did not kill Vaatrik. [Infirmary] Odo to Bashir. Report to the Infirmary immediately. (Security restarts the life support. Rom is still screaming.) It's over, Rom, over. You're a hero. You saved your brother's life. (Rom screams again, and Quark smiles.) [Holding area] (Trazko is in a cell) Really? Your communications records indicate that you made several calls to his home, and received several as well. Certainly. I'll make arrangements for you to speak with him. Meantime, the two of you can introduce yourselves to one another. (Kira leads Pallra into the second cell) I know. [Security office] The possibility occurred to me when you got the name Ches'sarro so quickly. Your friends from the underground must have already suspected him of being a collaborator. Once I knew the eight names were a list of collaborators the murder of Vaatrik made sense for the first time. He must have been a collaborator too. He had the money for ginger tea. He had the private quarters. I never had a motive for his murder until now. He kept his wife in relative luxury. She surely wouldn't have killed him. So who would kill a Cardassian collaborator? Someone in the Bajoran underground, of course. You were here to execute him. That must have been why Dukat chose me to investigate. He had to stay as far away from this incident as he could so as not to endanger his network of Bajoran sympathisers. I misjudged you, Major. You were a better liar than I gave you credit for. I haven't been for more than a year. You've had all that time to tell me the truth. That might affect our friendship? Maybe it doesn't have to.
Tell me, Quark, am I mistaken or is business a little slow today? Who knows, if things don't improve you may be forced to close down. Let's just say, without you around my job would be considerably easier. All right, that's enough. I said, that's enough. (A painful shoulder grip sends Asoth on his way) Well, another satisfied customer. Why not get O'Brien to fix them? He has the replicators on the command level working perfectly. No telling when that will be. The Chief's a very busy man. (Odo leaves) Quark, what is going on here? It looks like business as usual, but that's impossible because all shops and business have been closed until further notice. For which this place hardly qualifies. They'd be safer in their quarters. Yes, very fortunate. [Promenade upper level] Unauthorised access to crew quarters is a crime, Quark. You could have just asked to use the replicators. You claimed Rom fixed your replicators. Rom's an idiot. He couldn't fix a straw if it was bent. You can thank Quark. I caught him using a replicator in one of the vacant crew quarters. He was producing his entire menu out of there. Which means? That's eighteen years ago. I suppose the Bajoran underground could have smuggled it aboard during construction, before I took over as Head of Security. Maybe they forgot. Besides, even if she finds who did this, that's no guarantee they can help us. That's assuming they ever bothered to create one. [Ops] Any luck? It has nothing to do with my reputation. The truth is, I never learned the game. That's correct. Some other time perhaps. Sisko needs me in Ops. And since the entire security force stricken with aphasia, the Promenade in a very vulnerable position. Consider it a warning, Quark, because I'm holding you personally responsible if anything turns up missing. Is that understood? Look, Sisko. I'm a security officer, a good one, but that doesn't make me qualified to help you run station operations. Better let her go, Sisko. She's all we've got. (Kira leaves) Let's just hope there's someone left to greet her when she returns. [Hospital ward] You'd better take a look at this. We have activity on docking port five. I think a ship is about to depart. He's not reducing power. What's wrong? His aft isolation plate buckled. And take half the docking ring with it. [Runabout] No response. His comm. lines are down. Got it. (A burning bridge is on the viewscreen) His fire control systems don't appear to be working. I hope you feel better than you look. Why don't we explode the mooring clamps. The blast should push the ship away from the docking ring. I'll do it. What was that? Oh, I see. [Runabout] To anyone who can hear me. This is Odo. Sisko's infected. I could really use some help here in Ops. Quark, am I to believe you're volunteering to help? I need to get to docking port five now. That ship's going to explode in five minutes. You? All right. Witnessed? You mean to say you never handled the controls yourself? Yeah, tell me about it. I know, I know. (Second clamp released) [Ops] Try not to sound too disappointed. [Ops] Come on, come on. Station log, stardate 46425.8. With the help of Doctor Bashir's notes, Doctor Surmak was able to find an antidote for the aphasia virus. We are continuing to administer it throughout the station, and things are slowly returning to normal. [Ops]
You're very good with him. According to the archaeologists I talked to, the portal was built by a civilization that vanished two thousand years ago. Which means if Molly survived the fall, she would have found herself all alone. The first Bajoran colonists didn't arrive till the turn of the century. With any luck, the Chief will be able to beam her out a few minutes after she fell. She'll hardly know she was gone. [Meadow] On stun. Odo to Doctor Bashir. We have a medical emergency in Quark's. [Captain's office] He's filed charges against her. Assault with a deadly weapon. I tried to tell him that but he wasn't interested in hearing excuses. As far as he's concerned, she's dangerous and should be incarcerated. Find out if Deputy Pinar has regained consciousness. I'm going to need his statement. (Lieutenant Jones leaves.) I'm disappointed in you, Chief. If anyone could break a prisoner out of a holding cell and get them off the station, I'd have thought it would have been you. (Odo opens the airlock door for them.) On your way. Go. [Portal chamber] (All the tech stuff is gone except for lights.)
All right, Quark. Start at the beginning. You killed him? Thank you for putting my mind at ease, but I didn't come here to protect the patrons from your violent temper. I just thought you'd like to know who it was that you killed in self defence. His name was Kozak. By all accounts a thoroughly disreputable character, a notorious drunkard. Isn't it? I thought that you would also like to know that Kozak wasn't just some drifter passing through. In fact, he was the head of a Klingon family. A rather powerful family from what I can gather. Now, do you want to change your story or do you want to wait for Kozak's family to show up and ask to see the Ferengi bartender who killed him?
An entire evolution of a species might have taken place in the last few hours. You can't just wipe out a civilisation. We would be committing mass murder. I don't step on ants, Major. Just because we don't understand a lifeform doesn't mean we can destroy it.
That's correct. I was contacted by a government official this morning. They want to build a reclamation facility on a strip of land owned by four different people. Three of them have agreed to sell, but the government doesn't know how to reach the fourth, this Noh-Jay Consortium. Apparently not. I think very little goes on here without your knowledge. Are you telling me you're not involved?
Business is good, Quark. You're almost making an honest living. The wormhole does bring them our way, doesn't it? And I'm sure you've already tried to sell it to a few of them. (Raised voices at an upstairs table) I'll never understand the humanoid need to couple. Choose not to. Too many compromises. You want to watch the karo-net tournament, she wants to listen to music, so you compromise. You listen to music. You like Earth jazz, she prefers Klingon opera, so you compromise. You listen to Klingon opera. So here you were ready to have a nice night watching the karo-net match and you wind up spending an agonising night listening to Klingon opera. What could they be going on about like that anyway? Who does? (Sisko and Dax are on the upper level, and Quark makes an appreciative growl) Don't even think about it. You might as well try to find a drink of water on the Yadozi desert. Besides I'd say our new Commander is interested in her. Things change. How long has he been here? I don't want you on this station. I decide who has rights and who doesn't on this Promenade. I don't have to check with anyone. You have twenty-six hours to get off this station. [Promenade upper level] His name is Ibudan. He used to run black market goods through here to the surface during the Cardassian occupation, gouging his fellow man who needed medical supplies and so forth. Some Bajorans actually considered him a hero, but I saw him let a child die when the parents couldn't afford the drug that would've saved her life. A few years back, he killed a Cardassian officer who wanted a payoff to look the other way. He went to prison for murder. I sent him there. The Provisional Government let him go. Killing a Cardassian isn't considered much of a crime nowadays. I can get him off my Promenade. Watch me. The law? Commander, laws change depending on who's making them. Cardassians one day, Federation the next. But justice is justice, and as long as I'm in charge of security. The door opened only twice. The first time when the computer logged Ibudan's check-in at seventeen hundred hours, sixteen minutes. The suite was secured so no one else could enter. He ran Lauriento massage holoprogram number one oh one A. Thirteen minutes later the door opened for the second time, but since Ibudan obviously didn't exit, we have to assume that's when the killer left. No. Double accommodations? I want a record of all the passengers on board. Computer, how many entries made from this terminal during the last seventy eight hours. Show them to me. (Stardate 46383 Secure for departure, Depart from Alderaan spaceport, Lifeboat drill, Lunch meeting with Della Santina, Tennis holodeck 2, Dinner, Ship's concert.) Take me to stardate 46384 (Subspace conference - Gocke, Meeting with Zarro - project analysis, Lunch with Moudakis, Tennis holodeck 3, Arrival DS9, Disembark, Shopping at Promenade, Tennis holodeck 2, Meeting with Ahern, Lunch at Quark's Place, Transit Aid, Back up computer files, Prepare project review report, Odo.) [Sisko's quarters] It's not. Unless the murder was committed by someone who could get through the cracks in the door. Say, a shape-shifter. [Ops] It's a pretty neat package. His calendar shows he was planning to meet with me at the time of the murder. No one except a shape-shifter could get into the holosuite. And since I'd obviously be called there after the body was discovered, traces of my DNA wind up at the scene of the crime. Major, I have to return to my natural state every eighteen hours to regenerate. To be quite honest about it, I was in a pail in the back of my office when Ibudan was killed. Like I said, a neat package. I can think of about five hundred different people, but I haven't seen any of them around the station recently. Do you think that Federation doctor could do a sweep of Ibudan's quarters for me, see if he can find out if somebody else was using that second bed? Thank you, Major. [Quark's] Do you have any idea what they're from? What would Ibudan be doing with a biological sample container? Translate, Doctor. He wasn't a doctor or a scientist. And what does that mean? Here. Acknowledged. (Bashir puts his sample into a large vat) [Commander's office] Commander? Who will be taking over the investigation? Will that be all, Commander? Really? Now how can that be true? You don't know me. You have no reason to believe that I wouldn't kill Ibudan if it suited my fancy. So don't tell me there isn't some doubt inside of you, some question about whether or not I murdered the man. I'll take care of my own best interests. [Promenade] Not for me. Tell it to Starfleet. I'm not in charge here any longer. You'd better take advantage of my absence while you can, Quark. You do and I'll You're going get sloppy without me to keep an eye on you Sure. I've turned you into a better crook. Quark, think you could use a shape-shifter in your organisation? I did, didn't I. What? And then he killed the clone to frame me for his murder. What happens to this one? Let's hope he doesn't follow in his donor's footsteps. I have an idea where to find him. [Shipboard quarters] (The bearded man in the hooded cloak enters) Oh, I think you know. Do that. I have some interesting questions to ask them. For example, I'm especially curious to know how the name Lamonay S came to appear on this ship's passenger list yesterday. You did not arrive on this ship. Well, just what ship did you arrive on, Mister Lamonay S? I can't find any record of your arrival on any vessel that has docked here in the last three weeks. In fact I think you did arrive on this ship, and that you spent the last few years in prison among Bajoran dissidents, one of whom I've learned was a scientist who was arrested by the Cardassians for conducting experimental research into tri-phasic cloning. (Odo stops Lamonay leaving and pulls off a mask to reveal Ibudan) Killing your own clone is still murder. Commander's log, stardate 46421.5. Ibudan has been turned over to the Bajoran authorities just hours after his clone gained consciousness and began a new life. The perpetrators of the mob violence have retreated into their own business. To my knowledge, Odo has received no apologies. Meanwhile, life on the station has begun to return to normal. [Schoolroom]
You're deluding yourself. An allergic reaction, no doubt. Dax? She has ten lifetimes worth of friends to call on before she calls you. And every man on the station would like to be buying her a raktajino. She seems to prefer spending most of her time alone, which I understand perfectly. I wouldn't intrude on her privacy, as some would. Why do you bother? Even things you can't have? Like the deuridium shipment? I'm watching you, Quark. How I handle my business is none of your concern. [Promenade] There's nothing to discuss. Security is already in place. If you insist. Meet me in my office at seventeen hundred hours. [Ops] Think nothing of it. None at all. Lieutenant, you're welcome to see my plans, but I assure you I've taken every precaution regarding the shipment. However, if you have any suggestions, I'd be happy to hear them. (Database services not available) What? Odo to Ops. Major, are we having some [Ops] That's impossible. It makes perfect sense. Try to access the single file and you'd be stopped by a dozen different lock outs that I put in to protect it. To L twenty one, S ten. We're looking for a subspace crossover link to the computer system. Commander, may I have a word with you? [Commander's office] My resignation. Oh, so you already know about this. You asked me to stay in charge of security when you took command of this station. I did not ask you. Yes, I've noticed that. Constable. Very cute. I don't need anyone's affection. I do need clear jurisdiction or I am out. You've got that straight. Understandable. Tell him that. Who's in charge? I can live with that arrangement. [Laboratory] I could assign some personnel to maintain continuous surveillance on Kajada. At the very least, she has to be left out of our security plans. Nothing. She'll figure it out. When she does, send her to me. [Security office] Because I ordered it. My own special variety. I'm sorry. I believe it's necessary at this point to limit access to the security files to four people. Myself, Lieutenant Primmin, Major Kira and Commander Sisko. I can't give you that information. What about him? I always keep an eye on him. She had an odd feeling you might be helping someone hijack this deuridium shipment. It's not an inference. It's a definite suspicion. Not so fast, Quark. I want to take a look at that third floor before you get rid of all the evidence. You'd better make this the last check. We've only got an hour. Where's Primmin? I sent him to help you make the final security sweep of the docking area. What the hell are you doing in there? I told you to sweep the docking bay again. From me? I'm not following. And? I already did that twice today. Another subspace crossover shunt, just like the one Vantika used when he tapped into the computer. This would have shut us down for close to an hour. Commander, your Lieutenant Primmin there just saved us all a lot of problems. Another subspace crossover that would have crippled us long enough for them to escape with your deuridium. No. But you'd be risking a hull breach and with all the deuridium on board The shields are down.
Finally. The last time I spoke with Kira, she wanted to know when I'd be rejoining her. Didn't I? But how did I get it? By whom? I don't care whether they meant to kill me or not. The reality is the Federation set out to destroy my people. Don't split hairs with me, Doctor. They used me as an instrument to try to commit genocide. Now we may be at war with the Founders, but that's no excuse. And what does Starfleet intend to do about it? [Sisko's quarters] Then they're abetting genocide. Well, I can see there's no point protesting. The decision's been made. You have my word. Interesting, isn't it? The Federation claims to abhor Section Thirty One's tactics, but when they need the dirty work done, they look the other way. It's a tidy little arrangement, wouldn't you say? [Quark's]
Forgive the intrusion, Mister President, but as you can see, Starfleet has every right to be concerned. Captain, have you ever heard of a group called Red Squad? That explains it. Well, according to this transporter log, a group called Red Squad was beamed back to Starfleet Academy twenty six minutes after the State of Emergency was declared. That's why I brought it up. But if they're cadets I suppose Starfleet wanted to get them out of harm's way. Which means they weren't bringing Red Squad home for their protection. Well, that certainly raised more questions than it answered. [Sisko's restaurant] (Joseph's having his regular security blood test done by a young blonde.) And are you sure that this cadet is telling the truth? I take it that you gave him a blood screening. Well then, let's say he is telling the truth, that his superior officers ordered him to sabotage the power relays. That still doesn't rule out Dominion involvement. For all we know, his superiors have been replaced by changelings. And Starfleet has fortified Earth. I see your point, Captain. So let's say you're right. Starfleet officers have sabotaged the power grid. What are you going to do about it? It seems to me, if they have committed treason against the Federation, the Federation that you swore to protect, you won't be turning against them. They will have turned against you. [President's office] Several months ago, I learned from one of my people that changelings had infiltrated the Federation. Not long after I gave this information to Starfleet, reports indicate that Admiral Leyton led a contingent of high ranking officers to meet with you and recommend implementation of sweeping security measures meant to protect Earth. It's no secret that Leyton disagreed with you, and despite your calls for calm, his concern about the Dominion threat continued to grow. We believe that Admiral Leyton and his supporters weren't satisfied with the limited security procedures you authorised. They were convinced that extraordinary measures were necessary to counter the changeling threat. Not to mention effective. Think about it. The power grid fails, and the next thing you know Starfleet security officers are on the streets of every city, armed with phaser rifles, blood testing citizens at random. With that, you could force Leyton to stand down, make him withdraw the troops. What do you mean you couldn't find him? I'll be in the next room if you need me. (Odo leaves) It's all yours. I suggest you hurry. I doubt it'll take them very long to discover that we're here. Everything I know I learned from Quark. (Leyton's code is Leyton 1 Omega 47) Do you recognise any of these names? And now they're all in key positions here on Earth. They all take effect on the fourteenth. Do you think there's any connection? We should get them off Earth as soon as possible. (Download complete. Doorbell.) Good night, Captain. (Odo leaves) Sisko's not the one you should be worried about. I am. Come here. Odo disarms the Chief and neck-pinches the Security woman unconscious.) Well, it wasn't that difficult, considering I helped you revise the security measures for this building. The Defiant is on its way to Earth. It was just as you suspected. They even found the officer responsible. Lieutenant Arriaga. They've put him on the Defiant. (The forcefield comes down) What about you? Right. [Leyton's office] Would you be happier if they'd stayed? Am I the only one who's worried that there are still changelings here on Earth? He means well.
Actually, I've cancelled my trip. There's been a seventy five percent jump in the theft of medical supplies and food rations on DS Nine. I haven't seen such an increase since Since just before the Cardassians were forced to abandon the station. Sir. No, there is no record of a Doctor Giger being assigned to those quarters. The who? His what?
Major. Come to see Akorem speak? I'm surprised to hear you call him that. Yes, but two days ago you believed Captain Sisko was the Emissary. Does that mean he never really was the Emissary? But they can't both be. Forgive me, Major, I don't mean to be difficult, but your faith seems to have led you to something of a contradiction. I don't understand. He fell from the second level. His neck was broken on impact. Was it an accident? We are of Bajor. They are linear. For the Sisko. Allow him to die. He would remember nothing of what has happened.
I have been getting complaints about the noise. Someone even mentioned a fight? How long will this party continue? You're in a good mood. Well. I agree. Now? (to the deputies) Enjoy yourselves. Is the party over? So am I.
I thought I might find you here. The new security protocols you requested. Well, that's understandable.
What would you like me to do with it? Very good. The Romulans, the Miradorn, the Tholians. The Dominion is making impressive inroads in the Alpha Quadrant. If we try to stop those convoys, it may very well start a war. Major, I'd like your permission to terminate all outgoing subspace communications. This is no time for security leaks. I've prepared a number of false messages we can transmit at random intervals so there won't be any noticeable drop in our outgoing subspace traffic. I'd appreciate that. Major, there's something you ought to know. I've been thinking about asking out you to dinner. I could tell. You've looked a little uncomfortable around me lately. Which is why I wanted you to know I'm not going to do it. No dinner invitations, no flowers, no attempts at changing the nature of our relationship. Until the current crisis has passed, we both need our minds to be clear, to be free of any unnecessary distractions. Well, I don't know about you, but I feel more comfortable already. Captain's log, stardate 50975.2. The next Jem'Hadar convoy is due in five days, but our efforts to mine the wormhole have already provoked a response from the Dominion, who have sent their Vorta Ambassador, Weyoun, to speak with me. [Wardroom] What I am is useless. My entire staff has been evacuated to Bajor. Ha. I'm sure if the Jem'Hadar board the station, you'll make yourself useful. You'd shoot a man in the back? And now you regret it. The Defiant's away. Message acknowledged. I'm not here as a Founder. I'm the station's Chief of Security.
Good afternoon. I assume this is the problem? Then why did you run? Oh? And why would that be? Marritza. Aamin Marritza. He's not on any list I've seen, Commander, and I've got them all. Try to stay out of trouble for a day or two, will you? I've begun a background check on Marritza. So far he is what he says he is. He boarded that Kobheerian freighter at Kora Two, where he's worked as an instructor at a military academy for the past five years. Don't worry, Major, I intend to. I've checked with the Bajoran archives, and they do have a Marritza on record as being a filing clerk at Gallitep. I also checked with the military academy on Kora Two. Marritza has been teaching filing there just as he claims. Here, this will help. Maraltian seev-ale from Quark's private stock. Better? Quite a few, no doubt. But thanks to you, there's one less out there now. Why don't you go to your quarters, and lie down for a while. We'll leave him alone with his Cardassian pride. He won't be laughing very long. Perhaps you should avoid discussing your personal history with a creature like that. Then how did he know you were with the Shakaar? That doesn't explain it. If he'd been in charge of quelling Bajoran resistance, then he might have had your name on file. But he commanded a forced labour camp. Something's not right here. Where are you going? Computer. Review all off-station requests for information regarding Major Kira Nerys within the last eight months. Survivors of Gallitep. They arrived early this morning. I suppose they're waiting for justice. Doctor, I need your help. Three months ago, a request came from Kora Two for information concerning Kira Nerys. I'm not sure, but the name on the request was Aamin Marritza. I've established a subspace link with Kora Two and I'd like you to access his medical history there. Could you route it to my office. As I recall, Gul Dukat, we played one game and you cheated. That's not possible. Then who are we holding here? That innocent citizen has admitted he is Gul Darhe'el. He says his name is Gul Darhe'el. Well if he is, it's the most foolish lie he could have invented. It's likely to get him executed. Why would anyone do such a thing? You're sure the man you saw buried was Gul Darhe'el? I saw a photograph of Darhe'el taken at the Gallitep labour camp. It certainly appears to be the man we're holding. Am I? It's possible. Give me access to your files and perhaps I can find some proof to support your claim that Gul Darhe'el is dead. I think that's wise. [Holding cell] Major? Could I have a word with you? [Security office] Doctor Bashir and I have done some checking. I don't know why yet, but the man in that cell wanted to be caught. [Commander's office] This certificate of death was in the file sent to me by Gul Dukat. Nor would I. However Major, the man in there has Kalla-Nohra Syndrome. According to the evidence I've been sent, Gul Darhe'el never contracted that condition. Darhe'el's progress reports from Gallitep show that when the mining accident occurred, he was back on Cardassia being awarded the Proficient Service Medallion. Correct. But the man we're holding does have it. I'm afraid there's more, Major. I inquired about his last two weeks on Kora Two. He resigned his position at the military academy, put all his affairs in order, and even provided handsomely for his housekeeper, I understand He specifically requested passage on a vessel that was scheduled to stop here, at a Bajoran station. A rather unusual request for a Cardassian war criminal. Which is?
Some kind of implant? What's it for? Maybe so, but I never bothered to look inside their skulls. Do you think this is the cause of Garak's condition? Maybe it's some kind of punishment device. A parting gift from the Cardassian government. Interesting. I wish I had an answer for you, Doctor. Now what makes you say that? No need to explain, Doctor. The direct approach seldom works with people like him. This could answer some of my own questions. Quark has sent several coded messages to Cardassia Prime in the past few days. I routinely monitor all of Quark's subspace communications. It's in the best interests of station security. Doctor, do you want to know what Quark knows or not? Then meet me in Security at oh two hundred hours. Quark always makes his clandestine calls after the bar closes. Should I? The Obsidian Order. That certainly complicates things. They're the ever-vigilant eyes and ears of the Cardassian Empire. It is said that a Cardassian citizen cannot sit down to a meal without each dish being duly noted and recorded by the Order. People have been known to disappear for less. Whether you agree with their goals or not, you can't help but admire their efficiency. Even the Romulan Tal Shiar can't compete with them when it comes to intelligence gathering and covert operations. I wish I knew. I have a better question. If the implant is a punishment device, then why is Garak trying to get his hands on another one? Either way, I'd like to have a talk with him when he wakes up. Doctor, I was hoping I could ask Garak some questions. Doctor, I need to talk to him as soon as possible. I have four cases left in my homicide files which I'm almost certain were committed by the Obsidian Order. If Garak was a member he may be able to shed some light on them. How long? In that case I want to talk to him now. Wake him up. Doctor, these are murder cases and Garak may be a suspect.
You'll survive. We caught him. Or rather I should say Major Kira caught him. Certainly not me. Which makes me wonder what could've pushed him over the edge? Witnesses say you were talking to him right up to the second he went berserk. And that's all you said? And that's when Morn hit you with a barstool and ran out onto the Promenade screaming, 'We're all doomed.'
Though I don't fully understand this humanoid obsession with rank and title, if anyone deserves to be promoted, it's you. Communications systems standing by. Captain, we're receiving a priority one distress signal from Barisa Prime. Audio only. We've lost contact. It's no use, Captain. They're gone. Captain's log, supplemental. We've been unable to re-establish contact with Barisa Prime. Therefore I've no choice but to assume we are at war with the Tzenkethi. [Bridge] Captain. I'm having trouble getting through to Starfleet Command. There seems to be a power fluctuation in the communications system. So you're going to scan all the members of the crew for tetryon particles? He's still here. He won't leave until he's completed his mission. Maybe the real Ambassador never came to Deep Space Nine at all. Which is no doubt what my people are hoping for. A war between the Tzenkethi and the Federation would destabilise the Alpha Quadrant, making it that much easier for the Dominion to move in. I'm not sure the sensors would help. If you scan me when I'm a rock, you'd detect a rock. I may not be able to duplicate a humanoid perfectly, but I'm guessing he can. Thank you for your cooperation. Hopefully this will be over soon and you'll be able to return to duty. (Forcefield is in place.) All right, let's go. [Sickbay] I don't use them. Besides, in the history of my people, no changeling has ever harmed another. I'd hate to be the first. You may be right. But I've been a security officer most of my humanoid existence. And in all that time, I've never found it necessary to fire a weapon or take a life. I don't intend to start now. Stay here with the Chief. Phasers have been set low enough to avoid damaging equipment, but high enough to affect the changeling. No, I don't. It's the modified phaser beam. It's heating up the air. I wouldn't know. I'm not him. I've thought about it, but the truth is I don't understand my people all that well. Yes, it is. At least a minute. Not you. You're bleeding. When blood leaves a humanoid body it's still blood. But when any part of me separates from my body Inside. Where's the changeling? I lost him in the conduits. But you forgot to bring a fork. Anyone could have gotten that information. No! (The Founder knocks out O'Brien as the blast doors come down. Odo grabs him.) I don't think so. (Odo morphs his hands into the founder as his body becomes solid again. The founder goes gooey and Odo picks him up and pushes him against the warp core. The energy discharge throws Odo off as the founder fries.) (to dazed O'Brien) You have to regain control of the ship. (The founder part reforms, looking very desiccated.) I never wanted to harm you. (The changeling whispers something to Odo then turns to dark green ash.) [Bridge] I'm fine. I hope I'm not interrupting. Captain, there's something you need to know. The changeling, before he died, he whispered something to me. He said, you're too late. We are everywhere. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
So as a result, I've transferred Ensign Palmers back to the night watch and reassigned Crewman Donark to the Defiant as a member of the security detachment. Starfleet is sending a series of upgrades for our tactical computer modules next week. I've drawn up a plan to phase in the upgrades over the course of three days. Major. Is something wrong? Not an ideal situation. You and I have a different perspective than most Bajorans. There's a personal element to our feelings about her. I know that you still blame Winn for Bareil's death. Stopped from doing what? Unfortunately that suspicion is not shared by the people of Bajor. They still admire her as the woman who made peace with Cardassia. I know that, Major. But to the rest of Bajor, Winn is the real hero. In their eyes it took courage for her to conclude a treaty with a race that she herself had so bitterly condemned and fought against. It has been my observation that one of the prices of giving people freedom of choice is that sometimes they make the wrong choice. [Kira's quarters]
I can imagine. But what does that have to do with me? Doctor, get to the point. Excuse me? To use for organ replacement. Can't you just scan me or something? All right, Doctor. (Odo puts his finger into the beaker and pours off part of himself.) I'm going to want that back as soon as Kira and I return from our mission. She thought I might be useful. As soon as Garak can locate Damar. [Winn's office] (Winn is reporting a missing person to the authorities.) I don't know. (Kira is in Starfleet uniform and Garak is adjusting over the fit.) Do you really think it'll make a difference to the Cardassians that you've been given a Starfleet commission? You're still a Bajoran. I was afraid you were going to say that. (He morphs into civilian clothes.) Well? This is how I appeared when I worked for the Cardassians. Unusual in what way? No. We have a mission to accomplish. I intend to see it through. What do you mean? We should be crossing into Dominion space in just a few minutes. Food replicators, weapons. I think you'll find everything you asked for. The weapons depot on Adarak Prime is protected by only a single garrison and there's a weakness in their perimeter defences. A small group could infiltrate the compound and That's correct. She's right. The Founders won't hesitate to play your own people against you. We would need to disable the garrison's security protocols. How's the food? I expected that my prisoners would be dealt with justly, but I soon came to realize that Cardassians had little interest in justice. Nerys, don't. Nerys, it isn't worth it. I'm glad we're in agreement. You did the right thing, Nerys. The Dominion is our enemy, not Rusot. Cardassians do love the heat. I'll come with you. I'll hold you to that. (Kira leaves. Odo starts to pick up a barrel and notices some dry 'skin' on his hand. After the break he morphs it away just before Kira returns.) Believe what? Nothing. I was just worried that you might have had another run in with Rusot.
Oh. It's you. All right, I won't. You wouldn't be talking about Fallit Kot, who just finished eight years in a labour camp for hijacking a shipment of Romulan ale, and whose name was right next to yours on the original indictment? Trafficking in stolen goods should have been enough to get you your own cell at that Romulan camp. Unless, of course, you sold out your partner. I would imagine Fallit Kot is looking for his own kind of justice now. Nothing. Just a passing thought. I'll do my job, Quark. (Quark leaves) Unfortunately. [Infirmary] Not that I'm aware of. We have something in common. I don't like Quark either, but I can't let you kill him. I know your history together. I always say you can tell a man's intentions by the way he walks. Like someone carrying a lot of weight on his shoulders. Must be. I'd say he's a man with nothing to lose. I have no reason to hold him for now and he knows it. I'll watch him the best I can, but I suggest you carry a comm. badge with you at all times. Call me at the first sign of trouble. You people sell pieces of yourself after you die, don't you? I'll buy one. [Infirmary] (Melora is on a biobed with things on her forehead and chest.) Priority one security to level twenty two, section five. [Corridor] (Quark has both hands full. Fallit uses him as a shield against the two deputies firing at them.) [Airlock]
Go ahead, Commander I'm already on it. [Quark's] (The dabo table has been replaced by a long conference table.) Not exactly overcome by grief, are we? You have my sympathies for your loss. Nevertheless, when someone dies on my station there are questions that must be answered. Then I hope you won't mind if I ask Doctor Bashir to examine the body. What's this? How touching. [Promenade - upper level] (Two pairs of feet are dangling above the heads of passers by on the Promenade) So, what exactly does it mean, becoming Grand Nagus? Don't be ludicrous. You mean they're attracted to body odour? I'd be delighted. (On the way, Sisko spots a laughing Jake and Nog running along the upper level) [Infirmary] When are you going to get it through your twisted little brain that we are trying to save your life. I'm sure whoever tried to kill you is counting on that. You must have some suspicion who that could be? But who would you say stands to benefit the most from your death? Threatened you? How? You're sure all of Zek's associates attended the funeral? What about Zek's servant? Was he at the funeral? Interesting. Hupyrian servants are renowned for their devotion to their employers. For Maihar'du not to have shown up at Zek's funeral is very odd indeed. [Sisko's quarters] (Breakfast on the run for Jake) Well, Quark, looks like you needed my help after all. (Odo leaves)
Quark! Dax. Where is she? You find all this very funny, don't you? You and Dax probably planned it together. Moving my furniture. Not someone. Commander Dax. It's the fourth time she's done it this past year. She breaks into my quarters while I'm regenerating, and moves all my furniture out of alignment. Shifts one piece three centimetres to the left, the next four centimetres to the right. Not one object in my quarters is where it's supposed to be. Everything I own is carefully and painstakingly arranged. Dax knows this, and yet she takes a perverse delight in throwing my quarters into chaos. Maybe you wouldn't, but I do. You humanoids are all alike. You have no sense of order. And Dax is the most humanoid person I know. Odo here. Acknowledged. Of course. A bomb. That's a changeling. Another centimetre to the left. The Lakota won't depart for another hour. Which gives us plenty of time to repair the damage you've done to my room. And while I'm gone, I want your solemn word that you'll stay out of my quarters. I've no idea. I just hope this trip isn't a waste of time. I'm not sure what Captain Sisko and I can tell Starfleet about my people that hasn't already been in our reports. A little more to the left. Well, I take it the Battle of Britain has been won yet again. Somehow I doubt it. I'll try to find the time. Anyone I can look up for you, Doctor? To be perfectly honest, Doctor, I wish you were both going with me. I could use the company. I doubt that a shape-shifter is will be welcome on Earth at the moment. Oh really? Well, I'd better get over to the Lakota. We'll be leaving shortly. I don't believe in luck. But I appreciate the sentiment. (Odo goes through the airlock.) That's right. I sympathise with your problem. Uncovering changeling infiltrators is no easy task. I'll help any way I can, but I think you'll find my reports were quite thorough. Forgive the intrusion, Mister President, but as you can see, Starfleet has every right to be concerned. One that never should have been allowed to take place. Admiral Leyton and Captain Sisko walked in here without being searched, without being blood-tested, and without having their possessions subjected to phaser sweeps. That time I definitely experienced discomfort. I'd push it to three point five just to be on the safe side. But if you want to do any more tests, you'll have to get another guinea pig. I've been shot quite enough for one day. Huh. You'd think she would have thanked me as well. I'm the one who got shot thirteen times today. (Nog enters.) Well, I was just taking a little aerial tour of San Francisco. It's quite nice. Not as ancient as the cities on Bajor but almost as impressive. If all they're doing is flying around imitating seagulls, we don't have much to worry about. That's right, they don't. I'm glad you're keeping that in mind. Thank you. Though I'm not sure the gulls would agree. Admiral. I know that Starfleet Command has always been a little uneasy about a changeling working in their midst. I just wanted to say how much I appreciate the trust you've shown in me. Thank you. (Leyton ignores Odo's outstretched hand) I'm fine. (Leyton morphs into a seagull and flies off.) [Sisko's SF office] I'm not sure exactly. It's as if I could feel the changeling's hostility toward me. We could talk to the President again. How's Jake handling it? I've found that when it comes to doing what's best for you, you humanoids have the distressing habit of doing the exact opposite. A reasonable assumption, considering the circumstances. That's why my people came here. To undermine the trust and mutual understanding the Federation is built on. Maybe they will. But that doesn't mean you should give up. My people are here and you've got to fight them with whatever you've got. Believe me, Captain, sometimes I feel the same way. [Sisko's restaurant] (Joseph is back serving the customers) You all right? Sabotage. Take down the power relays, and you neutralise sensors, transporters, surface-based defence installations. We didn't detect any ships coming through at the time, but the Dominion might have been using some kind of cloaking technology. The combined Cardassian and Romulan fleet that the Dominion destroyed in the Gamma Quadrant was equipped with cloaking devices. Who knows what my people might have taken from the wreckage? The only way to correct the problem is to shut down the entire grid, purge all the operating systems, and restart the relays. At the same time, my people will continue to undermine Earth's defences in any way they can. This power outage is only the beginning. Mister President, there are people all over this planet right now huddled in the dark, terrified about what might happen next. They're waiting for a sign, something to reassure them that everything will be all right. But they won't wait long. Fear is a powerful and dangerous thing. And if you don't act, if you don't show them that they're not alone, then fear will surely take over.
Are you sure you've returned to your normal size? Well, you both appear to be a couple of centimetres shorter than you were the last time I saw you. A changeling notices that sort of thing. (The dabo girl stands up straight. She is very tall.)
Too hot? Why don't you specify a lower temperature? Why? Ah, yes, taste. Once, not long after I was first able to assume the humanoid form. And since I don't have taste buds, it was very unsatisfying. Not to mention messy. I'd rather not talk about it. Er, perhaps I should be going. Yes, we're both very lucky. I'm Chief of Security on this station. Yes, sweetheart. Oh, Major. Why is Quark trying to take a holo-picture of you? True, but every time I stand in front of you he seems to get very upset. (They go across to Quark.) [Quark's cafe] Ha! Ha! Not until you start telling the truth. Oh, I can just imagine what kind of programme that would be. Naked, I assume. Just you. Yes. Someone has been illegally accessing the station's personnel files. Your file, to be exact. They've downloaded your voiceprint, your retinal scan, even your psychiatric profile. I've managed to trace the data-path back to its source. Was there any doubt? So, shall I arrest him, or would you prefer to do it yourself?
You don't have any readers. Weyoun is still blocking the transmission of your stories. I have been assured that the Facilitators will be unarmed and unaccompanied by any Jem'Hadar soldiers. The Dominion doesn't need my validation. They're here and they're not leaving. Not without a fight, at least. That's all the excuse Dukat will need to order a new security crackdown. I couldn't agree more. (Kira leaves.) Not yet. There are two Vedeks inside, but we've seen no indication they intend to leave the shrine. She hasn't shown up. Damar has been trying to contact you for the past five hours. That's not true. You're doing exactly what Captain Sisko wanted you and the rest of Bajor to do. Remain neutral and stay out of the fighting. This are difficult times for everyone. Do you think it's easy for me to sit down with Dukat and Weyoun every day while they plot the destruction of the Federation? That would be a mistake. Active resistance will trigger a crackdown. All right. But let's find a more discreet place to plan the new resistance. [Shoreline] (The Jem'Hadar are walking into the trap.)
Morn, if you're not too busy, I'd appreciate it if you did something about that shipment of Livanian beets you have sitting in Cargo Bay Three. It's been there for over two weeks. It's starting to rot. (Morn takes a drink from his glass.) Morn. (Odo's hand goes through Morn.) You replaced Morn with a hologram? Why? And that's not good for business. Why doesn't it talk? I'm sure Morn would be very touched to hear you say that. It's just a hologram. For Morn. I thought it might come in handy. Your respect for the dead is heart-warming. Oh, how inconsiderate of him. Well, sometimes you don't truly appreciate what you have until it's gone. You should be worried, too. Now that your mascot's gone, business will suffer. Me, too. The poor fool actually believed you cared about him. Calculating his net worth, no doubt. His financial records. (Odo hands over a PADD.) What do you mean? No. Well, he did have his shipping business. Maybe all his assets are tied up in inventory? Your inheritance. Livanian beets. Very ripe. More beets. I'm afraid so. Except for the contents of his quarters. Maybe he spent all his money on furnishings and works of art. Objets d'art, of course. [Corridor] I'm sure. That, I believe, is a matador. That's Morn's bed. I'm told it's excellent for the skin. (Odo leaves.) Regulations. The contents of a deceased person's storage locker have to be inspected by station security. Ah, here we are. Thank you. (The deputy leaves.) Storage locker one thirty seven. Will that be enough to cover Morn's bar tab? What makes you say that? The rest is in the Bank of Bolias. This wasn't in Morn's financial records. At this hour? I see. And how long are you going to be closed? I see. (Odo leaves.) Take her to a holding cell. Get the rest of them to the Infirmary. (Odo opens the crate.) Ah, there you are. From now on, you'll be commiserating alone. All your friends are going to prison. Assault with intent to kill? Long enough. What? And it's all yours. Quark. Quark! There's someone here to see you. You'd better sit down. (Enter) Alive and well. Apparently, he faked his own death. I'll let him tell you all about it. (Morn sits.)
Are you all right, Major? The resemblance to Vedek Bareil is remarkable. [Holding cell]
What's going on here? Secretary Kubus. Last I heard, you were living on Cardassia. Welcome back. You're under arrest. (As Kubus is lead away to cries of 'Good', he and Winn look straight at each other.) [Outside the Assembly room] (It's another vision.) There was quite a mob gathering out there. I had to call in extra security to disperse it. I could say the same for you. Secretary Kubus, special liaison between the Cardassian occupation forces and their pawns in the Bajoran government. Recognized by the Cardassians. Maybe. But I don't see how you could know that seeing that you spent nearly all your time here on the station. I remember Gul Dukat telling me once that you were his favourite Bajoran. You hid your feelings well. This is Major Kira, the highest-ranking Bajoran on the station. But I thought you should know that Secretary Kubus is about to leave for Bajor. [Kira's quarters] Vedek Winn has granted him sanctuary. Kubus requested a private meeting with Vedek Winn. They talked for ten minutes, after which Winn asked for the use of my computer. She accessed some information from the library system. And then she called the Provisional Government and informed them she was granting Kubus sanctuary. I'm trying to find that out right now. Ah. I'm not sure, but Bek and Kubus did know each other. Bek was the liaison between the Cardassians and the Vedek Assembly at the same time that Kubus was Secretary to the occupational government. They spent a lot of time together on the station. You're right, she did. Do you think Kubus told her something new about the massacre? Ha. Just as I thought. When the Cardassians left, they purged all records of communication between the station and Bajor. I'll establish a computer link with the Bajoran Central Archives. That way I can access the files of the Vedek Assembly. Are you all right? You don't seem fine. If you say so. But you're afraid he's guilty. Really? Well, I, er. I was just wondering when you were going to figure that out. You humanoids. When it comes to emotional attachments, you never see the obvious. I'm into the Vedek Assembly files. I'll need a time frame. That's odd. All the communications records between the Assembly members and Bek for that week have been sealed. It doesn't say. It just indicates a security seal. Only a Vedek. [Quark's] (The clink of money.) Ahem. Relax, Quark. No one's accusing you of anything. It's simple. We've been here more that a minute and we haven't insulted him, threatened him or arrested him. Oh, spare us. Just do it, Quark. You can access the Vedek Assembly's records through the Bajoran Central Archives. It happened right about here. Bek hanged himself in front of dozens of witnesses. It caused quite a stir. Strange. Bek and I were passing acquaintances here on the station. From what little I knew about him, I always thought he was a good man. The one thing I've learned about humanoids is that in extreme situations even the best of you are capable of doing terrible things.
Nine years ago, a transporter accident created two William T. Rikers. One of them returned to his ship, the other was marooned on Nervala Four. The two men are physically identical in all respects, right down to their DNA coding. There was no way for the security computer to know that it was Thomas, not William, who boarded the Defiant. Thomas Riker was serving aboard the starship Gandhi. While he was there, he began to express certain political opinions. Opinions that supported the Maquis and their goals. And what does that mean, exactly? That's why we need to work together to prevent it from happening.
Having a bad day? I take it there's a problem with your drink replicator? (Dax enters) Why not? You're in love. Really? It must kill you that she's married to Worf. Of course. By the way, that's not a Silven surprise, it's a Silken sunrise. [Runabout Shenandoah] (Nog enters with a box.)
Almost two hours. We entered the Bajoran system a few minutes ago. The shopkeeper I bought it from called it a knick-knack. It's a present for Kira. You don't think she'll like it? Well, the conference kept you pretty busy. Rigelian chocolates. Her favourite. I beg your pardon? I'm sorry, Miles, but the answer is no. (Alarm sounds.) It's gaining on us fast. (Something living comes up and swims in front of them.) I hope so. It's gone. According to the sensors, there's nothing out there. It's a changeling. (It morphs into a humanoid with a bland but alien face.) I'm a changeling, yes. Why did you board our ship? You've never met another shape-shifter? He's not. He's one of the hundred. Over the centuries, our people sent out one hundred infant changelings out into the galaxy. We were to learn about other species, and eventually return home to share what we'd experienced. I was the same way. In a holding cell. Captain, he's not a threat to us. He's just a changeling who's travelled a long way to find out where he came from. Yes, sir, I do. If he were a Founder, he'd be infected with the same disease that's afflicting the entire Link. I asked Doctor Bashir to scan him. His morphogenic matrix is as stable as mine. Sir, with your permission, I'd like to release him. I realise that, sir, but he is not a Founder. He's one of the hundred, I'm sure of it. Sir, I'm asking you to trust me on this. Thank you, sir. [Promenade - upper level] When I found out our people were the leaders of the Dominion, I realised I had no place with them. This war they're fighting is wrong. You don't much care for humanoids. I think you'll find the people here are different. They accepted me. I told you, I want no part of the Founders. No. It's a huge galaxy. They could be anywhere. I have a life here. I have friends. A little over thirty years ago. How long ago was that? Or it could be that I was adrift for a long time before I was found. But you lost interest. Faces aren't easy. Some of them are. There are dozens of species on this station. They tolerate each other's differences very well. We're changelings. We can be like them when we choose. Let me show you where you'll be staying. [Corridor] You haven't told me your name. At least it's appropriate. My name means unknown sample. The scientist who found me didn't know what I was. [Odo's quarters] These are my quarters. I'll be staying somewhere else. Feel free to shape shift as you please. Some of these forms are quite interesting. I've been busy. (Laas picks up a photo in a frame.) Her name is Kira. Oh? And? What happened? We've never discussed it. It's more complicated than that. In our natural state, we don't exist as separate entities. Our people spend most of their time in the Link. It involves a melding into one, a merging of thought and form, idea and sensation. It's difficult to explain. Of course. (Odo holds out his hand) Take it. (And the two become one.) (Later, after they've separated again.) Yes. Yes, I have. But I won't have anything to do with the Founders and their war. Hello, Nerys. He's complicated. I'm fine. We Linked. There's nothing to worry about. He's not a Founder. He's not trying to lure me to the Dominion. The Link is part of what we are. It comes as naturally to us as talking does to humanoids. I suppose. If you like. Then I'll arrange it. [Quark's] This is Laas. Meaning? Laas. Thank you, Colonel. Well, this has been interesting. If you'll excuse us, Colonel, Counsellor, Doctor, Chief. Laas. This way. [Promenade - upper level] Was it really necessary to insult my friends? You could call it that. You're certainly not afraid to make grand generalisations. Here? I don't think that's a good idea. No. I don't go out of my way to point it out, no. I don't like to confront people with something that might make them uncomfortable. You're reading too much into it. That's not true. I've been involved with other things lately. Leave her out of this. The fact that your relationship failed doesn't mean that mine will. I think you should stay out of my affairs. He just can't understand why I want to stay here. I told him I'd think about it. I didn't want to dismiss it out of hand. He would have taken offence. Why do you look at me like that? What makes you say that? It's just wishful thinking on his part. The thought of the two of us going off together looking for the others, exploring the galaxy as changelings, it's very alluring. To him. I'm happy here. It doesn't matter, Nerys. I love you. [Odo's quarters] (Odo comes in to find a fire burning.) Computer, activate fire suppression sys (penny drops) Laas? I need to talk to you. I'm not leaving. I'm staying here. I'm sorry if you're disappointed. It could take a long time for you find another changeling. All I'm saying is you don't have to leave right away. I wouldn't mind the company of another changeling. I'm sure you wouldn't mind either. You might as well. If you can't get along with me, what makes you think you can get along with any other changeling? After what happened at Quark's, I don't think you have to worry about an overcrowded social schedule. Don't bother, Chief. There's nothing wrong with the environmental system. It's not fog, it's Laas. Being fog, what's it look like? He's not hurting anyone. Laas. Laas. (The fog turns into Laas.) Congratulations. You managed to disrupt the entire Promenade. If you want to relax, do it in private. He's not a Founder. Now move along. Laas. Jurisdiction? That's ridiculous. He killed that Klingon in self-defence. He was about to draw his disruptor. It all happened too fast. But their intentions were obvious. One of them put a knife in his chest. Since when do Klingons resort to legal quibbling? They get involved in fights all the time. They never file charges. It isn't honourable. Sir, they are only doing this because they distrust changelings. Provoked them? They attacked Laas. They felt menaced by fog? Is it a crime to shape-shift on the Promenade? You're going to allow the Klingons extradite him knowing they won't give him a fair trial. But you'd just as soon be rid of him. You never wanted him on the station in the first place. I practically had to beg you to let him out of that holding cell. Meaning? May I ask why? That's a relief. For a moment I thought you were going to say it's because I'm a changeling. [Promenade] They're the ones who should be put on trial. If they'd attacked anyone other than a changeling, they would be. [Security office] Laas was only doing what comes naturally to us. Why shouldn't I? So what are you saying, Quark? That the Klingons couldn't help what they did because of their genes? I'd like to have a few minutes alone with the prisoner. I don't know what to say. Hopefully this will all get straightened out at your hearing. Just tell them exactly what happened. I shouldn't have convinced you to stay. If I had just let you go, none of this would have happened. They're going to extradite him. Yes, I do. And no one is going to do anything to stop it. If he weren't a changeling, the Captain would find a way to intervene. Is it? Maybe that's because I'm starting to see things more clearly now. Look at me, Nerys. What do you see? No. No, this is just a form I've borrowed. I could just as easily be someone else or something else. I don't know. I care about you more than anyone I've ever known. These last few months have been the happiest of my life. But even so, part of me wishes that Laas and I were out there right now searching for the others, existing as changelings. Because that's what I am. Not a humanoid. I'm a changeling. Either that, or his lack of faith in our justice system. Good luck (Worf leaves.) Of course. Level Nine. I should have known he'd be able to escape. What's a forcefield to a changeling with his abilities? I don't understand. You helped him escape. Laas? I'm not going with you. I've came to say goodbye. You really don't know, do you? You don't have any idea what it means to love someone enough to let them go. I know where I belong. Laas, humanoids are not the petty, limited creatures you perceive them to be. What Nerys did should prove that even to you. I'm sorry you can't understand. You've done many things, been many things, but you've never known love. Maybe the fact that it's not easy is what makes it worthwhile. You'd better go. They're looking for you. Good luck. (Odo offers his hand.) I couldn't go.
Don't pretend you don't know what this is about. Tampering with the station's comm. system is a class three offence. I'm sure the magistrate will take that into consideration when he calculates your fine. (Worf enters, with a mug in his hand.)
Quark! We have to talk. It can't wait. You remember that Subytt freighter we were discussing the other day? The one you claimed was smuggling defective isolinear rods to Bajor? Well, I conducted a little investigation of that freighter, and do you know what I discovered? That's right. I arrested the first officer and two of the crew. Hold on, I'm not finished with you. You are the enemy. That's just it. I can't explain it. Truce? You must be joking. You're up to something. Because you're always up to something. That'll be the day. (Odo leaves) They're an extremist faction who believe in Bajor for the Bajorans. All other species are inferior and should be expelled from the planet. That's correct. But this is the first time I've seen it here. Understood. I wouldn't be overly concerned, Commander. This section is a low security area. Commander, a transport carrying Minister Jaro has just arrived from Bajor. Move it back, please. No pushing. No pushing. I agree. The Promenade is usually deserted at this hour. No one saw them enter or leave. I've already seen to it.
Excuse me for interrupting, Doctor, Doctor. The Antidean transport wishes to leave the station a day early. Their cargo is still under quarantine. If you could issue a health certificate. It would expedite matters. Thank you, Doctor. Doctor. (Odo leaves.)
They just arrived a few hours ago. It seems the main computer on their freighter was damaged and they need a complete overhaul before they can continue back to the Klingon Empire. Two days, at least. Understood. Let's go. Come on. [Airlock] (Starfleet security open the airlock doors and four Romulans enter, one female.) Ruwon? That I was what? He said that? Ridiculous. That's enough! Get back. Come on. Hold it. Let's go. Come on now. [Corridor] (Another O'Brien is opening a wall panel) Nothing on the tricorder. Just the standard conduits and power juncture ports. If you gentlemen will step down the corridor, I'll open the panel and take a look. Don't worry, I'll be careful. (He does so from the side and waves his tricorder in front of it.) It's all right. Nothing. That means someone will place a device in this panel in the next few hours. I suggest we place a surveillance device in this corridor. If anyone attempts to tamper with the panel, we'll be able to detect it. Someone has planted a class three surveillance device behind the wall panel we've been monitoring. No. We've been monitoring the corridor constantly for the past three hours. No one's come anywhere near the panel. However, sensors did detect a low energy transporter beam a short time ago. They beamed the device directly into the wall. Yes, it is. We haven't been able to trace the beam to its point of origin, but since there aren't any ships nearby, I believe it originated on the station. Since it appears to be a device intended to conduct covert surveillance of the Romulans, my leading suspects would be the Klingons. Not yet. But don't worry, I plan on investigating the Klingons, the Bajorans, Quark, the visiting Terrelians. I always investigate Quark. [Quark's cafe] We finally were able to localise the transporter beam and trace it back to this location. Somehow, they overrode the security lock on the door to gain access. That was my first thought. But then I realised that a portable transporter is a rather large and bulky piece of equipment to be carrying around the halls. So, then I began thinking about the replicator. Turning it into a small transporter. A very sophisticated, very professional job. I think I have an answer to that as well. This device is manufactured on Davlos Three, a planet on the Klingon border. In fact, Davlos does over ninety percent of its trade with the Klingon Empire. Yes, it is. But then I contacted a friend at Starfleet Intelligence who used to be assigned to the Federation Embassy on the Klingon Homeworld. He put me in contact with a former Klingon operative who's out of favour with the current administration. This former operative sent me a series of reports The three Klingons now on the station are part of a covert strike force that reports directly to the Klingon High Council. Sometimes I have to remind you just how good I am. Possibly. It's also possible that this is just a routine intelligence-gathering operation. The high-energy laser that killed O'Brien is simply a booby trap to prevent someone from tampering with the device. It's not meant for assassination. Absolutely. And I think I can question them until the Romulan delegation leaves the station. Commander, there is no careful way to question a Klingon. [Infirmary] We take a very dim view of spies and saboteurs on this station. I doubt that very much. The only people who will be coming here are your friends in Klingon Intelligence. And from what I understand, they don't like being embarrassed by operatives who fail in their missions. However, should you suddenly feel like cooperating, I may be persuaded to let you go without contacting your friends in Intelligence. Maybe. [Ops] Everyone would assume that Deep Space Nine was destroyed by what appeared to be the accidental collapse of the wormhole. If you'll come with me. [Quark's]
This brings up the question of shore leave. At the moment, we have the crews from two Klingon ships on the station. I'd rather not have that many Klingons and Romulans on the Promenade at the same time.
How's that? (He's morphed his hands into big paddles for better effect.) I hope this taught you a lesson. Never play springball against a changeling. Then you'd better work on your backhand. Go right ahead, I should be back by the time you wake up. I received a coded message from Gul Russol this morning. So did I, but apparently we were wrong. The message says he wants to meet with me. I don't know, but he's my most reliable Cardassian informant. I've thought about that, but I have to be sure. I owe him that much. Russol insists I come alone. Don't worry, Nerys. I'll be careful. Russol? Russol. Weyoun. Where's Gul Russol? Well, I'm here. What do you want? You're defecting? I believe Gul Russol is dead. You say you're defecting from the Dominion. Why? I've told you before I'm not a Founder. You haven't answered my question. Why did you decide to defect? You can do better than that. From whom? Aren't you being a little paranoid? Why? Well, things don't always turn out as planned. And you're willing to share that information? We've heard rumours that the Dominion has established a new Ketracel White storage facility somewhere in Sector five zero seven. Odo to the Rio Grande. Two to beam up. [Runabout Rio Grande] Sit here where I can keep an eye on you. I'm not a god, I'm a security officer. As far as I'm concerned, you're just another prisoner. I wish you'd stop doing that. Staring at me. You've been doing it for the last ten hours. We're being hailed. It's a Cardassian transmission. I'm trying. (Too late.) I'm well aware the Vorta are all clones, but I'm not sure the universe is ready for two Weyouns. So which of you is the Weyoun I've had the misfortune of dealing with over the past few years? Interesting, So if you're Weyoun Six, you must be Seven. [Dominion briefing room] And why were you activated if he's still alive? [Dominion briefing room] What implant? I have no intention of releasing my prisoner to you. Well, it's not too late to start. Why did you defect? On the contrary. What you're saying about the war, about the Founders, makes perfect sense. Well don't let it go to your head. I'd do the same for any prisoner. What's wrong? Sounded more like a nightmare. Not at all. It isn't easy to turn your back on your own people. Believe me, I know. Possibly. Trouble. (BOOM as the Jem'Hadar start shooting.) Trust me, they are. Maybe they finally got it through their head that I'm not a Founder. They're jamming all the frequencies. I can't get through. Damar said he was determined not to let us get back to the station. Why? What now? Well, congratulations. You just saved our lives. Has it ever occurred to you that the reason you believe the Founders are gods is because that's what they want you to believe? That they built that into your genetic code? I would hope so. You sampled the replicator's entire menu. You mean tastes, don't you? Ah. I take it this is also a result of your genetic programming? No, but I have the feeling you're going to tell me all about it. Eating nuts and berries. Why were they chasing him? And the changeling kept his word. If the story were true, it would at least prove that my people are capable of generosity and kindness. Maybe I do, but that doesn't change the fact that they're responsible for a war that's killed millions. And you're sure the other changelings are also infected? Everyone but me. Why didn't you tell me this earlier? Meaning what? And what's your role going to be in this new order? All right, and you can start by telling me how one runabout is going to survive an assault by four Jem'Hadar ships. There's a Kuiper Belt not far from here. We might be able to hide among the comet fragments. But we don't have much time. They're closing fast. (They dodge in amongst the icy boulders.) Not if we become the ice. (The runabout flies into a crevasse and through to a cave.) Well, with the power off and the runabout in thermal contact with the ice, we won't generate enough of an energy signature for their sensors to read. Well let's just hope the Jem'Hadar give up their search before we freeze to death. Perhaps. But in an hour you may want to trade in that faith for a thermal blanket. [Captain's office] (There's a desk, but) I'm afraid so. Explains what? We should have enough oxygen left for another three hours. Of course, by then we'll have probably frozen to death. We can't stay here. What choice do we have? (Their hiding place goes Boom as they make their run.) There's an extinguisher behind you. What are you waiting for? What are you doing? Why'd you activate the comm. system? (Weyoun 7 and Damar appear on the monitor.) What have you done? I think you've done enough. I'll get you a pain suppressor. What's that? I can't. You have. And for that you have my gratitude, and my blessing. [Ops] I don't think I'll ever forget the look on his face when he died. He seemed so content. Nerys, please. Well, now it appears that the Vorta may have to learn to get along without their gods. The changelings are dying and I can't help them. They're the enemy. That's true. But I know now that whichever side wins, one thing is certain. I'm going to lose. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
May I join you, Doctor? It's what I can do for you. I have a friend at Starfleet Intelligence and she has a friend who has a cousin who's married to the assistant of one of the members of the Federation Medical Council. And according to my friend, her friend heard something from his cousin that his wife heard from the council member that I thought you might find interesting. Doctor Wade is not going to win the Carrington. Doctor, I thought you'd be delighted. Perhaps. But P'Trell is by no means as popular as Doctor Wade. Actually, according to my friend's friend's The point is, if it's not going to be Wade, it could be anyone. P'Trell, Senva, Roget, even you. Is that a fact? Then why have you been working on your acceptance speech? Just a guess. [Quark's quarters] (Zek is talking to someone on a monitor.)
Captain, maybe he forged those orders.
Chief. It's good to see you too. [Corridor] Do any of them know you're suspicious? They might even call Commander Sisko and start asking questions about you. When are the Paradas due? I don't want them coming anywhere near this place until we get this cleared up. Go on about your business. Don't do anything to get their attention. In the meantime, I'll do some investigating. If I can confirm your suspicions, we can go to Starfleet and the Bajoran authorities at the same time. We'll get to the bottom of this. [O'Brien's quarters] I see what you mean. Sit down. How much do you know about the Paradan rebels? I'm just trying to understand the players involved here. As a matter of fact, they were. That still might be premature. Don't be ridiculous. I'm just trying to (by the conduit grill) Spread out. Check all quarters. Advise people to stay where they are and not to let anyone in.
I find it odd that a conduit running behind Garak's shop should just happen to overload. One possibility is that the Romulans hired the Flaxian to kill Garak and then killed the Flaxian when he failed in his mission. What do you mean? Now, you dragged me into this investigation and you are now going to cooperate with me. You blew up your own shop, Garak! It's a Romulan warbird. You're going to attack the Dominion, aren't you. You're going to stage a first strike against them before they can come into the Alpha Quadrant. Garak, this is the man who put you into exile. This is the man who just two days ago tried to have you killed. There are forcefields around the bulkheads and a guard outside the door. Feels like a prison cell to me. I don't believe you, Garak, and I doubt I'll believe much of what you have to say from now on, so save us both some trouble and leave me alone. You're wasting your time, Garak. I don't care about the rationalisations you come up with to justify your actions. Living on Deep Space Nine has made you a little rusty. Your lies are becoming more transparent. You should be careful. You don't want Tain to know that you're feeling guilty about what you've done. Would you? And if I refuse? I don't feel like talking. The only common enemy you and I share is Enabran Tain. The difference between you and I is that you don't know it. Funny. I was about to make the same suggestion. [Wardroom] How kind. I have nothing to say. (The Romulans assemble the Contraption on a table.) Oh, no. You're going to torture me, aren't you? How I've been dreading this. Please have mercy, Garak. I'd bring those guards back if I were you. I'm not in a very good mood. Oh? And why is that? I don't know. Garak, this is pointless. There's nothing I can tell you about the Founders that you don't already know. Then why don't you? There's nothing to tell. What's the matter, Garak? You don't look very happy. Aren't you enjoying yourself? Your job. Yes, this is the job you've been waiting for. All these years of exile and here you are interrogating a prisoner again. It must fill you with pride. But you don't want it to end, do you, Garak? Isn't this what you've been dreaming of? Back at work serving Cardassia. Home. I want to go home. No, not the station. Home with my people. I did, but they're still my people. I tried to deny it, I tried to forget, but I can't. They're my people and I want to be with them in the Great Link. And now you've found it. I hope it's useful. (Garak turns off the Contraption and Odo swooshes into the bucket, with all his little flakes joining him. Garak puts his head in his hands.) [Bridge] I take it that the attack on the Founders is not proceeding according to plan. For once, Garak, I agree with you. Why are you doing this? Of course. This whole plan was the Founders' idea in the first place. You wanted the Tal Shiar and the Obsidian Order to combine forces and come into the Gamma Quadrant so you could wipe them out. But not after today. Thank you. But my answer is still no. (Lovok beams out) Come on. I don't think we have much time. [Warbird corridor] Where are you going? What? I'll keep that in mind. A Jem'Hadar ship is following us. Raise shields and charge the weapons. (Boom.) The warp drive is offline. (Boom, bang.) Another Jem'Hadar ship is approaching to starboard. Hang on! Main power's failing. We're losing speed. A little late, isn't it? I may not agree with what you did, but I can certainly understand your desire to return home. What? (The Defiant decloaks and blows the Jem'Hadar to atoms.) [Bridge] Thank you. Likewise, Major. I just read the report that you wrote and I wanted to thank you. For not mentioning my desire to return to my people. As do I. Quark has expressed an interest in renting this space if you're not going to be using it. He mentioned something about an Argelian massage facility. I tend to agree. But do I think he would approve of a tailor's shop. Garak, I was thinking that you and I should have breakfast together sometime. I don't. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
You think he wants to reopen the labour camps? Well then, I suppose we should be grateful that he has Weyoun looking over his shoulder. Weyoun knows that it's in the Dominion's best interest to honour its treaty with Bajor. They want to prove to the rest of the Alpha Quadrant that they're true to their word. I try not to think of him. I'm glad you can still smile. That's kind of you to say. I share your frustration, Major, but right now there's really nothing we can do but bide our time. It's like Captain Sisko said. Bajor must be kept out of the fighting. I hate to say this, but he's right. The Dominion seems determined to prove that it can be a friend to Bajor. For the moment at least, I'm afraid he has won. Look at me. I don't know why I bother to sit here every day. I don't even have a security force to patrol the Promenade. Dukat will never agree to that. I want my Bajoran security officers reinstated. From now on, they'll be responsible for security on the Promenade. I'll have my officers report to the armoury within the hour. Along with Weyoun and Dukat. Now I'll have a voice in station policy. Dukat thought it was a terrible idea. You should have seen his face when Weyoun offered me the position. I thought we were using him. I know the danger, Major. I've had to walk this line before during the Cardassian occupation. I can do it again, but this time I won't be alone. I'll have you to help me. Then this is a victory after all.
Really? Then perhaps you could explain why the two of you were spending so much time together. Do you expect us to believe that a Vulcan would be interested in you for your lobes? Save the excuses, Quark. Just tell us what you were up to. We're waiting. Weapons. You sold weapons to a terrorist group. Would you? Sir? I assume you'll be going out to search for Dukat again? As Chief of Security, I'd like to go along. One other thing. How long do I keep him in here? Do as he says. With pleasure, Commander. I do, and quite a list it is. Six ship-mounted high energy disrupters, three particle accelerators, two hundred photon torpedoes and a dozen pulse cannons. Have you ever tried to interrogate a Vulcan, Lieutenant? Neither did I until today. I wouldn't advise it. That calm measured voice that tells you nothing, that impassive stare. It can be quite frustrating. According to Sakonna, they only have two ships capable of mounting the weapons she purchased.
Excuse me, Major I need a I need an engineering crew to run a diagnostic on the internal security sensors. There's been an unusual number of false alarms lately.
Hopefully. Fine. Huh. What makes you say that? Huh. It's not important. It's certainly not worth making an issue about. It's just (pause) When Governor Avesta invited us to dinner at his house You said no. You never bothered to ask me if I wanted to go. Not particularly. The problem is you never asked what I wanted. Well that's beside the point. I would have liked to have been consulted, that's all. I'd appreciate that. Long range sensors are detecting a modified Peregrine class courier ship, lightly armed, one man crew, bearing two six eight mark three oh one. Right. (After the opening titles.) Not fast enough. We're closing on him. Wait a minute, I've lost him. The Badlands' plasma fields are disrupting our sensors. I hope you're right. There he is. It looks like he's trying to land on one of the moons orbiting that gas giant. Something's wrong with his ship. It looks like his attitude stabilisers have failed. Too much interference. He's trying to land on that moon. We've lost him. I don't know. Something in the moon's atmosphere is jamming our sensors. The tricorders are useless. The atmospheric ionisation is jamming their transponders. Well, he wasn't in the wreckage of his ship. And given the weather conditions on the surface, there's no way anyone could survive out there for very long, so that leaves (moonquake) The sooner we find our fugitive, the better off we'll be. If he's smart, he'll let us find him. A Federation prison would be paradise compared to this place. I'll see you in twenty minutes. [Passageway] (Later) This is Odo. I can barely hear you. Stay where you are, Major. I'm on my way. [Chamber] I'm right here, Major. What's wrong? Stuck? How? Let me take a look. (Kira's foot is covered in a rock that expands as Odo reaches for it.) It's not a fissure. Your foot's been encased in some kind of crystal. And from the look of things the crystal is spreading. (moonquake) Now you're sure you can't pull it loose? Maybe if you slip your foot out of your boot. Hold on a minute. (Odo picks up a rock) This might hurt a bit. I fail to see the humour in this situation. I'm not giving up just yet. Are you sure this is a good idea? If you're not careful The crystal formation seems to have somehow fed off the energy from your phaser. (moonquake) Odo to Mekong. Two to beam out. Energise. Odo to Mekong. I can't contact the runabout. There's too much interference. I'll have to walk back to the landing site and try to transport you from there. Now that you mention it, yes. Computer, lock onto these coordinates and initiate transport sequence. Explain. Can you compensate for the interference by using pattern enhancers? Is there any way to achieve a transporter lock in this kind of ionisation field? Computer, send out a priority one distress signal to Deep Space Nine. In that case, launch a communications probe and instruct it to begin a continuous broadcast of our whereabouts as soon as it clears the atmosphere. Computer, given ideal conditions, how soon can we expect help from Deep Space Nine? Kira, I heard phaser fire. He didn't miss by much. I wish I could analyse this material. Or our communicators or the transporter. Our fugitive couldn't have chosen a better place to hide. Very convenient, don't you think? Well maybe he did, but it's not going to work. I'm going to get you out of here. Long enough. There has got to be a way to shatter this crystal. We'll find it. Major, do you ever look at the Criminal Activity Reports we get from Starfleet Security? You should. They make fascinating reading. A few months ago we got a report on a theft on Remmil Six. It seems the natives there spin a kind of crystalline webbing that they use to construct their buildings. A band of Nausicaan raiders broke into their central museum by using a high frequency ultrasonic generator to create a sympathetic vibration inside the webbing and shatter it. No, I might be able to put together a makeshift generator using the covariant oscillator on the runabout. The trick will be finding the right frequency to create a sympathetic vibration inside this crystal. I'm going to have to go back to the runabout and start assembling the generator. Keep your phaser handy in case our friend decides to comes back. I'll be back as soon as I can. I'll make sure you get them. [Cargo bay] It's hard to say. It could take hours. Don't worry, Major. I have every intention of getting us back to the station by tomorrow night. Chief O'Brien is counting on it. We have an appointment. The Chief and I are supposed to go kayaking together in a holosuite. He didn't talk me into anything. It's really quite enjoyable. Twice. He invited me one evening and, seeing I had no plans, I accepted. Well if it helps any, he's the one who does all the singing. He says it's necessary to establish a smooth paddling rhythm. Ancient human sea chanties, mostly. He's particularly fond of one called 'Louie, Louie'. Next to his work and his family, shooting the rapids is his favourite activity. He's had the holoprogram since he was on the Enterprise. That depends. On how many times we capsize. It's extremely difficult. According to him, he's dislocated his shoulder a half dozen times trying to make it down those rapids. Because he loves it. And it's been my observation that you humanoids have a hard time giving up the things you love, no matter how much they might hurt you. I'm glad I'm here, too. (big moonquake) Major? It's fine. It still hasn't found the right frequency to shatter the crystal. We'll just have to make sure that doesn't happen. After all, we've been in worse situations than this one and come out all right. No, it's not that. It's just that that wasn't the response I expected. In the detective novels Chief O'Brien gives me to read, when the hero says, we've been in tougher situations than this one, his friends always agree. There must be some humanoid platitude I can use to cheer you up. I feel the same way. I suppose it is. But in this case, the truth is we're going to get you out of here, Major. And that's no platitude. [Replimat] I don't understand it. I've run through the entire harmonic spectrum and none of the frequencies have had any effect on the crystal. It's almost as if the structure of the crystal is mutating to keep us from finding the right frequency. Yes, Major. I wish there was something else I could do. What do you want me to say? A story? My name? Now that you mention it, that is an amusing story. Well, as you know, when Doctor Mora first brought me to his laboratory, it was under Cardassian supervision. All specimens had to be clearly labelled in Cardassian, so the overseers would always know what the scientists were working on. Since no one was exactly sure what I was, Mora labelled me Unknown Sample, which the overseer translated into Cardassian as Odo'ital. No, no. Odo'ital literally means the word 'nothing'. Even after it became clear that I was sentient, the Bajoran scientists kept calling me that. As a joke, they split it into two words like a Bajoran name, Odo Ital, which eventually got shortened. But the thing is, for the longest time, whenever anyone would use my name, the first thing I'd think of was what it meant. Nothing. What better way to describe me? I had no family, no friends, no place where I belonged. I thought it was the most appropriate name anyone could give me. And then I met you. And the others. Sisko, Dax, even Quark. And now, when I hear one of you call me Odo, I no longer think of myself as nothing. I think of myself as me. I'm sorry, Major. I guess that story wasn't as amusing as I'd hoped it would be. No, I'm afraid it's not. I wish I had. It doesn't make sense. The ultrasonic generator should have worked. Something's not right here. Go? If you're asking me to leave? I'm not leaving. You can order me all you want. As of now, I'm resigning my commission. You don't know that for certain. And even if it were true, I'm not going to abandon you. (moonquake) Don't you understand? I can't. No. I won't leave you. Because! Because I'm in love with you. So, now you know. Yes, Major. I've just been going over a few things in my mind. Ah. I think I've finally figured out what's going on here. This whole situation hasn't seemed right since the beginning. There've been too many coincidences, too many unanswered questions. You said the Maquis was standing here when he shot at you? How tall was he? My height? Like this? It matters because from this position, you're blocking those phaser hits. There's no way someone standing here could hit those rocks without hitting you first. Maybe. Or maybe you were lying to me. Which makes two times you've lied to me today. You lied when you said you were shot at by the Maquis. And you lied when you said you loved me. I wish you did, but you don't. Remember Major, I pride myself on my ability to observe human nature, and I've watched you for the past three years. In all that time I never saw any indication that you had those kinds of feelings for me. You like me. You think of me as a close friend. But love? I'm afraid not. You're lying again. The Kira I know has far too much regard for our friendship to lie to me, even for the best of reasons. Good. And you can start by telling me who you are and what you've done with Kira. (Odo aims the phaser at Kira so she morphs into the female changeling.) And you're quite a skilful changeling. If you want to share your wisdom, tell me where Major Kira is. You were the fugitive we were chasing, weren't you? How did you get your hands on a Maquis ship? But why did you lead us here? Why replace Kira? (moonquake) So your plan was to let me think she died. You thought that would take away my link to the Solids. I assure you, nothing will ever make me do that. Tell me where she is. There's always a first time. Major, wake up. It's a long story. Right now we have to get you back to the Mekong. [Airlock] I suppose it's because you happened to be with me in the runabout. It could have just as easily have been Commander Sisko or Doctor Bashir. She made eventually a mistake. She said something I know you would never say. Just a slip of the tongue. Nothing important. [Quark's]
How long ago, Doctor? [Corridor] They're managing to avoid the security tracking grid. They seem to know a lot about the station. What? Security. All duty squads to the docking ring. Commence immediate inward sweep, levels sixteen through twenty one. [Corridor] (Our bad guys override an airlock control) [Ops] I'm on my way. Security report to airlock corridor five. We have a hostage situation. Slowly. Extremities where I can see them. Are you all right? The warrant says Dax was responsible for the death of General Ardelon Tandro thirty years ago. when he was on Klaestron Four as a Federation mediator during their civil war. Not so strange considering these charges. How about a traitor? It says Dax betrayed the Klaestron government to the rebels. But did you know the symbiont inside the man? [Dax's quarters] As long as it takes. There's nowhere else on the station that's suitable. I'm sure Lieutenant Dax would appreciate it. You know, that wall's going to have to come in about five metres. Of course, after you move the wall that'll mean your second level holosuites'll have to come down. New restrictions. Building codes. Since the provisional government took over, they've got their hands into everything and of course, I'm the one who's expected to enforce their rules here. You know, I think the bar is just a little too near the exit. No, it's just business. And business is business. [Promenade] Well, now that's a coincidence. Our good friend Quark just donated the use of his facility for the hearing. I thought so. This case has thirty years of dust covering it. The extradition hearing'll take about thirty minutes. Good luck. [Quark's] (The lady Judge opens proceedings) Well, I know two things so far. Whoever did murder that General Ardelon Tandro, it got his troops so mad they went out and won their civil war. They made the General a national hero. There are statues of him all over the place. Second, everyone that's old enough to remember says the General and Curzon Dax were the closest of friends. Comrades, inseparable. But treason, plus the murder of his own best friend? Strange business. If those charges are true, I'd want to hang Curzon Dax up by his heels myself. Don't worry, I'll do my job. The General left a widow. If the two men were that close, she has to remember something about Curzon Dax that's not in the record. You'll hear from me. [Enina Tandro's home] You're certain of that? But your own son Is that a personal opinion or are there any facts that would support this. It might help my people to know what they are. Then your son must believe that Dax made the transmission. So Dax has no alibi. I don't know. Thank you. You've been helpful. Ma'am? He's gone. The Dax your son is trying to extradite is Jadzia Dax, a twenty eight year old woman. Curzon Dax died two years ago. Jadzia is the new host. I've made some progress. Not good. Since the transmission to the enemy is the key evidence, I thought it might be a good idea to go through all the communications logs from headquarters during that period. I even found Curzon Dax's records. No. Nothing like that. But the log shows a number of conversations between Dax's office and General Tandro's home. A number of the conversations took place when the General was away at the front. The wife. Maybe it was innocent. Maybe he was just providing a little emotional support during tough times. Or maybe they were taking advantage of the General's absence to get a little closer. If they were having an affair, that translates into a pretty solid motive for murder. [Enina Tandro's home] The conversations were just the beginning. I've also found records of gifts, of holidays spent at an inn outside the capital. It serves the truth. If there's more to this than meets the eye, I hope you'll explain, because as it stands, this will severely hurt Dax's defence. But you don't. They may have to hear it now.
Umpire? Well, wouldn't a holographic umpire be more accurate? Well, that's very flattering. All right. The Infirmary? My moves? [Infirmary] Safe! You're out! You're out! [Sisko's quarters] (Sisko is getting a back rub.) Play ball! (And looks around as it all goes quiet behind him. Rom is now alone.) Batter up! (The Logicians bat first.) Batter up. Strike three. (Kira misses.) Strike three. (Worf misses.) Strike three. Out! Safe! (The team are delighted.) Strike one. Ball one. Ball two. Foul ball. Strike two. Ball three. Time. (Worf checks the scoreboard. The Logicians didn't get any runs in the 5th.) Let's go, batter. Strike three! It caught the outside corner. Gentlemen, you are trying my patience. You. You're out of here! No player shall at any time make contact with the umpire in any manner. The prescribed penalty for the violation is immediate ejection from the game. Rule number four point zero six, subsection a, paragraph four. Look it up, but do it in the stands. You're gone. (In the dugout.) Play ball. Ball one. (Sisko joins Rom in the stands, but a few rows away.) Strike one. Batter up. (The Vulcan batter runs, as does the one on first.) You're out! Safe. (Jake goes up to bat.) Time! Strike one. Strike two! Safe! You're gone! [Quark's]
I've heard of security weapons like this. A radiation pulse that vaporises any intruder who doesn't enter the proper code. So would I.
Lucky for you. No, but I can arrest you for negligence. Your own records show your holosuites are in desperate need of maintenance. Tell it to the magistrate. [Infirmary] Well then we'll put her in H two, Veta in D nine, and Rifkin in K four. But he's only a captain. So is keelhauling, but right now we should focus on accommodations. Don't you agree, Major? Major? I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt your reverie. Or else he made a very lucky guess. I wonder if the Prophets can help us find quarters for Captain Rifkin. (Kai Winn enters) I was about to say the same to you. [Promenade - upper level]
I've nothing to be proud of. I tried to bring order to a chaotic situation, that's all. Could we be in a holosuite? I don't recall. But whatever's happened, we have to leave this place. Get off the station. Garak. Captain, the authorities on Terok Nor will not be looking for reasons to help us. They will be looking for a reason to interrogate us, and believe me, you do not want to be interrogated by the Cardassians. I don't know. My predecessor? Oh, yes. The man talking to Dukat. His name is Thrax. He was in charge of security on the Promenade before me. A random interrogation, forced labour relocation. It could be anything. Computer access was extremely limited on Terok Nor. I see I'm going to have to add the word pickpocket to your resume. Interesting that a simple tailor should just happen to have a high-level security code. I'm a bookkeeper. Forty six years old. I have a wife and two sons in Rakantha Province, and my name is Timor Landi. How much damage would it do to the timeline if Quark were to suffer a mysterious accident? The smell's making me sick. I recognised the other two names from the security files kept during the Occupation. Timor, Ishan and Jillur were the names of three Bajorans who were accused of attempting to assassinate Gul Dukat on the Promenade. These three were innocent. However, no one knew that at the time and Dukat wanted to make an example of them, so he had them led out onto the Promenade and publicly executed. Yes. (Garak uses the stolen ID device.) None of this makes any sense, Garak. Now I suggest we concentrate on finding a way out of here. That's our priority. It's simple and effective. (the blood is gone) Yes. Just slipped out of my hand. Captain, no! (Belar and Garak go the other way) Captain, we can't stay. They'll take care of her but we must go Why would the witnesses risk their lives for three strangers? They're out there, but you have to go look for them. TNC is also a cleaning solution, which is what we were using in Quark's. After fifty years of occupation, is there anyone left on Bajor who doesn't have some tie to the resistance? Interrogate the troops yourself, don't just take their report at face value. Then run a ballistic analysis of the explosion. If you examine the fragmentation dispersal pattern, you'll find that we couldn't have thrown the grenade from our position at the table. It had to have come from All of which is circumstantial. Go beneath the surface. Conduct a real investigation. No! Wait! I need to talk to you! Let me talk to you alone for just a moment! Please, listen to me! [Dukat's office] What do you want to know? I wouldn't know. He was gone by the time I came aboard the station. You're implying that I should know the answers, that I'm holding back information? I don't know! (A hole is blown in the cell wall) It doesn't have to happen again [Terok Nor - Corridor] We've got to find another way out of here. I don't know. I don't know. What makes you think I have the answers? Yes. It's urgent. (Thrax lets Odo out) [Terok Nor - Security office] You're about to make a very serious mistake. That's right, and I can prove it. Compare this attack to recent bombings on Bajor. You'll find a similarity to four incidents in Musilla Province, none of which we could have done. Your job is to find the truth, not obtain convictions. I wouldn't be too sure about that. We're talking about the attempt on Gul Dukat's life, not the socio-political ramifications of the resistance. There is more to life than the rule of law. I didn't want to tell you this. I don't know what the consequences will be, but we're not terrorists. We're not even Bajorans. There's been a temporal displacement of some kind. We don't belong in this time. We're from the future. You know? Then what are you going to do about it? Why aren't I with them? They haven't done anything. They don't belong here. But this isn't what happened. It wasn't these people. No! I'm not going to let this happen again! Not again! (Odo knocks the gun out of the soldier's hands.) You can't execute them. You don't even belong here. I do. (Suddenly everyone is back in their proper clothes, and there is weapon fire nearby. The executions are taking place on another crossover bridge, with another Odo watching. Their eyes meet then the historical characters vanish.) That's exactly how it happened seven years ago. Yes. I was Chief of Security on the Promenade. I was the one who charged those men with a crime they didn't commit, and I was the one who turned them over to Dukat. Three days after the executions there was another bombing on the Promenade, identical to the one that almost killed Dukat. Timor, Ishan and Jillur were innocent. All the evidence was there. The inconsistencies in the reports of the soldiers who arrested them, a pattern of bombings, the ballistics. It was all there from the beginning but I was too busy, too concerned with maintaining order and the rule of law. I thought of myself as the outsider, the shape-shifter who cared for nothing but justice. It never occurred to me that I could fail, but I did. And I never wanted anyone to know the truth. That seven years ago, I allowed three innocent men to die. (Sisko, Dax and Garak disappear.) The Link? How is that possible? I'm a solid now. When the plasma storm hit the runabout it activated the enzymes and initiated a telepathic response. And just before the accident, I was thinking about the executions. Somehow being in the Link must have forced me to relive it, and admit the truth about what I'd done. I'm guilty. What more is there to say? Now I'm just another imperfect solid. I'm not sure. I hope so. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
It's a little late for services, Major. I understand you've stopped visiting Ghemor. Is he? Really. I've seen his file, too, Major. He was nineteen when Kiessa was destroyed. He'd been in the military for less than a year and was only one of four hundred soldiers at the monastery. There's no way of knowing if he even fired a shot. This isn't about Ghemor's war record. If it really mattered, you wouldn't have waited for Dukat to hand it to you. You would have looked it up yourself. Ah. No, I wasn't saying that at all. Are you? [Bajoran resistance] (Taban is writhing in agony.)
Wherever you can find room. I suppose. Though I did enjoy sleeping in a bed. Except that now when I'm asleep I tend to revert to my gelatinous state and slide onto the floor. No, the bed goes. I'm a changeling, not a solid. There's no use pretending otherwise. I'll take that. I thought I was going to be a humanoid for the rest of my life. There were certain things I only read the first three chapters. Why waste my time? Romance is for solids. I'll keep that in mind, Major. Right now I'd be satisfied just getting this room in order. Go ahead, Commander. Not Elgol-red or Fifth Order military encryption. Strange. Most Cardassian codes use a recursive encryption algorithm, but this has a completely different coding system. It might take some time. We do have an expert in Cardassian codes living on the station. If we close the wormhole, he and Garak will be trapped in the Gamma Quadrant.
Peldor joi to you too, Major. Well, it's, er, it's hard to believe the Promenade is this empty at midday. Actually, I was thinking of joining you this year. I don't see why not. None of my Bajoran deputies work during the Gratitude Festival. Why should I? Besides, if I'm going to live here with you humanoids, I may as well immerse myself in your rituals. I'd like that, if you're not too busy being the Presider at the Festival. Oh. I thought he'd be celebrating the Festival on Bajor. Well, you'd better go. It'll be here soon. I usually make it a point to drop by Quark's three or four times a day at random intervals, just to let him know that I'm thinking about him. But seeing today is a holiday, he'll be busier than usual. I suggest you station a man there full time. I think that about covers it. If you need me, I'll be on the Promenade. Madame Ambassador. Come back in five minutes. So, what brings you to the station. Excuse me? You heard about that? What kind of help do you mean? Well, that's very considerate of you, but unnecessary. My people are who they are, and I am who I am. I've learned to accept that. Actually, I was planning to attend the opening of the Gratitude Festival this afternoon. I'm sorry, I don't dance. That wasn't dancing. That was swaying. I just remembered, I'm needed in Security. Hello, Lieutenant. Having a good time? I really can't accept this. That's very thoughtful but I have nothing to give you in return. Major. Aren't you headed in the wrong direction? I thought the two of you were very happy together. I'm fine. As soon as something bothers me, I'll let you know. I promise. I'll be right back. Yes, of course you will. [Infirmary] (The hot date continues) Doctor. Commander Sisko needs to see you in the Wardroom. Now, Doctor! I can't explain it either. (Lwaxana enters and puts Odo's arms around herself.) I know I'll never forget it. I don't know what you mean. I'll keep that in mind. [Airlock]
I found twenty seven voles in his storeroom. When I came in, he and Morn were painting numbers on the voles' backs. We were just leaving. Come on, let's go break the news to Morn.
What is it, Quark? So much for Quark-tajino. Something wrong, Captain? You wanted to see me, Captain? I'll be fine. The only permanent damage was to my pride. Quark wanted me to keep an eye on two Yridians who he suspected were cheating at dabo. Turned out he was right. I could see from the second level that one of them was using a miniature gravimetric scanner to predict where the ball would land on the wheel, and signalling the information to his partner. I started down the stairs to make the arrest. One of them spotted me. They bolted, I pursued. I'm afraid I got a bit carried away. I was planning to change form in mid-air and become a Tarkalean condor. I thought so. Solid. I wonder why my people use that term. Humanoid bodies are so fragile. You're worried about Jake. I'm sure that Doctor Bashir is looking after him. Try not to worry, Captain. It won't do you or Jake any good. But Jake is eighteen years old. Does your father still worry about you? Ah. I never realised how stressful it is to be a parent. I have to say, I don't think it's for me. What about Ajilon Prime? Without reinforcements
