I've just taken over the verteron array on Mars. I can now fire on any ship or facility in the system. (He blasts a new crater on the Moon.) [Bridge] I have no intention of using this weapon again, provided that every single non-human in our system leaves immediately. I know there will be questions. We've been dealing with non-humans for almost a century. Judge the evidence for yourselves. The citizen soldiers of Terra Prime will act to protect you against the most dangerous enemy that humanity has ever faced. (The baby is shown on the viewscreen.) [Starfleet Command] Do not be deceived. This is no ordinary, innocent child. This is an alien-human hybrid. Living proof of what will happen if we allow ourselves to be submerged in an interstellar coalition. Our genetic heritage Terra Prime is dedicated to the protection of life in all of its diversity. So for the next twenty four hours, we guarantee safe passage to all aliens leaving our solar system. So long as non-humans keep to their own worlds, But if any alien, if one single alien remains after the deadline, Terra Prime will defend the sovereignty of every single human being (The image zooms in on a building.) And we will begin by destroying the institution whose blind arrogance and moral cowardice have put us all at risk. Starfleet Command. We do not seek war, but if the aliens do not leave, and force us to fight, I make this solemn promise to all of the sons and daughters of Earth. Our future will be secure because humanity will prevail. It's unharmed, just as I said. There's nothing normal about it. The medical freezers on your ship hold bio-samples from your entire crew. Terra Prime has supporters everywhere. I've let you see your daughter. That's my half of the bargain. Now it's your turn. (Tucker and Paxton step out of the room, so we can see the module label 03-47 by the door.) I need to make modifications on my ship. I need you to refine my targeting system. You really think I'm going to give you a choice? (Josiah puts a gun to T'Pol's head.) [San Francisco - night] All the rocking in the world will not make that child Vulcan or human. Don't you realise that baby is, (his hand shakes) That baby is as much a threat to your species as it is to mine? That child is a cross-breed freak. How many generations before our genome is so diluted that the word human is nothing more than a footnote in some medical text? The same thing could happen to your people, or don't you care about that? Change in this case means extinction, and I, for one, will not let that baby bring humanity to that point. I won't have to. (As he turns to leave, T'Pol quickly scans him.) There's nothing aliens like better than to see us fighting one another. They're together. You'll eat as soon as you finish your work. All you've done is try to sabotage the targeting system. Please. I've been monitoring your work from the control centre. To be honest, I'd have been disappointed if you hadn't tried to sabotage the array. But you did, which proves you're a man of principle. That is why I know you're going to refine the array just as you promised. In two hours I am going to fire a verteron beam directly at Starfleet Command. Now, with this targeting system the way it is, I will hit Starfleet but I'll also take out half of San Francisco along with it. I need a scalpel, not a bludgeon. Starfleet's been warned, if that's what concerns you. Now you can either help me, and a few empty buildings will be destroyed, or you refuse me, and millions may die. If you are so eager for a bloodbath, a bloodbath is what you will get. Put him in detention. And make sure he has a news screen. I want him to see the bodies when they start to pull them from the rubble. [T'Pol's room] (She's trying to bond with the baby.) I'm told you have something to say to me. I keep no secrets from my men. Josiah, give us the room. No one leaves this facility. What, have you been inhaling the atmosphere? What makes you think you can dictate terms to me? You're not a doctor. This is not the time for timidity and second guessing. We cannot afford to doubt ourselves. I'm not the first significant leader who failed to measure up to his own ideal. History will determine that! So go ahead, tell my followers what you wish. See if they take the word of an alien over mine. What's wrong with your child? Well, its two halves are warring with one another. Alien and human. Conflict was inevitable. He (opens the door.) Josiah. (Josiah comes in to take T'Pol away.) Your child and the Coalition of Planets, both doomed from the beginning. [Mars] I never expected them to comply. Let's get this done. [Bridge] Josiah, begin the firing sequence. [Bridge] Jonathan Archer, the man who delivered us from the Xindi. Well, look at you now. I know the reason you turned your back on humanity. I blame your father. He wanted the secrets of warp technology so badly, he allowed the Vulcans to turn him into their pet human. And you, well, the sins of the father. (The window continues to splinter.) My father never asked anything from anyone. His mining operations transformed the moon from a mere colony into a completely self-sufficient world, and that is how we should go to the stars. Taking the worlds we need and taming them, with human hands, and human minds, and human souls. That's not our problem. We're each his father's child. (The window finally gives up and Archer falls.) I've been a miner all my life. You get used to the low oxygen. (He gets to the control panel.) I've locked the sequence. You can't stop it from firing. I've locked it! Terra Prime, forever. (Paxton passes out, and we see the beam hit San Francisco - the bay, harmlessly, apart from a tidal surge.)
How serious? I told you to notify me if there was any trouble. Now, you say this has been going on for days? Well? That's good news, for both of you. She looks so innocent. It's almost possible to forget what she represents. No. (They leave, and we get a good look at a little blue-eyed baby with pointed ears.) Captain's Starlog, January 19, 2155. Enterprise has been called home for what could prove to be a pivotal moment in human history. [Starfleet Command] (In San Francisco, Starfleet is acting as a conference centre where representatives from several worlds are seated around a large horse-shoe shaped table, listening to a speech by a human. It is being taped by the press, and there are also spectators, including the Enterprise crew standing on a staircase.) You recruited her. Obviously, you were mistaken. We can't be sure what she told them. Anyway, I'm more concerned with why she turned away from us. And what about you? Yes. You've spent as much time with that child as she did. This isn't anyone else. This is an abomination. And when the time comes, it will be treated as such. Well, I'm going to miss this place. The simplicity. There's no middle ground here and I can see the Earth. Send in Greaves on your way out. Tell them I appreciate their hard work. There's one other thing. A loose end that needs tying up. Put together a group, have them meet me at the third junction in, say, one hour. The Third World War had just ended and the cease-fire was barely three years old. Colonel Green. One of many men history has misunderstood. (switching off the screen) Before my father died and left me in this facility, I was studying to be a historian. Until I had a very verbal confrontation with a certain professor who claimed that Green was nothing more than a genocidal madman. Green euthanised hundreds of thousands who were afflicted with radiation damage. Their millions of descendants would've endured horrible disease, yet history, history never says anything about that suffering that Greene prevented. Makes me wonder if I'll be remembered with any more accuracy. Really? Sometimes, I'm not certain I understand myself. I'm sure Greene told himself the same thing. Daniel, you are a wise man. That's wonderful. Wonderful. Thank you. (After Greaves leaves, Paxton goes to his desk, gets out a hypospray and injects himself.) [Corridor] (Gannet is getting her tour and interview.) It's not worth it, Romeo. Juliet's in good hands. The two star-crossed lovers. I can't help but wonder whether your little drama will end happier than that famous double suicide in a medieval tomb. John Frederick Paxton. I run this facility. You're right there, Commander. My mining business is about to take a turn for the worse. Daniel, get started. Behind this? No. I lead this, and proudly too. Before you ask, your child is safe and sound, finally sleeping through the night. I forgot how much trouble a newborn can be. No. And no is a word that Starfleet better get used to hearing from now on. Because up until today, it's always been yes, hasn't it? Yes, yes, go right ahead. roam the stars. Yes, inform potentially hostile species of the whereabouts of Earth. Yes, entrust the entire future of our world to non-human creatures who don't even feel like we do. Yes, promote the total degradation of mankind by encouraging alien-human relations. Well, yes is a word that ends here and now. I'm returning Earth to its rightful owners. I am giving Earth back to humanity, back to human beings. It is my life's work. It is what I was born to do, and there is no one, not an alien, not a human, that will stop me from achieving it. [Another room] My father designed this facility. He knew that mining was an unpredictable business. Mines tap out, veins dry up. Go to launch mode, Daniel. You're an engineer. I think you'll appreciate this. Take a good long look. (The main superstructure of the mining facility starts to change configuration. It detaches itself from the moon's surface and engines start up.) For you, this'll be like a walk across the street. Lock it up. (Steel shutters close across the windows.) You better hang onto something. She gets a little rusty out of the gate. (Orpheus takes off.) [Conference room] Ignore them. Reactor status? A five second burst. I plan on luck. Go. That was a magnificent piece of flying, Daniel. Impress me again. Let's see it. (They're coming in to land near a massive ray-gun device.) Tie us in. (A clamp fastens onto a pipe.) Let's take in the view. (The shutters open.) PAXTON: This is where it all begins. Josiah. [Bridge] My name is John Frederick Paxton. I've just taken over the verteron array on Mars. I can now fire on any ship or facility in the system. (The big ray gun turns and fires a beam.) I have no intention of using this weapon again, provided that every single non-human in our system leaves immediately. A new era is at hand, an era that will expose the concept of interspecies unity as an absolute and vicious lie. An era that will witness the advent of a human-centred consciousness [Orpheus Bridge] that will place our world before all others. As of this moment, mankind casts off the shackles of alien interference and now determines its own fate. [Bridge] Terra Prime forever. To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
