I will not have you telling me what course to set. Oh, please. I feel fine. This ship has a mission to carry out. And I 'was looking forward to seeing the Epsilon Pulsar Cluster for myself. Absolutely not. That's not the point. It would be (deep breath) It would be inappropriate for you to carry out the procedure. Meaning? Ensign. I understand you're leaving for Starbase Five One Five. Good. I have business there. I shall accompany you. Prepare the shuttle for immediate departure. Hardly, Number One. I'm well aware of that fact. You have the Bridge. Carry on. [Ready room] (Picard is packing books for his journey) Come. Yes, what is it, Number One? Ensign Crusher and I will rendezvous with you on your return from the Epsilon Pulsar Cluster. Consider it Captain's privilege. This has nothing to do with ship's business, Number One. Suffice it to say, it is strictly a matter of image. [Corridor] More like a late twenty-second century interplanetary journey. You should read more history, Ensign. Complete waste of time. I shouldn't be taking this trip at all. I should be back on board the Enterprise. Well, it's certainly not my idea. I'm sorry, Ensign, I didn't mean to take it out on you. I just hate the prospect of another damned cardiac replacement. Well, now you do. What else would it be? My heart was injured and a replacement was necessary. That would have been it, except that the replacement is faulty. Just pilot the shuttle, Ensign. [Pakled ship] (La Forge beams in and is immediately crowded by four very big guys. Think Vogons without the green skin) Van Doren's technique has been perfected to two point four percent. The cardiac replacement procedure. It has a very low mortality rate. Two point four percent. Just not overly thrilled at the prospect of having my innards becoming the subject of Starfleet gossip. Let's say I have personal reasons and leave it at that, shall we? [Pakled ship] What? Ensign. Wesley, that's not true. You're a fine young man. Is it? How so? Thank you. (Picard takes his book to a rear seat) Wishing for a thing does not make it so. [Bridge] (The Bridge crew are watching the activity, or lack of it, on the Pakled ship) Would you care for some coffee, Ensign? How about a sandwich? Oh, come on, it's been hours. You must be hungry. (Wesley takes a sandwich) Here. (throws him a napkin) Never had the time. For ambitious Starfleet officers, there are certain costs involved. One must be cautious of long-term commitments, Wesley. Really? I always rather had to work at that. Good Lord, no. If I was, I wouldn't have this problem. Well, I was a young Starfleet officer, not many years older than you are now. Top of my Academy Class. Green as hell. And oh, so cocky. Too cocky, as it turned out. Several friends and I were on leave at Farspace Starbase Earhart. It was little more than a galactic outpost in those days. That's right. Well, my mates and I were at the Bonestell Recreation Facility, which was something of a dead rough crossroads at the time, filled with an assorted bunch of galactic riffraff. When a trio of Nausicaans came in, they were clearly spoiling for a confrontation with a group of fresh-faced Starfleet officers such as ourselves. Well, everyone in the group had the good sense to give these Nausicaans a wide berth, to stand off. Everyone, that is, except me. I stood toe to toe with the worst of the three, and I told him what I thought of him, his pals, his planet, and I possibly made some passing reference to his questionable parentage. And the next thing I knew, all three of them were on me and I was fighting for my life. I was actually doing quite well for a while, too. I had this one Nausicaan down in this somewhat devious joint-lock when, unbeknownst to me, one of his chums drew his weapon and impaled me through the back. Curious sensation, actually. Not much pain. Shock, certainly, at the sight of serrated metal sticking through my chest. A certain giddy warmth. In fact I do actually remember that I laughed out loud. Well, it pierced my heart, of course. Well, if we'd not been so near to a medical facility, I would surely have died. Nothing. I was no hero, Wesley. I was an undisciplined, loud-mouthed, opinionated young man who was way out of his league. I learned a very hard, very painful lesson that day, but I learned it well. I hope you never have to learn it the same way. Care for another sandwich? At last. Did you read that book I gave you? That's reassuring. There is no greater challenge than the study of philosophy. The important things never will be. Anyone can be trained in the mechanics of piloting a starship. It takes more. Open your mind to the past. Art, history, philosophy. And all this may mean something. [Bridge] I hope you won't be late for your exams. Why do I get the distinct impression you're acting like some kind of escort? That woman. She would. Yes, what is it, Ensign? So did I. [Bridge] Just get on with it, Doctor. I've got work to do. What the hell are you doing here? Oh, come on. This is a routine procedure. Quite commonplace. I didn't want you involved in this. If you're here, the entire crew must know. Thank you. [Bridge] (Picard and Wesley enter to a round of applause) I beg your pardon? I'm pleased to report that Ensign Crusher's Starfleet exam results permit him to continue his studies on board the Enterprise. Furthermore, any rumours of my brush with death are greatly exaggerated. Is that clear? Then, Ensign Crusher, set course for the Epsilon Sector, warp five. Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Where is it coming from? Life signs? Go ahead, Number One. Away team, prepare to return to the ship. Your concern is noted, Doctor, but any intervention on our part would alert the Borg to our having been here. [Crash site] Security measures must be taken before we beam it on board. Mister Data, notify Security to prepare a detention cell. Bridge to Engineering. We're bringing a Borg survivor on board. We'll need to neutralise the homing signal [Engineering] Prevent it from sending or receiving transmissions of any kind. Very well. [Crash site] Picard to Riker. We are transporting you directly to the detention cell. The cell, Doctor. Whatever equipment you need will be brought to you there. Come. I don't think so, Counsellor. I'm quite recovered from my experience, thank you. Counsellor. Counsellor, I very much appreciate your concern for me, but I can assure you it is quite misplaced. I have carefully considered the implications of having a Borg on this ship. I have weighed the possible risks, and I am convinced that we are doing the right thing. Now, I am quite comfortable with my decision. I shall certainly avail myself of your help. [Brig] (Crusher is treating the Borg inside the cell) The Borg will die if they're removed permanently. Their brains grow dependent on the biochips. Mister La Forge, do you know enough about Borg programming to alter the pathways to their root command structure? If we could get to the root command, we could introduce an invasive programming sequence through its biochip system and then return it to the hive. Which would infect the entire Collective. We could disable their neural network at a stroke. Quite right, Doctor. If all goes well, a terminal one. [Observation lounge] Comments. Which under most circumstances would be unconscionable. But as I see it, the Borg leave us with little choice. They've declared war on our way of life. We are to be assimilated. Think of them as a single, collective being. There's no one Borg who is more an individual than your arm or your leg. Your point, Doctor? It comes down to this. We're faced with an enemy who are determined to destroy us, and we have no hope of negotiating a peace. Unless that changes, we are justified in doing anything we can to survive. Picard here. Acknowledged. We proceed with the plan. [Brig] (the Borg is checking every millimetre of the walls and forcefield) He's trying to find an access terminal so he can interface with the collective. He doesn't understand that the signal has been cut off. He's alone. For the first time he's being forced to cope with his environment without the resources of the Collective. Arrange to feed it. Last week when you scored two touches, you liked it well enough. Today you were dropping your foil. You kept letting me inside. Yes. I'm not sure. I hope so. It was an errand of mercy. He was injured, Doctor Crusher decided for humanitarian reasons to care for him. Shall we go again? (after exchanging parries and thrusts, Guinan grabs her thigh in pain) Are you all right? (she disarms him and scores a touch) What is it, Number One? Analysis. How long do we have? It looks harmless enough. How can a geometric form disable a computer system? Quite original. How long before a total systems failure? When can you begin the process? Very well. Begin as soon as you're ready. (Data leaves) In what way? I see. Centuries ago, when laboratory animals were used for experiments, scientists would sometimes become attached to the creatures. This would a problem if the experiment involved killing them. I would suggest that you unattach yourself from the Borg, Mister La Forge. Guinan. Please, come in. No, I'm delighted to see you. Can I get you something to drink? Well. a strong forearm is certainly an advantage in fencing. Surprised? If you're here to persuade me not to use the invasive programme. Two days ago, you were so upset about the Borg even being on the ship that you tore my foil out of my hand. And now you're here questioning whether it should be treated as the enemy. I haven't talked to it. I saw no need. It's not a person, damn it, it's a Borg! Because it's been given a name by a member of my crew doesn't mean it's not a Borg. Because it's young doesn't mean that it's innocent. It is what it is, and in spite of efforts to turn it into some kind of pet I will not alter my plans. Yes, Lieutenant. Proceed. (Worf and Hugh are beamed in) Lieutenant, you may wait outside. (Worf hesitates then leaves) Yes. I am Locutus of Borg. This is a primitive culture. I am here to facilitate its incorporation. Identify yourself. Identify yourself. This is not a Borg identification. This culture will be assimilated. Irrelevant. Resistance is futile. They will be found. It is inevitable. All will be assimilated. Yes. Then he will die. You will assist us to assimilate this vessel. You are Borg. You will assist us. What did you say? I? But you are Borg. I think I deliberately avoided speaking with the Borg because I didn't want anything to get in the way of our plan. But now that I have, he seems to be a fully realised individual. He has even accepted me as Picard, Captain of this ship, and not as Locutus. Yes. To use him in this manner, we'd be no better than the enemy that we seek to destroy. So, I want other options. I doubt it. There'd be nothing to gain. It's more likely that they would simply wipe out his memory of those experiences. But perhaps in that short time before they purge his memory, the sense of individuality which he has gained here might be transmitted throughout the entire Borg Collective. Every one of the Borg being given the opportunity to experience the feeling of singularity. Perhaps that's the most pernicious programme of all. The knowledge of self being spread throughout the Collective, in that brief moment, might alter them forever. We leave his memory intact. Hugh, a Borg rescue vessel is approaching. It will be here within three hours. We can return you to the crash site, where they will find you and take then you home. Or, if you wish, you can stay here with us. Well, we'll deal with the repercussions later. We must know what you want. We could grant you asylum, Hugh. The Borg ship will enter orbit in one hour. You'll soon be headed home. We'll beam him down and then we'll take up a position in the star's chromosphere. The interference will hide us from their sensors. My experience suggests that they would ignore him. Would you agree? Because they needed a liaison to communicate with humans. They ignored every away team we sent to their ship, including yours, Doctor. You may accompany him. Goodbye. Energise. [Crash site] Increase power to the shields. Hold us here.
Q, what is going on? You are not God. No. I am not dead. Because I refuse to believe that the afterlife is run by you. The universe is not so badly designed. Father. Q, enough of this. Q, stop this. Whom I've killed? What do you mean? I've no intention of performing for your amusement. I find it hard to believe that you are doing this for the benefit of my soul. A little time together? How much? If I'm really dead, then my only regret is dying and finding you here. Is that? A mistake. I regret a great many things from those days. No, it wasn't. I was a different person in those days. Arrogant, undisciplined, with far too much ego and too little wisdom. I was more like you. The pity is that I had to be impaled through the back before I learned that lesson. I started that fight with those Nausicaans. I started it because, because I was young and cocky. If I'd been more responsible in those days, I wouldn't have needed this heart, and I wouldn't have died from a random energy surge thirty years later. Things would be different. [Starbase - Picard's quarters] 8.27 (Picard, in old style uniform, gets slapped across the face by a woman who then storms out of the room) Cortan? Cortan Zweller? Marta Batanides. Yes, I'm fine. I'm just a little disoriented, that's all. I'll catch up with you there. Yes, I'm fine. Really, Marta, I'm fine. Q. What's the point of creating this fantasy? I certainly don't look it. So, Q, I thought you told me that I was dead. Now it seems that I'm alive. Let's say for the moment that may be true. What is the purpose of bringing me here? Change them? You mean change the past? Q, even if you have been able to bring me back in time somehow, surely you must realise that any alteration in this timeline will have a profound impact on the future. I won't do it. I won't alter history. Starbase Earhart. We came here right after graduation to await our first deep space assignments. Then I won't die? What if I don't avoid the fight? What if I won't make the changes? Wonderful. Her name was Corlina. I'd arranged to take her out today, and then she discovered that I had already made a second date with another woman called, er, Penny, and Corlina was naturally upset. Computer, what is the time right now? In fact, Penny is waiting for me right now. I'm just a little more contemplative. Penny, er, do you think we could just talk for a while. I don't know anything about you. Where you're from, what your interests are, your last name. No, no, not at all. I think you're a very handsome woman. You're certainly not an old lady. (she throws her drink in his face) I wasn't. I was a puerile adolescent who allowed himself to be led by his hormones instead of his head. Of course. She decided to leave. Corey, don't play him. It'll cause trouble. He's a Nausicaan. They can get very ill-tempered if they lose. No, Corey, listen to me. This is a big mistake. Don't play him. I'm sorry to disappoint you. He's going to lose. The Nausicaan is cheating. If history repeats itself, Corey will figure it out later tonight, and then he'll want revenge. I did last time. I rigged the table so that he would win in a rematch. It was a stupid mistake. The Nausicaan didn't take kindly to losing. Nor his friends. They were outraged. They wanted a fight. I gave them one. Corey, that won't solve anything. All it'll do is provoke him. And provoking a Nausicaan is not a good idea. What if he's not alone? What if he brings some of his Nausicaan friends with him? Corey, there's got to be a better way to handle this. Look Corey, we're not cadets anymore. We're officers. We should start to set a higher standard for ourselves. I hope so. What? Yes, that would be more in character, wouldn't it? Perhaps it's just that I'm getting older. It's going to take some getting used to. Oh, of course. (doorbell) Come. No, Q, you did not. We were friends, nothing more. My friendship with Marta is not something I regret. Q, what is it you want? Corey. Sorry. Corey, I'm not here to help you. I'm here to stop you from making a serious mistake. Cheating the Nausicaans could have serious consequences for all of us. It's a risk we can't afford to take. This is not a joke, Corey. I said you're not doing this. No. But I'll tell the gambling foreman someone's been tampering with his dom-jot table. I just couldn't make him understand. Yes, but he didn't take it very well. I hope you're right, because he and I were friends for years after this. I mean, I hope we will be. You know, you keep smiling at me. Do I really seem that different? Really? Yes, I have, actually. I've thought about it for a long time. I don't know. And at this moment, I really have no idea why not. I don't feel guilty about anything, Q. And we're still friends. I don't know. What I do know is, things will be different. Good morning. What's wrong? Look, I don't regret anything that happened last night. I hope you don't either. Then perhaps we should forget about what happened and try to I don't want you to do anything that makes you uncomfortable. I think you'll like serving on board the Ajax. I hear that Captain Narth is an excellent officer. Well, here's to the class of 'twenty seven. (three Nausicaans enter) I don't think we're interested. Don't be a fool, Corey. Look, there are plenty of other people to play dom-jot with. Now just go about your business. I'm sorry, Corey. He was reaching for a weapon. Mister Worf. (Worf takes a PADD from Picard) What's happened? I'm not sure. Mister Worf, what is my rank and position? Who's the captain of this ship? No. I can find my own way there. Thank you, Commander. [Doctor's office] Beverly, something's happened to me. I'm not sure Q, what have you done? But this is not the present I remember. You said nothing would change. Excuse me, am I interrupting? Thank you. I'd like to talk to you for a moment about my future on the Enterprise. No, please, Counsellor, I would very much like to hear your thoughts. First of all, and I would like you to be absolutely straightforward with me. How would you evaluate me as an officer? I see. What would you say if I told you that I believed that I was capable of being very much more. I would appreciate it if we could discuss it now. You see, I feel that I would like to move beyond astrophysics to Engineering or Security, something that might even lead to Command. Why? Please. This is important to me. I believe that I can do more. Would that be your evaluation as well, Commander? I see. Just not one who stands out. But, Command? All right, Q, that's enough. You've made your point. Q? I'm on my way, sir. [Turbolift] Main Engineering. Are you having a good laugh now, Q? Does it amuse you to think of me living out the rest of my life as a dreary man in a tedious job? [Limbo] I can't live out my days as that person. That man is bereft of passion and imagination. That is not who I am. You're right, Q. You gave me the chance to change and I took the opportunity. But I admit now, it was a mistake. Give me a chance to put things back the way they were before. I would rather die as the man I was than live the life I just saw. [Bonestell Facility casino] What did you say? That's what I thought you said. (and Picard hits the Nausicaan. Corey and Marta take on the other two but don't do nearly as well. Finally Picard gets stabbed, sees the knife sticking out of his chest, and laughs) [Sickbay] ({Picard is laughing on the biobed) I still don't know what to make of it. Was it a dream? Was it one of Q's elaborate tricks? And, you know, there's still a part of me that cannot accept that Q would give me a second chance, or that he would demonstrate so much compassion. And if it was Q, I owe him a debt of gratitude. There are many parts of my youth that I'm not proud of. There were loose threads, untidy parts of me that I would like to remove. But when I pulled on one of those threads it unraveled the tapestry of my life. Oh, well, to tell the truth, that wasn't the first run-in I'd had with a couple of surly Nausicaans. Oh, yes. During my sophomore year, I was assigned to training on Morikin Seven. Well, there was a Nausicaan outpost on one of the outlying asteroids, and one day <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Mister La Forge, report. Who are studying an extended family of Mintakans at close range from a camouflaged observation post. Which is not surprising, considering how closely their evolution parallels Vulcan. Thank you, Lieutenant. On screen. (a dodgy image with lots of interference lines) Do you have battery backup? Make it so. We're on our way. (They see a big explosion on the screen. One man escapes through the now-exposed observation window on to the planet surface proper) Increase to warp nine. [Duck blind] (Riker, Geordi, Data, Crusher and a medic beam in, Electricity is still zapping around the metalwork) Doctor Crusher. Then why didn't you let him die? I'm not sure that I concur with that reasoning, Doctor. But now that he's here, you must remove all memory of his encounter with the away team. It has been accomplished before. Doctor Warren is here. We're doing all we can. (Liko wakes up and listens) Still on Mintaka Three. We will. Rest assured we shall not leave until he is located. Picard to bridge. Report. Very well. Put us into a close orbit. I want that four percent, Lieutenant. Picard out. Well, Doctor. Your next task is clear. [Hillside] (Liko is beamed down alone. He wakes up) So if Palmer, in his delirium, fled into a cave, we may be unable to detect his life signs? Agreed. Further contamination must be prevented. Go ahead, Number One. With the contamination? It's not as simple as that. He is surrounded by Mintakans. If he dematerialises before their eyes, the impact Number One? [Assembly hall] Is there any chance of your freeing Palmer and transporting up unseen? Try hard. [Sickbay] Picard out. I am aware of that. But each of us, including Doctor Palmer took an oath that we would uphold the Prime Directive, if necessary, with our lives. [Assembly hall] (A woman is tending Palmer's head injury) Doctor, you believe the Mintakans are capable of harming Counsellor Troi? Recommendations? Are you suggesting? Absolutely out of the question. The Prime Directive By sanctioning their false beliefs? Doctor Barron, I cannot, I will not, impose a set of commandments on these people. To do so violates the very essence of the Prime Directive. Horrifying. Doctor Barron, your report describes how rational these people are. Millennia ago, they abandoned their belief in the supernatural. Now you are asking me to sabotage that achievement, to send them back into the Dark Ages of superstition and ignorance and fear? No! We will find some way to undo the damage we've caused. Number One, tell me about this group's leader. She might be able to persuade the others. She believes the Picard is a magical figure. I'm going to show her how the magic works. I'm going to bring her aboard. [Assembly hall] Data, when sensors indicate she's alone, beam her directly to transporter room one. Ensign Hoy? I'll handle this. (Hoy leaves, and Picard beams Nuria aboard) Nuria, don't be afraid. No one is going to harm you. I am Jean Luc Picard. (Nuria falls to her knees, face down) Please, get up. Get up. You must not kneel to me. I do not deserve it. Look at me. Look at me. Feel the warmth of my hand, the rhythm of my pulse. I'm not a supreme being. I'm flesh and blood, like you. Like you. Different in appearance, yes. But we are both living beings. We are born, we grow, we live and we die. In all the ways that matter, we are alike. There is something I want you to see. (The doors open and she jumps back) Wondrous, yes, but not miraculous. The doors merely work differently from the ones you know. [Observation lounge] Seen from far, far above. Nuria, your people live in huts. Was it always so? So why do you now live in huts? If huts are better, why did you once live in caves? Just as at one time you did not know how to weave cloth, how to make a bow. Someone invented a hut. Someone invented a bow, who taught others, who taught their children, who built a stronger hut, built a better bow, who taught their children. Now, Nuria, suppose one of your cave dwelling ancestors could see you as you are today. What would she think? Put yourself in her place. You see, she cannot kill a hornbuck at a great distance. You can. You have a power she lacks. She's never seen a bow. It doesn't exist in her world. To you, it's a simple tool. To her, it's magic. Now, how would she react to you? Just as you fear me. Good. That's good. You see, my people once lived in caves. And then we learned to build huts and, in time, to build ships like this one. Of that, I have absolutely no doubt. [Assembly hall] (A storm is making itself heard) You are indeed a leader. That is not in my power. I've failed to get through to you, haven't I? Despite all my efforts. [Assembly hall] On my way. No. No, we are not. We can cure many diseases and we can repair injuries, we can even extend life. But for all our knowledge, all our advances, we are just as mortal as you are. We're just as powerless to prevent the inevitable. Liko! No. Liko. Liko, I am a man. I am not the Overseer. I am a traveller from a faraway land. Nothing more. You are no one's servant, Liko. I neither desire your obedience nor your worship. I cannot. I am not angry with you. It is beyond my power. If you believe I am all-powerful, then you cannot hurt me. If, however, I am telling the truth and I am mortal, you will kill me. But if the only proof you will believe is my death, then shoot. Now, Mister La Forge. A place where we can watch your people. To study you. To understand your ways. Discontinue, Mister La Forge. (The window vanishes again) We were once as you are now. To study you is to understand ourselves. It is our highest law that we shall not interfere with other cultures. Oh, yes, and now we must leave you. But that, too, would be interference. You must progress in your own way. Not even the stars. Always. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
An escape pod? Then he couldn't have travelled very far. Mister Data, are there any other signs of ships in this area? The remains of a larger vessel. He must have left in the pod before the ship was destroyed. Were you able to salvage anything else from the escape pod? Mister Data, can you access it? Keep me apprised of your progress. How's your patient? What are his chances? What's that? Cell regeneration? Do you have a theory as to the cause? I envy your strength of will. Doctor Crusher has been keeping me informed of your progress. It's quite extraordinary. Are you still unable to recall anything about your past? I'm quite sure of that. Have you any idea how you came to be in that escape pod, or what happened to the ship? Have you tried synaptic induction? Not a relapse I hope. You still have no theory as to what's causing it? Found something? Can you match these stars to our charts? Good. Then we can continue our mission without significant interruption. [Sickbay - room four] Yes. Using the information we found in your escape pod, we may be able to return you to your people. Why is that? Escape? We will not arrive in your star system for at least three weeks. That will give us plenty of time to discuss this further. It's understandable. (Picard and Beverly leave, and John has another golden glow moment) [Ten Forward] What configuration? Time to intercept? Try and hail them, Mister Worf. Keep monitoring their approach. Repeat the hail every half an hour. You admit you were trying to steal a shuttlecraft. So I ask you again, why? Unacceptable. You had a reason. I want to know what it was. Damn it, you nearly killed a member of my crew. I'm not forgetting that. That's the reason he's here and not in the brig. Why? Why was it dangerous? What is happening to you? Who are you? What are you? As Lieutenant Worf discovered. I'm on my way. I want him kept under constant surveillance. [Bridge] Raise shields. Slow to one third impulse power. Bring us to one zero three mark zero two five. Mister Worf, hail the alien vessel. On screen. You know him? I'm Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the United Federation of Planets. We do not intend transgression of Sunad, this individual is a guest aboard our ship. We found him dying in a shipwreck. We returned him to health. Of what is he accused? In what way? Counsellor, do they mean to carry out their threat? Commander Riker, Counsellor, Doctor. John, I want you to join us. Mister Data, you have the Bridge. Mister Worf stay at Tactical. Counter any moves the Zalkonian makes. They make serious accusations against you. You understand the difficult position in which I'm placed. I'll inform you of my decision shortly. (John leaves) We must consider all options, Doctor, and not let our personal feelings impede our judgment. Whether we approve of the Zalkonians' intentions is not the issue. But for what it's worth, I believe John is correct that his existence has broader ramifications than that of a simple criminal. It's not up to us to judge their laws, Doctor. Commander, let me remind you we are on a mission of exploration. Our purpose is to establish peaceful relations with the civilisations we encounter. If that is your wish, we will respect it. Commander, we will leave. It is not our policy to intervene in the affairs of other cultures. But before I return the survivor to you, I would appreciate a more detailed explanation of what he has done to merit a death sentence. Agreed. However, there are circumstances of which you may be unaware. The survivor has suffered a memory loss. He's therefore ill-equipped to defend himself against your accusations. There's something else. Since his recovery, he's manifested unusual abilities. He apparently has the power to heal injuries with a simple touch. And even to reverse death itself. It is our mission to seek out life in all forms. We are privileged to have been present at the emergence of a new species.
It must have been. I can imagine. Really? I'd be happy to. Is there a physiological cause? Yet her neural activity is practically non-existent. Might there be some side effect of Cairn telepathy of which we're unaware? I think it's time that you and I had a talk with Maques. [Maques' quarters] Maques, is it possible that your telepathic communications with Mrs Troi harmed her in some way? Counsellor? Stop it! Is Maques suggesting that your mother's metaconscious has been somehow damaged? Maques, what were you doing in Sickbay? Was he trying to contact her telepathically? And if you succeed, can you use that information to help your mother? If her psyche has collapsed in on itself, could accessing her mind pose any danger to you? Counsellor? Can you hear me? Deanna, Doctor Crusher's become concerned that your paracortical readings have become erratic. Yes. I want you to sever your connection to your mother. I'm asking you. That is an order, Counsellor. (with Lwaxana's voice) Leave me alone, please. (Troi walks on down the corridor until a wolf blocks her way) Could this event have involved Hedril? A part that she's protecting. You said that everything you encountered when you were in her mind was a barrier of one kind or another. Counsellor. I've just come from Sickbay. Doctor Crusher feels that your mother's condition is worsening. Her neural foundations are getting weaker. Have you had any luck here? Is this your Father? He had a kind face. Deanna, your mother might still come out of this. You said you'd reviewed her journals for the past five years. Maybe we should go further back. Then let's start at the beginning. The first entry seems to be stardate 30620.1. That's odd. There's a seven year gap. And if I'm not mistaken, it ends a few months after your birth. She didn't. The files were deleted, by your mother, almost thirty years ago.
Number One? Mister Data? Standard orbit, Mister La Forge. You know Captain Rice? Tell me about him. Really? That's taking a risk. Your sensors indicated no intelligent life forms? On main viewer. I am Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS To whom am I speaking? We must have triggered something left over from the Erselrope wars when the arms business was booming. Shut that off. If an automated message system is still functioning, there could be other systems on that planet that are still operational. Possibly. Number One, prepare am away team. This is the Bridge. Keep this channel open. [Planet surface] Yes, we heard that, Number One. We'll try and track it down from here. [Ruins] Number One, a word. We have some information you should be aware of. [Bridge] Ensign T'Su? You copy, Number One? [Jungle] Report, Number One. Number One, get your team back up here. [Jungle] What's happened, Number One? Report. Report! Report! [Jungle] Is he alive? [Jungle] Transporter room three, have you been able to lock on to the away team? Ensign T'Su, situation report. Data, have you been able to assess Commander Riker's condition? Theorise, Mister Data. What would be the purpose of such an encasement? [Jungle] Which would suggest what? Stand by. I'm coming down. Yes. Doctor Crusher, this is the Captain. Meet me in Transporter room three. Mister La Forge, you have command of the Bridge. And whatever happens down there, your prime responsibility is to the ship. Noted. [Transporter room] Yes. Apparently he's confined in some sort of force field. Energise. [Jungle] Any changes? Can you remove it? We have little choice. Whatever has him is interrupting the transporter beam. Remove it. Doctor, over here! (Picard and Beverly run, right to the edge of a pit, where they fall into) [Cavern] Doctor. (Picard is unhurt, but Beverly is injured) [Planet Surface] How bad is it? Come on. Alright, don't worry, we'll get you out of here. Enterprise, this is the Captain. Two to beam up. Enterprise? Enterprise, come in. Data? Lieutenant Yar? I don't know. But don't worry. As soon as they realise our communicators are not working, the sensors will find us and Geordi will beam us up. Now, just you hold on. I'm sorry about this. (He tears her jacket for a bandage) Hold on, it won't be long. We seem to be in some kind of underground structure, but I don't see any. Hey, no, you don't. No time to sleep. Come on, stay with me. Come on now, stay awake. That's an order. I've stopped the bleeding. Not to worry, Everything is going to be fine. Now, this is going to hurt a bit. Hey, hey, Doctor. Stay awake. Come on. There's a lot of blood. What do I do next? Doctor. I couldn't find your medical kit. Roots? What, these? Very bitter. It's turning yellowish. Hey, hey, Doctor. Now, stay awake. You've got to help me. I need your help. All right, now listen. Your patient has lost a great deal of blood from multiple lacerations. So what do I do? Good. All right. Stay with me, Doctor. Keep talking. No. I'm going to look for a way out. Now, you keep up your end. Stay awake. [Bridge] We seem to be pretty well sealed in, Doctor. None that I can see. Tired of my company already? Beverly. Beverly! Talk to me, stay awake. Tell me something. Tell me about those roots. How did you know their medicinal values? Your grandmother was a doctor? Oh. She was a botanist, then? Arveda Three? That's such a tragedy. Did she survive? You were part of that colony. I didn't know that. But then there must be a lot of things about you that I don't know. What? Now just a minute. Here's something odd. It's glowing. I don't know. It's covered up. I'm just clearing away the dirt. It's a viewscreen. It seems to still be operative. (He presses a button and the whole wall lights up) It's a tracking device of some kind. There are three moving indicators. Possibly the away team. A projection. It's the automated salesman who greeted us on the Enterprise. What unit? Is that what's behind the attack on my people? Demonstration? It tried to kill us. The Enterprise. Is one of those things after my ship? Tell me. So what went wrong? Where are it's creators? Where are the people of Minos? Too perfect. You poor fools, your own creation destroyed you. What was that noise? Abort it! Yes, we're here! Doctor Crusher is seriously hurt. We can't contact the Enterprise. The communicators are out. Those devices are part of a system located down here. Another one is about to be released. Watch yourselves. Data. That sound again. We've got to find some way to stop this system. Is it possible to re-adjust the targeting sequence? Data, assign it a neutral target. Itself, then. Itself or it's own power source. Give me some options, Data, quickly. Is that possible? Shut it off. We've seen enough. Yes. Yes, we've seen enough. You've made a sale. Good. Now end the demonstration. Number One! La Forge, everything's alright. We've neutralised it. [Battle Bridge] As you were, Lieutenant. Mister La Forge, when I left this ship, it was in one piece. I would appreciate your returning it in the same condition. Do you concur, Number One?
Any response from Gravesworld, Mister Worf? Ensign, what's our ETA at the planet? Starfleet Command considers Graves' work on molecular cybernetics is reaching a critical stage. They consider this a priority one action. On viewer, Mister Worf. Try and raise her, Mister Crusher. Tell them we're only minutes away. On screen, Mister Worf. Pipe it through. And what about Graves? A touch and go down warping? Mister Crusher, prepare to make it so. Engineering, Mister La Forge. We're going to execute a near warp [Engineering] Transport. This may be a little tricky. I would like you to handle it. Assemble an away team, Number One. Include whoever the Doctor requires to assist. All right, who will replace you? I read you, Commander. Go ahead. Use caution, but protect Graves' health [Living room] At all costs. Captain to away team. We're standing by. Yes, of course. I said we would, Data. He was a fine man. A man of rare gifts. and great accomplishments. He will be sorely missed. Does anyone else have anything to say? (Selar, Troi, Wesley, Riker, Kareen and Data are the mourners. Data has his head bowed. Geordi is at the transporter console.) Data. You are finished, Data. (Picard gives Geordi the nod, Kareen says a final silent goodbye) We now commit the body of Ira Graves to the timeless depths of space. [Ready room] Grandpa? Data. I know that, Data. Look, I realise you've been studying the human equation with great alacrity, but perhaps you've been working at it too much. Don't try so hard to be human. Just be yourself. All right? Grand. You're dismissed, Mister Data. Could it be that grandfather analogy that Graves planted in his head?. Data is an orphan in a manner of speaking. Is it possible that the loss of Graves might have affected him? Touched him on some emotional level we didn't know he possessed? I thought you might enjoy the Bridge, Miss Brianon. I'm aware of your interest in science. Perhaps you'd like to see the computer terminal What was that, Commander? These are the science stations. From the command centre here, we have control of the science stations (continues under) Admit what, Mister Data? Mister Data, you will come with me right now. Do you understand me? Excuse me. (Picard leaves) You expect me to apologise to you? Data, something has obviously gone wrong with your circuitry. I wish I could believe that. I would accompany you to to Sickbay, but I doubt if that would do us any good. I'm getting there. I'm going to have Engineering run a full physical on you. Do it. That's an order. For the first time since I've known you, I don't believe you. [Engineering] (Geordi is trying to check on Data with an electronic 'Lasso' device around his head, but Data keeps moving) Data, will you wait for me in the corridor. You will wait for me in the corridor. (Data leaves) His insubordination is growing by leaps and bounds. I could use discipline, but I'd rather try and help him. Meaning? It's safe to say that you're his best friend. Is it possible to speculate about what's happening to him? Go on. To be sure of what? But he's an android. Is that possible! Of course. Nothing. Go on. How do you mean? Where is Data now? Tell me, where is Lieutenant Commander Data? Lieutenant Worf, will you go to Ten forward and keep an eye on Data? Don't interfere with his actions unless you hear otherwise from me. I want to know more about what happened down on Gravesworld. Lieutenant Selar, report to the Captain's ready room. [Ten forward] Doctor, tell me. How much time did Data and Graves spend together? Always alone? Doctor, what was your impression of Graves? Sound familiar? [Ten forward] Negative. I'll handle this myself. He was an expert in cybernetics? Our memorial service may have been premature. What an achievement. 'So long as men can breathe or eyes can see, so long lives this, and this gives life to thee.' (Shakespeare's Sonnet 18, Shall I Compare Thee) It seems he built that bridge. I may be forced to tear it down. [Engineering] (Data is standing on the upper gantry by the warp core) I know who you are and what you've done. I came here to talk to Data. I understand your desperation. The shock of learning you were dying. But you had no right to do what you have done. What of Data? Not a violent man? Graves, listen to me. No one can deny the significance of your transformation. But I don't believe that this was part of your plan. Encountering Data was mere coincidence. One that offered you more than you could have dreamed. But something has gone wrong. Look here. Graves, this experiment must be terminated. Picard to Sickbay. How is Miss Brianon? I'm afraid there are two more injuries in Engineering. Who's next? How many more accidents? You must leave this body. Graves, every man has his time. Every man, without exception. But you've cheated. You have extended your life at the expense of another. Graves, give Data back. Give him back. No. He must not be lost. He's not simply an android. He's a life form, entirely unique. He is different, yes. But that does not make him expendable, or any less significant. No being is so important that he can usurp the rights of another. Now set him free! Data! Where is he? I can't afford to take it easy, Doctor. (to computer) Tell me, where is Lieutenant Commander Data? [Data's quarters] (Data is lying on the floor as Geordi, Picard, Kareen and Pulaski enter) I've heard more than enough. You're you again. Mister Crusher, take us out of orbit.
Go to warp four, Mister Bennett. Set a course for Starbase twelve. Report. Very well. If anyone needs me, I'll be in my Ready Room. About what? Come. How so? Doesn't sound too serious. What's the treatment. Impossible. But you won't. Beverly, you know I loathe vacations. I lied. Look, the Enterprise is scheduled to spend a week undergoing maintenance overhaul at Starbase twelve. While there, I promise that I will make full use of available recreation activity. I suppose I could find a few hours to spend on the holodeck. The Astrophysics Centre on Icor Nine is holding a symposium on rogue star clusters. I had given serious thought to attending. I'll give it serious thought. Doctor. Enough. [Turbolift] Yes I have, Number One. Bridge. Not you too. How convenient. Except, Number One, I have absolutely no intention of taking a holiday. Is that clear? Good. I'm glad we've got that straightened out. Resume. Of course. Oh, I'm sure. [Bridge] Unfortunately, this vessel is about to undergo extensive repairs requiring my personal supervision. Some other time, Number One. Your mother? Did she? Commander, could I have a word with you? (As Riker and Picard leave, Deanna clasps her hands and mouths Yes!) [Ready room] Tell me, Number One, is the entire crew aware of this little scheme to send me off on holiday? I suppose this means I can look forward to a week of continual harassment on this subject? (signs) I admit, I've been feeling a little fatigued. [Picard's quarters] (Picard is in casual clothes - brown trousers and light blue top, if you really want to know) I thought I'd take some light reading in case I got bored. To each his own, Number One. You want me to bring you back a souvenir? Consider it done. I really don't think that will be necessary, Mister Worf. Risa has a reputation of being a most peaceful planet. Well, the ship is yours, Number One. I'll try, Counsellor. (Picard enters the transporter room) I beg your pardon. (She sees a Ferengi enter, and throws her arms around Picard's neck) I think you've mistaken me for someone else. A simple handshake would have sufficed. (He walks past the aliens from the opening scene) [Poolside] (Picard and his book are splashed by someone running past. Then a hoverball interrupts him.) So it would seem. No. It's just that you are the fifth woman to ask me that question this morning. All I require is to sit in the sun and read my book. Alone. I really haven't thought that far ahead. Some other time perhaps. I just purchased that. Why? Are you implying this has some special meaning? Riker! I don't even know what it means. The Horga'hn is for a friend. That's right. I wouldn't go that far. That is all I ask. (Joval leaves, Picard hides the naughty statuette under a towel. Then a Ferengi casts a shadow over him) You're blocking the suns. Are you addressing me? I don't know what the devil you're talking about. But whatever it is, I assure you it's no concern of mine. Perhaps I have not made myself clear. You have the wrong man. You'll find Ferengi demands carry little weight with me. On the contrary, all too often. Or trusted. I advise you to listen closely for I will not say this again. I came to Risa for a holiday, nothing more. I have no knowledge of this woman of whom you speak, nor have I laid eyes on any disc. I don't care what you believe! Oh, it's you. Look, I don't wish to appear rude, but I am not seeking jamaharon. If I try it, it will be at a time of my own choosing. I, er, I assumed because of the way you welcomed me the other day. I don't recall saying I was embarrassed. If's just that I prefer to be acquainted with the women that I kiss. Jean-Luc Picard. I'm the captain of a Federation starship. Explains what? You're the woman he was talking about? For that information you'll have to ask him. To find some privacy. I don't. And I don't want to. It would seem you two have a lot to discuss. If you'll excuse me. Perhaps you can. (Picard leaves) What the hell are you doing in my room? All right, let's assume for the moment I believe you, that you are indeed from the future. What is it that you want from me? What? I'm aware of the legend. It tells of a visitor from the future who left behind a mysterious device known as the Tox Uthat. Then the Uthat actually exists? But why bring such a powerful weapon into the past? I gather you were unsuccessful. And your search led you to me? I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I haven't found anything, including peace, which is the only thing I'm looking for. And if I do find it, what then? Well, the Uthat belongs to your time, not mine. (The aliens touch the sides of their heads, and vanish. Then Picard discovers the disc Vash dropped into his pocket) [Vash's room] May I come in? Is this what he's looking for? (He holds up the disc) This disc must contain some very valuable information. Depends. On whether or not it has something to do with the Tox Uthat. Well, let's just say I've heard rumours that the Uthat is located somewhere on Risa. So it's true. Yes, as a matter of fact, I have. He spent half his life searching for the Tox Uthat. And you're continuing his work? With a Ferengi as an associate? But the two of you are very well acquainted. And now, with typical Ferengi logic, he's convinced that the Tox Uthat belongs to him. Whereas you, of course, have a nobler purpose in mind. I'll go in your place. You'll remain here. It's safer. Absolutely. Oh, I see. From the moment I met you, I knew you were going to be trouble. So, where exactly is the location? I'll meet you in the lobby in fifteen minutes. Be punctual. Oh, and I advise you to change your clothing. Didn't anyone tell you weapons aren't allowed on Risa? You're becoming quite annoying, Sovak. We've got long trip. [Cave] (It's night. Frogs are singing and crickets are chirping. The pair have made camp) Have you calculated how much further we have to go? We should stay here for the night. Actually, we've made better time than I expected. As it was intended. Forgive me if I don't act surprised. So you did steal it? But you took Sovak's money. Well, any woman who can beat a Ferengi at his own game bears watching. Hmm. Well, we should get some sleep. That happens to be why I came to Risa. Excitement? Spending in a damp cave? Chasing after something we shall probably never find? Yes, Good. Now, let's get some sleep. (They're sharing the bedding. Picard rolls over and takes all the blanket with him. Vash tugs it back) Now that was a simple misunderstanding. You are outrageous. You call this getting along? I didn't say that. I'm sure of it. [Cavern] (a single entrance, almost circular with a nice flat floor. There's the sound of running water) Do you have the exact location? That should make it about here. Something wrong? That leaves us but one alternative. (he gets out the spades) Shall we? (They've barely started digging when the aliens beam in) A little premature, aren't we? They are security officers from the twenty seventh century. They're here to take back the Uthat. I'm sorry, Vash. Would you have brought me here if I had told you? My point exactly. How did you get here? I see no reason to continue. Look about you, Sovak. By now it must be obvious, even to you. The Uthat is not here. It would appear so. It's over, Sovak. There will be other treasures to be found, Vash. Picard here. [Bridge] Go ahead, Commander. I'll be returning shortly, Commander. In the interim, stand ready to initiate transporter code fourteen at my signal. [Bridge] You heard me, Number One. [Bridge] Picard out. [Resort lobby] Leaving so soon? Well then, I've saved you the bother. Of course. There's just one last thing you can do for me. Tell me where you've hidden the Tox Uthat. You never intended to burn that second disc. If you had, you wouldn't have been so careless as to allow Sovak to salvage any of it. You wanted him to follow us, so that he could see for himself that the Uthat wasn't at the cave site. That was the only way he could be convinced that your quest had been futile. Because you'd already been there once before, probably the moment you arrived on the planet. That's when you found it. A very dangerous piece. Were you really going to give this to the Daystrom Institute? I assume the Vorgons have proof to back up their claim. You're going to have to prove that you are who you say you are. But not necessarily to you. Enterprise. Code fourteen. Lock on present coordinates. Two second delay. Mark! (He puts the crystal on the ground and goes to Vash. The crystal explodes before Ajur can reach it) Are you all right? (to the aliens) Go. Return to your own time. There's nothing for you here. Somehow I doubt you'd find life aboard a starship suitable to your taste. So, what are your plans? Unbelievable! You are out of your mind! The Sarthongians are merciless to trespassers. Promise me you will try and stay out of trouble. Perhaps we do. The Vorgons are time travellers. Now that they know where and when the Uthat can be found, they may very well come back and try for it again. Status report, Number One? I'll present my compliments to the crew. Oh yes, Number One, about that Horga'hn you requested. You and I need to have a little chat about that. Uh huh.
He said he wanted to be alone. Perhaps it's a bigger moment for him than we thought. [Data's Quarters] Strange. The cruiser that found Data reported farmlands here. (Data and Wesley enter) Continue on into close parking orbit. It usually refers to the memories. Sneezing? Assemble your away party, Commander. This must be an exciting moment for you, Mister Data. I'm tempted to lead the away team myself, except that my First Officer would object. You see? Mister Data, welcome home. First Officer's log, stardate 4124.5. We have found Data's home to be a completely dead world made out of lifeless vegetation. No insects, not even soil bacteria. What is it that could kill everything on an entire planet? [Planet surface] (Riker, Data, Tasha, Worf and Geordi beam down) Bringing it up here was the right thing to do, Number One. We were just saying, Data, that if your duplicate functions, it might answer a lot of questions. All right, all right. Legitimate questions about any of this need not be asked apologetically. You feel uncomfortable about aspects of your duplicate, Data. We feel uncomfortable too, and for no logical reason. If it feels awkward to be reminded that Data is a machine, just remember that we are merely a different variety of machine. In our case, electrochemical in nature. Let's begin to handle this as we would do anything else. Let's begin with you, Data. That human-shaped robots need not be clumsy or limited. You certainly operate as well as we do, Data He's on his way, Doctor. [Laboratory] (While technobabbnle goes on over the new android, Data is talking quietly with Crusher) Do you think so, really? I wonder which of them was made first? I'm also a bit troubled by it describing you as imperfect. I wonder. But the point of this is, whether you and it have approximately the same capabilities. I see your point. My apologies. And you have about equal physical strength and mental abilities? Which requires I now ask you a very serious question. Since the two of you are closely related to each other. Thank you, Commander. I was certain of that. [Bridge] (Lore is in a brown overall, getting an introduction to ship's operations) Which explains why Data could be left outside in no danger from that creature. Whatever happened to the colonists, he would be found by the first Starfleet crew that responded to the signal he transmitted. With so little of even our galaxy explored, I find it at least possible. It's the act of a Starfleet officer obeying his Captain, Doctor. (Data leaves) I trust him completely. But everyone should also realise that that was a necessary and legitimate security question. Shields up. Go to Yellow Alert. Transmit friendly greetings, all languages, all frequencies. (The Crystal Entity whooshes towards them) Did you get a direct look at it? Thank you, Lieutenant. Data, is there anything else that Lore can tell us about it, it may be important. Can you control him enough to question him? Ensign. That is enough, Ensign. When addressing a senior officer. Well, Number One? I asked for Commander Riker's report, Acting Ensign Crusher. And since it now seems clear that you are unable to function within the limits of that appointment Bring photon torpedoes to ready. Main phasers to ready. Go to Red Alert, please. (Data/Lore enters) You didn't say you could do that. (the ship shakes) Affirmative. Talk to it. Make it so. Do it. (Lore leaves) Shut up, Wesley! Lieutenant, pick a good security team, let me know what he does. Doctor. Agreed. Doctor, go with him. I'm asking that you keep an eye on your son during all of this, Doctor. [Turbolift] (Worf is leading the security team, but gets cut off from them when -) Doctor, now that Wesley's safe, go to Sickbay at once. (Crusher leaves) Data, are you all right? Get rid of that damned twitch and put on the correct uniform. Ensign Crusher, are you able to return to duty? Then do so, and let the Bridge know that all is well down here. And we're overdue for our computer refit. Number One, have you ever considered whether Data is more human, or less human than we want? Agreed! <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Try to get more power to the field coils. Mister La Forge. [Engineering] Report. Acknowledged. [Bridge] Release the exterior hull plate. We may have to jettison the core. How did he seem then? In my years as a Starship Captain, I've had to notify many parents of the loss of loved ones, but never before a suicide. I would like to be able to offer Lieutenant Kwan's parents some explanation of what happened, to try to help them make sense of this. I would like the two of you to piece together a picture of his last few days. You're authorised to do so. (Troi and Worf leave) Go ahead. [Engineering] Mister La Forge [Ready room] The medical situation on Barson Two has worsened. Starfleet has given us permission to exceed warp speed limitations so as to get back on schedule. [Engineering] Acknowledged. Do you remember anything else? Clearly this was much more than an empathic echo. It seems that you were actually seeing something that happened in the control room eight years ago. Well, putting that on one side for the moment, let's assume that by some unexplained phenomenon, you witnessed an event that occurred to Lieutenant Kwan. Those faces that you saw. Did you recognise any of them? There was a woman who was frightened. And then you saw her again, laughing, presumably at Lieutenant Kwan. Counsellor, I want you to look through the personnel files of Utopia Planitia. See if you can recognise any of those faces. Very well, Counsellor. [Bridge] (Troi is ploughing through personnel files on the science station - Guy Vardeman is masquerading as Darien Wallace) What else have you found out?
You're prepared to grant them independence? May I ask, Ambassador, what has this to do with us? K'adlo. I have been pleased to offer occasional assistance to the Klingon people in the past. I can assure you, Ambassador, the Federation would never interfere in the internal affairs of the Empire. Indeed. Ambassador, I will ask our Chief Security officer, Lieutenant Worf, to make a report Lieutenant Worf is my Chief of Security and my tactical officer. This matter clearly falls within his jurisdiction. Commander La Forge. Granted. Welcome back. Commander La Forge is my Chief Engineer. He's has been attending a seminar on artificial intelligence on Risa. We're to be presented with evidence today. We'll need your help in analysing it. Very well. Advise him that we will transport sown to the surface immediately. Ambassador. (Picard and Kell leave) Governor, exactly what do you think the Federation has done? No, they are not. You took this weapon from the rebels? Governor, with your permission, I would like to take this weapon back to the Enterprise to verify its origin. Even if these weapons are genuine, I can assure you that a third party must have been involved. The Federation is not in the business of supplying arms to rebels. Governor, you speak as if we are enemies, not allies. Qu'vath guy'cha b'aka. Enterprise, three to transport. [Engineering] But they do have an interest in driving the Federation and the Empire apart. Our alliance is the only thing that has kept them in check. Of course. My staff will give you their full cooperation. On screen, Mister Worf. Governor. I don't understand. Governor, I assure you On screen. Do you know which transporter was used? Mister La Forge, your recommendations? Make it so. [Engineering] The isolinear chips were definitely altered? Our forensic team is trying to identify anyone who might have been in cargo bay four today. Proceed. Thank you, Mister La Forge. (Geordi and Data leave) Assure him that we are doing everything possible. And, advise him that if necessary I will defend my ship. Of course. Do you think he will come? Qapla', Ambassador. [Kell's quarters] (Kell is having dinner when the doorbell rings) Energise. (Kell, Vagh and two other Klingons beam in) Governor Vagh, thank you for coming. Of course. [Bridge] All our transporter containers have a slight impurity in the structural alloys which allows us to trace our material. (Geordi reaches for his phaser) DNA samples by tracing biochemical signatures, we'll be able to determine who has been in this bay recently. Mister Worf, get him out of here. (Worf shrugs off the Klingons, and leaves with Geordi as Data arrives) Governor, if I could explain this I would. The Romulans have always wanted to destroy the alliance between the Federation and the Klingons. If Mister La Forge had killed you, Governor, I think you would agree, they might have succeeded. Are you suggesting there was a Romulan accomplice in close proximity to La Forge when he was receiving the signals? I will certainly grant you asylum, when you have been absolved of this crime.
Computer, stop playback. Change the clarinet to an oboe. Continue recording. (doorbell) Computer, pause playback. Come. (Data and La Forge enter) Yes, gentlemen? It sounds like an intriguing experiment. I'll be interested to see the results. Permission granted. Yes, I get the idea, Mister La Forge. Thank you. Please proceed. (Data and La Forge leave) Computer, begin playback from the first measure. (doorbell) Computer, pause recording. Come. (Beverly enters) Breakfast? Ah, yes. Well, it's a very intriguing drama, but I really don't have the time it would take to learn a part. And anyway, I'm not much of an actor. Oh? Oh. Really. Well, I'll think about it and let you know. Computer, begin playback from the first measure. (doorbell) Computer, pause recording. Yes? (Worf enters) No, please, Mister Worf, come in. Oh yes, this is very impressive, Mister Worf. But we'll be taking on new personnel at Starbase one eighteen in a few weeks. Surely the drills can wait until then. Mister Worf, is there some reason why you're trying to give yourself more work? Enjoy yourself. You have the free time. Use it. Computer, continue recording and playback once more. From the top. [Worf's quarters] (Alexander is lying on the floor playing a computer game when Worf comes home) Computer, activate Picard Mozart trio, programme one. Play back tracks one, two and three. Tempo allegro. (it starts up with the music Picard was recording at the start of the show, then changes to Dvorak's The Slavonic Dances.) Computer, stop playback. Computer identify musical composition. Cat food? When can you correct the problem? What did you say? Mister La Forge, perhaps you should take Mister Data to Engineering. See if you can find the problem.
I apologise for the delay in our arrival, Ambassador Briam. We had to stop at Harod Four to pick up a group of stranded miners. Was Commander La Forge able to provide you with the special cargo handling provisions you requested? I trust, Ambassador, that this cargo is in no way dangerous? Go ahead. Set a course to intercept. We'll be at the rendezvous on schedule, don't worry. Excuse me. [Bridge] On screen. How many on board? Energise. (KaBOOM) [Transporter room] That's an old human expression. Mister LaForge hopes that we've got close to achieving what you wanted. Commander La Forge will be entirely at your disposal, Ambassador. [Corridor] The Ambassador's very busy. I'm the Captain of the ship. What is it you want? Excuse us. May I suggest that you arrange to meet at another time, after the ceremony? Deck seven. Picard to Worf. Lieutenant, one of the Ferengi just waylaid Ambassador Briam. I need you to keep them on a tight leash. [Bridge] I don't want them disrupting this conference. Mister Worf? What is happening? I'm afraid I require an explanation, Ambassador. Your concern was justified, Ambassador. There is a provision in the Federation Constitution that protects an individual's fundamental rights. Now once you were brought aboard this ship A metamorph? You do this of your own accord? Commander Riker, escort her to quarters. There's no need for you to travel in the cargo bay. Beverly! Arranged marriages have been the basis of political alliances in many cultures, including our own. She knows exactly what she's doing. She was born to do this. All right, fine, good, let's throw the Prime Directive to the winds. Let's detain her against her will. Let's destroy any chance of peace between these worlds. Let's interfere in their society, their customs. I didn't know that. I'll talk to her about it. Indeed. [Kamala's quarters] Thank you. Are you comfortable? It has been brought to my attention that you have been told to remain in here. Against your wishes. The performance of my crew is none of the Ambassador's business. I care about, I care about what happens on board my ship. Oh, yes. Oh, yes, it is. Don't. Don't do this, this, this you do with men. Frankly, it's difficult for me, for many of us, to easily accept that a sentient being can live only to be what someone else wants them to be. But what about your wishes, your needs? And what about when there are no others, when you are alone? Under the circumstances, I thought that it would help if I learned more about you. I will speak to the Ambassador about easing your restrictions. Forbid it? You cannot confine her against her will. Not on board this ship, Ambassador. She is requesting some freedom of movement and I intend to give it to her. Not every man. [Kamala's quarters] I shall busy making arrangements for the conference. I think that you should enjoy the hospitality of the ship. Mister Data here will see to your every comfort. If you will excuse me. [Corridor] I have confidence in the self-control of my crew, Kamala, but there are guests and civilians on board. What? Kamala, you are one day away from an arranged mating. Why would you want me to visit you in your quarters? Yes, it is. Woven art? Recovered intact? I've read about them for years, but they were so delicate no one expected to find any preserved. How do you know about them? Your empathic powers told you all this about me? I see. Nothing. Nothing lies beneath. I'm really quite dull. I fall asleep each night with an old book in my hands. Oh, I'm not taking it lightly. I'm just trying to be as dull as possible. It would be inappropriate. I'm sorry. Why are you doing this, Kamala? I'll advise the Valtese delegation that the conference will have to be postponed. But there are points in the negotiations that Briam still has to address. Familiar, yes, but I can't represent your peoples' interests. But there are customs and rituals of which I have no experience at all. I'm reminded of piano lessons when I was a child. Preparing for some dreaded recital. No. I regret that I gave it up. It used to please my mother. But I didn't like performing in front of an audience. No. Just not very good. You will have to help me in the pronunciation of this scroll. Kamala. I find you unavailable. Really? What instrument? The entire orchestra? It sounds as if it were a very lonely time for you. I also once asked you if you were doing this of your own accord. Go ahead, Number One. Chancellor Alrik. Welcome aboard the Enterprise. He has not regained consciousness. I', doing my best, although I'm finding some of the rituals quite demanding. The Kriosians have authorised me to make several compromises favourable to your position. Briam has supervised a reproduction of the ancient Temple of Akadar on our holodeck. Please. Kamala? Yes. She's looking forward to meeting you. First impressions? He's a thoughtful man. Informed. Yes. That you were looking forward to meeting him. It'll be the first order of business tomorrow. At ten. Thank you, but I should prepare for the ceremony. I think I can muddle my way through. The lights stay on. Did you learn that from Commander Data as well? I shall have to have a talk with him. (they sit) Now that I know that you're listening to my voice, I find that I can't think of anything to say. Yes. Kamala, have I not done everything possible to discourage this? I don't want to use you as other men do. I should go. And you have an appointment tomorrow morning early. I'm sorry. What? Do you have one? Beverly, may I take off the uniform for a moment? I need to talk to a friend. Actually, it's all your fault. You insisted I look into her situation. The metamorph. Kamala. I've spent quite a lot of time with her the past few days, and you're right about several things, but, Beverly, her entire existence has been orchestrated for this moment and she intends to go through with it to help her people end the war. It isn't that simple. I barely know who she is, and who she is changes the moment the next man comes into the room.  And I find myself hoping that the next man won't come in. But, of course, he does, and in a few hours, the ceremony will begin and she will mate with a man who cares more about trade agreements than he cares about her. And I can't help thinking how she will be with him. How she will change to accommodate him. Perhaps I just needed a shoulder. Soon. Many. You've not even met him. Kamala. With me? Not now, Data. Acknowledged. You can't go through with the ceremony. Your preparations made the negotiations simple, Ambassador, and Kamala was able to guide me through the rituals. Curious? Ambassador, have a safe trip home.
Report, Mister Data. It's worth a look. We'll continue our survey along the way. [Sickbay] Yes, I've heard, Data, and I would be delighted to offer any advice I can on understanding women. When as I have some, I'll let you know. Second Officer's personal log, stardate 44935.6. After conferring with my colleagues regarding the nature of romantic love in general, and my own situation in particular, I have reached a decision. [Jenna's quarters] (Data rings the doorbell. He is bearing flowers) Estimated time of arrival, Mister Data? You have the Bridge, Number One. [Ready room] (the desk monitor is lying under the desk, in pieces) Picard to Lieutenant Worf. [Bridge] Would you step into my Ready room, please. And bring a tricorder with you. What do you make of this? (Worf scans the wreckage) So am I, Mister Worf. No. I did not. Perhaps we have a poltergeist. A mischievous spirit. Perhaps not. Not yet. That's alright, Mister Worf. I think, for now, circumstances warrant caution, nothing more. Acknowledged. [Bridge] Are you sure there was no malfunction in the sensors? Mister Data, run a full systems diagnostic. Scan for lifeforms. Let's have a look. Mister Data? [Observation lounge] Explanation? We'll hold position while we seek an explanation for these anomalies. Let's divert all our resources to that end. [Jenna's quarters] Agreed. Ensign McKnight, plot the most direct course, ahead warp one. Engage. Ensign, full stop. Go ahead, Commander. The question is, how do we get out? Mister Data, could you reconfigure the sensors to detect these anomalies? Make it so. [Bridge] Not this time, Will. I want you on the Bridge. I'm going to pilot the shuttle. I believe our best chance of escaping this situation is for me to pilot the shuttle. It's my ship, Will. I've got to do this. Shuttle three to Enterprise. Telemetry link enabled. Forward sensors are online. Ensign McKnight, plot a course for the shortest distance out of the nebula. Point one impulse, Number One. Changing course new heading two nine nine mark zero two nine. [Bridge] I missed it by less than a thousand metres, Enterprise. Advise your status. Resuming previous course. Changing course. Heading zero seven three, mark two eight eight. (which sends them towards more green meanies) New heading. two eight four mark zero one three. (not quick enough) Enterprise, I'm losing manoeuvrability. I'm re-routing the secondary deuterium supply. Switching to manual control. [Bridge] You'll have to make course changes manually until we re-establish the connection. [Bridge] New heading two nine nine mark one eight. Enterprise, hard starboard! Mister La Forge, I am still having difficulty controlling the shuttlecraft. Estimated distance to the nebula's perimeter? Is there a way to transfer the microfusion thrusters so I can get a power boost? Bearing two seven, make that two eight five, mark two five five! [Bridge] Now would be a good time, Mister O'Brien. [Bridge] (the shuttle goes boom!) I'm a little dizzy, Number One, but none the worse. I'm on my way. Ensign, plot a course for Starbase two sixty, warp two. Engage. [Data's quarters] (Data has set table for a romantic dinner when the doorbell rings)
Isn't that exactly what we anticipated? Have you definitely established that there's someone's inside it? Human? Any starships ever reported missing in this sector, Mister Data? Mister La Forge? Mister Worf, open the lower band frequencies most commonly used in the last century. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Enterprise. It is urgent that you respond. We mean you no harm. We must warn you that your planet is about to experience massive seismic disruptions due to an approaching stellar core fragment. No structure will be able to withstand them. On screen. Mister Conor, we were unaware that there were human colonies in this system. The fragment will have serious effects on your planet within six days. I'm afraid we're going to have to evacuate your people. Well, we will gladly explore the possibility of it with you, Mister Conor. Would you like to come aboard to discuss it? We are capable of matter-energy transport. We can take you directly through the structure. May we arrange for your transport? Very good. Commander Riker and an away team will join you shortly. Picard out. [Courtyard] You've spent a good deal of time on the surface. How do you suggest we change their minds? They've managed to turn a dubious scientific endeavour into dogma. It was a bad idea whose time is long past. They've given away their humanity with this genetic manipulation. Many of the qualities that they breed out, the uncertainty, the self-discovery, the unknown, those are many of the qualities that make life worth living. Well, at least to me. I wouldn't want to live knowing that my future was written, that my boundaries had been already set, would you? This leader of theirs, Conor, he seems to be a reasonable man. I'm sure. Will he leave when he sees there's no other choice? You admire him. Then help him to see the reality of what may happen to his colony. If he makes the right decision, if he's as good a leader as he's designed to be, then perhaps the others will follow. [Engineering] What's the increase in efficiency? Advise Mister Conor, Number One, and brief the appropriate officers. Prepare them for transport as soon as Mister Conor approves. Bring us within range of the fragment, Ensign. You may proceed [Engineering] Mister La Forge. Mister La Forge. Now, Mister La Forge. [Engineering] Mister Data? Hail the colony. Success, Mister Conor. With the upgrades to your biosphere, the core fragment should no longer be a danger. Asylum? We may have done too much to help them already, Doctor. Did we? Counsellor, I think it's time you took me to meet Mister Conor. [Turbolift] Transporter room three. Counsellor, what is it you say? Take a deep breath. I see. What is your status with him now? Would you prefer not to return to the surface? I appreciate that. Computer, resume. Deanna, we all went into this with the best intentions. But you didn't. And that's human. We make mistakes. Genetic manipulation or not, nobody's perfect. [Laboratory] Mister Conor, I believe that you and I should talk. You made decisions you felt would save your colony. We have both allowed this to happen. I wish I could see a way. If you force them to stay, you will be suppressing their human rights. That is simplistic. I cannot ignore the requests of people, humans, who ask for transport away from here. You would have me make the decision for you, nut I can't do that. I am willing to talk to these people with you, and I will urge them not to make an impulsive choice, but if finally they choose to leave, the Enterprise will not turn them away. [Courtyard] It's true that our presence here has had an unintended influence on your society. But it's done and there is no way to undo it. But feelings are running very high. Perhaps it's not such a bad idea that you should take adequate time to weigh carefully the consequences of what you're about to do. We are prepared to return in six months. In five days, you have seen only the most superficial evidence of what life is like outside this biosphere. Come. How many finally? If we ever needed reminding of the importance of the Prime Directive, it is now. Doesn't it? Our very presence may have damaged, even destroyed, their way of life. Whether or not we agree with that way of life or whether they're human or not is irrelevant, Number One. We are responsible. Of course we did. But in the end we may have proved just as dangerous to that colony as any core fragment could ever have been.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Mister Data? Warp eight. Whenever Starfleet gets enigmatic, I know we're about to face a challenge. Engage. That area was colonized fairly recently, as I recall. Any problems reported in that area? What the devil is going on? About time. On screen. (a woman in Starfleet uniform is sitting behind a desk) My compliments, Admiral Gromek. Understood. And the mission? Admiral, can you give me any details? Admiral, it's a little difficult to prepare for a mission I know nothing about. Yes, that's true, Number One. But if the transmitters and the sensors were removed and life-support installed, there would be just enough room for one person. Obviously Starfleet feels that time is of the essence. Increase speed to warp eight point nine. Full sensors aft. Adjust speed to intercept. Mister La Forge? [Transporter room] Steady as she goes Engage tractor. Energise. [Transporter room] (Pulaski enters) Acknowledged. Number One? Resume original course and speed. Welcome aboard. I'm Jean-Luc Picard. This is Counsellor Troi, Lieutenant Commander Data, and this is Lieutenant Which suggests that the crew had been in cryogenic sleep for that long journey. So our task is to find the ship, and tell the Klingons they're no longer at war. No. We shall find another choice. I want options and I want them before we encounter the Klingon ship. Lieutenant, I'm assigning you to help the Emissary. Dismissed. Lieutenant? Are there any personal reasons you don't want the assignment? Any professional reasons? Good. [Corridor] Status, Mister Data? Lieutenant? Lieutenant, I commend your diligence. However, I'm concerned that you're working yourself too hard. Lieutenant, I order you to relax. I've never before seen the Lieutenant so unsettled. Slow to impulse. Lay in a standard search pattern. Full impulse. Engage. Agreed. There's not an outpost in this area could defend itself against a Klingon warship. [Tactical room] (Worf enters, with Data) Is that feasible? Could the T'Ong be disabled rather than destroyed? I can't not accept that. There must be some way that we can make the Klingons listen. If we can only convince them Lay in intercept course. Go to yellow alert. [Bridge] Hold this position. Let's see if they've spotted us. Magnification, one hundred. Mister Data? Can you find them? Intercept. Warp two. Helm, stay with them. Overtake, warp eight. Now, put us right in their path and come to a full stop. Full power to shields. Well, we've thrown down the gauntlet. Let's see if they pick it up. Agreed. Let's give them the chance to look their enemy in the Thank you, Lieutenant. Congratulations. A very fine first command. Well done.
They could be cloaked, or otherwise shielded. Mister Crusher, bring us in well clear of the planet's three moons. Mister Data, put the planet on the main viewer. Magnify. (a scene of bare devastation) Life? Put that area on the main viewer. Magnify. (amid the brown bleakness, a green square. Totally out of place) Number One, I think you had better see who's at home. [Corridor] I understand. Counsellor? And something else? Good luck, Number One. (Riker, Crusher, La Forge, Data and Worf are the away team) Are they collaborators? Did they provide the colony's assailants with something that abetted the total destruction of Rana Four in order to protect their own lives? We don't know what the enemy needed, Doctor. Love? Fear? Hope? (The sound of the music in Troi's head almost drowns out the next two lines) Counsellor? Counsellor Troi? Number One, you say the couple is incapable of sustaining themselves? They won't come to the ship? We'll do all that we can to help them but in the meantime I want them kept under surveillance. By all means. I remember a Starfleet admiral once saying the same thing about some renegade Andorians in the Triangulum system. It turns out that they had dismantled their ship and hidden it. I was concerned. I came to see if I could be of any help. Now, I may not have your gifts at reading emotions, Counsellor, but I can tell when someone is in pain and hiding it. Perhaps it's a symptom of fatigue. We've all been inflicted one time or another with that melody that won't go away. When did this start? Rishon and Kevin? And? Well, try and rest. Take the necessary sleep inducements if you have to. (Red alert sounds) [Bridge] Now where did that come from? Lieutenant? Hailing frequencies. Mister Data, ask them to identify themselves and match our orbit. Maximum shields, ready all weapon systems. Mister Worf, let's raise our voice a little. Fire phasers. Just a warning shot. Mister Data, invite them to stand to. (One feeble phaser shot and the ship high-tails it away) Helm, initiate pursuit. Number One, I have the distinct impression that we're being toyed with. Take us back to Rana Four. We have unfinished business there. I need to have a talk with those two people. You have the Bridge. Good afternoon. I'm sorry if I startled you. I'm Jean-Luc Picard, Captain of the Enterprise. I have brought you something you will need if you're going to stay on Rana Four. It's a matter replicator. It has limited capabilities, but It will provide you with clothing, food and clean water. Lieutenant Worf demonstrate its operation. I'd like that very much. Thank you. [Troi's quarters] Why did you leave the Earth and come to a brand new planet when you did? Must have been terrible when the colony was fighting for its life. And yet you survived. I don't have an answer for that. A few hours ago, we encountered a warship. Possibly the one which attacked you. We forced it to leave the system but we were unable to affect it otherwise. It could return. Do you know that for a fact, Kevin? But there had to be some reason. In some way, you were different from the other colonists. Your geographical location, your philosophical beliefs, the colour of your eyes. In some way you were set apart from them. Well that is your protected right. What about you, Rishon? Is that how you feel? Before we leave, I ask you one more time to come to the ship. For your own safety. I'm not surprised. Mister Worf, open a hailing frequency. Warn the vessel to stay clear of the planet. Damage? Number One, we have been exemplary in our patience. Mister Crusher, move the Enterprise out of range of the attacking vessel. Mister Worf? We can't help them. But it's my guess they're in no danger. [Corridor] Number of casualties? Fatalities? Can you help her? Could it be telepathic? They're blocking her sensitivity. They're stopping her from seeing the truth. Kevin and Rishon. They wanted us to leave Rana and that's exactly what we're doing. Picard to Bridge. Number One, I want you to maintain this course for another hour [Bridge] And then turn the Enterprise around and take it back to Rana Four. Take it back, Number One, and this time nothing is going to lure us away. [Bridge] Forget your previous error, Mister Worf. There is no way you could have prevented it. Mister Worf, will you accompany me to the Transporter Room? You have the Bridge, Number One. I disagree, Number One. I don't think it knows we're here. I think it believes that it has run us off for good. However, that will all change once I'm back on board. It's protecting Kevin and Rishon. It responds to their wishes. Indirectly or directly, I'm not sure, but that's what I'm going to put to the test. [Living room] (Kevin and Rishon are dancing to the music box) Celebrating? This is the second time that you have shown surprise at my appearance, Kevin. The first time was understandable, but now? Unless it is because you never expected to see me again. It is not my intention to interfere. Only to help you and Rishon. I promise you that when I leave this house I will never set foot in it again. But the Enterprise will remain in orbit over the planet. To protect you. It is necessary. You're in great danger. A warship has returned. We have fought a pitched battle with it, and lost. Many of my crew have been injured including a woman who's mind is slowly being destroyed by telepathic manipulation. Your rights? What about Rishon? Is she in favour of being here left here? Come to the Enterprise. Let me take you where you'll be safe. Why are you safe?. Why is this house a sanctuary? Does it have to do with you? With your refusal to fight? Tell me this. If Rishon were in danger, would you kill to save her life? It is my sworn duty to protect you. The Enterprise will remain in orbit around Rana Four as long as the two of you are alive. [Bridge] Number One, an update, please. That's no concern, Number One. It's here and it's precisely on schedule. Belay those orders, Mister Worf. Let it come, let it come. Activate the main viewer. The Enterprise will hold its position, Mister Worf. On my orders, not before. Understood. There will be no interference from us, Mister Data. Scan for survivors. Mister Worf, prepare a photon torpedo. Fire at the enemy vessel when ready. Number One, what reason does the Enterprise have for remaining at Rana? Good. Helm, move us into a higher orbit so that we may keep the surface of the planet under surveillance. Anything. Everything. I'll be in my Ready room if I'm needed. That will be all for now. [Ready room] Come. It's my pleasure, Number One. Your Captain is acting on an assumption, Will, and I'm not sure what the result will be, or even that my assumption is correct. We found two people alive in a house on a devastated planet. But there was only one survivor of the war on Rana Four. [Bridge] Mister Worf, do you see any survivors? Helm, take us within transporter range. We're going to beam them aboard directly onto the Bridge. Let them. (Kevin and Rishon appear) My apologies if I interrupted a waltz. I want to end the suffering of one of my crewmembers. Kevin does. He's the cause. At first I couldn't understand why your house survived the holocaust when the others hadn't. Then it occurred to me. It had been destroyed. That dwelling, where you served me tea, where you danced your waltzes, is a reproduction. Real to the touch but capable of being created, destroyed, and created. All on a whim. More than anything else, you wanted the Enterprise away from Rana, because the house, the plot of land, your very existence, were incongruities that you were not prepared to explain. The warship, another recreation, tried to chase us away twice, and failed. But when I came to your house the second time, I provided you with the only condition that would make the Enterprise leave. Your deaths. You did your best to satisfy that condition. You'll be taken to the nearest starbase and held responsible for the attack on the Enterprise, and possibly the deaths of eleven thousand people. But you haven't told us the whole story. How it ended. The part about Rishon. Rishon, I can touch you. I can hear your voice, I can smell your perfume. In every respect you are a real person with your own mind and beliefs, but you do not exist. You died along with the others, defending the colony. He recreated you, just as he recreated the house. (Rishon vanishes) You are the only living thing that really exists on Rana. And though you look human, you're not. (Kevin turns briefly into a creature of light, then disappears) Let him go. So dangerous, Mister Worf, that he could have destroyed us in an instant had he wished. Track him. Alert the crew to keep clear of hm. I want him to understand we mean him no harm If he is the creature of conscience I believe him to be, he has someone to help first. [Troi's quarters] (Crusher enters to see Kevin holding his hand over Troi's head) What happened on Rana Four? The truth this time. All of it. Your colony was attacked by a warship. So you let the colonists fight a hopeless battle. And then what you most feared, happened. Rishon went to fight with the colonists, and died with them. But you couldn't. You were left alone. We're not qualified to be your judges. We have no law to fit your crime. You're free to return to the planet and to make Rishon live again. [Bridge] (Troi is back in her seat)
Data, I can barely see. Yes, but Data, this is a play. The audience has to see you. There, that's much better. Now, do you want to try it again? Well, Data, Shakespeare was witnessing the end of the Renaissance and the birth of the modern era, and Prospero finds himself in a world where his powers are no longer needed. So, we see him here about to perform one final creative act before giving up his art forever. Yes, but there's a certain expectancy too. A hopefulness about the future. You see, Shakespeare enjoyed mixing opposites. The past and the future. Hope and despair. Data, what is this? Is this part of your programme? (bright lights are coming towards them, a steam whistle blows) What is going on? A train? Computer, end programme. (the train's headlight reaches them) Computer, end programme. (Data pushes Picard out of the way as the train thunders past) [Corridor] Oh yes, I know. I'll get it seen to, Data. (Data checks the holodeck controls) Yes, yes, Data, I know about the Orient Express. But what is it doing on Prospero's Island? Is it possible that this malfunction will affect the other holodecks as well? Very good, Data. But shut down the other holodecks until you're finished, just to be on the safe side. I never realised that you were interested in trains. Are you aware that at its peak, the Orient Express carried more than ten thousand people a year? What then? I wonder what they talked about? Picard here. Very good. I'm on my way. Thank you. Well, let's move on to another survey region. Have stellar cartography begin a (Enterprise lurches forward) Mister Data, report. Picard to Engineering. [Engineering] Mister La Forge, what's going on? We've lost primary helm control on the Bridge. Mister Data, what's our heading? Begin the procedure, Mister La Forge. (another jolt) Well done, Mister La Forge. [Engineering] Well, I want an explanation [Bridge] Mister La Forge. Picard out. (later at the science station) Have you found anything yet? Why didn't our sensors alert us? Geordi, what's going on? We just went into warp. Explain. And you think that the ship has somehow gone beyond those functions and is developing a new capacity? Processing centre? Very well. Mister Data, Mister Worf, I want you to go along. See if you can to re-establish control of the ship without damaging the nodes. If the ship is truly an emerging intelligence, then we have a responsibility to treat it with the same respect as any other being. [Holodeck - train] (things have changed. A flapper is repeatedly tapping a goblet against the knight's helm. The gunslinger is tied up while the gangster plays cards with him.) Did everyone get out in time? I want you to send a team down there immediately. Find out what's going on. Picard here. What's going on? What is that object? Counsellor, did you draw any other conclusions from your experiences on the holodeck? Anything that would help us to understand this situation? Is there any way that we can persuade them to give back control of the ship? Is there a way that we can relate to them on their own level, find some way to influence their behaviour? Very well, Counsellor, go ahead. But bear in mind that whenever we have tried to hinder their efforts, we've failed. Perhaps it's time to cooperate with them. [Holodeck - train]  What's our heading? Vertion particles. Vertiform City. That's what the ship was looking for. (shudder) Geordi, what's going on? Picard here. Yes, we've had a ship-wide shutdown. We've lost attitude control and most systems are offline. Are you suggesting that the Enterprise is trying to create a lifeform? Will it survive? Let's get back to the Bridge. [Holodeck- train] (everything's back to normal) Picard here. What's our course? Another white dwarf star. Will the object in the cargo bay survive that long? Mister Data, we have to stop the Enterprise. That means you have to get control of the train. The ship is looking for vertion particles and it believes that the Cordannas system is the closest source. Is there any possibility of anything closer? Then what about artificial ones? Can you create the particles? [Holodeck - train] Well, we've got to give it a try. The nebula or the pulsar? It's your choice, Mister La Forge. Very well. Begin the torpedo modifications. Stand by. Are we within sensor range of the nebula? Mister Data, I need you to slow us to impulse speed. [Holodeck - Engine room] Are the modifications to the torpedoes complete? Launch torpedo. (whoosh, KaBOOM) Then the purpose of the ship's intelligence was simply to bring this life form into being. Come. (Data enters) I would be honoured. What scene? O brave new world, that has such people in it. Why do you say that? And I have allowed it to go off on its merry way. The intelligence that was formed on the Enterprise didn't just come out of the ship's systems. It came from us. From our mission records, personal logs, holodeck programs, our fantasies. Now, if our experiences with the Enterprise have been honourable, can't we trust that the sum of those experiences will be the same? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
On screen. Magnify. Life form readings? Counsellor? What is it? Number One, assemble your team. How long will it take to compile the data? Stay with him, Counsellor. We're examining the Brittain for clues, but this man is the only one left who knows what happened there. Come. What could have caused such an event? Drugs? A virus? Poison? Come. (doorbell) Come. (doorbell, so he gets up. Doorbell again) Yes, yes. (he gets to the door, it opens and there is no one there so he returns to his desk, and the doorbell chimes again, and again, and again. Then someone actually knocks at the door) Come. (Beverly and Deanna enter) What? Explain. Are we talking about hallucinations? But everything started when we found the Brittain? We're preparing to take the Brittain in tow. We'll be on our way within the hour. [Bridge] Ensign, manoeuvre us into tractor beam range. Report to Sickbay, Ensign Rager. Ready tractor beam, Mister Worf. Impulse engines. Ahead, minimum power. Go to warp engines, factor one. Engage. We have no functional propulsion systems? You mean a Tyken's rift. (looking old, drawn, tired) Number One, how? Any hallucinations, nightmares? I've had similar feelings. With everyone succumbing it's even more important that one of us attempt to keep control of his faculties. I want you to turn in, take a nap. I'll be on the Bridge. You can relieve me in four hours. No! (the doors open at the Bridge and Worf hears his screams) As you were. Mister Data, will you join me in my Ready room. [Riker's quarters] (a very twitchy Riker gets into bed, barely shuts his eyes and then rips the sheets back to reveal snakes around his legs. He leaps out of bed again, and of course there is nothing there) [Ready room] Channelling power to the main, er, deflector dish. Very well. Proceed. Mister Data? It appears that I am not immune to the strange forces that are at work on this ship. It's a terrifying prospect to lose control of one's mind. When I was young, I remember watching my grandfather deteriorate from a powerful, intelligent figure to a frail wisp of a man, who could barely make his own way home. Mister Data, it is my responsibility somehow to see that this ship is guided to safety. I will need to rely on you from now on. We may need to count on you for our very survival. I hardly ever recall dreams. I don't recall. Caused by? You're describing the situation on this ship. But Counsellor Troi reported nightmares. Data, can we try again? Understood. Keep me appraised, Commander. (a very agitated Worf rushes from the Bridge) [Worf's quarters] (Worf takes an ornate dagger from a box, anoints it with wine) Counsellor, what are these beings trying to tell us? If it were possible, what would you say? [Bridge] (science station readout LCARS 40274, scrolling through molecules) Proceed. Nothing. No explosion. Activate impulse engines. Set a course to. Very well, Mister Data. And Mister Data, thank you.
Prepare two class one probes. Initiate launch sequence. Belay that order, Mister Data. On screen. Open a channel. Ambassador K'Ehleyr. This is an unexpected pleasure. How may we be of assistance, Ambassador? Granted. (transmission ends) Lieutenant, please receive our guest. May I know your reason? Lieutenant, you are a member of this crew, and you will not go into hiding whenever a Klingon ship uncloaks. Do you believe there is a threat to the Federation in this struggle? If the Enterprise medical facility can do anything to help. What do you want of me? I will? K'mpec, you cannot possibly be serious. A Federation officer has no business in On the contrary, I think this is very different. And I must respectfully decline. You had no right to involve me without my permission. This is not a case of simple mediation. You are asking me to choose the next leader of the Klingon Empire. But you have just said there are only two challengers arriving. What is the point? Interesting? You could say that, since he tried to have me killed, and conspired to strip Worf of his good name. Very well. I accept. (K'mpec takes another drink of poisoned wine) Captain's log, supplemental. K'mpec, who ruled the Klingon Empire longer than anyone in history, is dead. We await the arrival of Duras and Gowron, rivals for the leadership of the High Council. [Schoolroom] (Alexander is not playing nicely and sharing the toys. Note, he is about half the height of Worf) Open a channel, Mister Data. On screen. In good time, Duras. The Sonchi ceremony will take place in one hour aboard K'mpec's ship. There is no delay. It is the time I have chosen. Picard out. Contact Gowron's ship. Tell him to meet us aboard K'mpec's vessel. Ambassador, meet me in Transporter room six in an hour. We will begin the ceremony a little late. Mister Worf. [Ready room] Worf, the next few days will be difficult for you I want you to know that I am aware of your discomfort. Ambassador K'Ehleyr will be preparing me for my role in the rite of succession. Granted. He has a legal claim, Mister Worf. Your personal feelings toward him Klingon tradition may hold the son responsible for his father's sin. I cannot, Worf. Treason was his father's crime. Duras' crime was to lay that blame on your father. I will not forget that. But you should not forget that you chose to accept the consequences of that lie. The issue now is whether or not he killed K'mpec. He was murdered. Poisoned. K'mpec believed that it was either Duras or Gowron. I hope this will be brief. Qab jIH nagil (and presses the painstick to the corpse) We will proceed according to the traditions and the precedents set down in Klingon law. We will reconvene on the Enterprise, wherein We haven't completed our analysis of the bomb debris. Doctor Crusher is still studying the remains of the two men killed in the explosion. We need more time. Is there some way of stretching out the formalities once they arrive? You said modern rite. How was the ritual performed in the past? Can the old form still be used? Thank you. I'm sorry, I can't discuss it. [Observation lounge] (both Duras and Gowron have an armed Starfleet guard) mev yap! Sit down. We will begin the ja'chuq. It is my choice to respect the ancient rituals. Each of you will have to prove your worthiness to lead the High Council. How could the Romulans plant a bomb on board a Klingon attack cruiser? Perhaps Duras or Gowron wishes to improve that relationship. Indeed. It would put the Federation in a very difficult position. That doesn't suggest a Romulan connection? We have had prior dealings with Duras that show him to be untrustworthy. No. Mister Worf, we have a conspiracy on our hands that could be a direct threat to the security of the Federation. As Chief Security Officer, you will accompany me to the next transition proceeding. Yes, it will. [K'Ehleyr's quarters] Both your claims have been properly made and recorded. We are ready for the final phase of the ja'chuq. There will be a recess while I review your petitions. I'm sure you're as concerned as I am about the explosion aboard K'mpec's vessel. I assume that you are both continuing your investigations? Now that's very surprising. Our analysis turned up some startling results. (into comm.) Will you join us, Lieutenant? (Worf enters) It is my prerogative to investigate anything that may be relevant to the Rite of Succession. Lieutenant Worf is my Chief Security Officer. His presence is required. If you wish to withdraw from the ja'chuq, that is your option. Proceed, Mister Worf. A Romulan device. Mister Worf, please be sure to send a complete record of our findings to both vessels and to the High Council. That will be all. [K'Ehleyr's quarters] Where's Worf? Where is he? Mister Worf, your service aboard the Enterprise has been exemplary. Until now. The High Council would seem to agree. They consider the matter closed. I don't. Mister Worf, the Enterprise crew currently includes representatives from thirteen planets. They each have their individual beliefs and values and I respect them all. But they have all chosen to serve Starfleet. If anyone cannot perform his or her duty because of the demands of their society, they should resign. Do you wish to resign? I had hoped you would not throw away a promising career. I understand your loss, We all admired K'Ehleyr. A reprimand will appear on your record. Dismissed. Mister Worf, isn't it time for the truth about your father's innocence to be told? After all, you only accepted this dishonour to protect the name of Duras and hold the Empire together. Now that he has died in disgrace, what is gained by further silence?
Come. (back to his Yorkshire roots) Grand. Take a look at the containment module our Chief Engineer has designed. How long will we be on impulse power? I'll relieve you at zero three zero zero. [Bridge] Number One. Grand. Mister Data, when we have a complete list of all the specimens we will be carrying, I want you and Doctor er, Doctor Pulaski. I want you to go through them. By the way, where is our new doctor? Has she reported in? Sickbay, this is the captain. Is Doctor Pulaski there? Thank you. A few hours on board and already she's found Ten forward. No. I'll go. Deck ten, forward station one. Ensign. I'm sorry this mission will delay your reunion with your mother. Mixed feelings for all of us. It's always difficult leaving any ship, just as it was for your mother [Corridor] When she left to become head of Starfleet Medical. But going from one assignment to another is part of the life which you are choosing. How true. [Ten forward] (A social area, with a long bar. A woman in a big flat hat comes to greet Picard) Guinan. Where is Doctor Pulaski? (Guinan points) Thank you. (Picard goes over to a table by a window occupied by Troi and another woman. Everyone say Hi! to Ann Mulhall, or Miranda Jones if you prefer) Doctor Katherine Pulaski? Doctor, protocol may have been lax on your last assignment, but here on the Enterprise. Lieutenant La Forge, status report. Take us to warp six as soon as possible. This is Doctor Katherine Pulaski. We will handle the formal introduction later. Counsellor Deanna Troi is pregnant. She is going to have a baby. A life form of unknown origin and intent is breeding right now inside Counsellor Troi. Our purpose here is to determine what is to be done about this very unusual situation. Discussion. Then it seems that the discussion is over. Captain's log, supplemental. We have finally arrived at 'audet Nine, where we will pick up the specimens of plasma plague for transport to Rachelis. It is only because so many lives are at stake that I am willing to put this ship and crew at such great risk. Meanwhile, Counsellor Troi's pregnancy continues to progress at an astonishing rate. [Bridge] (Troi enters, very out of uniform and with a noticeable bump) How are you feeling? Open hailing frequencies. 'Audet Nine, this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise. Excuse me, to whom am I speaking? Are the specimens ready for transfer? I appreciate your caution. In the like vein, I want a complete, detailed manifest of everything you intend to bring on board my ship. Mister Data, download the inventory and cross-reference it with the medical computer. Number One, arrange to have Hester Dealt transported up. Captain's log, supplemental. Although it's been fourteen hours since we arrived at 'audet Nine. Hester Dealt has still not completed inspection of the containment unit. A transfer will not be permitted until he's assured of zero growth during our voyage. Meanwhile, the desperate pleas from the Rachelis System continue. [Bridge] At last. Review it with Doctor Pulaski. I want you both to be completely familiar with it. Doctor. Welcome to the Bridge. Please, sit down. How is Counsellor Troi? Did she have a good night? I'm not sure of your point. Data, how long before we begin the transfer? Number One, you have the Bridge. You will accompany me, Doctor? Please? I think it's time I paid my respects. [Troi's quarters] Deanna, I wanted to see how you were and have a look at your baby! My goodness. How old is he? (The boy is walking, and about waist height to Troi) Yes, but You mean he can talk? Hello, Ian. Picard. Go on. [Pulaski's office] I understand, Doctor. Do you have a recommendation? [Pulaski's office] Thank you. [Bridge] Commander Data, if you have completed your review, you are needed in transporter room three. [Pulaski's office] No, Ian, but thank you for the invitation. No, Ian, I don't think I've played with puppies. Perhaps later. (Ian puts his finger in his hot soup) For the experience. Ian, could you tell us why you are here? No, I mean, why you are here on this ship? I hope he will tell us soon. Then take us out of orbit, Number One. Set a course for Rachelis, warp six. [Ten forward] (Wesley is staring out of a window) Yes, La Forge? How serious? [Cargo deck five] Report, Mister La Forge. [Cargo deck five] Doctor Pulaski. We're having a little difficulty on cargo deck five. Your presence is requested. Mister Crusher, report to the Bridge. Make it so. [Cargo deck five] Standard station orbit, Mister Crusher. Transporter room three, this is the Captain. We have arrived. [Transporter room] Let's make this transfer with all deliberate speed. You have the Bridge, Number One. In my Ready room, when your duties permit. Come. (Wesley enters) Have you discussed this with your mother? Wesley, it's a little more complicated than that. Make it so, Number One. Return to your position. [Bridge] Take us out of orbit, Mister Crusher. Lay in a course for the Morgana Quadrant. Ensign Crusher has requested to remain on the Enterprise. I haven't as yet, Number One. I didn't think it was my responsibility alone. His remaining will create difficulties for us all. Exactly. Of course, that duty will fall to Commander Data. That takes care of the practical, but there's more to growing up than that. It's my belief, Number One, that you're best qualified to supervise that. Are you willing to serve? Well, Mister Crusher, communicate with your mother at Starfleet Medical headquarters. Give her my regards, and tell her you have my permission to remain on the Enterprise, but I will abide by her wishes. Now, if you have course and speed laid in. Then, Mister Crusher, engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Picard to Ambassador Odan. [Ready room] The Federation representative from Peliar Zel has come on board. Would you care to meet us in the Observation Lounge? [Odan's quarters] If the news were encouraging, I assume you would not be here. Ambassador Odan, this is Governor Leka Trion of Peliar Zel. Governor. Ambassador. (all sit) Governor Leka has intercepted us before we reach her planet in order to update us on the situation. We will be in orbit around Peliar Zel within six hours. If you could arrange for the representatives of Alpha and Beta to be there, then Ambassador Odan could beam directly down to the planet. As you wish. (all leave except Picard and Troi) Counsellor, what is it? Perhaps it's perfectly normal among the Trill. Yes. Quite. [Beauty parlour] (Beverly is getting her toenails coloured, while soaking her hands in green gunk and with a padded eye-shade on) Come. Yes, Ambassador. Please, sit down. We have entered orbit. We shall be transporting you to the planet in a few minutes. How will you proceed when you're there? It seems to work well for you. My staff is quite capable. I'm glad they've been useful. Yes, I'm sure that's true. Well, shall we make our way to the shuttlebay? I wouldn't presume to speak for her. Yes, Ensign. Very well. Hail the vessel. There was no mention of an escort. Request a security clearance code. Commander Riker, prepare to return to the shuttlebay. Engage tractor beam. Report, Number One. We're bringing you in. (the tractor beam grabs them and the other ship veers off) Number One we're ready to beam you aboard. We've contacted the Trill. Another host will be here in forty hours. We are at a desperate impasse in the Peliar system. The attack on the shuttlecraft has inflamed the dispute. No one will admit anything. Each side accuses the other and the threats are mounting. We need Odan. The risk is too great, Commander. It's your choice, Will. Well done. Mister Worf, will you escort the Ambassador to his quarters. Picard to Doctor Crusher. Doctor, the Ambassador is not well. Will you please attend to him in his quarters. Ambassador, we can stall the representatives. But surely, to present yourself in this condition is not going to help our cause. Is there any treatment you can give him? You're doing all you can. Ambassador, when you feel up to it, would you join me in my Ready room? It was a fast decision, which we must take as positive. The Alphan representative has agreed, however reluctantly. to let you mediate the dispute. I have no doubt, however, that they will bolt if something goes wrong in the discussion. No, it's just that for a moment you sounded more like Will Riker. We have received information that the new host will arrive in eighteen hours. Will you be all right until then? Ambassador, it's clear you're in pain. You can't get through the next hours without help. We'll respect your wishes. Yes, Mister Worf? Thank you. (Riker-Odan totters out) Beverly. Whatever else I may be to you, I am your friend. I can only imagine what you're going through, and I want you to know I'm here. (they hug) Computer, what is the time? Ambassador! Mister Worf, see that the representatives are safely transported off the ship. Ensign, set a course to intercept with the Trill ship. Prepare to go to warp nine. How is Odan? You need some rest, Doctor. It'll be some time.
Number One. I would appreciate you joining me on the Bridge. Number One, we've picked up an automated signal from a Federation shuttlecraft. Apparently not. Perhaps someone to answer your questions, Number One. Open hailing frequencies. Thank you, Lieutenant. On screen. Number One. Doctor Pulaski, you are needed in Shuttlebay two. Yes, Number One. Where else would I be? Why? What is it? Condition? Is he injured? Why is he unconscious? What happened to him? Strange? In what way? Non-human? Artificial? Can you revive him? Counsellor? No. Data, I need to know what's on the shuttle's logs. I'll be in Sickbay. Keep me informed. Looks like the damage caused by an antimatter explosion. Data, I need those logs. Counsellor. Have you been able to determine why he's still unconscious? Wake him. (Pulaski gives him a hypo, and the readings on the wall plummet into the red. She rushes for another hypo, and the signs recover) What happened? Go ahead. Try to wake him, again. (Pulaski gives the injection, and the second Picard opens his eyes. He seems in pain) No! I know what it is. Don't sedate him. Let him be. Please. Let him to remain conscious. I'm fine, Doctor. Save your ministrations for your patient. I want a staff meeting in five minutes. Doctor, I assume you will want to remain here. Keep me informed of any changes, no matter how small. Captain's log, supplemental. I've been informed that Mister Data has recovered the logs from the duplicate shuttlecraft. I am more than apprehensive to play back a log which will not be recorded for several hours. [Observation lounge] Show me. Captain's personal log, supplemental. I have just witnessed the total destruction of the USS Enterprise with a loss of all hands, save one. Me. Yes. All right, let's proceed on the premise that what we have just seen happened, and that in less than four hours from now, the Enterprise will be destroyed, and somehow, although this is unfathomable, I and I alone escape. Discussion. Data? Yes, this is not a rock on the trail which once seen can easily be avoided. This is much more complex. Agreed. So let's continue on course. Somewhere out there something will happen. A decision will be made during the course of which, I will be separated from the Enterprise. At the time, the decision will seem to be correct, but it won't be. We have to anticipate and not make, not make the same mistake once. Something is waiting for us out there. Let's try and determine what it is, as quickly as possible. [Sickbay] Doctor? You're saying that when our time intersects with the time he left, in that instant he will function normally and, and there will be two of us. Doctor, I don't think that's possible. Counsellor? Yes, Doctor. [Sickbay] I'm on my way. You have the Bridge, Number One. (Picard leaves. After a fraught moment, Troi leaves too) [Sickbay] How is he? He's aware of me. But he knows where he is, who's here with him. What went wrong? You know, don't you? What did you do? What happened? Why did you leave the ship? Don't turn away. Look at me. Picard! Look at me! He knows I'm here. What is he afraid of? Damn you. Help me! Why did you leave the ship? Are you still convinced he's me? Not in the slightest. Except for his features, there is nothing about him that I find familiar. Counsellor, I want you to stay with him. He will be able to communicate with you before any on else. (Picard leaves) What force or phenomenon could cause the shuttle to be thrown back in time? Using the gravitational pull of a star to slingshot back in time. Is that what happened here? No. So some external force was needed. Are you saying there was some conscious mind at work here? The Traveller moved through time using the power of his mind. No. And Manheim's experiments with gravity and time were rudimentary, and uncontrollable. Oh, really? Go on. You're saying I should just sit down, shut up and wait. Not something I do easily. Yes, perhaps it is. (There's a nasty noise) Report. Transfer Engine control to the Bridge. What do you think, Number One? What is it trying to learn? We'll stay and investigate. Unless that was the mistake. Staying too long. We should go now. That would be the prudent move. I never thought I'd hear myself saying something like that. But you would rather stay and find out what it is? What is its intent? Mister La Forge. Try and take us out of here. Maximum warp. Engage. Put it to the wall, Mister La Forge. All stop. (The Enterprise slides gently backwards into the top of the funnel) Mister La Forge. Status? Everything we do tightens its grip. Let's see what we can learn. Launch a Class one probe. Mister Worf (Picard gets zapped by an energy bolt, and so does his counterpart in Sickbay) That was personal. How long can you maintain it? Is he still alive? Hold for my order. (Picard gets zapped again and thrown against a bulkhead) Hold this position. Counsellor, if I were to leave the Enterprise, would its attention still be focused on me? But in those few seconds, the Enterprise might break free. That's what he, that's what the other Picard must have thought. You have the Bridge, Number One. We may be on a road that has no turns. [Sickbay] (Troi has got to Sickbay before Picard) I know. Do you know where you are? Yes, but you're only vaguely aware of it. And me? Do you know who I am? No, you don't, do you. Release him. No. Release him. No. Security, disregard that order, and clear all personnel, repeat, all personnel, from Shuttlebay two. (Picard 2 gets up) I don't want any distractions. You, stay here. [Corridor] You made a decision to leave the ship? Why? You're certain. What's your other option? You're wrong. If you leave, the Enterprise will be destroyed. Don't you remember? You saw it happen. If that's true, then help me. We want the same thing. We both want the Enterprise to be safe. But there is a piece of information I don't have. What is it? You? Yes. Understood. When you say it wants you, do you mean it's still you, only you, and not me. Wait. You can. I'll let you. But first, tell me. What is, what was your other choice? You must tell me. What was it? You don't know what I'm talking about. You're locked into a single intent unable to change. Unable to alter any part of your previous actions. There must be. What is it? What would never work? What was the other choice? We can't fight, we can't escape, we can't go forward. Was that it? Is that the other choice? No. (grabs a phaser) Captain Picard. I can not allow you to leave. Before we can go forward, the cycle must end. (So he shoots his other self) Doctor Pulaski, report to Shuttlebay two. [Turbolift] Bridge. (Pulaski and O'Brien dash into the shuttlebay. She scans the other Picard, then leaves. No dialogue required) [Bridge] Number One, we're wasting our energy trying to escape. It only weakens us. Helm, set a course for the center of the vortex. Mister La Forge, on my command, I want all the power you can muster. Yes. Now everyone hold their position. No matter what. Engage. (The Enterprise turns and heads down the tunnel towards the light. There's some shaking. In the Shuttlebay, the other Picard and his shuttle disappear before O'Brien's eyes. Then they are in clear space again) ibi Explain. What's our position? You have the Bridge, Number One. [Observation lounge] A lot of questions, Number One. Damn few answers. Or maybe he was thrown back in time, so that we would be able to take another road. Make a different choice. Well, they say if you travel far enough you will eventually meet yourself. Having experienced that, Number One, it's not something I would care to repeat.
If you give your permission, we could begin immediately. I've assigned you quarters during out time here. Please, make yourselves comfortable. Data, what do you think? Data, there might come some time in the future when she would find out anyway. Another accident, perhaps. Maybe it would be easier for her if she learned the truth from you. It's a difficult choice. You must do what you think best, Data. But whatever decision you make, we will support it. [Sickbay] (Data puts the chip back in her head and covers it over with her hair. She wakes.)
All hands, this is the Captain. As you may know, the sun in the Delos system is undergoing large-scale magnetic field changes, producing violent, gigantic flares. Now, we shall be studying this star at close range. Even though we shall be running with full deflectors, the closeness of this event and its severity are going to create problems. [Bridge] Intense magnetic fields have a disruptive effect on electrical systems. Therefore we can expect communications interruptions, as well as potential temporary loss of other systems. As a precaution, we are now going to Yellow Alert. Stay sharp, everyone. [Engineering] Lieutenant La Forge? Half impulse. On main viewer. Mask out the photosphere. Magnify. Quadrant one seven, magnification factor twelve. Status report. Understandable. Mister Data? Mister La Forge, move us in closer. This is the Captain. We will be pushing the shields to the limit, but we are getting a splendid view of this phenomenon. Let me hear it. Open hailing frequencies. Unidentified freighter, this is the USS Enterprise. May we be of assistance? Can't you enhance the frequency? Set course to intersect with the freighter. Warp two. Maintain Yellow Alert. Helm, take us in as close as possible to the freighter's orbit. How long before it loses integrity? Unidentified freighter, this is the USS Enterprise. Put this on the main viewer. Freighter Sanction, this is the Enterprise. What is your situation? This is the Enterprise. With all this interference it is difficult to copy your transmission. If you all talk at once it is almost impossible. Now, please say again. What is your situation? At last. How can we help? Well, that is a little vague. What is the computer analysis? Data, can you tap into their computer and clarify the situation? Freighter, we're going to lock on the tractor beam and pull you out of orbit. Captain T'Jon, we are unable to attach our tractor beam because of the intense solar activity. Captain, we have analysed your problem. Data. Do you have the necessary tools to realign the coil? Captain, we're beaming over a replacement coil. Yes, once it's installed. What is the matter with these people? How can he be Captain of that vessel and not understand its simplest function? Captain, how long have you been in command of this freighter? And you don't know how to align a control coil? Let's get them off there. T'Jon, stand by to beam over. Unless you have any other options, yes, I think that's best. What's the hold up, Number One? [Transporter room] Number One, did you get them off? Cargo? Are those people crazy? What could possibly be so important? Their lives are in danger and they're beaming over cargo? Number One, I don't understand these people. We're losing the freighter. Got to beam those people over now. Transporter Room. You're out of time. [Transporter room] Number One? [Transporter room] (Two scruffy men, one smart man and a smart woman arrive) Maintain. (Riker and Tasha enter) How are our rather quarrelsome guests? Data, what information can you give us about the inhabitants of this system? Yes. Let's pay a call, get some answers. Number One, Mister Data. Mister La Forge, you have the Bridge. I am sorry we couldn't save your ship. Oh, yes. Mister Data? Instruct Engineering to proceed. My First Officer has said that ownership of this cargo is in dispute, but this question must be settled by whatever legal mechanism exists between your societies. Why is that? What is this cargo? Indeed? Is that so? Romas, are you and T'Jon carrying this plague? Then you may have brought it aboard this ship. Was there a medical scan when they transported? Med Alert. Medical emergency. Doctor Crusher to the observation lounge at once. [Sickbay] (Romas is suffering on a bed) Doctor. What have you learned? Perhaps it was filtered out by the transporter when they were beamed aboard? Are they going to die? Do you think we are in danger from this plague? There are some missing pieces to this puzzle. Are we losing our professional detachment, Doctor? Understandable. [Sickbay] I can't do that. The Brekkians claim it belongs to them. That may be so, but it's not my decision. I'll talk with the Brekkians. Thank you. I am glad you are comfortable. I've come to seek your agreement to an Ornaran request. The two Ornarans are really quite ill and insisting that they need felicium. Would you object to giving them enough for their own immediate needs? You would see them die rather than share the medicine? I'll let my Medical Officer handle it. Thank you, Mister Data. None at all? A product for which you have no use, but which the Ornarans can't live without. Interesting relationship. Come. (Beverly enters, face like thunder) Doctor. Are the Ornarans recovering? Then T'Jon, and Romas, indeed everyone on their world? You've piqued my interest, Number One. Please continue. Thank you. Based on what we know so far, there's nothing I can do. This situation has existed for a very long time. These two societies are intertwined in a symbiotic relationship. That's how you see it. No, I can't do that either. Why? Because it offends against our sensibilities? It is not our mission to impose Federation or Earth values on any others in the galaxy. Do it. Some of them, yes. Yes. Lieutenant Yar, have the Ornarans brought in. No, wait, I don't want them to have access to the Bridge. We will contact you in a few minutes. (end transmission) I will continue this in the guest quarters. Commander, Doctor. (Picard, Riker and Crusher leave) Lieutenant Yar, we're ready in the guest quarters. [Ornaran Guest quarters] I'm sorry. (T'Jon uses his electric power on Riker) Let him go. I will not be coerced. No. No, you won't. You're not a killer. (T'Jon lets Riker go) I'm not sure that I can. Come with me, Doctor. This could be interesting. [Brekkian Guest quarters] There goes the other shoe. They know. They know that the Ornarans no longer have the plague. They know that felicium is no longer a medicine. So, of course, they are willing to give this shipment because they don't want to take the chance that the Ornarans will lose their addiction. They don't want to lose their only customers. They were infected. They used the felicium to cure themselves, but somehow their ancestors realised that it was a narcotic. I think it's worse than that. My guess is this refining process of which you are so proud No. I'm bound by the rules of the United Federation of Planets, which order me not to interfere with other worlds, other cultures. If I were to tell them any of this, I would violate that Prime Directive. This is information you already know. And so nothing has changed. Yes, I am. From the moment they agreed to give them the felicium, my hands were tied. Acknowledged. Thank you. The matter is already decided. You're beaming down to your world with the felicium. Don't thank me. Sobi and Langor, they decided to let you have it. No. The coils stay here. You want to repair them, you'll have to learn to do it yourselves. Quite possibly. In this situation, Prime Directive prohibits me from helping you. You did not think so when it worked in your favour. Oh no, I don't want that. Ensign, prepare to beam our guests and their cargo down to Ornara. Of that you can be sure. Good luck. [Turbolift] Main Bridge. No doubt, but they will pass. Could we have? Perhaps in the short term. But to what end? Hold. Beverly, the Prime Directive is not just a set of rules. It is a philosophy, and a very correct one. History has proved again and again that whenever mankind interferes with a less developed civilisation, no matter how well intentioned that interference may be, the results are invariably disastrous. Believe me, Beverly, there was only one decision. And we may never know. Resume. [Bridge] Mister La Forge, take us out of orbit. I don't care. Let's just get some distance between us and this system. Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Ensign, lay in a course to the next one, three quarters impulse. Go ahead, Number One. I'll be right there. [Observation lounge] (the room is dark when Picard enters. On the table is a stylistic pottery item, semi-Buddha shaped) Oh, my God. Professor Galen? No one is could be more welcome on the Enterprise. I never thought I would see a Kurlan naiskos. Fifth Dynasty? Oh, please, Mister will do fine. Well, the overall configuration is certainly Fifth Dynasty. The surface ornamentation. Green polychrome over the eyes, and the eyes themselves are closed. This is third Dynasty. From the workshop of the Master of Tarquin Hill. Will, the Master of Tarquin Hill designed ceramic objects that were three hundred years ahead of their time. All we know of him is the work. His name has never been discovered. This object is over twelve thousand years old. Indeed. I thought your study of Kurlan artefacts was done long ago. You mean it's complete? (Picard raises the top half of the pot to reveal a cluster of little pots inside it) Will, the Kurlan civilisation believed that an individual was a community of individuals. Inside us are many voices, each with its own desires, its own style, its own view of the world. The Kurlan civilisation died out thousands of years ago. It is extraordinarily rare to find a figurine intact. Professor, this is an incredible find. Oh, no. No. How can I accept this? Thank you. How long can you stay? There's so much to talk about. Two days? But that's not enough time. I don't understand. May I ask you a frank question? Your published writings have been sporadic for the last decade. Your appearance at symposia has been rare, or scheduled and then cancelled at the last moment. The finest archaeologist of the century is now shrouded with a cloak of mystery. I've never heard of anyone that didn't love a good mystery. So, what have you been doing for the past decade? Yes, it's the study of fossil records at the microscopic level. I read your papers on the subject, but that was years ago. It seemed as though the work had stopped. Tell me. For how long? Why do you need my help in this? I'm deeply honoured that you'd think of me, but I have responsibilities. May I sleep on it? Dream not of today. The night blessing of the Yash-El. Well, I've had a few years to look it up. Professor, the Enterprise is yours for as long as you're here. Dream not of today. [Picard's quarters] (the Kurlan naiskos is on a table, open) Come. Yes. (Beverly pours herself a cup of tea) I had a long talk with Professor Galen last night. He asked me to leave the Enterprise, to join him in an archaeological expedition which could last for nearly a year. I couldn't leave the Enterprise. But the offer raised in me certain feelings of regret. No, not really. I'm not sorry for the path I chose. But the Professor did not choose this figure at random. The many voices inside the one. You see, he knows that the past is a very insistent voice inside of me. This gift is meant to remind me of that. I wouldn't trade it for anything, and I would still make the same choice I made all those years ago. I just wish that I didn't have to say no to him a second time. I had a father, but he was like a father who understood me. And he had his own children but they didn't follow in his footsteps, so I was like the son who understood him. In a way, I wish he'd never come on board the ship. [Laboratory] (a map of the known galaxy is up on a wall monitor) Professor. Professor, I'm afraid I won't be going. The Enterprise isn't something that I can leave and then come back to. If I go, I go for good. It's not something I'm not prepared to do. You don't believe that my career in Starfleet has been a mistake. We both know that's not true. I never wanted to become I can't. But Professor, you're not scheduled to catch the Vulcan ship for another two days. Take us out of warp. On screen. Get him out of there. Return phaser fire. Disable their offensive systems. (but instead, the big ship goes KaBOOM!) Transporter Room One, lock on to Professor Galen and transport him directly to Sickbay. What did they want? What do they mean? Apparently, the Yridians knew more about the Professor's work than we do. They may have known what these numbers mean. Not necessarily. The Yridians are information dealers. They may have been delivering the number blocks to someone else. Did they send a signal before they were destroyed? Did the shuttle's flight logs show where Galen had been before coming to the Enterprise? What's the distance from our present position? The conference can wait. Set a course for the Ruah system. [Bridge] Scan for earthworks or monuments that might indicate a previous civilisation. Then what was the foremost archaeologist in the Federation doing here? He left the Enterprise in a Vulcan ship for Deep Space Four, and then an Al-Leyan transport to Caere, and then the shuttle to Indri Eight. Mister Data, what do we know about Indri Eight? Number One, we'll proceed to Indri Eight. I'm aware of the Federation's timetable, Number One. Professor Galen visited here a few days ago. And he was on his way to Indri Eight when he was killed. There's some connection between these two planets. I'm going to find it. Come. I thought if I stared at these number blocks long enough then I would begin to see some kind of pattern. So far, nothing. If I had gone with him. I realise that. Counsellor, this is not simply a case of me taking the Enterprise and its crew on some wild goose chase to purge myself of guilt and remorse. I will not let Galen's death to be in vain. Now, if that means inconveniencing a few squabbling delegates for a few days, then so be it. I will take the full responsibility. (and he goes back to staring at numbers) On my way. On screen, Mister Worf. (a pretty blue green planet is turning a nasty orange-brown) Can we stop it? All the life. Perhaps the Professor's number blocks had something to do with organic matter. I'll be in the lab. [Laboratory] DNA fragments? The planets that these fragments are from are scattered across the quadrant. No wonder it took the Professor so long to collect them. But why? But how can that be possible? They're different species from different planets. There should be no compatibility at all. What is it? An algorithm? Are you saying that these DNA fragments are elements in some kind of computer programme? So, four billion years ago someone scattered this genetic material into the primordial soup of at least nineteen different planets across the galaxy? And what was this programme designed to do? Then they must be from worlds outside the Federation. Mister Data, how many people on the Enterprise are from non-Federation planets? You know, this may be a long shot, but we should check each one of these seventeen people to see if they have the correct protein configurations. To keep us from finding that piece of the puzzle. It's four billion years old. A computer programme from a highly advanced civilisation, and it's hidden in the very fabric of life itself. Whatever information this programme contains could be the most profound discovery of our time. Or the most dangerous. And the Professor knew that. [Picard's quarters] Well I have been through every page of the Professor's published works, looking for some clue as to where to go next. So far, nothing. I was in the neighbourhood. When I asked the Professor why he went all the way to Kurl, he said, I was in the neighbourhood. Doing what? There's only one planet in the Kurlan system capable of supporting life. Loren Three. Mister Data, set course for Loren Three, maximum warp. There is a good chance that our competition may be here before us. Battle stations, Mister Worf. On screen. On screen. I am Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Enterprise and I see no reason why I should answer to you. Cardassians have no claims in this sector. Not at all. But we are on a purely scientific mission. You have no reason to interfere with us. I believe we all know why we're here. If we admit that, then we can move forward. Look, if we try to deceive one other, then we shall get nowhere. I think we all know about Professor Galen's research, and about the computer programme composed of DNA fragments. I'll take your silence as confirmation. Now, it stands to reason that none of us has the DNA fragments necessary to complete the programme. You were the first to arrive in this system. Do you have an organic sample from the planet below? I believe that one of you has a fragment from Indri Eight. He destroyed the biosphere of the planet after he had taken the sample. We're all missing some of the fragments, not necessarily the same ones. Unless we combine the ones we have, we will never learn the secret of the programme. But until we assemble it, we will never know its purpose. Myriap! Enough. Without cooperation we will get nowhere. If you each bring your samples on board the Enterprise, I will combine them with ours. And then we will all observe the results simultaneously, giving no one the advantage. Then this endeavour dies here, in this room. [Laboratory] We may be very much closer indeed. This is a jigsaw puzzle whose pieces are scattered across the galaxy. Doesn't it make it natural to assume that the original designers of the puzzle should want us to find it? Why else would they have put the pieces in our DNA? And in turn, doesn't suggest they would try to make it easy for us to find those pieces, that there might be some pattern to their distribution? Doctor, programme the computer to analyse the distribution of the pieces that we have, correcting for changes in star configurations over four billion years, then extrapolate for the missing piece. If you wish, you can stay on board while we wait. What is it, Geordi? Report, Number One. Well, it won't take them long to realise that Rahm Izad is the wrong planet. Captain, you're welcome to join us. Ensign, set in a course for the Vilmoran System. Warp nine. Engage. (later) Any sign of the Cardassians? Acknowledged. [Bridge] Wait for my order, Number One. (Ocett and an aide beam in) (sotto to Crusher) The seabed it may be only partially fossilised. It could still contain organic material. The programme has been activated. I think it's reconfiguring the tricorder. It's modifying the emitter diode to project something. (the tricorder projects a hologram. It's Salome Jens in a blank latex head, the first but not the last she will wear on Trek) Picard to Enterprise. I can't think of anyone who would have appreciated it more. Yes, but it would've been a more fitting legacy if the message had not fallen on such deaf ears. Both of us. Put it through. Until then. Yes. One day. (Picard picks up one of the little Kurlan figures) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Come. (Riker enters) Fermat's last theorem. You're familiar with it? When Pierre de Fermat died they found this equation scrawled in the margin of his notes. X to the nth plus Y to the nth equals Z to the nth, where n is greater than 2, which he said had no solution in whole numbers. But he also added this phrase. Remarkable proof. For the eight hundred years people have been trying to solve it. I find it stimulating. Also, it puts things in perspective. In our arrogance we feel we are so advanced, and yet we cannot unravel a simple knot tied by a part-time French mathematician working alone, without a computer. Can you identify it? Make it so, Number One. [Transporter room] What sort of markings? We've got ourselves a puzzle, Number One. No, no. No Earth ship of that time could have travelled out this far. Curiouser and curiouser. (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, if you needed reminding.) Is there any connection between that structure and the ship fragment we found? Suggestions? Breathable air. No life forms that might be dangerous. I think we could risk a minimal away team, Number One. [Transporter room] (Riker, Data and Worf are the away team) Any information about the structure. A revolving door? Number One, proceed with caution. Enterprise to away team, come in. Transporter room. lock on to the landing party. Beam them up. What's causing the interference? Are they receiving us? Then do it. [Lobby] Status report. Is there an intelligence causing this interference? It's unlike Commander Riker not to follow procedure. When he lost contact with the Enterprise, he should have returned immediately to the beam down coordinates. Amused? [Casino] (Good ol' Tex is settling himself at a blackjack table, next to a blonde lady. Data goes up to the table) Progress? Any transmissions are simply scattered and refracted at random. No wonder you can't get through. Those are some fairly aggressive computations, Lieutenant. Is penetration possible? Make it so. [Lobby] (The away team walk through the door, but end up back in the lobby) In what way? (faint) Riker, can you read me? Number One, why haven't you left that building? [Lobby] Something about your location is interfering with communication. We are working on the problem. Then find others. What is going on down there? [Lobby] Picard to Riker. What's your situation? [Hotel room] We haven't found a way to transport you back yet. Do it. [Hotel room] Number One? We have the information you requested. Colonel Stephen Richey was the commanding officer of the explorer ship Charybdis [Hotel room] Which had a terrestrial launch date of July 23rd, 2037. It was the third manned attempt to travel beyond the confines of the Earth's solar system. [Bridge] Its telemetry failed. It was never heard from again. Do you believe that you've discovered the remains of Colonel Richey? Extraordinary. Can you read it? I understand, Number One. Now we know why all that is there. [Hotel room] Why can't you get out? [Observation lounge] Number One. Lieutenant La Forge has a thought. He believes we can phaser a slice in the field [Hotel room] Surrounding the structure. You must understand, Number One [Observation lounge] We'll wait here for months if necessary. We're just considering options. Computer, locate and display the text of the novel entitled Hotel Royale by Todd Matthews. If the cause of the difficulties is in the novel, we may find the solution within its pages. Ah. (reading) 'It was a dark and stormy night'. It's not a promising beginning. Not in real life. Remember, everything that's going on down there is taken from what Colonel Richey calls a second-rate novel. Yes, Number One. The shoot-out between the bellboy and Mickey D. [Lobby] It's on page 244. [Lobby] A bad love affair ends in a bloody shoot-out, the hotel gets bought out, and life goes on, such as it is. [Lobby] It isn't specific. It simply refers to foreign investors. Sale price, twelve point five million United States [Lobby] They return home, leaving the assistant manager in charge. Status, Number One. [Casino] Don't get out of character, Commander. The foreign investors in the book are described as flamboyantly generous. [Casino] Time to come home now, Number One. Transporter room, we have a fix on the away team. Beam them up. [Ready room] Come. (Riker enters) Welcome back, Number One. Perhaps they were brought here by whoever created that make-believe world down there. It's possible they didn't know how fragile the humans aboard actually were. Only one of them survived. Like Fermat's theorem, it's a puzzle we may never solve. (Note - it was proved by British mathematician, Andrew Wiles. Read about it here)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Well, one does not always have the luxury Yes, wherever possible. Well, you know, that really does look very nice, Mister Mot. I think that will be sufficient. Yes? Lay in a new course. I'm on my way. (Picard leaves) Report. Hail them on upper and lower band frequencies, Mister Worf. Time to the Solarion system? I understand you've been discussing alternative adversarial engagement strategy with Mister Mot. Open a channel. Ginger tea with honey, eighty degrees Celsius. My Aunt Adele's cure for the common cold. Did he have anything to say about this attack? But in forty years, they've never attacked a Federation target. And our response? On many worlds we've been to, they are isolated, treated as pariahs. But this could be done through diplomatic channels, Admiral. What do you really want of us? Any way I can? And what do I have to offer Orta that might persuade him to cooperate? Admiral. Admiral, they've endured generations of sympathy and promises. How can I believe this Orta will be satisfied with more of the same? Go ahead. Negative Ro Laren? From the Wellington? Stand by, Commander. Admiral, respectfully. I would appreciate consulting rights on the assignment of a new officer, especially one with the record of Ro Laren. There are other Bajorans in Starfleet. Assign one of them. After what happened on Garon Two, she has no business serving on any starship, let alone the flagship, my ship. It's that important to you? Picard to Riker. Proceed with the transport. I'll fill you in later. I hope you and I don't regret this, Admiral. They'll have to learn to live with it. I would expect nothing less. It won't be for long, Will. (doorbell) Come. (Ro Laren enters) Yes, Ensign Laren, please have a seat. I beg your pardon? I'm sorry, I didn't know. I wish to be candid with you, Ensign. I'm fully aware of your Starfleet record, your problems on other ships, and the incident on Garon Two that led to your court martial. And I'm concerned about your presence on this delicate mission. Nevertheless, we will all be serving together. Commander Riker and I have expectations of you. Dismissed. Captain's log, supplemental. We are approaching the Valo system on the outskirts of Cardassian territory, where many Bajorans have resettled. [Observation lounge] What can you tell us about him, Doctor? And that's a big advantage on this mission. Very well. Mister Data, will you contact Holza, arrange a meeting? Well, let's hope that you're mistaken, Ensign. But can you point us at the right individual, as Mister Data suggested? I'm pleased you agreed to meet with us, Mister Keeve. Ensign Ro has educated me. Do you know where we can find Orta? Can you help us locate him? Then I don't understand why you are unwilling? We were saddened by those events but they occurred within the designated borders of the Cardassian Empire. Well, I'm not here to debate Federation policy with you, but I can offer you assistance. We've had our problems with the Cardassians too, but now that we have a treaty, we're in a position to help. Your people have been forced to resettle all over the quadrant. But now we can make a legitimate case with the Cardassians that this is not an isolated problem. We can work diplomatically on your behalf. But first, these terrorist attacks must end. Mister Data, see to it that the replicators provide a blanket for every man, woman and child before nightfall. Mister Worf, determine what these people may have in the way of emergency needs and provide for them. You were helpful. In an age when their technology should be able to clothe and feed all of them, that they should have to live like this. Any indications of weapons or vessels beneath the surface? Which is very likely why they chose this moon for their base of operations. [Transporter room] Captain Picard to Ensign Ro. Any activity at the meeting site? Prepare to transport us to the same location Ensign Ro beamed to. Mister Worf, phasers. [Moon caves] See if we can determine their direction. Standard search pattern. Mister Worf, you come with me. It was not necessary to abduct us. Then she has done us both a disservice. I am committed to peace. Whatever your motives, you've already done enough to damage these negotiations. There will be no bloodshed. Then perhaps you would share them with me, Ensign. Deception? Yes. Ensign Ro, may I see you in my Ready room? You do not leave this ship without authorisation. This is not a discussion. You're restricted to your quarters for the remainder of this mission. Dismissed. [Ro's quarters] (the doorbell rings twice) Come. (Guinan enters with Ro in tow) Ensign Ro has been confined to her quarters. Guinan, I don't know why you are involved in this, but Please sit down. Guinan is very selective about whom she calls a friend. What can you not do anymore, Ensign? I know that part. What kind of incentive? I find that almost impossible to believe. That Admiral Kennelly would consider supplying weapons to the terrorists? You have been in contact with Admiral Kennelly during this mission? Arming these people is a violation of everything that the Federation stands for. Even you cannot be blind to that. Have you made this offer to Orta? That was a wise choice, Ensign. It probably saved you from another court martial. Have you briefed Admiral Kennelly since we returned from the surface? Then we have one thing in common. Do you think that Orta would cooperate with us to determine the truth here? Good. Our orders were to find him, to bring him back to the camps any way we could. Perhaps that is exactly what we should do. And then watch what happens. Captain's log, supplemental. I have become convinced that we are somehow involved in a conspiracy. I am hopeful the purpose behind it will be revealed in the next few hours. [Bridge] It was a team effort, Admiral. Ensign Ro was invaluable. The Enterprise will escort a Bajoran Antares class carrier to the Valo Three camp at oh five hundred hours. Orta and his people will be aboard. Acknowledged. How's that Cardassian virus, Admiral? I'm pleased. We will report as soon as our mission is accomplished. Picard out. Mister Data, keep an eye on the Cardassian border. On screen. Hail them, Mister Worf. This is Captain Picard. We're prepared to escort you to Valo Three. Ensign Ro, set a course for Valo Three, half impulse. Can you identify the class of these ships, Mister Worf? Yellow alert. Continue to monitor them. That's where it will be. (about eight minutes later) Ensign Ro, set a course to intercept the Cardassians. Mister Worf, open a channel to the Bajoran vessel. This is the Enterprise. We are moving to intercept two Cardassian warships. Maintain your present course and speed. On screen. Open a channel, Mister Worf. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Enterprise. How can we help you? I'm pleased to hear that, Gul Dolak, for all of us in the Federation value the peaceful relations with our Cardassian neighbours. Well, now that we've established our mutual good will, what's on your mind? Terrorist carrier? Are you certain? Rest assured, Gul Dolak, there will be no terrorist attacks today. We are escorting the Bajoran settlers to their camp on Valo Three. You can monitor their course if you wish. This is neutral space, Gul Dolak. You have no jurisdiction here. If we withdraw, what do you intend to do with the Bajoran vessel? I see. That puts me in a difficult position. I promised to escort these people to their camps. I'm sorry to offend you, Gul Dolak, but we cannot withdraw. Is that intended as a threat? Advise Starfleet of our status, Mister Data. When Admiral Kennelly calls, I'll speak to him in my Ready room. [Ready room] It seemed, Admiral, that they knew our course, our destination, our plan. I'm not convinced of that. Do you have any suggestions, Admiral? Sir, I see no way to protect the Cardassian peace without sacrificing the Bajorans. No. I'm not willing to give them up. Well, I just see a different big picture, Admiral. It looks something like this. I see the Cardassian liaison, with his Cardassian virus, coming to meet with you after the attack on Solarion Four. Now we have a common enemy, he says. The Bajoran terrorists. The Cardassians can't find them, but maybe the Federation can. I'm beginning to see that our mission has, in fact, been to expose Orta so that the Cardassians can move in and destroy him. Ensign Ro, set a course, bearing one eight seven mark one zero two, one quarter impulse. Hold present course. On screen. No. Here. On screen. The Cardassians have destroyed the Bajoran ship, Admiral. No, sir. No, sir. No one was on board. The ship was controlled from the ground. Communication was handled through a subspace relay on board the vessel. Actually, no. It was Ensign Ro's idea but I fully endorsed it. I suspected that something like this might occur. Admiral, I am more concerned with protecting the honour and integrity of Starfleet. The Bajorans did not attack Solarion Four. Yes. Admiral, Orta's ships are old and obsolete. They don't even have warp capabilities. They couldn't have reached another star system, let alone attacked one. I would suggest you ask your friend the Cardassian liaison, Admiral. The only explanation I can think of is that the Cardassians staged it. Perhaps they were hoping to find someone in Starfleet like you, Admiral, naive enough to solve their Bajoran problem for them. [Bajoran camp] I'm not sure. A hearing, certainly. Probably a court martial. In a few weeks. We have some surveying to do in sector two one three oh five. Ensign, you were recruited for one mission and if you wish to be relieved of further duty, I can certainly arrange it. But I'd like you to consider remaining in Starfleet. I think it would be a shame for Starfleet to lose someone of your potential. That can change. I've noticed qualities in you that could be harnessed, moulded. I think you've got a great deal to learn from Starfleet. That is an attitude I've found common among the best officers I've ever served with. You're not one of them yet, but you could be, if you work at it. Condition? (She puts on her earring) Picard to Enterprise. Two to beam up. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
They're right, Baran, and you know it. I say kill him. Now. (Riker looks round, aghast) If he has nothing to give us, we should kill him now and be done with it. Everyone seems to recognise that fact except you. He may not be as useful as you think, if this is the same Riker that I've heard about. Commander of the Enterprise formerly assigned to the USS Hood. Then you must be the William T. Riker with a history of insubordination. He was even once relieved of duty, during the Cardassian incident at Minos Korva. Look, I've been smuggling artefacts from Federation sites for years. You can't help developing a familiarity with certain Starfleet personnel. If we hadn't have captured him, he'd probably have ended up before a court martial. Look, he's no use to us. Finish him now. Let me do it for you. (the ship jerks and rushes into warp) The antimatter flow regulator is locked open. The flow regulator is frozen. We don't have much time. It's good to see you, Will. I didn't expect to meet you here. These mercenaries use weapons that can activate their transporter. It gives them the opportunity to beam things quickly, just by firing at them. That's what they did to me. The site that I wanted to study had been raided. A lot of the artefacts had been stolen. The site had been practically destroyed. I wanted to find out who was responsible. I tracked them to that bar on Dessica Two. I must have asked too many questions. They captured me. They wanted to find out how much I knew about their operation. I convinced them I was a smuggler, and that my name was Galen. I offered to help them appraise the artefacts that they had stolen. Will, these aren't common thieves. They are stealing Romulan artefacts from archaeological sites throughout this sector. Baran has me analysing each one if them for a particular particle signature. Will, they are looking for a specific artefact. That's what we have to find out. Baran is the key. I think that he knows more about what we're really looking for than anyone else on this ship. I want you to get close to him. Try and get his confidence. He also believes that you're a less than perfect Starfleet officer. Will, I want you to play into that role. Baran and I, well, he doesn't care very much for me, but he has to tolerate me because he needs my help with these artefacts. But if you and I become enemies, then there's a better chance of you and he becoming friends. Getting some answers, because you can't get him to talk. (Baran punishes Picard) What? Calder Two isn't just another archaeological site, you know. It's a Federation outpost there. It's defended by Starfleet. You don't think they're just going to stand by while we walk in there and take whatever we want. They also have a minimum of two phaser banks and possibly photon torpedoes. Is that enough to worry about? Because I tried to smuggle a Sakethan glyph stone out of there nearly two years ago. I barely got away in one piece. Why don't we use Riker? He's a Starfleet Commander. He could talk us past the outpost security without raising their suspicions. Then when their shields go down, we can beam the artefacts up here without ever leaving the ship. If he doesn't help us, we'll have to destroy the outpost and kill everyone on it. He's still a Starfleet officer. He won't want to take innocent lives if he can possibly prevent it. Computer, reset diagnostic for new sample, lot number four seven eight B. Access spectral analysis and begin scan, mode three. Computer, reset diagnostic for new sample, lot number three six nine B. (Tallera enters) Access spectral analysis, mode two, begin scan. You can tell Baran if he wants the analysis done faster, he can do it himself. If he wants it done correctly, he can wait. I doubt that he'll do that. I've increased the accuracy of the identification process by a factor of ten. I'm the best person to analyse these artefacts. Baran knows that. I don't like operating in the dark. If I knew what the point of this mission were, why I was analysing these relics. Do you know what all this is about? Then what's going on here. Why are we risking our lives taking these artefacts? Who wants them? You can tell Baran every word that I've said. He knows that I don't think much of him as a leader. Baran wouldn't last five minutes as captain if he didn't have that control device. The crew follow him because they have no choice. Baran's power is based on fear and intimidation. If someone were to challenge him, the rest of the crew would follow. No, there's no time for that! Starfleet will be here any minute. I'm configuring the disruptors to fire a phase resonant pulse. If I can hit their shield generator with precisely the right frequency, I should be able to take it out with one shot. Firing. Their shields are down. They managed to get their shields back up.
Mister Data, we must hurry or we'll miss Commander Riker's party. You'd better take a look at it, Mister Data. Source? Maybe the rumours of a secret Romulan base in this sector are true. Picard to Commander Riker. [Ten Forward] I apologise for interrupting your celebration, but I'm going to need an away team. Could you report to the Bridge, please? [Bridge] I suppose you'll just have to go down there and find out. Number One. Happy birthday. [Cavern] (They beam into a place of extraordinary stalagmites and a wonderfully flat floor) Commander Riker, please acknowledge. And we are having similar difficulties reading you. I am advising you and your away team [Cavern] to transport up at once. Transporter room, what's happening? [Transporter room] Report. Will. Not surprising. Altarian viruses can be a nasty business. We'll discuss this after we've transport over. Picard out. [Turbolift] Captain Riker. it's good to see you have recovered. How much? To lose sixteen years. It's almost beyond belief. And it couldn't have happened at a worse time. A few more days of relatively simple negotiations, and the treaty will be signed. Sorry. I'll start at the beginning, which is four years ago. A Romulan battle cruiser strayed into Federation space. Its warp coils had collapsed, life support was failing. The Romulans were impressed, to say the least. After years of distrust and conflict, they started to talk. You were our key spokesman in securing the alliance with the Romulans. The preliminaries are over. All we need do now is escort the Romulan Ambassador to the final session. Will, you're sound of mind and body. If you are properly briefed, you will still be able to fulfill your duty. We do need you. I appreciate your candour, but despite your condition there is no one better equipped to deal with these Romulans than you. As soon as the Ambassador transports over from the Decius. We will get through this, as we have many times before. (Picard leaves) Picard to Captain Riker. The Romulan Ambassador is ready to transport over from the Decius. Troi tells me you met Jean-Luc. How's my namesake holding up to all this? Just follow my lead with the Ambassador. You'll be fine. [Transporter room] Ambassador Tomalak. Welcome aboard the Enterprise. I agree, Ambassador. All of the difficult issues have been resolved. But we have come to an agreement both sides are happy with, largely thanks to Captain Riker. I assure you Captain Riker is quite well. He's looking forward to attending the final negotiations as planned. I trust the process we have built with the Romulans over the past four years. They have nothing to gain by betrayal. I'm sorry, Will, your information is out of date. The strategic importance of Outpost twenty three is minimal. Has been for years. Captain, perhaps it would be best if we discussed this I beg your pardon? Picard to Commander Riker. Do you read me? Are you all right? We beamed them up an hour ago. They're fine. [Bridge] But we lost you in mid-transport. Where've you been? What is going on down there?
Of what nature? Answer affirmative. Lieutenant La Forge, lay in the course. It's a little out of their territory. Let's get a little more information first. Speed, warp seven. Engage. (A short flight later) Now there's a name we haven't heard for a while. If the Romulans have returned to this sector we should know about that. Mister Worf, any further activity? Slow to half impulse. Shields and deflectors up. Go to Yellow Alert. Put it on main viewer. Magnify. (An angular, practical ship, like an Eagle transporter) Any trace of the other vessel? Tell Starfleet we're entering the Neutral Zone. Mister La Forge, take us in a little closer. Stay sharp everyone. Life signs? Keep alert. What do you mean, possible? Lieutenant Yar, you stay at your post. If this is the result of a Romulan attack, they may still be in the area. Mister La Forge, are we close enough to use the Visual Acuity transmitter? Please do. And Number One? Everything about this seems wrong. This is the Enterprise. Ready to receive. Put this on main viewer. Extraordinary. Now I'm beginning to understand him. Geordi. What was that? Over to the left. Yes, that. No, no, back. Yes, that. Right there. What is that? [Batris Corridor] Ah, to me it's just an undefined form, standing in a visual frenzy. Can you filter out the extraneous information? But it's just a jumble. [Batris Corridor] How can you make head or tail of it? But how is that possible? Of course, something you learn. Look over at Data. There's an aura around Data. You say that as if you think that's what we all see. Oh, yes, of course, Number One. Proceed. [Batris Corridor] Geordi, step closer. It looks to me like a spectrograph indicating metal fatigue. [Batris Corridor] Is that how you interpret it? Geordi, we've lost transmission. [Batris Engineering] (As well as debris, there is a bright light source) Number One, what's going on? What is it? What do you see? Klingons? [Batris compartment] (There are two Klingons standing there) Tasha, go to transporter room three. I want you there when the away team returns. They're out of options. Do it! [Transporter room] Now! (The first attempt fails and the group arrive back on the Batris as explosions head towards them. The ship goes bang on the viewscreen, then Tasha materialises them) I'll be in Sickbay. Granted. [Sickbay] Inform me as soon as it is complete. Situation, Doctor. I am Jean Luc Picard, Captain of this vessel. Would you mind telling me what has happened? What was the ship doing in the Neutral Zone? What precipitated the attack? Still, there are some points that I'm not very clear about. Of course. Permission granted. (Worf, Korris and Konmel leave) There's more to this than we've been told. Why was the Talarian ship so far off course? What was its point of departure? Contact Starfleet. Find out what they know about Korris and company. They're going to be with us for a while. Let's find out all we can about them. No. Worf can deal with anything that might arise. How's your patient, Doctor? Commander Korris, this is Captain Picard. I am sorry to report your comrade's injuries are beyond our medical abilities. [Sickbay] And as I watched Worf, it was like looking at a man that I had never known. Can you identify it? Keep a close watch on it. So close to the Neutral Zone it can't be random. [Engineering] I can understand them looking at a dying man's eyes, but the howling? To whom? Can we get a visual? Magnify. Open hailing frequencies, Lieutenant Yar. Klingon cruiser, this is Captain Jean Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise. We came to investigate a battle. We rescued three Klingon survivors. They were not off the cruiser. They were from the freighter Batris. The leader is Captain Korris. Yes. Lieutenant Yar, where are they now? Deck seventeen? No. Send a security team. I think, Number One, we cannot assume anything. Lead the security team, and, Lieutenant, you understand with whom you are dealing. Lieutenant. The Klingon vessel has to arrived. They have requested return of the renegades. I know. Lieutenant, understand that I am not unmindful of the mixed feelings you must have about this incident. None that I can see. So far. He must be torn. These are his people. Open frequencies. We're prepared to transfer. Permission granted. Lieutenant Yar, escort the prisoners to the Transporter room. Keep me informed, Lieutenant. Data, visual on K'Nera. Captain, there will be a short delay. Korris has escaped. I think we can handle the situation. [Engineering] (Korris runs in and sees the warp core. He heads up a ladder. Tasha enters) Commander Korris. [Bridge] This is a futile effort. [Engineering] You cannot win. I understand, Lieutenant. We'll both go. [Engineering] What's the situation? How do you suggest we proceed? Talk to him, Worf. (Worf goes to under where Korris is standing) Wait. (Worf goes down the ladder, turns Korris over, and does the death ritual for him) [Bridge] Mister La Forge, open hailing frequencies. Commander K'Nera, this is Captain Picard. Korris and the other Klingon are dead. Do you wish the bodies returned? Ah. Commendable, Lieutenant. Mister La Forge, set course for Starbase Eighty four. Good. Speed, warp five. And Mister Worf, the Bridge wouldn't be the same without you. Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
What kind of disturbance? See if you can contact the colony. How far are we? Bridge to La Forge. Are you picking up any readings from Melona? [Engineering] Ensign, increase to warp eight. [Melona colony] Keep hailing them. All channels, Mister Worf. I know, Counsellor. Increase to warp nine. How long, Mister Worf? Of course. Commander Data, you will accompany the Doctor to the surface. Doctor, there is no one on this ship with more knowledge of the Crystalline Entity than Commander Data. He originated on Omicron Theta. You may request additional team members, but in the best interest of this investigation, I think you should work with Commander Data. Well? If her discomfort is going to affect her judgement or her objectivity, I need to know now. [Cave] Mister Data, can you project a course from it? Is either populated? Ensign, set a course for the Brechtian Cluster. Reprogram the torpedoes, Mister Worf. Let's hope we don't have to use them. If we can possibly avoid firing on it, I would hope it would be Perhaps you should join me in my Ready room. [Ready room] We're not hunters, Doctor. Nor is it our role to exact revenge. I don't denying that it may be necessary to fire on it. But I look on that as a last resort. I want to try to communicate with it. We know from our own experience that our shields will protect us. So long as we're in no danger, I will make every effort to communicate. If we can determine what its needs are, we might find other sources to supply it. Doctor, the sperm whale on Earth devours millions of cuttlefish as it roams the oceans. It is not evil. It is feeding. The same may be true of the Crystalline Entity. I would argue that the Crystalline Entity has as much right to be here as we do. Now, Commander Data has some theories on how we might communicate. Please confer with him. [Data's quarters] (Data is playing Spanish guitar when the doorbell chimes) A distress call from a ship called the Kallisko. It's being pursued by an unknown object. How strong are your shields, Captain? Do you carry weapons? Kallisko, change course. Take evasive action. Do whatever you can to outrun it. Mister Worf, try to reestablish. Ensign, set a course for the Kallisko. Mister Riker, prepare an away team. Captain's log, stardate 45125.7. An away team led by Commander Riker has conducted a thorough survey of the alien ship Kallisko, and has returned to the Enterprise to report. [Bridge] No, we don't have time for that now. Mister Worf, send a message to the nearest starbase. Ask them to dispatch a crew. Mister La Forge, make certain that we're still picking up the gamma radiation pattern of the Entity. Have you and Commander Data made any progress in finding a means of communication? Please keep working at it. We may need it soon. [Turbolift] Come. (takes his foot off the desk as Riker enters) Very well. Oh, one thing, Number One. Starfleet will be notifying Carmen Davila's family of her death and returning her personal effects. Would you care to enclose a letter? Is there something more, Number One? Of course. Why do you think that? Are you sure that that's it, Number One, or are you being influenced by personal feelings? Make it so. Full stop. Doctor, continue emitting the signals. Mister Worf, on screen. Magnify. Possibly. Just as we're checking it out. Remarkable. It's trying to communicate with us. Then it's possible. Communication, understanding. Doctor, return to the intermittent signal. (the Entity begins to shake) Counsellor? Doctor, stop the transmission. That is an order. Doctor Marr, do you hear me? Mister Worf, take charge of the Doctor. Mister Data, shut down the transmission. Mister Worf, will you escort the Doctor to her quarters. Fine, but don't leave her unattended.
Am I intruding? No, that won't be necessary, Mister Worf. I'm not here as your captain. I'm here as the man who stood with you before the High Council. Your cha'DIch. We will arrive at your home world in less than a day. That doesn't sound like the man who came to me a year ago fiercely determined to return home and to clear his father's name or die trying. Isn't it time to confront the Council? To regain your family name? Let the truth be known? Patience is a human virtue, one which I am glad to see you've taken to heart. But doesn't this situation require a more Klingon response? Your discommendation is a facade to protect less honourable men. It is a lie. Lies must be challenged. Go ahead, Number One. [Bridge] On screen. Gowron. This is an unexpected pleasure. Successful? Duras died in disgrace. By Klingon tradition, his family should share that disgrace. And who speaks for his family now? And they would claim the leadership of the Council? Then how I do not see what I can do to assist. That is beyond my purview. I will not step outside the traditional role of the Arbiter. Then I can only assure you that I will deal with any challenge according to Klingon law. Mister Worf, would you escort our guest to the transporter room? (Worf and Gowron enter the turbolift) Begin monitoring Romulan activity along the Neutral Zone, Mister Data. Have the outpost stations send us their tactical reports. The Duras family are preparing to move against Gowron. I don't know. But there is too much history between the Duras and the Romulans to discount the possibility. [Transporter room] Come. Mister Worf, request granted. Lieutenant. Qapla! (Worf leaves) And good luck. Lieutenant Worf, personal log, stardate 44996.1. I have located the Klingon ship on which my brother Kurn serves as captain, and have arranged to join him. [Kurn's ready room] Qaja plu d'itch jung. La woq you ghir klas qimha. Gowron. Doj hon. Doj hon. Mister Worf. Have you cancelled your leave? Lieutenant, would you join me in my Ready room? [Ready room] Mister Worf, you're using our files on the Khitomer massacre as evidence against Duras' father? Do you not see an inherent conflict of interest here? You are using your position as a Starfleet officer to affect political change on your planet. There could not be a worse compromise of our fundamental principles. Mister Worf. Here I am lecturing you on a conflict of interest while I'm desperately trying to avoid one of my own. Do you think I wish to allow the Duras family to solidify their hold on the Council? Do you think I cannot see for myself the implications for the Federation? Good Lord, Duras tried to have me killed! All of my instincts, my training, my very being as a Starfleet officer are at odds with my responsibilities as Arbiter of the Klingon High Council. We walk the same tightrope between two worlds, you and I. We must try our very best to keep those two worlds separate, or we shall certainly fall. I will make the Khitomer massacre files available to anyone who wants them. To the High Council, to the Duras family, to you. Anyone. Mister Worf, this is as far as I can go. (Worf leaves) Yes, Number One. [Bridge] Send it through. [Duras home] Thank you. Nothing would be served by killing the Arbiter before his decision. Your invitation was unexpected. That pleases me. I am pursuing it with due vigilance. (B'Etor kneels by Picard) Then it remains to see if he has the support of the law. I'll tell you what I see. If I find Toral's challenge valid, the two of you will very quickly gain control of the Council and Gowron will be found dead shortly thereafter. If I reject Toral's claim, you will accuse me of serving Federation interests. It will serve as a rallying cry to declare war and overthrow Gowron. You have manipulated the circumstances with the skill of a Romulan. My decision will be announced at high sun tomorrow. Excellent tea. Good day, ladies. [Great Hall] K'Tal, this Council knows the law of heredity well. G'now juk Hol pajhard. A son shall share in the honours or crimes of his father. Toral is Duras' son. That has been established by the genetic scan. But with due respect to the traditions and laws of this High Council, there is no basis for accepting a petition for leadership from a boy who has fought no battles, shed no blood for his people, or earned no honour for himself. One day, perhaps he shall. But not now. Duras is dead. His claim to the leadership died with him. Gowron shall lead the Council. Red alert. It's begun. [Gowron's Bridge] Ensign Riol, plot a course to take us safely away from the combat area. Half impulse. If we go to the aid of the Bortas, we'll be dragging the Federation into a Klingon civil war. Ensign, engage. [Gowron's Bridge] I understand your position, but I', sure you're aware that the Federation cannot interfere in what is, by definition, an internal Klingon affair. My duties in that regard are finished. Mister Worf, I don't have to lecture you on the principle of non interference. As Starfleet officers, we have all sworn an oath to uphold that principle whatever our personal feelings. I'm sorry. I must refuse your request. (Worf starts to follow Gowron out of the room) Mister Worf. I'm afraid I must recall you to duty. The Enterprise will be leaving this sector immediately. Mister Worf, your responsibilities as a Starfleet officer are incompatible with remaining on board a Klingon ship during a time of war. I order you to return to duty at once. Am I intruding? I understand that you'll be serving on board the Bortas. Your tactical knowledge and experience will serve them well. Mister Worf, are you certain that this is the right decision? Being the only Klingon ever to serve in Starfleet gave you a singular distinction, but I felt that what was unique about you was your humanity, compassion, generosity, fairness. You took the best qualities of humanity and made them part of you. The result was a man who I was proud to call one of my officers. I'll have your belongings transported to the Bortas. Attention on deck. [Transporter room] (the senior staff are here) Permission granted. Qapla'
No. I'm really sorry. I don't. You have? I'm really sorry. Not worried exactly. This notion of admitting half of their planet to the Federation while leaving the other half out. Every member of the Federation entered as a unified world, and that unity said something about them. That they had resolved certain social and political differences and they were now ready to become part a larger community. But the Prytt are not. They are reclusive to the point of xenophobia. That analogy is not exactly Go ahead, Number One. [Bridge] Inform him we're on our way. Thank you for breakfast. Let's not keep them waiting, Mister Worf. Energise. (Picard and Crusher are beamed away, and Worf starts to leave) Beverly. Beverly. I don't know. I would assume we must be on Kesprytt. We're in some kind of prison cell. The question is, why? I can't imagine that Ambassador Mauric would have any reason to detain us. What is it? What? (there's something sticking out of the back of his neck) Some kind of coercive device? What is going on here? Prisoners on whose authority? Enemy? You mean the Kes. Your information is incorrect. We have no plans to enter into any And then you'll discover that we're telling the truth. What? You're staring at me. There may be a structural flaw that would allow us to escape. Beverly, the important thing during any confinement is to think positively and not give up hope. There is a way out of every box, there is a solution to every puzzle. It's just a matter of finding it. (the guard puts a covered plate on the floor and backs out. Picard fails to stop the door closing again) Damn. It means they plan on keeping us here for a while. Does it work? It's a map. Possibly. Or it could be part of a very carefully laid trap. Agreed. Is there a way to open the cell door? There must be a lava flow or a underground hot spring somewhere near here. Can we get through it? What did you say? Say when. The eruptions have stopped. There's no way out of here. What? I didn't say anything about being thirsty. I was thinking about it, but I didn't say anything. The transceivers. Lorin said that they would align themselves to our psi-wave patterns. I don't know. Well, right now we have more immediate concerns. Does your map show us a way out of here? Right. (Picard starts up the rock face) I heard that. They were not words exactly. A sudden sense of fear. A sense of fear of heights. It was a strange sensation. Suddenly having these thoughts appear in my mind. Come on, you've done this before. It's just like on a holodeck. One step at a time, just climbing steadily and slowly. One of us is hungry. Do you mind thinking of something else. You're making me hungry. Something other than a large bowl of vegetable soup. Beverly! I am not being unreasonable. You're right. We can't react to every random thought that crosses the other person's mind. Isn't astonishing, though, how much clutter there is in a consciousness. Odd memories coming to the surface. Bits of half-remembered songs. I just wanted to see if you were still listening. Maybe if we put some distance between us, that might weaken it. Not that I'm growing tired of hearing your most intimate thoughts. What happened? Me, too. The same thing. But when you moved back toward me it got better. Well, it seems as if we're stuck with each other. (some way further on) What is it? Let me see. This way. What? No, but there are times when it is necessary for a captain to give the appearance of confidence. (they walk on a little way then he looks at her) I'm beginning to realise that you seem to always have some acerbic remark on the tip of your tongue. Your friends. There was someone called Tom Norris? There's something more. You're laughing, but actually you're embarrassed by that incident. This sharing of thoughts and feelings is quite compelling. No. It's several kilometres to find another way around that ridge. The border is just two kilometres east of here. There's a forcefield protecting it, but we can find some way to deal with that when we get there. Come on. [Kes quarters] (once again Riker is scanned as he enters with Worf) No luck? Well, by this time tomorrow we could be back on the Enterprise and you can plant yourself in front of a replicator with a knife and fork. That's not true. That's not quite what I meant. It's just that I don't like You see, I think that breakfast should be a simple meal and recently you've been ordering these elaborate things. I didn't think it was important. You don't like those elaborate meals either. There's something about the flame, the smell of the smoke. It's always seemed to me to be intoxicating, somehow. Didn't you? You were married to my best friend. At first I thought it was harmless infatuation. Something hormonal rather than emotional. I realised that it was something else, and it wasn't right. But although I would never act on it, I couldn't help the way I felt. I felt guilty before he died> Having feelings like that for my best friend's wife. And then later, after the accident, I promised myself that I would never tell you know how I felt. It would be like betraying my friend I didn't know how I would react. And then, little by little, I realised that I didn't have those feelings any more. Twenty years is, after all, a long time. Yes, friends. Right. (Beverly lies down near the fire, then Picard lies next to her) [Bridge] I'm all right. (they run) [Observation lounge] No, no. The modulation frequency is in the upper harmonic range. They're coming. I tend to agree, Number One. (Picard and Crusher glance at each other then laugh) Of course. Of course. You're absolutely right. [Picard's quarters] (after dinner) My pleasure. So, were you getting tired of my company? (a toast) To freedom. I was just thinking that as distracting as it was, I was beginning to get used to hearing your thoughts and I find that I miss it. Oh? A man can't be held responsible for what his mind does while So now that we've had this unique experience, what do we do? You know exactly what I mean. Now that we know how each of us feels, perhaps we should not be afraid to explore those feelings. (she kisses his cheek) Goodnight. (in the corridor, Beverly waits for a few moments before walking off. Picard also waits for a few moments before blowing out the candles) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
No. Open up the transporters in Cargo bay two and divert everyone from deck seven to there. That should put it back on track. All right, all right. Have Commander LaForge transport a stasis unit from the astrophysics lab. You should be able to convert it to store tissue samples. Oh, I think we can resume the sequence. Counsellor Troi is taking care of the situation on deck seven. Bridge. Yes, it has. Exactly. Mister Data, are you all right? Small talk. Perhaps it was a little too non-relevant. But if you really are interested in small talk, then you should keep your eye on Commander Hutchinson at the reception this afternoon. He's a master. Gentlemen, gentlemen, we're running out of time. Mister Worf? Are we ready, Commander La Forge? Additional units? And that might overload the field diverters protecting our key systems. How long until the new ones are in place? Very well. Computer, disable all command functions in thirty minutes. Authorisation, Picard gamma six zero seven three. In my Ready room, Mister Worf. Permission granted. I wish I could excuse myself as well. Mister La Forge, I cannot excuse my entire senior staff. Mister Worf beat you to it. [Ready room] Go ahead, Mister Orton. Confirmed. Tell him I'm looking forward to it. Commander. Very well, thank you. (our focus moves from Hutch to Data) Oh, er, Geordi, Deanna. I don't think you've met our host. This is Lieutenant Commander Geordi La Forge, Counsellor Deanna Troi. This is Commander Hutchinson. Horses? Sounds perfect. Mister La Forge, how long before the baryon sweep begins on the Enterprise? Then I have enough time to back to the ship and get my saddle. Yes. A saddle is a very personal thing. It has to be broken in, used, cared for. Oh yes, yes. I never know when I'll have the opportunity to ride. It's perfectly normal. Most serious riders do have their own saddles. Well, if you'll excuse me. (Picard leaves, quickly) Someone left this ODN junction box open. I thought your crew was supposed to be off the ship once the field diverters were in place. I see. Well, I'd better let you finish up so you can get off the ship. Hey. Hey. Who are you? What are you doing on my ship? You're probably right. But I'd like to bet this will. A laser welder can be deadly. What's going on in main Engineering? I suggest that you cooperate. You sure? (Picard hypos him instead) Seems you're right. [Turbolift] (Picard is caught trying to climb up. It's Patricia Tallman in alien makeup as Kiros) [Arkaria base] My name is Mot. I'm the barber. Yes, I know. But I wanted to go riding, but I didn't have my saddle, so I went back to get it and Yes, that's right. It's on deck seven. I left it in the corridor. And then the power went out and I got lost All right. Just don't point that thing at me. Kelsey. Don't be a fool. [Engineering] You know better than to try and move trilithium resin. You may call me whatever you wish. [Worf's quarters] Moving trilithium resin requires very specific equipment. You can't simply improvise something. [Engineering] I would rather destroy the ship than allow that material to fall into the hands of terrorists. [Engineering] Trilithium resin is a highly toxic waste product produced by our engines. [Engineering] It's only possible use could be as a weapon. There are only so many ways to Ten Forward. Ten Forward is the logical place to be if you want to stay ahead of the baryon sweep. [Jefferies tube] I plan on leaving the same way you do. On your ship. [Jefferies tube] Come on, Kelsey. [Sickbay] If you've been planning this so long, you must have a way of getting off the Enterprise and leaving this system. I think you have a ship coming for you. I plan to be on it. [Jefferies tube] I'm sorry to hear that. I'll send your regrets. [Arkaria base] He's not dead. Kelsey, perhaps we can work out a deal. My name isn't Mot. It's Jean-Luc Picard. Leave the trilithium here and take me with you. You can use me as a hostage instead of threatening Profit. This is all about profit. Picard to Arkaria base. Deactivate the baryon sweep. Arkaria Base, this is Captain Picard on board the Enterprise. Deactivate the baryon sweep! (Picard takes final refuge in Ten-Forward's windows) Arkaria Base, this is Captain Picard. Deactivate the baryon sweep immediately! (and the sweep stops) Picard here. [Arkaria base] (Riker has Orton and the waiter under guard) Yes, Mister Data. I know they won't get very far. (Picard has the control rod in his hand. The little ship goes ka-BOOM! ) [Sickbay] Any luck? Thank you. Actually, it came in handy. I only wish I'd had the opportunity to use it on a horse.
Take us in, Ensign. One quarter impulse. Engineering. [Engineering] Report. Bridge to La Forge. Our speed is still dropping. Explanation. If we can't correct it we may have to reverse course and leave the nebula. [Engineering] It seems we're looking a unique phenomenon. One that hasn't been recorded before. Agreed. Collect your samples, Mister La Forge. We'll proceed with caution. Dismissed. [Corridor] Is it something that the shields can't handle? Mister Data? But the sensors show nothing out there, right? Can we go to warp speed? Ensign, increase power to the impulse engines. Bridge to Commander Riker. Check with Mister La Forge. See if he found anything in the matter sample from the nebula. Proceed. Remarkable. (there are lots of red strands, like a loose spider web) Agreed. Ensign, bring us about. Take us out of the nebula. Do your best, Ensign. Status, Mister Data. Continue a full sensor sweep. I want all the information we can gather. (ship shudder) Mister Data? Ensign, bring us to bearing oh three oh mark five. Steady as she goes. [Ten Forward] Picard to Lieutenant Worf. [Bridge] Lieutenant, [Sickbay] We've established the presence of what appears to be an alien entity on board. It seems the entity has manifested itself in the form of a twelve year old human girl who has been seen with Clara Sutter. She has blonde hair, blue eyes When? Security Alert [Sickbay] Mister Worf. Keep a good lookout. Clara, if we need your help again, I hope we can count on you. On my way. [Bridge] Report. All stop. On screen. (it's a firefly) We know you've been on this ship for some time now, and that you're posing as Clara's friend, and that you've been threatening her. We can only assume that there is some connection between yourself and the life forms attacking this ship. You're obviously an intelligent being. There's no reason to hide from us. Talk to us. Or can you only communicate by threatening a small child? Who are you? Energy? Is that why you're draining our shields? Picard to Bridge. Report. Acknowledged. If it's energy that you want, we have other ways of providing it. You needn't destroy us. What makes you say that? In what way have we mistreated her? You mean where you wanted her to. You were taking her to places that were inappropriate, even dangerous. We didn't know that. We didn't even know if you were real. All we knew was that a little girl's imaginary friend was frightening her, threatening her. I understand. You are seeing this ship, all of us, from a unique perspective. From a child's point of view. It must seem terribly unfair and restrictive to you. As adults, we don't always stop to consider how everything we say and do shapes the impressions of young people. But if you're judging us as a people by the way we treat our children, and I think there can be better criterion, then you must understand how deeply we care for them. When our children are young, they don't understand what might be dangerous. Our rules are to keep them from harm, real or imagined, and that's part of the continuity of our human species. When Clara grows up, she will make rules for her children to protect them, as we protect her. Status, Number One. Notify all sections we'll be leaving this area in one hour. Mister La Forge, I want you to drive the warp engines to full power, and direct a flow of energy out into the nebula.
Such a beautiful world. Legends say it has been known to mend souls and heal broken hearts. Legends like that are the spice of the universe, Mister Data, because they have a way of sometimes coming true. [Riker's quarters] (Riker is relaxing to a holographic pair of women playing musical instruments) Will you and your husband be staying with the ship, Counsellor? Then I'll just say congratulations for now, Deanna. You'll excuse me? (Picard leaves) I'm Jean-Luc Picard, Captain of the Enterprise. Welcome aboard. You can see your quarters now, if you like. Will you show the Millers to their accommodations, please, and I shall join you later. (The Millers leave) So be it. Wyatt seems a fine young man. I don't understand. Of course. Your daughter has explained your telepathic ability. No, no, that's quite all right. I'm indebted to your mother for the fine Counsellor she (The luggage is heavier than he expected. A lot heavier) (straining himself) This way. (The reincarnation of Christine Chapel and voice of the Enterprise computer follows, with her daughter and Lurch-sized servant) [Corridor] Oh, please don't let me keep up from doing your duty. Oh, no. Passenger accommodation. I'm sure I find them perfectly pleasant We hope you find the room comfortable. I'll see what I can do. And now, if you will excuse me, I'm sure the two of you have a lot to talk about. On screen. (An elegant woman appears) Greetings, Electorine. I'm Picard. In what way? Are you saying you believe it to be hostile? Agreed. But let's hope it doesn't become a defence matter. Sub-warp? It's several hours away then? Let's take a look at it. Enlarge to maximum. Mister Data, is that the trouble I believe it is? Picard to Sickbay. Doctor Crusher to Bridge, urgent. They must not be permitted them to destroy us. Or the planet. Captain's log, supplemental. It has been believed the Tarellian race was extinct, an assumption contradicted now by the sight of one of their vessels approaching Haven. [Observation lounge] Go on with your briefing, Mister Data. There were hostilities? Can you identify the origin of the infection, Doctor? And it was believed that the last Tarellian vessel was destroyed eight years ago by the Alcyones. Exactly when will they reach Haven? Thank you. Which creates a very difficult problem for the Enterprise. Our treaty requires us to protect Haven, and Federation policy requires that we assist life forms in need, which must include the Tarellians. I'll want you to help me find some answers. Thank you. However, there will be ample time for your second assignment, voluntary of course. The pre-joining announcement of Counsellor Deanna Troi (Riker leaves) And Wyatt Miller. [Lounge] Well, yes, of course, if all parties request it. No, that's quite true. Ladies and gentlemen, it is a Starfleet tradition that at social gatherings, disputes are not permitted. I hereby declare therefore all disagreements resolved. (At table, during the meal) A toast. To the young couple and their families. And may this union be a productive one. (General hear, hear, and cheers) (Data is standing by Mr. Homn, who is standing by a small gong, and knocking back drinks as if he's spent a month in a desert) Yes, it is true. What do you think, Doctor? Mister Data? You're circling the room like a buzzard. Yes, of course. How can you be certain they're receiving us? On viewer. We are aware of that, Electorine. We will not fire on them, Electorine. And then, Lieutenant? Then we can't delay any longer. Ready the tractor beam, Lieutenant Yar. Target the ship. Activate on my command. Engage. Do we have them securely, Lieutenant? Can they beam out to the planet? Sir, our concern is with the threat your vessel poses to the planet below. If you're still carrying the infection which destroyed your world Eight? If you've come here because of the legend about planet Haven miraculously healing the sick. This is not our planet, sir, but I will present your needs to those who do govern this world. Override. Mrs. Miller, if I could have prevented this I would have. And mine, sir. (Transmission ends) I was not amused. [Bridge] Take us out of here, Mister Riker. Our destiny is elsewhere. But I'm happy that yours is here with us, Counsellor.
Freeze programme. Very well done, Data. Your performance skills really are improving. Well, you've never known fear, Data. But as an acute observer of behaviour, you should be able to approximate it. Your mentors? Method acting? I'm vaguely familiar with it, but why would you choose such an old-fashioned approach? But surely that's an impossible task for you, Data. On my way, Number One. Data, the moment you decided to stop imitating other actors and create your own interpretation, you were already one step closer to understanding humanity. [Bridge] What's the nature of the emergency? Worf, can you improve our reception? Doctor Clark, we are barely able maintain communication with you. Can you boost the level of your power source? Under attack? On screen, before we lose contact. Doctor Clark, this is Captain Picard. We are ready to beam you and your staff on board the Transporter room three. Lock onto the science team and beam them aboard. Then beam Doctor Clark aboard by himself. Mister Worf, will you escort him to my ready room. Number One, try to make some sense out of this mess. [Ready room] What do you mean, now? They reverted to a simpler existence? Until what, Doctor? And who is this Ardra? Have you located the science team, Number One? Doctor. [Bridge] I'm Captain Jean-Luc Picard. Is there nothing you can do? Prophecies? Poorly timed. Visions? Do you mean dreams? Jared, tell your people, if the hostages are released, I am prepared to offer Federation assistance should this, this Ardra return. Mister Data, what do we know about this Ardra? I think I should meet with this Acost Jared. He's still our best hope for the release of the hostages. No. I'm going down to the planet myself. Mister Worf, you and Mister Data will accompany me. Mister O'Brien can keep a lock on our communicators. He can pull us out if necessary. Counsellor, I want you to come too. [Athenaeum] (outside. buildings burn and people run) You must calm your people. There is no reason for panic. If the tremors have frightened people, leading to this hysteria over Ardra, let us reassure them. If you can at least help us locate our people. (the building shakes) Nonsense. It is only (Then a woman appears) I am Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Enterprise. Who are you? If your intent is to intimidate, you are not succeeding. I have encountered many who more credibly could be called the devil than you. You claim you visited this planet a thousand years ago and negotiated a contract? I would like to see that contract. [Vault] (lots of dust and dribbly candles) You won't mind if I don't take your word for it? Jared, with your permission, I'd like Mister Data will review these scrolls thoroughly. I am only here to secure the release of the Federation hostages. Enterprise, advise Doctor Clark that the hostages are being released. Goodness had nothing to do with it. Three to beam up. Mister Data will remain on the surface. Data, I want a complete report on the contents of these documents. I refuse to abandon this planet to that woman. Energise. [Observation lounge] Q would never bother with contracts. I noticed that too, Counsellor. I had the distinct impression of in the presence of a flim-flam artist. Her powers are, at the best, unclear. Think about it, Mister Worf. Transporter technology can make things appear and disappear. The illusion that she can transform herself into a Klingon creature could be created by holographic projection. We are capable of recreating all of these events. It's just that she dresses them up and she delivers them with more dramatic flair. Exactly. Number One, I want you and Mister Worf to run high resolution scans of this star system. Look for a ship, a base of operations, anything large enough to generate that power. Mister La Forge, accompany Doctor Clark back to the science station. See if you can trace the origin of these tremors. [Bridge] Either leave my Bridge or I will remove you by force. Mister Worf. (Worf is knocked back by a force field. Ardra gets up and strokes Picard's hand) Transporter room three, lock on to the intruder and transport her to the planet surface. Ensign, put up the shields until further notice. Report, Mister Data. Come. Yes, Mister Data. A wise man once said, there is a sucker born every minute. I've been examining the dynamics of what used to be called the con game. Quite fascinating. Worthy of your study, Data. Yes, I do, Data. And I believe it is our job to out-con the con artist. We can only speculate what occurred on that planet a thousand years ago. Maybe a Ventaxian leader saw the destruction of his society at hand and he conceived this Contract of Ardra to motivate change. Or maybe there was an Ardra of some sort who is the basis of this mythology. Who knows? The point is that somehow a fundamental theology was created which transformed this society, but in the process of change, created this latent fear which has been passed down through generations. Data, from your own experience of performing Ebenezer Scrooge, you're aware how fear can be a very powerful motivator. And in the hands of a con artist, fear can be used to motivate obedience, capitulation, the exploitation of innocent people. And that is what I believe has happened here. I intend to prove that. I need to find a loophole, some way of challenging the validity of this contract. Check it again, Mister Data, and check every Ventaxian legal precedent for the last one thousand years. We'll talk again in the morning. Picard to Bridge. Intruder alert. Picard to Bridge. This is becoming very tiresome. You know, there's nothing about you I find tantalising. On the contrary, I find you obvious and vulgar. Oh, yes. I think not. Neither was I. It's all right, Mister Worf. [Science station] Ardra somehow transported me here. Will you beam me directly to my quarters. Just have Mister Data fetch me in a shuttle. And have him bring along a uniform. [Bridge] Yes, I did. Mister La Forge and Doctor Clark have made no headway. Commander Riker and Lieutenant Worf have picked nothing up anything on their scans. Yes? That's exactly what I needed. Well done, Data. Enterprise. Enterprise, do you read me? Enterprise, come in. [Science station] I don't believe Ardra is capable of transporting the Enterprise a light year away. Keep hailing them, Mister Data. Repeat on all frequencies. Where did it originate? Gentlemen, we need to find that source if we are to defeat this woman. What have you done with my ship? I do not recognise your claim on the Enterprise. Nor on this world, for that matter. In accordance with Ventaxian legal precedent, I call for an arbitration. Oh, but there is. You're a fraud, madame, and I intend to prove that you could not have affected the changes that took place on this planet. An illusion. Magicians have been making things of all sorts disappear for ages. If you are who you say you are, then you have nothing to lose. I am prepared to offer an added incentive. If you win, I'll take you to the ruins of Ligillium. Yes, I do. And what would that be? I agree to your terms. But we must agree to an arbiter. But Mister Data is a member of my crew. Why? Data, where else on this planet can I find someone she cannot intimidate? I understand. You'll make a fine judge. [Athenaeum] Objection. There is no conclusive evidence that this woman ever visited the planet a thousand years ago. That would be acceptable. But, your honour! Objection! Your Honour, nothing in this testament proves that Ardra had the power to affect the lives of the Ventaxians. My opponent has failed to prove her case and I move that her claim be summarily dismissed. Objection. No, I don't. No. Jared, you've described quite thoroughly the history of your people before and after Ardra's first visit. But I am a little unclear about the change itself. Did Ardra simply snap her fingers and transform the planet into this paradise? Did she personally form the government that so peacefully ruled this planet for a millennium? I see. So she advised this council? No? Then she must have destroyed all the weapons on the planet. Well then, let's move on to the environmental gains on Ventax Two. How were those accomplished But Ardra must have purified the polluted water and air? Did she not even pick up one piece of trash? Forgive me, but it sounds as if with a great deal of hard work and courage, your ancestors changed this world all by themselves. No further questions. I believe my associate, Mister La Forge, may be bringing the answer to that question. I request a recess. Mister La Forge, my reputation as a litigator, not to mention my immortal soul, is in serious jeopardy. Have you identified the source of her power? She has a Romulan cloaking device? The Enterprise? Can you make contact? This is what I want to do, but we have less than an hour. (An hour later) Jared, you're a wise and experienced leader, and I assume you trust your senses? And all your senses tell you that this woman here is the most powerful force on this planet, don't they? Then what would you say if I were to tell you that she has no powers whatsoever? Oh, yes. Ardra's magic. Jared, would you believe me if I told you that I could steal her powers and perform the same magical acts as she? No, that's true. I'm not Ardra. but I can create tremors just as she did. (and the ground shakes) Of course. Ardra, will you would do the honours and stop the tremors? Is something the matter? Well, I don't. (he snaps his fingers and they stop) You Recognise the old bag of tricks? What about this one? (Ardra vanishes) Come back, Ardra, if you can. No? Fine, allow me (and she reappears) Impudence? Your Honour, I appreciate your indulgence. Allow me to explain. A team from the Enterprise has taken control of this woman's ship now in orbit around Ventax Two. Thank you for your help, Number One. They have been monitoring me on my communicator, executing a prearranged programme on her ship's computer, a fairly ingenious combination of force-field projection, holography and transporter effects. Ardra controls her magic literally by the blink of an eye. Centuries old technology. An implant which permits the movements of her eye to choose and activate each illusion. Ardra once told us that she is known by many names. Well, at least in that she was being honest. Her crew has admitted that she is known by twenty three aliases in this sector alone. Deceiving innocent people with her petty schemes for years. Ventax Two must have offered her the greatest opportunity of her nefarious career. She learned of the myth of Ardra, studied it and expertly played on your fears that your people were ready to virtually surrender to her. No, Jared. As I've tried to tell you, you saved your own lives a long time ago. Your Honour.
I met him once, many years ago, very briefly at his son's wedding. I can tell you that was quite a moment for a young lieutenant, standing in the presence of such history. I remember he spoke to me and I just stood there grinning like an idiot. Indeed. How do you make small talk with someone who shaped the Federation? Unofficially, that's what I hear. What a crowning achievement for his career. The benefits of relations with the Legarans are incalculable. [Transporter room] (O'Brien beams in two men, a tall Vulcan and a stockier human) Has the ambassador been delayed? Please go ahead. I believe the Ambassador is extremely fond of Mozart. You have my assurance that the Ambassador will not be disturbed during the voyage. Welcome aboard the Enterprise, Ambassador Sarek. Your service honours us. Mrs. Sarek. This is my first officer, Commander William Riker. No Ambassador. Commander La Forge and Ensign Crusher are I assure you, Ambassador, everything will be ready before the conference begins. I hope I'm that frail when I'm two hundred and two years old. But his aides did seem to be a little overprotective, didn't they? Well, we'll respect Mister Mendrossen's request and allow Ambassador Sarek his privacy. I suppose they were foolish and vain, my expectations of this voyage. Sharing his thoughts, memories, his unique understanding of the history he's made. No, the concert will ahead as scheduled. But it's a pity that the guest of honour will be absent. That's an excellent idea, Counsellor. You have the Bridge, Number One. [Guest quarters] I hope I'm not intruding. Actually, I came to see you. I find that hard to believe. Thank you. (They sit) The honour is ours. My word! High praise from a Vulcan. Logical. I came to invite you, and your husband if he is available, to a Mozart recital this evening. Well, then I hope to see you tonight. I noticed that Lieutenant Worf put Ensign D'Amato on report for insubordination. Indeed he has. Would you look into it, Number One. Good evening. I assume the work is progressing on the conference room? Ambassador Sarek, Perrin, on behalf of the entire crew, welcome. Commander Data will be our featured soloist this evening. At your convenience, Mister Data. Please. (The Ambassador's party sit in front of Picard. The lights dim and the string quartet plays. Later, they get to sad, emotional piece. Deanna notices Sakkath watching Sarek intently. A single tear rolls down Sarek's cheek. Perrin gently wipes it away, and the party leave quietly) [Crusher's office] Are you suggesting this is somehow contagious? This is a hell of a time. Whatever it is, I don't want it to affect the Ambassador. I want his quarters isolated from the rest of the crew until we've identified the cause. Sarek? He cried. I saw that. I couldn't believe it. A Vulcan moved to tears by music? It's What would cause such a loss of control? I can imagine nothing that would be more offensive to a Vulcan. Their emotional detachment is the very core of their being. How would this affect others on board the ship? And when the Legarans beam on board? Is there a treatment? Sarek has built a personal relationship with them. They will accept no one else. How can we confirm your diagnosis? I have twelve hours. [Ready room] Nevertheless, we appear to be facing Mister Mendrossen I cannot explain that. Hundreds of others on board have not been affected either. I have not. It appears to be random. Proximity, apparently, has no bearing on the phenomenon. Mister Data, will you please report to my Ready room. It's ironic, isn't it? All this magnificent technology and we find ourselves still susceptible to the ravages of old age. The loss of dignity, the slow betrayal of our bodies by forces we cannot master. Do you still want to be one of us, Data? Logic fails us sometimes, Data. I think this is one of those times. I can only guess that he does not see, or he does not wish to see, the truth. And he is being insulated against that truth by those who love him most. Not a task that I'm looking forward to. What would you have me do? March down there and destroy the man? I know that! Don't you tell me what to do! Of course. You're right, Number One. It's a task that I will attend to. [Guest quarters] He is very ill, Perrin. There's one now. Sakkath knows. He knows. And more than that. On this mission he has been consciously holding Sarek's mind together as well as he could. I must see Sarek. I'm sorry. The loss is mine, Ambassador. Unfortunately the results would not be available for several days, which is why I must ask for a postponement of the conference. Then why must Sakkath help to contain your emotions? I hope I've not embarrassed you, Ambassador. I think you are affected, sir, far more than you realise. There is an epidemic of violent incidents aboard the Enterprise. As we speak, the situation is worsening. Yes. My Chief Medical Officer has explored all other probable causes. That is correct. She is. It is also a fact that these incidents began shortly after your arrival. Is it also coincidence that your wife and chief of staff are carefully isolating you? Surely Sakkath cannot be influenced by emotion? But you needed his help at the concert. Or is there possibly some other logical explanation for what happened that night? I saw you crying. I was there I saw the tears. So you were emotionally affected by the music. You still haven't answered my question, Sarek. Is it logical for a Vulcan to cry? No other logical solutions? But Ambassador, there are always other solutions. You have said so yourself many times. Sarek of Vulcan would never be afraid of looking straight at something he did not want to see. Sarek of Vulcan never confused what he wanted with the truth. Do I hear anger in your voice? No. I will present our regrets to the Legarans personally. It is vital that they understand our reasons for cancelling these negotiations. But at what cost, Number One? (door bell) Come. Perrin? How is the Ambassador? You know that is impossible. He'll never lose that respect. Believe me, it would give me great pleasure, but there is nothing I can do. Yes, I do, Ambassador. But I also realise the potential benefits. Which, for a few hours, should provide the emotional control you need. In that time, you can meet with the Legarans and conclude the treaty. I'm aware of the risks. But it is the only logical solution. I didn't expect that you would, Beverly. I'm afraid not, though I do admit to a certain trepidation. Your company is much appreciated. (doorbell chime) Come. Doctor Crusher will monitor our responses. No! It is wrong. It is wrong! A lifetime of discipline washed away, and in its place bedlam. Bedlam! I am so old. There is nothing left but dry bones and dead friends. Tired, oh so tired. No! This weakness disgusts me! I hate it! Where is my logic? I am betrayed by desires. I want to feel. I want to feel everything. But I am a Vulcan. I must feel nothing. Give me back my control. Perrin. Amanda. I wanted to give you so much more. I wanted to show you such tenderness. But that is not our way. Spock, Amanda, did you know? Perrin, can you know how much I love you? I do love you! (Beverly comes over to wipe his tears) Beverly. It's quite difficult. The anguish of the man, the despair pouring out of him, all those feelings, the regrets. I can't stop them. (He falls, sobbing, into her arms) I can't stop them. I can't. I can't. I hope your journey aboard the Merrimac will be uneventful. He loves you very much. I hope you are wrong, Ambassador. I believe I have the best part of that bargain, Ambassador. Peace and long life.
At ease. It's Captain, actually. You said it was important that I see you. What kind of cargo? You have returned in order to give me this message? In order to know whether Ambassador Spock's message is being delivered accurately, I need to understand something about the messenger. Yet at one time you found something very appealing about it. But not any more? Commander Riker, set course for the Kaleb sector, warp factor eight. Ensign, verify our position. It's one possibility. Mister Worf, bring Ensign DeSeve to my Ready room. Ensign DeSeve, you promised me a freighter with an important cargo. The only thing here is empty space. Do you have an explanation? You said that the message came directly from Ambassador Spock. What does that mean? It would be risky to set a trap here, so close to Federation space. But the fact remains, here we are, there is no freighter. Did your contact tell you anything else that might be helpful? Why didn't you mention this earlier? Well, maybe now would be a good time to start. Follow me, gentlemen. [Warbird cargo bay] (Troi is pacing when N'Vek enters) Could there have had some sort of malfunction? A reactor core breach? Then the Romulans could still be in the vicinity. Whatever that freighter was carrying, they certainly didn't want it to reach us. Are you sure you don't know what it was? All we have here are questions. Mister Data, continue with your scan. [Warbird - Troi's quarters] Analysis. Could this distortion be caused by a cloaked ship? Mister DeSeve, in your opinion is it possible that we're picking up a cloaked Romulan ship? Mister Data, continue your scan. Ensign, link navigational control to Mister Data's console and plot a course for that distortion. [Warbird bridge] Where is it now, Mister Data? Stop engines. Bearing and speed? We don't have the luxury to speculate. Back us away from the distortion, Ensign. One half impulse. On screen. I am Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise. A Corvallen freighter has been destroyed not far from here. We have detected the residual effects of disruptor fire. Can you shed any light on this? Still, there was a considerable loss of life. I agree. Very well. Mister Worf, lock onto Major Rakal. Transport on my command. I don't know, Number One, but she needs our help to get back. Mister Worf, keep your lock on her no matter what happens. Lower shields. [Warbird bridge] Shields up. Stand by phasers. Damage report. Mister Worf, now. [Transporter room] Ensign, get us out of here. Warp nine. The men you helped rescue are safe. Proconsul M'ret is deeply grateful for your help. Thanks to the two of you, the way has been paved for further rescue operations. N'Vek's efforts, and his sacrifice, were not in vain. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Number One. Put your foot where it didn't belong? Can you remove it? Prognosis? And if it interfered with neural activity there? How can I help? And for that, you need a sample. Commander Data, Mister La Forge, prepare to beam down to the planet. Get it to Sickbay right away. (La Forge leaves) Report. To what end? Go on. Vines infect animals in order to kill them? Unfortunately, Mister Data, your hypotheses rarely are. [Pulaski's office] Is there nothing that will cure this infection? Or how to kill it. I know you're doing your best, Doctor. Comfortable? I wish you were faking it. I've seen the thorn. And deadly. I'm sorry. When least expected. And the unknown can be benign or malevolent. It's an important lesson, and I admire your lack of resentment, Number One. Anything? What can I do? Aye aye, Doctor. [Sickbay] (A male nurse is scanning Riker to check the progress of the infection) Number One! What's Lieutenant Yar's condition? Doctor Crusher, report! Let him go. I will not be coerced. I'm beaming you up. [Planet surface] Set auto-destruct sequence. Tasha, go to transporter room three. I want you there when the away team returns. They're out of options. Do it! [Transporter room] Now! (The first attempt fails and the group arrive back on the Batris as explosions head towards them. The ship goes bang.) [Sickbay] Yes, Doctor? I'm on my way. (The apparatus is removed from Riker's head and he wakes properly) I'm delighted that you're feeling better, Captain. The Admiral and I were worried about you.
He was here in this room. I could have rid the Federation of a mortal threat, and I let him go. If the Borg should attack, don't wait for me or anyone else to return to the ship, but take the Enterprise to the transwarp conduit. Return to Federation space. Lore. I'm not particularly impressed. All you've done is teach them to enjoy killing. He gave you the chip. The one Doctor Soong made for you. How did he do it, Data? What made you decide to come here? You're controlling him, and you've corrupted the Borg. I would like to learn about that, but I want Data to tell us. How about that, Data? He won't even let you talk. Data, do you remember when Hugh was on the Enterprise? Do you remember what you were like then? It does to me. I want to know what has happened to Data. Data, you must realise that something has happened to you. The Data I know would never have agreed to be a willing party to Lore's plan. Fine. But what about the things that Lore is proposing? What about the lives that have already been lost? A carrier wave? Is that how he's manipulating Data? Can we reactivate it? And although Lore would still be feeding him negative emotions, at least Data might listen to us. Data, where are you taking him? Data, wait. Let us talk to you. [Planet surface] (Worf and Riker hide from a Borg patrol, then come over a ridge.) See if the corridor is empty. (but Data is bringing Geordi back) What have you done to him? I was able to take part of a transceiver from the guard's interlink system. I think that it uses some kind of phased-pulse technology. Do you think it could be modified to generate a kedion pulse that would reboot Data's programme? All right, I think I've found it. Well, I've done everything that Geordi said. Now to activate it. We'll only tell that when we see his behaviour. No, it's one programme among thousands. I just hope this force field has enough energy to trigger the pulse. (he slides the tiny device forward, and the blue is sucked into it) [Lore's lab] You're killing him. He won't survive another session. Data, it's not too late. If you remove the fibres, then Geordi might yet recover. Why? Because Lore tells you so? Good? Data, isn't good and bad, right and wrong, a function of your ethical programme? What does that programme tell you about what you're doing to Geordi? About what you and Lore are doing to the Borg? It tells you that these things are wrong, doesn't it, Data? So how can actions that are wrong lead to a greater good? No, you're not confused, Data. You're sensing the truth. Your ethical programme is fighting the negative emotions that Lore is sending you. What about Geordi and Troi? Welcome back, Data. What will you do now? I'm not sure that's true. Good luck, Hugh.
Begin a full sensor analysis, Mister Data, and log the findings with the Federation Astrophysical Survey. What was that? Very well, Mister Worf. Fire. Mister Data, what are we looking at? Is it a ship? There are no technologically advanced cultures in that system now. But perhaps eighty seven million years ago, there were. Possibly it accumulated those frozen gasses over time as it travelled through space. But the question remains, why? What is its purpose? Why do you say that, Mister Data? Data, do you believe that you're in communication with that object? Very well. Mister LaForge, give him a hand. Yes, it's possible. But if that is an archive from some ancient civilisation, we should allow it to do so. But we must be careful. Mister Worf, will you keep an eye on the sensors. If the ship is in any danger, I want you to sever the connection immediately. Come. Yes, come in, Number One. Ceremonial, and deceptively primitive. Only an advanced technological society could have built that object out there. These artefacts played a ritualistic role in that society, I think. Oh, yes, it's possible. And if so, this is a find of most enormous significance. That library seems designed to do so much more than simply store information. Who knows what we might learn from this? Yes, this symbol seems to be of particular significance. The concept of the four cardinal compass directions is quite common in many different cultures. Well, perhaps the artefacts that all have this compass symbol belong to the same theme, movement. Finding a direction, travelling a path, crossing a boundary. The ultimate boundary. I've seen this symbol everywhere too, but much less prominently displayed. It's always in the background, smaller than the others. (a straight line with a hemisphere below it showing a semicircle with radiant lines - half a sun? ) I have no idea. [Engineering] What is it you want? Are you Masaka? What have you done to Commander Data? Yes. Picard to Counsellor Troi. Report to main Engineering immediately. Ihat, this place you come from, is it a cultural archive of your species? Are there others like you there? (Data goes to lie on the 'pool table') Who is Masaka? I would like to know Masaka, speak with her. We should confine him to quarters. [Observation lounge] (Pos net micrograph 289.25 on the wall monitor) Geordi, I want you to continue to scan the archive. See if you can find some way to access it. And in the meantime, I'll see what I can learn from these people inside Data. [Data's quarters] I'm not going to hurt you. I need to speak with Ihat. Do you understand? Ihat. Whoever took your place wasn't afraid of Masaka. He seemed eager for his fate. Then Masaka is your queen? Then should we try to keep her asleep? Where is he? What's wrong? Of what? Masaka? Picard to Bridge. [Bridge] Report. Has there been any damage to the ship? [Bridge] I'll be right there. I won't leave you. Please, let go of me. Yes. I'd say that that is Masaka. Ihat referred to her as a queen, and it's not unusual in ceremonial cultures to find royalty symbolised by a sun. According to Data, the sun image is also a symbol for death. (on the reverse of the obelisk) There it is again. The same U-shaped symbol, small and insignificant. Almost as if it's an afterthought. Into living plants? How is that possible? I don't think we have a choice. We must destroy that archive. Mister Worf? Make it so. (Worf and La Forge leave) There's so much here we could have learned. I really regret losing that opportunity. [Engineering] (a torpedo lies on the floor) So, what's our status? So it's using our ship, our alloys, our DNA, to create elements of its own culture. Well, whatever the intent that lies behind its process, I'm not going to permit this ship to be turned into an alien city. Mister La Forge, do you have any ideas? That's a good idea, but I feel that the answer lies there, with Masaka. We must find her, access her. Talk to her. [Data's quarters] (a dirt floor and a raised hearth in the middle) Hello. Tell me about Masaka. Tell me, how can I talk to her? Korgano? Who is that? (the fire flares) Ihat. Masaka is taking over my ship. I want to talk with her but I understand that Korgano is the only one who can do that. An old man. Masaka's father. How can I find Korgano? Where has he gone? Ihat, if she's looking for a sacrifice, she can take me. Perhaps then she'll stop looking for you. Very well. What do we do. Very well. How do I do that? Give me the sign. Ihat, the sign, give it to me. Yes. Masaka, show yourself. I will go with you. I need your help. I need the sign for the temple. For Masaka's temple. A line as the unending horizon. A curve as? A line as the unending horizon. A curve Thank you. Are all the others dead? Did Masaka kill them? Any progress, Mister La Forge? Will it accept the symbol for Masaka's temple? Ihat risked his life to show me that symbol, and Masaka killed him for doing it. I think we have to risk it. [Corridor] Commander Riker, we're ready. This would seem that this is Masaka's temple. Ihat said that if we created the temple, then it would get her attention. It may be some time before she shows herself. (Troi goes up the steps to the throne) I don't know. This is the first time I've seen these two symbols paired. That could be significant. Look, there it is again, and again. And there again. This is obviously an important pairing. He isn't chasing her anymore. Ihat said that someone named Korgano isn't chasing Masaka anymore. And the old man said, he pursues her no longer. In a sense, this small symbol might be seen to be chasing Masaka. That smaller symbol could represent Korgano. Both Ihat and the old man said that Korgano was the only one who could control Masaka. Many ritualistic cultures incorporate the idea of balance into their belief systems. Now, Masaka is a queen. A powerful, god-like figure. It's not unrealistic to believe that she might have a counterpart, a consort. Look around. See if you can find that horn-like symbol anywhere else. [Data's quarters]] (Data wakes and puts on his version of Masaka's mask) [Corridor] (Data knocks out the guards) [Temple] Maybe it's simpler than that. Maybe their relationship is more like the sun and the moon. Exactly. Like two powerful rulers changing places in a continuous cycle. If we can find Korgano in the archive and bring him out, then perhaps he could force Masaka to leave. Ihat and the others didn't seem to be frightened of Korgano. (the room shake) Masaka. (Data sits on the throne) Masaka, I am Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Please, hear us. Your archive is destroying Then we will have to find someone too whom she will listen. [Bridge] All right, Mister La Forge, I want you to access the transformation programme. And when you're ready, input the symbol. In one sense, Korgano is Masaka's nemesis. Whatever this symbol represents, it could be for us a means to control her. Now, if anyone has a better idea, I'd be happy to entertain it. Initiate the transformation. (a mask appears) You know, we could be going about this all the wrong way. This is a very ritualistic culture based on symbol and myth. Perhaps we should try to confront them on those terms. If I could somehow incorporate myself in their ritual, then perhaps Masaka would listen to me. I'm really not certain, but there are similarities between this culture and others that I've studied. I would imagine I'm just going to improvise. Mister Worf, what's our status? Masaka. (Picard takes his place to the left of the main throne) Are you surprised to see me? You should know that is impossible. Do you want to be the prey forever? But without me you are not complete. I know you so well. You live for the chase, as do I. Will you not miss being the hunter, pursuing me, forcing me from the sky so that you can rise again? I think that you are beginning to tire. It is difficult, brightening the sky forever. So that you can wake with the dawn and begin the hunt again. As am I. (and Picard mask glows and vanishes, then temple reverts to) [Corridor] Acknowledged, Number One. Mister Data, are you all right? I'm afraid that will take some time to explain. Captain's log, stardate 47618.4. Commander La Forge has managed to disable the alien transformation programme. Starfleet has dispatched an archaeological team to study the archive further. [Ready room] (Picard is holding Masaka's mask) But I don't understand. I thought all the alien artefacts had disappeared from the Enterprise. A memento. I can imagine. Doctor Crusher told me that there were possibly dozens of personalities inside you. Well, Data, you never may become fully human, but you've had an experience that transcends the human condition. You have been an entire civilisation. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Go ahead, Commander. Very good, Geordi. Let me know if you What's going on? Commander. (The lights dim) Transfer helm to Engineering, Geordi. Reassemble in Engineering. (Data is the only one left on the Bridge) Bring the Enterprise to a full stop, Commander. Computer, locate Lieutenant Commander Data. Number One, take a security team up to deck two. Try and break through from below. Commander? Picard to main bridge. [Bridge] Commander Data, do you hear me? I repeat. Data, do you hear (Data cuts off the comm.) Mister La Forge, prepare for saucer separation. I am aware of the risks, Ensign. When the umbilical splits, we should regain primary control, do you agree? The saucer module should fall out of warp in two minutes. Be prepared to sweep back. Pull it in with a tractor beam. Initiate auto sequence. [Bridge] Computer, recognise Jean-Luc Picard, Alpha Two priority, and re-establish separation procedure immediately. And just what location are they accepted from? It seems Commander Data has it them as well. [Jefferies tube] (Riker is up the ladder, Worf at the bottom) Chief O'Brien. We had better disable the site to site transport function. [Transporter room] When we get wherever we're going, I don't want Mister Data beaming off the Bridge. Doctor Crusher. Is your quarantine intact? The boy? [Sickbay] (The child is in effectively what is a glass box the size of a large bed, with it's own ventilation system) It seems, Doctor [Engineering] That Data has other plans for the Enterprise right now. [Sickbay] (Beverly is tending to her 'boy in a bubble') Have you tried tracing back navigation inputs? Go ahead, Chief. What now? [Transporter room] Mister Worf, I want security teams along the main passageways and in every transporter room. And see if the computer would be good enough to give you the precise stun setting to disable Mister Data. Computer, estimate the time from this location to Starbase four one six at warp nine. You have access to it? Determine the absolute minimum field energy Doctor Crusher needs and use the rest to get me onto my Bridge. [Sickbay] We're on our way, Lieutenant. Let's hope. [Bridge] Computer, this is Captain Picard. Return all command functions to the stations. Security code? That's a human that has the answers to a lot of questions. What is it? The code, Mister La Forge? I want something that will really help. Try, Mister La Forge. They're sure this is going to work? They can insert them into the recall loop? Bring him home, Number One. Energise. (Riker, La Forge and Worf beam down) [Soong's lab] (Soong puts the emotion chip into Data's neck, or so he thinks, as the person is wearing a Starfleet uniform. But the voice gives it away to us immediately) The transfer went well? Splendid. [Sickbay] (The boys are running around, Jake on the outside of the quarantine area, Willie on the inside. He has a pair of plastic dinosaurs) Mister Data, I see you gifts have been well received.
I just got a message from Starfleet command. You could say that. I've been invited to the annual Starfleet Admiral's banquet. I've managed to avoid it for the past six years, but now it would seem my luck has run out. I can't think of anything more tedious. Fifty Admirals shaking hands, making dull conversation, uninteresting food, boring speeches. After six years, Number One, I don't think I have any excuses left. [Engineering] Bridge to Commander La Forge. What's our status? Acknowledged. Ensign Gates, set course for Starbase two nineteen, warp six. Engage. (the lady Ensign does so, but the stars don't change) Engage. Bridge to Engineering. Mister La Forge, why isn't my ship [Engineering] Moving? Very well. Ensign Gates? (all the lights go out) Mister La Forge? [Engineering] On screen. Admiral. Actually, we have been experiencing a few minor difficulties with our new warp core, but my Chief Engineer assures me that we will be under way within the hour. No, no, certainly not. I'm really looking forward to it. Go ahead, Geordi. [Engineering] Ensign Gates, set a course and engage. (this time they start to go, and then stop) [Engineering] Engineering, report. Mister Worf, open a channel to Starbase two nineteen. Advise Admiral Nakamura I'll be a little later than I thought. Admiral, I can explain. Unfortunately, the problem has affected our impulse systems. At the moment, we are adrift. That will not be necessary. I have full confidence in my Engineering staff. I will be at the banquet on time. Picard out. [Engineering] Have you tried reconfiguring the plasma conduits? What about the relays? Are you absolutely certain you don't need a new phase invertor? I see. Oh, perhaps I could reconfigure these isolinear chips. Oh, no, not at all. I'd be delighted. (Picard leaves with Tyler) And what you saw was some sort of a mouth on Troi's shoulder? A straw? Mister La Forge? Make it so. In the meantime, Mister Data, I'll have to relieve you of duty and confine you to your quarters. What is it? All right. Is there any way that we can affect these organisms? What about Mister Data? There must be some connection between his odd behaviour and these creatures. Is he infested as well? Data attacked Counsellor Troi because he saw a mouth on her shoulder. And in that same area that we first saw one of the organisms. Then perhaps it is time that we took a closer look at Mister Data's dreams. [Data's quarters] Perhaps we can learn more about these creatures by interpreting the symbols and images of your dreams. Exactly. How soon can you have the link ready? Make it so. In the meantime, Mister Data, I suggest that you should prepare for bed. [Holodeck] (Data is wired up) Ready, Mister Data? Normally, I would wish you pleasant dreams, but in this case, bad dreams would be more helpful. Let's be very observant. Even the most insignificant image could be a very important symbol. Here he comes. Can we speak to Data directly or would that wake him up? You know, that sounds like a telephone ringer, but I don't see a receiver. [Ten Forward] (Crusher drinking Riker's brain, the Troi cake, all as before) Oh. Er, thank you. Look at that. Her right shoulder. That is the same place that Data stabbed her. They're both symbols of consumption. Mouth, food. Mister Data, what kind of cake is this? What could the ringing symbolise? A bell? Sound? An old-fashioned way of communicating? Picard. Kill who? Who is this? [Holodeck - Freud's office] You mean the interphasic organisms. Tell me, Doctor, how do we kill them? (telephone) What do they represent? Respond? Respond to them? What does that mean? Who are you? Data, the shrieking noise you made. It causes them pain. (Data repeats the sound) Data, what's going on? What about the shrieking noises that you made? When you made those noises, the workmen reacted in pain. Picard to Sickbay. Beverly, we're going to be sweeping the ship with a high frequency IP pulse. Will you monitor the creatures for any response? How long before we have warp power again? Six hour? The banquet will be completely over by then. That's very unfortunate. No, no, no. I wouldn't want to sacrifice the safety of the ship.
Do you have any idea what killed her? There hasn't been a Klingon raid against the Federation for more than seven years. We can't risk a diplomatic incident until we have more evidence. Get Rocha's personnel file from Starfleet Command, and ask Starbase two twelve to help us find that shuttle. Keep me apprised, Doctor. [Aquiel's quarters] (the monitor screen is still stubbornly displaying static) Perhaps this Morag was the one who was interested in obtaining the encrypted messages. Very well. In the meantime, I'll speak with the Klingon Governor about Commander Morag. [Bridge] I'm merely saying that I'm following up on evidence that my officers discovered on board. Governor Torak, I apologise. I can see that you honestly didn't know what happened aboard the station. I will just have to take this matter up with Gowron. I'm really sorry that we bothered you. Well, ordinarily he wouldn't, but of course I was his Arbiter of Succession. I'm sure that he will be happy to come here and investigate this matter. You needn't worry about it any longer. Oh, yes. So once again, thank you for your help. Oh, I will be sure to mention your name to Gowron when I speak to him. That's very kind. Qapla'! Enterprise to Commander Riker. The Klingon ship Qu'Vat has arrived with Governor Torak. Please report to the Observation lounge. Governor. Welcome aboard. Lieutenant, why didn't you contact Starfleet? Let them know what happened on board the station? Governor, we are merely exploring all the possibilities. Lieutenant Uhnari's logs reported that Commander Morag had been harassing the station. If he was only doing his job, then I'm sure you won't mind if we spoke with him. What did you found out about Uhnari? Why? You think that she lied? As of now, we don't have sufficient evidence one way or the other. I want you to examine her shuttle. You might find something there which will shed some light on her story. Did you kill Lieutenant Rocha? Governor, we would like Commander Morag to remain on board the Enterprise until this investigation is complete. Doctor, you said that this was formed from the organic matter found in the deck plates. Doctor, what exactly is this? No. Doctor, if what you're saying is true, then Rocha attacked Lieutenant Uhnari to find a new body. Computer, locate Commander Morag and Lieutenant Uhnari.
Helm, change course for the Argaya system, maximum warp. I've just received new orders from Starfleet. We'll discuss it in the Observation lounge. Mister Data, Mister Worf. Anything? How close to the Cardassian border are we? How far inside Cardassian space is it? How the hell are we going to get it out of there? Can we get within transporter range without crossing into Cardassian territory? Mister La Forge? [Engineering] Doctor Crusher, are you ready? Ensign. Ensign, you're with me. [Turbolift] Bridge. You are a certified pilot, Ensign? How long have you served on board the Enterprise, Ensign? I see I understand that you've been recommended for the Ops position. Do you think you're up to it? I'm not so sure. I'm concerned about your record. The incident that you were involved in at the Academy. It doesn't matter how long ago it was, Ensign. Would you do something like that again? A dare devil stunt? I would certainly hope not. What concerns me is that you participated in a cover-up that impeded an official investigation into the death of a cadet. Yes you should, but you didn't. Instead you joined with the others to pretended that was simply an accident. Now, what do you think that tells me about your character? Well I'm really very sorry you didn't enjoy your time at the Academy, Ensign. As far as I'm concerned, you should have been expelled for what you did. Quite frankly, I don't know how you made it on board this ship. You're dismissed. [Shuttlebay] (Taurik is firing a laser rifle at shuttlecraft Curie from the gantry) If you're looking for a more lenient commander, I don't think you'll find one. Please do. Very well, Ensign. I will. It took courage to come here and face me after what I said to you the other day. I didn't ask you here because I was assessing your qualifications for the Ops position. I was harsh with you because I wanted to assess you for a very important mission. A mission that could put you in a situation that would be far more unnerving than a dressing-down by your commanding officer. Join the senior officers in the Observation lounge at oh nine hundred hours. We'll discuss it then. And, Ensign. I do know why you ended up on the Enterprise. I asked for you. I wanted to make sure that you got a fair chance to redeem yourself. Please, take a seat, Ensign. (then she sees the Cardassian) This is Joret Dal. He was in the escape pod that we retrieved. He is a member of the Cardassian military, and a Federation operative. He has risked his life to bring us invaluable information about Cardassian strategic intentions. Information that could very well enhance the security of Bajor, as well as other planets in this sector. Now, it is absolutely imperative that we return him safely back to Cardassian space. Once the shuttle is safely past the patrol, Joret will put you into an escape pod and return you back across the border. We'll be waiting here to pick you up. Ensign, this is obviously a very dangerous mission. I'm not ordering you to take part in it. Very well, Ensign. Will you report to Sickbay. Doctor Crusher will explain. And Ensign Sito, I must ask you not to discuss this mission with anyone. Mister Worf, prepare a probe and launch when ready. To all Starfleet personnel, this is the Captain. It is my sad duty to inform you that a member of the crew, Ensign Sito Jaxa [Engineering] Has been lost [Sickbay] In the line of duty. She was the finest example of a Starfleet [Bridge] Officer, and a young woman of remarkable courage [Ready room] And strength of character. Her loss will be deeply felt by all who knew her. Picard out. [Ten Forward] (the atmosphere is well, sad)
You're sure you won't reconsider? An optimistic vote of confidence from a non-rider. Small animals, no, but horses. Computer, programme the holodeck for a woodland setting, with a bridle path and an appropriate mount. Horse. Earth horse. Arabian. The Arabs believed that Allah gathered the south wind and made the horse. I like that. Oh yes, computer, English tack, and I will control the animal myself. It goes deeper than that. A fine war mare would sleep in a bedouin's tent, carry him into battle, feed his children with her milk. There's a bond which is created by mutual need. Hello, beautiful. Thank you. I don't want to anthropomorphise anything. I seems that some creatures have the capacity to fill spaces you never knew were empty. Sure you don't want to try? It's very relaxing. We can find you something that will be quiet and gentle. Strange. I would expect Betazoids to be outstanding animal trainers. I should think the shifting passions of this beast would be far more terrifying. (He's referring to himself. Just as he puts his foot in the stirrup to mount - ) Yes, Number One? [Bridge] Something interesting? I'm on my way. [Bridge] Quite impressive. (The planet is glowing red and black, like a huge ball of lava) This is Commander Riker's meeting. All of this is true, but there is an old horse trainer's adage about putting too much weight on a young back. We don't want him to break under pressure. Tempering is taken to extremes. Who will one day be a man and, to extend the metaphor, will need a fine edge that won't dull at the first touch of resistance. Ensign, this is a serious responsibility. These officers are here to assist you. Not judge, help you. You should make use of them. They are a valuable resource. And by the way, I respect an officer who is prepared to admit ignorance and ask a question, rather than one who out of pride will blunder blindly forward. Data? It's quite all right. It must be important, or you wouldn't be here. There is a loneliness inherent in that whisper from the darkness. But it didn't end there. Her society is aware that there is interstellar life? Oops. Just where does she think you're calling from? Go on. Then your friend is in trouble. What are you proposing? Violate the Prime Directive? We don't even know if this catastrophe is preventable. Call a conference in my quarters. All senior staff. And Data, all communication with this life form must cease. It is no longer a matter of how wrong Data was, or why he did it. The dilemma exists. We have to discuss the options. And please talk freely. Doctor, I'm sure that is not what the Lieutenant meant, but in a situation like this, we have to be cautious. What we do today may profoundly affect upon the future. If we could see every possible outcome So we make an exception in the deaths of millions. And is it the same situation if it's an epidemic, and not a geological calamity? How about a war? If generations of conflict is killing millions, do we interfere? Ah, well, now we're all a little less secure in our moral certitude. And what if it's not just killings. If an oppressive government is enslaving millions? You see, the Prime Directive has many different functions, not the least of which is to protect us. To prevent us from allowing our emotions to overwhelm our judgement. Sophistry. Data, I want you to sever the contact with Drema Four. (Data goes to a wall panel and taps in commands) Wait. Oh, Data. Your whisper from the dark has now become a plea. We cannot turn our backs. Captain's log, stardate 42741.3. We are entering into orbit of Drema Four, the planet from which Data received the distress signal. Sensors indicate that the volcanic activity is increasing. [Observation lounge] Excellent. In plain English, you're saying the dilithium is causing the geological catastrophe. So that takes care of the why. Now, what can you do? Can you reverse the process? No. No theories, no half answers. Yes or no? We're just keep getting deeper and deeper in, aren't we? Unless. All right, you can tell Commander Data he has my permission to contact his friend and conduct her to a safer location. Number One, you know where we are now? How will these resonators destroy the crystals? Tea, Earl Grey, hot. What? Data, I appreciate your concern. Transporting to the surface is only going to make a bad situation worse. Yes. In for a penny, in for a pound, is that what you're saying, Mister Data? Oh, hell. Go. Number One, handle the transporter. Go. Commander Riker to the Bridge. Where is he? He has brought a child onto my ship and on my Bridge. Mister Data, kindly assume your station. Counsellor, will you escort her to Sickbay. Mister Data, take your station and keep her with you. This does concern her. Ensign, when should the results be known? Data, escort her to Sickbay. Number One, you have the Bridge. [Ready room] Doctor. Data and the alien are on their way down. What would be involved in removing all memory of her communication with Data [Pulaski's office] And her visit to this ship? Well, do your best. [Corridor] Come. (Data enters) No apologies are necessary. You reminded us that there are obligations that go beyond duty. One of my officers, one of my friends, was troubled. I had to help. Is Sarjenka safely home? Remembrance and regrets, they too are a part of friendship. And understanding that has brought you a step closer to understanding humanity. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Well, I'm greatly impressed with everything I've seen so far, Prime Minister. (The PM is played by James Cromwell, the man who would become Zephram Cochrane) An unfortunate reality. Well, I think they'll make a fine addition to the Federation, Number One. Eluded the Enterprise? [Bridge] On screen. I appreciate your warning, Prime Minister. We will keep you informed of our progress. (transmission ends) A cloaking device? We'll have an answer shortly. Lock on tractor beam, Mister La Forge. On main viewer. Mister Crusher, fix coordinates onto that vessel. We'll just beam the whole thing to a shuttlebay if we have to. What? Magnify. Transporter room four, prepare to beam aboard from inside that shuttle anything large enough to be a humanoid adult. We will await your signal. Well, he's in our highest security detention area. There shouldn't be any more problems. Could he be some kind of android? Counsellor. Counsellor, it took five men to restrain him and he took apart half of the Transporter Room in the process. In a few hours, I'll be turning him over to the Angosians, and I'll be happy to do it. Why was he assigned to the Lunar Five facility? Lunar Five, an orbiting gulag. [Brig] Well, perhaps you would clarify it for me. Was it a resettlement of their choosing? Prime Minister, even the most comfortable prison is a prison. My medical team suggests there may be alternative treatment. Matter of internal security. The age-old cry of the oppressor. [Brig] Mister Danar, I'm transferring you to Angosian security. They're en route. They will arrive shortly. I wanted to tell you I have no choice. The Prime Minister insisted and we have no right to refuse. I respect my officers' judgements. I wish I could help further. If a way appears to me, I will. I thought you deserved that much. Inform them the transfer will take place shortly. Picard out. Mister Data, to the Bridge please. (Picard leaves) Stand by for transport. Picard out. Mister Worf, have all security precautions been taken? Proceed. [Transporter room] Sound general quarters. Clear corridors of all non-essential personnel. I don't want him taking any hostages. Raise security containment fields immediately on decks thirty four, thirty five, and thirty six. Data, override its destination. Divert that turbolift to a position near Lieutenant Worf's present location. He's headed for Engineering. Data, I want you to stall Danar. Allow him to think he's succeeding. Make it so. Very good, Mister Data. Now we know where he's headed. (Danar strides down a Jefferies tube taller than a man) [Engineering] Security team to Jefferies tube J four, deck fifteen. Explain. And you believe he's using the same tactic now. He's doubled back on us. Advise all personnel on deck thirty eight to stay out of the cargo bays. (Danar tries to activate a cargo transporter, then opens up the back of the mechanism) Status, Mister Data? Good. I want you to flood them with anestazine. Return environmental conditions to normal, Mister Data. Move in your security teams, Mister Worf. Pressure suit? Mister Worf, post security guards at all emergency airlocks on decks [Cargo bay] Thirty seven through thirty nine. Go ahead. Data, can you verify that? Then we have no way to track him. Mister Worf, sweep the area. On screen. Yes, Prime Minister? Attacked it ? I'll send an away team, Prime Minister. Picard out. Counsellor Troi, Commander Data, Mister Worf, you will accompany me to the planet. [Corridor] And my understanding is these men are programmed to survive. Is that correct? And that they will not kill unless their survival is at stake? Then let us hope they do not believe their survival is at stake. We're not here to fight your wars for you. You are dangerous. They're only victims. You made them what they are. You asked them to defend your way of life and then you discarded them. They're your brothers, your sons, and you turned your backs on them. Have you understood one word that we've said? (The rogue soldiers arrive) No, Worf! All of you. Don't respond. Don't provoke them further. Keep those weapons down unless you wish to be killed. Yes, and you are not programmed to murder cowards. So if they will not fight back, what will you do? Quite right, Prime Minister. Enterprise, prepare to beam the away team back. I have all the information I need for our report. Your prisoner has been returned to you and you have a decision to make. Whether to try to force them back or welcome them home. In your own words, this is not our affair. We cannot interfere in the natural course of your society's development, and I'd say it's likely to develop significantly in the next several minutes. It's been an interesting visit. When you're ready for membership, the Federation will be pleased to reconsider your application. Mister Riker, four to beam up. Number One, will you note in our report that if the government of Angosia survives the night, we will offer them Federation assistance in their efforts to reprogram their veterans. I have a feeling they will choose to. Mister Crusher, set coordinates for Starbase Lya Three. Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
What's causing it? But I thought that tetryons were unstable in normal space. Does it pose a danger to the ship? Well, keep that option ready. In the meantime, proceed with the analysis. Tetryons? Like the emissions in the cargo bay. (Data enters) Computer, are there any members of the crew of the Enterprise missing? Identify them. When did they leave? How did they leave? Picard to Bridge. Raise shields. And I want a level four security alert. I need to know if anyone comes on or off this ship. Mister La Forge, Mister Data. I believe that if we find the source of those tetryon emissions, we'll find the missing crewmembers. Initiate a metallurgical analysis of the ship's hull. Subspace field incursions may have left a trace. Can we still beam the affected sections out into space? Has your analysis suggested any way in which we might seal this rupture? If someone homed onto the subspace signals created by our modified signal array, could we do the same to them? Track the tetryon emissions to their universe? Well, we could wait as long as possible for you to be returned, Number One, but when the spatial ruptures begin to threaten the ship, then we would have to transmit that graviton pulse. Perhaps there's a way that we could give you an advantage. A way of keeping you conscious after they have taken you. Doctor, can you develop some counter-agent to the neuro-sedative that they have been giving the crew? Make it so. Mister La Forge, begin work on that homing device. [Sickbay] Mister La Forge, report. Mister Data, your status? Can you divert more power to the containment field? Make it so. Stand by to initiate the graviton pulse. Mister Data, how much time? [Cargo bay] We can't afford to wait any longer. Begin the graviton pulse. Can you strengthen the graviton pulse? What can we do to prevent this from happening again? Have we any idea what came through the rupture before we were able to shut it down?
And it's been determined that they date back to the late nineteenth century? What makes you think that extraterrestrials are related to these discoveries. Triolic waves? I'm curious, Doctor. There are far greater experts on Earth to investigate your mystery. Why bring the Enterprise all the way home? Data, is this yours? Could it be Lore? Type R? Can you predict how long this has been in the cavern? A cellular fossil? Number One, lay in a course. Picard to Bridge officers. We're approaching the Devidia system. Report to your stations. Any sign of life? Put us in a standard orbit above those coordinates. Would these triolic waves be dangerous to humanoids? Take an away team. Mister Data, I'll need your help to monitor the sensor readings during this investigation. (the away team enter the turbolift) Yes, yes, Mister Data, I am aware of that. I think it is reasonable to take precautions. Then I'll be irrational. I hope that's true, Mister Data. Nevertheless, this investigation began with your death. I am simply trying to see that it doesn't end that way. Cheat fate? Perhaps we can't, Mister Data. But at least we can give it a try. [Devidia cavern] (a strong light source casts the away teams shadows on a sheer rock wall) Go ahead. (hesitation) Proceed, Mister Data. [Devidia cavern] Commander Riker, report. We cannot make Mister Data our priority. We must assume that there is a threat, if not to us then to 19th century Earth. We have to determine what that threat may be. Mister La Forge, we have to find some way to communicate with these life forms. Can you build one? I don't want anyone else going in alone. Make it so. Perhaps in the course of this investigation, we will. I hope so. I'm afraid to interrupt. And miss all this? I haven't seen such a complex operation since the Academy lab final in exochemistry. What is it you wanted to see me about? Well, now, this is rather unusual for you to be curious about an away mission. If you have something to say, I'm listening. It's general policy. Why? Of course. How soon will you be ready? I have reason to believe that my presence on this mission is imperative. Yes. Mister Worf, you will report back to the Bridge. The security of the Enterprise is of paramount importance, Mister Worf. Proceed, Mister La Forge. If we can see them, why they can't see us? A life form.
Magnify. Mister Data? Increase power to (Picard twitches, staggers, and is caught by Riker who lowers him to the floor) What is this place? Computer, freeze programme. Computer, end programme. Picard to Enterprise. I asked you, what is this place? Am I a prisoner here? Are you in charge here? I want to be returned to my ship immediately. Please, just tell me, what is this place? Where am I? That must be it. Perhaps you can help me. My name is Kamin? And you are? Ah. Batai. And you say I've been ill? Eline? And what is this place? No, please, I'm sure it will all come back to me. What planet? No, really, I'm quite all right. Just answer me. What planet? Kataan. Not a Federation planet. I think I'll just take a walk. The exercise will do me good. I'll try to re-acquaint myself with the surroundings. (he goes up into the hills and looks down on the white-walled community perched on an outcrop above a very small river) [Living room] (its late when the doorbell chimes) Hungry, thirsty, exhausted. I suppose that proves this is not a dream, doesn't it? This is not my life. I know that much. I walked. For hours. It's delicious. Would you try to answer some questions for me, no matter how strange they may seem to you? Are there other planets in this star system? Do you visit other systems? All right. Do you have a communication system here? How do you send messages to other communities, to other places? Yes. When can that be arranged? Of course. Anything you can tell me will be helpful. We're, er, um, married? And what do I do here in Ressik? The flute? And when did I learn to play it? I see what you mean. Well, thank you for the soup. Thank you for your help. Tomorrow, will you help me send a message? Oh, I'll sleep here. I've been sick. I'll be tossing and turning. It wouldn't be fair to you. I'm just charting progress of the course of the sun. It might give a clue to the cause of this drought. The memory is five years old now, but it's still inside me. Eline. It was real. It was as real as this is. And you can't expect me to forget a lifetime spent there. I know. I know. It has been hard on you. Good morning, Batai. Yes. Will you come along? It's not her fault. These past few years have been very difficult for her. If the weather pattern doesn't change, rationing will not be enough. We'll run out of water. No. I haven't spoken to you before. I suggest that we build atmospheric condensers which could extract water from the air. Each community would be responsible for its own. Condensers could make the difference between watering our crops or watching them die. But there'll be no atmospheric condensers. Come and have supper tonight, my friend. I'll make some vegetable stew. Let's talk about building our own condenser. I'm not brooding. I'm immersed in my music. I find that it helps me think, but the real surprise is I enjoy it so much. Goodnight, my friend. Yes, ma'am. No, I'm the one who's sorry. Everything you said this morning was absolutely correct. I feel that I have given you so little and you have given me so much. No, not such a wonderful husband. I spend my spare time charting the stars. I disappear for days at a time exploring the countryside. My life is very much as it was. Old habits. I'd like to ask your permission to build something. In this case, I think I do. A nursery. Unless, of course, if you would prefer a porch. It would certainly be easier to build. I could make a start on it right away. We name this child for a dear friend who died a year ago. But now his memory will live on in his namesake. And he's starting out in the warmth of friends. Thank you. Please, help yourselves to something to eat. Thank you. I remember. I was so nervous I was afraid that I would drop her. Now look at the little lady. I would have believed I didn't need children to complete my life. Now I couldn't imagine life without them. Meribor? Hey, that's my hobby. Find your own. And what has the scientist been up to today? I haven't reached any conclusion. A good scientist doesn't function by conjecture. Hey, why don't you spend more time with that young fellow Dannick? No, I'm not. I'm just hypothesising that he's in love with you. Perhaps I should have filled your head with trivial concerns. Games and toys and clothes. No, I don't. It just saddens me to see you burdened with the knowledge things you can't change. Seize the time, Meribor. Live now. Make now always the most precious time. Now will never come again. Yes, thank you, dear. Fine. Then maybe you'll sit down and have a rest like you're supposed to. He loves doing a lot of things too many. Last week, all he wanted to do was be a botanist. The week before that, a sculptor. I wish he could find some focus in his life. Batai? I get the feeling from your mother that you have something to tell me. Leaving school? No, you're not. Last year, all you cared about was mathematics. The year before that, botany. Now Well, we'll discuss it. If music is what he wants, why should I stand in his way? Anyway, who knows how much time he'll have to follow any dream. There's a possibility he'll dismiss me from the Council. No. The evidence is too pronounced. I can't stay silent. The facts are here. At least show them to someone who will recognise what they mean. If you won't take them, I most certainly will. But surely the technology must exist to save something of this world? Perhaps some people could be evacuated. A collection of genetic samples, then. Something, anything. You simply cannot let this civilisation die. What is it? Doctor? You always did have a flair for the dramatic. I didn't have to. They already knew. No. I promise. (Eline dies) [Living room] (a very old man and a young boy are crawling on the floor) Gotcha! Now I gotcha. You shouldn't be outside so long. It's damaging, you know that. How about you, young man? Do you wear your skin protector outdoors? You do? Good boy. What launching? What's he talking about? I'm not going anywhere to watch anything. It breaks my heart to look at him. My grandson. It breaks my heart. He deserves a rich, full life, and he's not going to get one. Why didn't I hear anything about a launching? [Town square] (everyone is in broad rimmed sunhats and loose clothing) Did everyone know about this except me? I'll be all right sitting here. You go off with the others. Hold onto my grandson, and watch the damned thing go up for all the good it'll do. What is it they're launching? Seen it? What are you talking about? I haven't seen any missile. Batai? (Batai as the healthy middle-aged man we first met) Oh, it's me, isn't it? I'm the someone. I'm the one it finds. That's what this launching is. A probe that finds me in the future. Eline. Eline. (a rocket soars into the cloudless blue sky) What? Captain? This is the Enterprise. I'm Jean-Luc Picard. How long? Twenty five minutes? Doctor Crusher. (he pauses at the turbolift to take a happy look around) [Picard's quarters] (Picard is re-discovering his possessions when the doorbell rings. He has to think what that sound is) Come. Yes. Yes, thank you. But I find I'm having to rediscover that this is really my home.
On screen. (vaguely triangular with green lights) Analysis, Mister Worf. Hail the vessel. No, let's begin this with a show of good faith. Shields up. [Ten Forward] (at the bar) Take evasive action. What happened? Nor do I. I don't even remember who I am. (after the titles) But you still know how to work it. Clearly, we still possess certain skills. It would seem we know how to operate this ship. But our identities have somehow been erased or suppressed. It seems to me that determining leadership is not crucial right now. We need to find out who we are and well, what we're doing out here. But if that presumption is correct, then we could have sustained other damage. Um, Computer, status report. Can we get a general status report? Do we have an onboard communications system? Lets use it. This ship must have a crew. They may still have their memories. So far our survey team has found no deaths or injuries among the crew. Shuttlecraft are all operational, as are the transporters. Well, I would recommend that before we prepare for combat, we try to access the ship's logs, find out who we are, what our purpose here might be. The question is, for what? [Bridge] (a phaser shot lances out into space) (helm) We should run a complete diagnostic of all command systems. If we're going to trust our lives to these systems, we should be certain they're not going to fail. Is it possible to bypass the normal pathways? To get at those memories some other way? The medical records are our next priority. Commander MacDuff, have the other officers listed here report to the Bridge. Your next priority will be to retrieve any information you can about this ship's mission. Contact the Operations Officer to assist you. Mister Worf, we're all doing the best we can in a difficult situation. Think nothing more of it. What do we know about this weapon? Mister La Forge, do we have any record of our current mission? What are you saying? Commander MacDuff, set a course for the Lysian Central Command. [Corridor] (using a PADD as a map) Take us out of warp, Ensign. Go to three quarters impulse. Mister Worf, maintain a continuous sensor sweep. Can you identify it, Mister Data? On screen. (it's just like the first ship they encountered) Evasive manoeuvre sequence delta. Stand by. I'm aware of that, Commander. Tactical analysis, Mister Data. Open a channel. Return fire. (KaBOOM) Maintain this course, Ensign. Three quarters impulse. Agreed. Doctor, the success of this mission would be far more likely if we could get our memories back. Is there anything you can do? When can you start? Mister La Forge? Proceed. [Engineering] Doctor, is it absolutely necessary to see the medical files to attempt treatment? Come. Yes, Commander. Please, come in. Sit down. I find myself having grave concerns about our mission. No, no, no. More fundamental doubts. Whether or not it can be justified. Orders which we can't even verify. But I also can't ignore that we have greatly outclassed the only enemy vessel we've encountered. And that every single possible shred of information which might shed some light on this situation has been conveniently eliminated. I feel as though I've been handed a weapon, sent into a room and told to shoot a stranger. Well, I need some moral context to justify that action, and I don't have it. I'm not content simply to obey orders. I need to know that what I am doing is right. Slow to one quarter impulse. Red Alert. Battle stations. Bring us to an attack posture, Mister Worf. Tactical analysis, Mister Data. Forward shields to maximum. Lock phasers on the sentry pods. Prepare to return fire. Full impulse. Take us straight through them. Load all torpedo bays. Ready phasers. Mister Data, scan for defences. What are the defensive capabilities of the Central Command? Stand by. I do not fire on defenceless people. Mister Worf open a channel to the Lysians. The Lysians have identified Commander MacDuff as a Satarran, an alien race that's been at war with the Lysians for decades. I have conveyed our deepest regrets to the Lysians over the tragedy of their lost ship and crew. The Satarrans' weapons technology is no more advanced than the Lysians'. One photon torpedo would have ended their war.
Any life signs? Will the probe be able to transmit through that interference? Will your nervous system be able to handle that much sensory input? In my ready room. The seven people on that ship are our first priority. Is the probe ready for launch? Send it directly to the aft section of the Raman through the secondary air lock. That way it should put it just one bulkhead away from the Bridge. Make it so. [Ready room] Hello, Marcus. How's life on DS Three? There's nothing unusual about that. The Hera? I'll inform Commander La Forge. [Laboratory] Mister Data, I'd like a word with Commander La Forge. Geordi, I've just spoken with Starfleet. The Hera is missing. Captain La Forge has disappeared along with the rest of her crew. [La Forge's quarters] (Geordi is watching an old letter) Picard to Commander Data. Report. [Laboratory] Proceed. How did this happen? But shouldn't the safety overrides have prevented that? The crew of the Raman are dead. I would like to retrieve them and their vessel, but not if it means putting Geordi's safety at risk. Doctor? Picard to Riker. We will proceed with the probe. [Bridge] How long before you have it in position? Acknowledged. Is there any indication what caused this hallucination? So you believe that what you saw was some kind of transmission? Granted, but how could he perceive his mother visually as if she were standing there in the room? Geordi, the Hera's last reported location was three hundred light years away. How could it end up here? No, no, I'm sorry, Geordi. I'm not prepared to risk your life. Data, find another way of salvaging the Raman. I want an alternate plan in two hours. (Data leaves) Geordi, I'd like you to talk to Counsellor Troi. She's expecting you. Can we get the shuttles close enough without danger? Mister La Forge. Then in that case Commander. Why here? Mister La Forge, do you have any evidence to support this hypothesis? Mister Data, is any of this possible? How unlikely? let's proceed with the shuttle plan. Dismissed. Mister La Forge. (Riker and Data leave) I want you to know that I am not unsympathetic to what you're going through. Your mother's disappearance is tragic, but I cannot risk your safety on the basis of a dubious hypothesis. I'm sorry, Geordi. My decision is made. Commander La Forge. Stop your descent. Prepare to disengage the interface. Damn it, Geordi, you're going to kill yourself. Doctor, report. Geordi, what's happening to you? Geordi? [Laboratory] What's happening? Report. Is there any way that we can disconnect him? Reduce the input gradually, and still get him out before it's too late. Deceive them? Like a decompression tank? Let's try it. Explain. [Raman Auxiliary control] How do you know all this? Are these beings [Laboratory] Responsible for the death of the Raman's crew? Geordi, what's happening? Can we switch the input? Is it working? You disobeyed my direct order. You put yourself in grave danger. I am not happy. I will deal with Mister Data at another time. Meanwhile, I will have to write this incident into your permanent record. Dismissed. Geordi? I'm very sorry that you didn't find your mother.
Make it so, Mister La Forge. What kind of place is this, Data? Starfleet are adamant that we maintain excellent diplomatic relations with this planet. Mister Data, is there any other pertinent information before we reply? How current is this information, Mister Data? Counsellor, as this is a female dominated society, you might wish to make the initial contact. Open hailing frequencies. Angel One's strategic importance in this quadrant may become vital. Starfleet's hope is that one day this world may become part of the Federation. Energise. Captain's log, supplemental. Our away team has beamed down to an unusual matriarchal society where the female is as aggressively dominant as the male gender was on Earth hundreds of years ago. Here, the female is the hunter, the soldier, larger and stronger than the male. An arrangement considered most sensible and natural. [Great Hall] (There is a full gathering to greet the away team. People here kneel, not sit on chairs) I want all departments prepared for a warp six trip into the Neutral Zone as soon as the away team completes its mission. Insurance. Romulan battle cruisers have been detected near one of our border posts. [Corridor] (Picard steps out of the turbolift into a snowball) They've requested assistance as soon as Argh! (The culprits leave the holodeck) Report, Mister Crusher. On the Enterprise, Mister Crusher, nothing just happens. What is that smell? No. Don't let this just happen again, Mister Crusher. Picard here. A respiratory aliment? Is it contained? How contagious is it? [Sickbay] Well, keep with it, Doctor. Starfleet has very important business for us as soon as the away team returns. I don't fancy the idea of my crew being infected. [Great Hall] [OC]: Go ahead, Lieutenant. [OC]: Have Mister La Forge break fixed orbit and initiate a search pattern. This is quite unnecessary, Doctor. I'm fine. That is ridiculous, Doctor. I have an away team down there, in less than friendly territory, and in addition I have an appointment with several Romulan battlecruisers. Is that an order, Doctor? Lieutenant La Forge, you have command until further notice. Please, make the proper ship's log entries. Picard to Bridge. [Bridge] (Worf sneezes) Status report. And the away team? [Bridge] Keep me advised. You have the Bridge until Commander Riker returns. [Bridge] Come. Lieutenant Worf and I detected the same scent when we bumped into your son at the Holodeck. You are excused, Doctor. [Great hall] (hoarse) The Captain is fine, thank you. Mister Data has been briefing me on the away team's comportment, Number One. I look forward to your reports. Indeed we do. Mister Data, set course for the Neutral Zone. (inaudible) Engage.
Analysis, Mister Data. Is it a wormhole? Mister Data? Lieutenant, what are their sensor readings? Is that an enemy vessel? Has it been adrift for all those years, or has it has travelled through time? A rift? Belay that order, Doctor. Commander, if that ship has travelled into the future, we could be dealing with variables that will alter the flow of our history. Open a hailing frequency. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation, of a Federation starship. Standby to receive emergency teams. Commander, we will handle this one step at a time. Stabilise their power systems and tend to their injured, and avoid all discussions of where and when they are. Battle alert, Mister Crusher. Condition Yellow. On screen, Mister Data. Go ahead, Commander. Survivors? Recommendation? Agreed. But we can't stay in this area too long. You have nine hours. If you can get her underway by then, we'll escort her back to Starbase one oh five. If not, we'll evacuate the survivors and destroy the ship. Keep me posted, Picard out. (Guinan enters, looking around a lot) Guinan? You must have some idea how things have changed. What things? What people? What's the matter with the Bridge? It's the same Bridge. Nothing has changed. What else? What? Children on the Enterprise? Guinan, we're at war. What you're suggesting I'm Captain Jean-Luc Picard. The support systems are being restored. We're continuing repairs. What's the last thing you remember? Distress signal? You are aboard the Enterprise, Captain. One seven oh one D. You have come twenty two years into the future. No. If you wish, I can see that they're informed. I am concerned that if you return to your own time with knowledge of the future Have you any idea how this happened? It is possible that this exchange of fire was the catalyst for the formation of a temporal rift. History has no record of your battle with the Romulans. The Narendra Three outpost was destroyed. It is regrettable that you did not succeed. A Federation starship rescuing a Klingon outpost might have averted twenty years of war. [1701C Bridge] Then what would happen if the Enterprise C were to fly back through it? Right in the middle of the battle with the Romulans. Is there any possibility she could survive? Then sending them back would be a death sentence. [Corridor] I need more. Then I can't ask them to go back. Guinan, they will die moments after they return. How can I ask them to sacrifice themselves based solely on your intuition? Who is to say that this history is any less proper than the other? Not good enough, damn it. Not good enough. I will not ask them to die. And what is to guarantee that if they go back they will succeed? Every instinct tells me this is wrong, it is dangerous, it is futile. This is the Captain. Senior officers will report to my Ready room immediately. I am, Doctor. We can't do that. If we send that ship back with new technology we will be altering the past. We're talking about restoring the past. There are many things about her species we can't easily explained. Yet it is very possible she is correct. A ship from the past has travelled through time. How can we know what effect those events will have on the present. Indeed, we shall never know for certain, if Guinan is correct. But I have decided the consequences of that possibility are too grave to ignore. Dismissed. I think I'm aware of your opinion, Commander. This is a briefing. I'm not seeking your consent. Even their deaths might have prevented this war. If the Enterprise-C returns to the battle and its mission is a success, history will be irrevocably changed. This time line will cease to exist and a new future will have been created. I've considered the alternatives. I'll go with Guinan's recommendation. Dismissed. [Bridge] I discovered long ago that she has a special wisdom. I've learned to trust it. I could arrange for you to speak with her if you wish. I can't do that. But if you go back, it could be a great deal more helpful. The war is going very badly for the Federation, far worse than is generally known. Starfleet Command believes defeat is inevitable. Within six months we may have no choice but to surrender. One more ship will make no difference in the here and now. But twenty two years ago, one ship could have stopped this war before it started. I know you will, Captain. Lieutenant Yar? Granted. Report. Captain Garrett, damage report. [1701C Bridge] Captain Garrett. Go ahead. Any signs of other Klingon vessels? How soon can your ship be ready? Make it so. We'll give you cover. [Transporter room] Come. Yes, Lieutenant? For what reason? We need you here. Sit down, Lieutenant. What did she say to you? She felt it necessary to reveal that to you? I see. You realise that it is very possible the Enterprise-C will fail. We will continue in this time line in which case your life, hopefully, will continue for a long while. You don't belong on that ship, Lieutenant. There's no logic in this at all. Whether they succeed or not, the Enterprise-C will be destroyed. Lieutenant. Permission granted. They're not even troubling to cloak themselves. Attention all hands. As you know, we could outrun the Klingon vessels, but we must protect the Enterprise-C until she enters the temporal rift. And we must succeed. Let's make sure history never forgets the name Enterprise. Picard out. (The Klingons fire their disruptors) Mister Data? Hold fire. Mister Crusher, come about to course one four eight zero zero three. Dispersal pattern, sierra. And fire! Course one four eight. Correction, course one seven zero mark zero one four. Mister Crusher, keep us within two hundred kilometres of the Enterprise-C. Acknowledged, La Forge. Hold course, Mister Crusher. Continual fire, all phasers. (KaBoom!) Damage report. How long until the Enterprise-C enters the rift? All remaining power to the defence systems. That will be the day. (Picard jumps the rail and takes over tactical. Flames grow around him as we cut to a shot of the Enterprise being pounded by disruptor fire as C glides back into the rift. Then we're back on the Bridge, and Picard is in his 'peace-time' uniform) Report, Lieutenant. Very well. Prepare a class one sensor probe. We'll leave it behind to monitor the final closure. Mister Crusher, lay in a course for Archer Four. Guinan? Yes everything's fine. Is something wrong? [Ten Forward]
Baran wouldn't last five minutes as captain if he didn't have that control device. They captured me to find out how much I knew about their operation. I convinced them I was a smuggler. Will, these are not common thieves. They are stealing Romulan artefacts from archeological sites throughout this sector. I've lost three plasma relays on the disruptors. Auxiliary power is, is not available. What's wrong, Commander? You having second thoughts about betraying your comrades? Because that's what you've done, betrayed them. Betrayed them in order to save yourself. You used to be just a second rate officer, now you're a traitor and a coward. How does that feel? (Riker punches Picard) You can tell Baran that I'm working as fast as I can. What? You were there. The disruptors lost power. Computer, reset for diagnostic of new sample. Begin scan. Computer, reset diagnostic for new sample and begin scan. Look this isn't a Romulan labour camp. I don't have to answer your questions. And I don't give a damn what you think. Well, whatever it is we're looking for, it seems we've found it. I've had some unpleasant surprises. Will, this isn't a good idea. Baran might grow suspicious. What a tangled web we weave. I have difficulty remembering whose side I'm on. So, what have you been able to find out? A second artefact? Oh, by the way, that first artefacts is not Romulan. It's Vulcan. I have been looking over the glyphs and pictograms from the Calder Two artefact. And although I don't have enough data to translate all the inscriptions, the alphabet and symbology is much more consistent with early Vulcan than Romulan. I don't know. If I could just get access to the Enterprise computer just for a few moments. So, what will Baran do once he's obtained the second artefact? Will, you always seem to be after my job. Well, as soon as Baran feels that I've outlived my usefulness, he can kill me simply by using the neural servo. So, I think we had better start planning a mutiny. [Mercenary Cargo hold] (Narik is working at a small wall panel) We need a new captain and I've come to one inescapable conclusion Oh? Then who will they follow? You? What? What are you talking about? Vulcan Security? What sort of threat? I'm Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise. That sounds like an illogical philosophy. Tell me, Tallera, what are these artefacts we've been collecting? I know that they are Vulcan in origin. You were much as my people once were. Savage, warlike. The Stone of Gol! I know the story from Vulcan mythology. But according to the legend, the Stone was destroyed by the gods when the Vulcan people found the way to peace. A telepathic weapon. It would seem that Baran has to deliver these artefacts to the assassin in order to get paid. Therefore, you and I should continue our masquerade. How could they have found out about the rendezvous, Commander? Do you have any idea how many security officers there are on board a ship like that? Oh, yes, very convenient. We beam you back aboard your old ship and we have to take a risk that you won't change your mind and betray us. Agreed. Don't! It's not in here. Hey, you, where's the artefact? This is it. Yes, I can recognise the inscription pattern from the first artefact. Is he dead? Good. Activate the transporter. (the raiding party beam out) I have something else for you, Baran. (Picard punches Baran) Tell him what happened, Narik. He might have killed all of us. And I believe he was acting under direct orders, Baran. You betrayed us. This has gone far enough. I think it is time that we had a new commander. Someone who will lead us to those profits that we've been promised. Follow your orders? The orders of a small man trying to fill a role too big for him. I say it's time for a change. Who's with me? (everyone, by the looks of it) It's over, Baran. You can't kill all of us. You need us to run the ship more than we need you to command it. I switched the transponder codes. Given his feelings about me, it seemed a sensible thing to do. There'll be no more punishment on this ship. Now, do your duties and I'll see to it that we complete our mission and get our payment. Maintain our present course and speed for now. I'm going to find out when and where we're supposed to deliver our cargo. According to Baran's logs, we are to deliver the two pieces to the T'Karath Sanctuary on Vulcan. Galen to Bridge. Alter course for Vulcan. Oh, I wonder if you can possibly help me with something. I have been able to translate most of the writing on these two pieces For the most part, they're warnings of death and destruction to anyone who opposes the resonator, but I am not able to determine what appears on the anterior side. For example, this symbol represents the Vulcan god of war and this is the god of death, but if you look really carefully, you can see a third symbol missing. Now that obviously should belong to the final piece. Now what's odd about this is that the gods of death and war would typically always stand alone on an artefact. They would never be combined with a third glyph. I'm really anxious to see the final artefact, because it might provide a valuable insight into Vulcan mythology. Well there should be no problem about our entering orbit. I asked Commander Riker to contact the Vulcan authorities from the Enterprise and let them know that we were approaching. Well, I didn't want to risk a misunderstanding. Someone might have mistaken this for an actual raid. Perhaps I should contact the Enterprise, have them meet us at Vulcan just in case these isolationists try to escape. I see. Do you think it's wise for you to go there alone? After all, they were expecting Baran to show up. Don't you think if I were to accompany you, it might seem more plausible. Of course. Tallera, I've decided on a change of plan. Take one of the artefacts with you. Leave the other here. As soon as we have our payment in full, we'll complete the delivery. I realise that. But it's safer for all concerned to leave one behind. They've been waiting a long time for this. They're not going to take any risks. Now, take one of the artefacts and beam down. Tallera is right. But what she's not telling you is that those artefacts she's holding are part of an incredibly powerful weapon. There's no reward waiting for you down on the surface. As soon as she's got those artefacts, she'll leave you behind to be captured by Starfleet. You'll never get away with this. Starfleet will never stand and watch you tear apart one of the founding worlds of the Federation. Listen to me, all of you! Drop your weapons! Do it! Don't make any aggressive movements. The resonator amplifies violent feelings and emotions. And that's why you wanted me to pick up the phaser. That's how you were able to kill Narik and Vekor. But I can see the symbol on that third artefact, and it is the Vulcan symbol for peace standing between the symbols for war and death. It's a warning that the power of the resonator can be overcome by peace. Empty your minds of violent thoughts. (the field passes through Riker without hurting him) Think, Tallera. Two thousand years ago your people were being consumed by war. But when peace came to Vulcan, the resonator became useless. That's why it was dismantled. (Tallera tries it again on Worf and fails. She sinks to her knees) You were right, Tallera. The resonator cannot be stopped by phasers and shields, but it can be defeated by peace. (she tries again, but it's a very small field that passes through Picard before he takes the device from her hands) Captain's log, stardate 47169.2. Security Minister Satok has taken Tallera into custody and begun a search for the rest of the isolationists. [Corridor] Satok has assured me that all three pieces will be destroyed. Normally, I would be the first one to agree, but perhaps some things best left in the past. Oh, they will be detained by the Vulcan authorities for the moment. But they're also facing charges from the Klingons, the Cardassians, (yawns) the Ferengi, and at least seven other worlds. I don't think we'll be hearing from them for a while. Number One, will you set course for Starbase two twenty seven. I'll join you on the Bridge shortly. That's quite right. And as I'm supposed to be dead, I'll go and get some sleep. And, Mister Data, I suggest that you escort Commander Riker to the brig.
A toast to the success of the trade conference, Reittan. I must admit, I had some doubts when you invited the Ferengi. Thank you, Mister Data. It was thoughtful of you to invite Lwaxana Troi to be part of the Betazed delegation. I'm sure Counsellor Troi appreciates the opportunity to spend time with her mother. Perhaps later, Lwaxana. Mister Data and I were just about to show Reittan Grax the er, the er, the new door mechanisms on the aft turbolifts. If you'll excuse us? Indeed. Fine work. We shall miss you, Mister Crusher. As you've guessed, final entrance examination scores from Starfleet Academy have arrived. Congratulations. As soon as you have completed the oral exam, you'll be formally admitted. That'll be all. Number One, a moment. (Wesley and Geordi leave) You'll agree that this is a fairly routine mapping mission? Counsellor Troi had the good sense to ask for shore leave. I can see I'm going to have to suggest it to you. Have a good time, Number One. [Clearing] (Will and Deanna are strolling hand in hand through an exotic parkland. Both are in civilian dress) It's almost incomprehensible, the amount of energy being expended. Yes, yes, yes. Perhaps, Data, but that takes away none of the wonder. [Holding room] Good. Contact Commander Riker on Betazed. On screen. Our communications have been blocked by the nebula, Reittan. Is there a problem? Now we now have a reasonable hypothesis as to whom. Commander Riker will assume that we'll be searching for them. He'll find some way to send us a message. Mister Worf, I want continual monitoring of Ferengi subspace frequencies. Mister La Forge, can you extend our sensor range? Make it so. Not until we have someplace to go. [Ferengi brig] Can you locate the Krayton? Gentlemen, I have the utmost confidence in your ability to perform the impossible. Mister Crusher. Now. No lengthy farewells. Good luck. Wesley. Wesley, unless you leave immediately, you're going to miss the Bradbury. Signal the Bradbury they may leave. Play back the Ferengi transmissions. Then it is a signal from Commander Riker. Ingenious. He selected a signal we'd recognise but one the Ferengi would dismiss as static. Plot an intercept course. Well done, Mister Crusher. Warp eight. Engage. [Ferengi lab] (Lwaxana is not suffering in silence. Riker and Troi burst in. Riker shoots at Farek) Are you both all right? Hail the Krayton. On screen. Of course you were, DaiMon. But you're still holding Lwaxana Troi. Er, er. It's not over between us, Lwaxana. You're mine and I will not let you go. I insist you return to my side immediately. My love is a fever, longing still for that which longer nurseth the disease. In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes, for they in thee a thousand errors see. But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise, who in despite of view are please'd to dote. Shall I compare the to a summer's day? Thou art more lovely and more temperate. [Tog's quarters] (As the declaiming goes on in the background) Listen, Tog, I must possesses Lwaxana. And if that means destroying your ship in the process, so be it. That can be arranged. Mister Worf, arm phaser banks and photon torpedoes. If Lwaxana Troi is not in my arms in ten seconds, throw everything you've got at the Krayton. When I have plucked the rose, I cannot give it vital growth again. It needs must wither. Nine, eight. 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. (Tennyson, In Memoriam, 27) Seven, six Five, four Two, one (Lwaxana appears, and sits on Picard's knee) Such as my reporting this incident to your superiors who may question your competency as DaiMon? I will think about it. Screen off. I am truly grateful, Mrs. Troi, that you risked your life to save my people. I'll have you home within a few hours. Perhaps another time. (finally manages to stand up. Please. Mister Crusher, set course for Betazed. Warp nine. [Ready room] I've been in touch with Admiral Hahn at Starfleet Academy. The Admiral regrets your missing the oral examination but hopes that you'll reapply next year. In the interim, the Academy's loss is our gain. The Enterprise will continue to benefit from your talents for another year. No. I'm just thinking that I'm saying goodbye to you as you are today. The Academy must make you wait, that's true. But, when I review your service to this ship, your crewmates, I cannot in all conscience make you wait for the Academy. You see, Wesley, in my eyes you're an acting ensign in title only. I hereby grant you field promotion to full Ensign, with all the commensurate responsibilities and privileges of that rank. Congratulations. You're dismissed. [Bridge] Notify Starfleet we are en route to the Xanthras system for our rendezvous with the Zapata. Ensign Crusher, take us out of orbit and set course for Xanthras Three, warp factor six. Engage. (blast! nearly got rid of him too....) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
On top of everything, there's been a change. We've been given only two weeks to complete the exploration. Will, I'm leaving it up to you to make sure that all science departments have an equal chance of completing their research. Oh, and one piece of good news.. We're to rendezvous with a shuttlecraft carrying Wesley Crusher. He's on vacation from the Academy. Wesley. Quomodo tua Latinitas est? Oppido bonum. Your Latin has improved. Walter Horne? Is he still teaching? How is old Boothby? I hope he didn't tell you a lot of stories about me. Is he still tending grounds, or have the years finally caught up with him? I had the very same tour. AF? AF. Just an acquaintance of mine. (goes misty) Wesley, if you meet someone whose initials you might want to carve into that elm tree, don't let it interfere with your studies. I failed organic chemistry because of AF. Go ahead, Doctor. On my way. [Sickbay] What have you found? Agreed. Continue the analysis. Keep me informed. [Data's quarters] Come. It's no bother, Wesley. Please, sit down. How are the survey preparations coming along? What then? Yes, I've seen it. Addictive? What have you discovered? I'll start an investigation immediately. Thank you, Mister Crusher. Wesley? It's good to have you back again. (Wesley leaves, and Picard picks up his headset for a game or three) [Ten Forward] Advise them of our status, Mister Worf. Go. Replicate what you need, and see that the devices are properly distributed. Not forgetting Mister Crusher. [Crusher's quarters] (Worf and Beverly enter) Computer, all senior officers report to the Bridge. On screen. Welcome, Etana. The Enterprise has been secured. We await your further instructions. We also have an opportunity to introduce the game to Starfleet Academy. Security alert, condition three. Computer, shut down all transporter systems and shuttlebays. Mister La Forge? Seal off deck six. Activate security fields sections twenty three through twenty nine. Security to deck six, section twenty five. You led us quite a chase, Mister Crusher. Doctor Crusher. Hold him steady. His eyes. (Worf and Riker pull his eyelids open, and the game plays itself) I think so, Mister Data. On screen. The explanation is simple. Your attempt to capture our ship has failed. And the rest of the crew? We'll take the alien ship to the nearest Federation starbase. Ensign, lay in a course. Captain's log, stardate 45212.1. We have delivered the Ktarian vessel to Starbase eighty two and are now on a course to rendezvous with the Starship Merrimack, which will transport Wesley Crusher back to Starfleet Academy. [Wesley's room]
Fire. Time to impact. Mister Worf, prepare a tractor beam. Activate a deflector dish. If we project a particle beam, we may be able to produce a disruptive nuclear effect within the core. Well done, everyone . Ensign, put us back on course for the Moselina system. Warp four as soon as we're clear of the debris field. Married? She's getting married? I will not continue have that woman continuing to use this ship for her convenience, simply because her daughter happens to be one of my officers. The other reason being? Permission for an on-board wedding is granted, Number One. Nothing would please me more than to give away Mrs. Troi. (as they walk on, something moves along a bulkhead joist) [Troi's office] (Alexander is playing with a table monitor when Lwaxana enters) Take us out of warp, Ensign. Backup generators. How long before we regain attitude control? Did something hit us, Mister Worf? The inertial dampers shouldn't fail without kicking in the automatic bypass. I want to know what went wrong. Analysis in thirty minutes. [Observation lounge] (Geordi puts a container of gloop on the table) Replicators and stabilisers. Two totally unrelated systems. I'll be right there. The bridegroom. [Transporter room] Forgive this tardiness. Ship's business. Minister Campio, Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise. Welcome aboard. Not at all, sir. Are they attacking anything other than nitrium alloy? Mister Data, the asteroid we destroyed. That was rich in nitrium. And that asteroid came from the Pelloris Field. If the rest of that field is rich in nitrium, it would make a natural feeding ground. Mister Data, how long to the field? Picard to the Bridge Set a course for the Pelloris asteroid field, warp nine. We may not have five hours and twenty minutes. I'm aware of that. How can we slow them down? They don't like cold, eh? Make it so. Inform the Bridge. Mister Data, with me. [Turbolift] Bridge. Commander, do you have any suggestions on how we could encourage the parasites to leave the ship once we reach the Pelloris Field? Then they would follow the beam like a trail of breadcrumbs. Very well. (gloop is dribbling down the wall) Computer, stop at next level. Computer, acknowledge. (the turbolift stops but the doors don't open, so Data forces them) Report, Number One. Picard to Engineering. What's happening, Mister La Forge? We're losing speed. [Engineering] At that speed, Mister La Forge, there won't be a ship left to reach the Pelloris Field. Do what you have to. Mister Worf, have security evacuate all personnel from those decks. We need more speed than that, Commander. Make it so. Shut down life support to those decks. Divert emergency life support to those decks. Time to asteroid field? Mister Data, the rest of us may lose consciousness. If we do, it will be your job to execute the plan as discussed. Mister Data? Well done. Mister Worf, coordinate your teams with Doctor Crusher and Commander La Forge. Assess damage and injury.
Rather like the ancient oral historians on Earth. I'm sure. However, I don't think I would make a particularly good subject. Yes. Well. Mister Data? Can you bring her out of it? Who was the last person to speak with her? Ask if they would consent to an examination, just to be certain. Bridge to Commander Riker. Picard to Commander Riker, answer please. Computer, locate Commander Riker. And Commander Riker? Why discount the possibility that it's responsible for these comas? I believe that it would be premature to take that action, Mister Worf. There's no real evidence linking these comas with the Ullians. I mean no disrespect, but we are faced with an alarming situation Suspect is perhaps too strong a word. I'm simply trying to determine what has caused two of my officers to fall into comas. In light of your telepathic abilities, it raises the question. You shouldn't remember him like this. (They are visiting a morgue) You don't have to do this. It's the least I can do. (they enter the morgue) You shouldn't remember him like this. You shouldn't remember him like this It's the least I can do. It's the least I can do (Picard lifts the sheet to reveal dead Jack Crusher, who then opens his eyes and becomes Jev. Picard is now Jev. Beverly screams) [Corridor] Did your scans provide any insights into these comas? Mister Data, I want you to investigate those eleven planets that the Ullians visited. See if there were any reports of unexplained comas. In the meantime, we must consider restricting them to their quarters, as a precautionary measure. What else can we do? Station a guard? Set up a force field? I don't see that those would be any more effective. Picard here. I'm on my way. [Sickbay] What is the last thing you do remember? And then? We were hoping that you could tell us. You were the first. The next day Commander Riker fell into a similar coma. Last night, Doctor Crusher. We're not certain. It may be that there is some unusual effect produced by the Ullians' telepathic activity. I'm going to talk to them, and in the meantime, you're to stay here and recuperate. And if you remember anything at all about what happened, I want you to tell me immediately. [Ullian's quarters] That you voluntarily confine yourself to your quarters, at least until we have unraveled this mystery. No, please don't look on it like that. We have done everything we can to explain these comas. We have performed physical examinations, and neurological scans. We have conducted a ship-wide diagnostic, looking for viruses, parasites, infestations. We have investigated every possible cause we can imagine. We have found nothing. Nothing to explain these comas. The only variable that we have not been able to eliminate is your presence here on this ship. Now, in the light of our actions, we would ask you to understand my request and to agree to it. I know that. I'm simply considering all possibilities. If that's possible, of course. I'm sorry. I couldn't possibly subject Counsellor Troi to a potentially dangerous procedure. No. I will discuss the matter with Counsellor Troi. [Bridge] (at the aft science stations) Counsellor, I want to reiterate, if you have any doubts whatsoever about this procedure, you don't have to go through with it. Very well. I'm not sure we have any legal basis for such a prosecution. Memory invasion is simply not a crime we've ever had to contend with. What could motivate someone like your father to commit such an act? Your father claims quite strenuously that he is innocent. Picard to Commander Data. How's your search coming? [Bridge] We'll inform the medical personnel on those planets that we have discovered the true nature of the comas. I'm sure they'll appreciate knowing what [Bridge] Really happened. Earth was once a violent planet, too. At times, the chaos threatened the very fabric of life, but, like you, we evolved. We found to find better ways to handle our conflicts. But I think no one can deny that the seed of violence remains within each of us. We must recognise that, because that violence is capable of consuming each of us. As it consumed your son.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
On screen. Long range scan, Mister Data. Explanation? Make it so. Picard here. Proceed, Mister Data. Good hunting, Commander. We'd be happy to. Well, I could talk to Noor. Perhaps there's a way to work something out. Then I'm not sure that there's much that we can do. Will, if you've come here for sanction to take matters into your own hands, I can't give it to you. Interfering in the internal matters of the J'naii is prohibited by the Prime Directive. If you violate it, you may jeopardising your career. Starfleet doesn't take these matters lightly, Will. I can't defend you if you go too far. Do you understand that? Don't risk everything you've worked for. How long to the Phelan system, Mister Data? (Riker enters, Worf is already at his post) Commander? Starfleet has sent a message asking us to proceed to the Phelan system to negotiate a trade agreement. I didn't know when to tell them we will be there. Is our business with the J'naii finished? Very well. Ensign, take us out of orbit. Set a course for the Phelan system, warp six. Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
My God. (He walks over to her) Phillipa Louvois. And back in uniform. It's been ten years, but seeing you again like this makes it seem like fifty. If we weren't around all these people, do you know what I would like to do? After that. So, what are you doing out here? Anything is possible. So you came back to Starfleet. You had no reason to leave. No. That was your own damn stubborn pride. Oh, you did more than your job. You enjoyed it. You always enjoyed the adversarial process more than arriving at the truth. Well, I hope you've learned a little wisdom along the way. Admiral. Commander. Yes, sir. This way. [Bridge] I was a little surprised at the decision to put a base in force so close to the Neutral Zone. The two of you are acquainted? What exactly will this work entail? All right, explain this procedure. Data? What are the risks to Commander Data? Commander Data is a valued member of my Bridge crew. Based on what I've heard, I cannot allow Commander Data to submit himself to this experiment. Come. (Data enters) Data, please sit down. Well, we have a problem. Your service to this ship has been exemplary. I don't want to lose you. Data, I understand your objections, but I have to consider Starfleet's interests. What if Commander Maddox is correct, there is a possibility that many more beings like yourself could be constructed. That will be all, Mister Data. (Data leaves) Computer, pull all relevant information with regard to Starfleet regulations on the transfer of officers. I need your help. I have been trying to make sense of this gobbledygook, but it's beyond me. The fact is, my android officer, Data, is being transferred compulsorily to be made part of a highly dangerous, ill-conceived experiment, and I want it stopped. Once this Maddox has got control of Data, anything could happen. I don't trust that man. Yes. Acceptable risks, justified risks, but I can't accept this. It's unjustified. It's unfair. He has rights. Don't start. This is important to me. Is there an option? I see. Yes, I came to you. You're the JAG officer for this sector. I had no choice but to come to you. The word trust just isn't in your vocabulary, is it. Good try, nine out of ten for effort. I wish I could believe that. [Data's quarters] (Data is packing a very small carry case. It's contents include a small holo-projector that displays an image of Tasha Yar, an impressive collection of medals, He puts a book on the desk and then Maddox walks in without even knocking. Data comes back with another item to find Maddox reading) Irrational? I will tell you again. Data is a valued member of my crew. He is an outstanding Bridge officer. Data is a Starfleet officer. He still has certain rights. Thank you. Commander, who do you think you're working for? Starfleet is not an organisation that ignores its own regulations when they become inconvenient. Whether you like it or not, Data does have rights. Then find it. A ruling with such broad ranging implications must be supported. Phillipa, I hope you will use the same zeal that you did in the Stargazer court martial. [Ten forward] (Data is very neatly undoing the wrapping of a present) What if I challenge this ruling? Then I so challenge. Convene your hearing. But surely, Captain, you have regulations to take care of such an eventuality. Very good. You don't have to remind us of our duty. You just remember yours. Come. (Data enters) Data, Captain Louvois has issued a ruling. You are the property of Starfleet Command. You can not resign. Data, you're not going to submit. We're going to fight this. I challenged the ruling. Captain Louvois will be compelled to hold a hearing. She may be overly attached to the letter of the law, but I suspect that she still understands its spirit. We will put to rest this question of your legal status once and for all. Now, I have been asked to represent you, but if there is some other officer with which you would feel more happy? Objection, Your Honour, I want this read. All of it. Objection. There are many life forms possessed of mega strength. These issues are not relevant to this hearing. Objection! (changes his mind) It doesn't matter. Objection withdrawn. I request a recess. Riker's presentation was devastating. He almost convinced me. That's true. I've had to send people on far more dangerous missions. Oh, yes. No doubt. In ways that I cannot even begin to calculate. In what way? You're talking about slavery. I don't think that's a little harsh. I think that's the truth. But that's a truth we have obscured behind a comfortable, easy euphemism. Property. But that's not the issue at all, is it? [Courtroom] Commander Riker has dramatically demonstrated to this court that Lieutenant Commander Data is a machine. Do we deny that? No. Because it is not relevant. We too are machines, just machines of a different type. Commander Riker has also reminded us that Lieutenant Commander Data was created by a human. Do we deny that? No. Again it is not relevant. Children are created from the building blocks of their parents' DNA. Are they property? I call Lieutenant Commander Data to the stand. (Picard has Data's case with him. He opens it) What are these? Why do you pack them? What logical purpose do they serve? And this? (The book) You value it? Why? And this? You have no other portraits of your fellow crew members. Why this person? Under the circumstances, I don't think Tasha would mind. Thank you, Commander. I have no further questions for this witness. I call to the stand Commander Bruce Maddox as a hostile witness. Yes, yes, yes. Suffice it to say, he's an expert. Commander, is your contention that Lieutenant Commander Data is not a sentient being and therefore not entitled to all the rights reserved for all life forms within this Federation? Commander, would you enlighten us? What is required for sentience? Prove to the court that I am sentient. So I am sentient, but Data is not? Why? Why am I sentient? Ah, that's the second of your criteria. Let's deal with the first, intelligence. Is Commander Data intelligent? Like this hearing. What about self awareness. What does that mean? Why am I self aware? Commander Data, what are you doing now? And what's at stake? My rights. My status. My right to choose. My life. It seems reasonably self aware to me. Commander? I'm waiting. Do you like Commander Data? But you admire him? Engineering and programming. Yes, you have said that. Commander, you have devoted your life to the study of cybernetics in general? And Commander Data in particular? And now you propose to dismantle him. How many more? A single Data, and forgive me, Commander, is a curiosity. A wonder, even. But thousands of Datas. Isn't that becoming a race? And won't we be judged by how we treat that race? Now, tell me, Commander, what is Data? What is he? Is he? Are you sure? You see, he's met two of your three criteria for sentience, so what if he meets the third. Consciousness in even the smallest degree. What is he then? I don't know. Do you? (to Riker) Do you? (to Phillipa) Do you? Well, that's the question you have to answer. Your Honour, the courtroom is a crucible. In it we burn away irrelevancies until we are left with a pure product, the truth for all time. Now, sooner or later, this man or others like him will succeed in replicating Commander Data. And the decision you reach here today will determine how we will regard this creation of our genius. It will reveal the kind of a people we are, what he is destined to be. It will reach far beyond this courtroom and this one android. It could significantly redefine the boundaries of personal liberty and freedom, expanding them for some, savagely curtailing them for others. Are you prepared to condemn him and all who come after him to servitude and slavery? Your Honour, Starfleet was founded to seek out new life. Well, there it sits. Waiting. You wanted a chance to make law. Well, here it is. Make a good one. Phillipa. Dinner?
Admiral Satie. Welcome aboard the Enterprise. This is my First Officer, Commander William Riker. May I show you to your quarters? Very well. Commander Riker, will you see to the Admiral's staff? Admiral Satie, this is Commander Data, Commander La Forge. How much longer will it be? That's one reason we tend to suspect sabotage. By all means, Admiral. There are disturbing overtones in the idea of a Klingon providing information to the Romulans. Are you aware of any other Klingon-Romulan connection that Starfleet Command might have encountered recently? This ship has encountered several incidents which might suggest a potential alliance between those two powers. Come. Please, Mister Worf, come in. I particularly want my guest to meet you. Admiral Satie. This is my Head of Security, Lieutenant Worf. Mister Worf, you may have him confined. (Worf and J'Dan leave) But if you're right, someone else may be involved. I can scarcely believe it myself, but I am so grateful for your presence, Admiral. If anyone in Starfleet can help us, it's you. In what way? That sounds like Judge Aaron Satie. Only from his writings. His judgments were required reading at the Academy. I'm willing to wager that you trounced your brothers during those debates. You must miss him very much. Thank you, Doctor Crusher, we appreciate your time. You are excused now. Mister Worf, will you bring in the next person? (Crusher leaves and a young man enters) Please sit down, Mister Tarses. For the record, will you tell us your name and position? I assure you this is an informal inquiry. We are not accusing you of anything. However, if you would like counsel, it can be provided for you. Tell me, how long have you held your appointment onboard this vessel? You're excused, crewman. (Tarses leaves) Mister Worf? It's clear that he's frightened, but that's hardly an indication Admiral. I have to tell you, you must not expect me to permit any action against Mister Tarses solely on the basis of Betazoid intuition. I'm not happy about this use of a Betazoid. There is a difference between a counsellor and an investigator. Yes, I do, but I would not act solely on the basis of her instinct. But you're asking, you're asking me to restrict Mister Tarses' movements solely on the basis on Sabin's feeling. Yes, I admit I probably would. And perhaps I should re-evaluate that behaviour. If we had clear evidence. No. I won't treat a man as a criminal unless there is cause to do so. Yes, Mister La Forge. I'll be right there. [Engineering] There are submicron fractures in the metal casing. If my crew say there was no sabotage, then you can be sure there was none. Do we know that for sure? I agree it would be difficult, but not impossible. Now, please! Let me remind you he is innocent until he is proved guilty. Very well. But let us put this to rest as quickly as possible. [Interrogation room] (Picard enters to a packed house) You've opened the hearing to spectators? Nevertheless, Admiral, I think it would be wise This hearing is convened on Stardate 44780 as a continuing inquiry into the activities of Crewman Simon Tarses. Mister Tarses, for your own protection, I have assigned a counsel to you in the person of Commander William Riker. Thank you, Doctor. (sotto) If you have a case to make against Tarses, you had better make it, otherwise I'm stopping this here and now. Agreed. Mister Sabin. Mister Worf? I need to speak with you. Do you see what is happening here, Mister Worf? This is not unlike a drumhead trial. Five hundred years ago, military officers would upend a drum on the battlefield sit at it and dispense summary justice. Decisions were quick, punishments severe, appeals denied. Those who came to a drumhead were doomed. That's true, and he will stand for his crimes. How? That is not a crime, Worf. Nor can we infer his guilt because he didn't respond. Oh, no. We cannot allow ourselves think that. The Seventh Guarantee is one of the most important rights granted by the Federation. We cannot take a fundamental principle of the Constitution and turn it against a citizen. Oh, yes. That's how it starts. But the road from legitimate suspicion to rampant paranoia is very much shorter than we think. Something is wrong here, Mister Worf. I don't like what we have become. [Picard's quarters] (Picard is pouring tea) There you are, Mister Tarses. Would you care for some lemon? Well, tell me a little about yourself, Crewman. I know you were born on Mars Colony. Did you ever consider applying to the Academy, going the whole route, apply to become an officer? An elm tree with a circular bench? I spent many an hour there. It was my favourite spot to study. You didn't do it. Not if you aren't guilty, Simon. Admiral Satie? Admiral Satie? I would like to have a word with you. In private and off the record. But I do. This must stop. It has gone too far. You lied to him about the Engine Room. There were no volatile chemicals found there. We are hounding an innocent man. I've talked with him. No, he admits his mistake in falsifying his application. That does not make him a traitor. The hearings on Simon Tarses will stop. If necessary, I will go to Starfleet Command. What are you saying? You never told me about this. Admiral, what you're doing here is unethical. It's immoral. I'll fight it. Yes? Yes, yes, of course. Proceed, Mister Data. Yes, of course, Number One. Just a little preoccupied. Jean-Luc Picard. Captain, Federation Starship Enterprise. For three years, since stardate 41124. If you don't mind, there's something I'd like to say. I believe that Chapter Four, Article Twelve of the Uniform Code of Justice grants me the right to make a statement before questioning begins. I am deeply concerned by what is happening here. It began when we apprehended a spy, a man who admitted his guilt and who will answer for his crime. But the hunt didn't end there. Another man, Mister Simon Tarses, was brought to trial and it was a trial, no matter what others choose to call it. A trial based on insinuation and innuendo. Nothing substantive offered against Mister Tarses, much less proven. Mister Tarses' grandfather is Romulan, and for that reason his career now stands in ruins. Have we become so fearful? Have we become so cowardly that we must extinguish a man because he carries the blood of a current enemy? Admiral, let us not condemn Simon Tarses, or anyone else, because of their bloodlines, or investigate others for their innocent associations. I implore you, do not continue with this proceeding. End it now. Of course. Your point, Admiral? My reports to Starfleet document the circumstances in each of those instances I beg your pardon? I was following orders to take this ambassador to a location near the Neutral Zone. That's correct. No. Lieutenant. Yes, I have completely recovered. You know, there some words I've known since I was a school boy. With the first link, the chain is forged. The first speech censured, the first thought forbidden, the first freedom denied, chains us all irrevocably. Those words were uttered by Judge Aaron Satie as wisdom and warning. The first time any man's freedom is trodden on, we're all damaged. I fear that today No. Please, Mister Worf. Come in. That's good. We think we've come so far. The torture of heretics, the burning of witches, it's all ancient history. Then, before you can blink an eye, it suddenly threatens to start all over again. Mister Worf, villains who wear twirl their moustaches are easy to spot. Those who clothe themselves in good deeds are well camouflaged. Maybe. But she, or someone like her, will always be with us, waiting for the right climate in which to flourish, spreading fear in the name of righteousness. Vigilance, Mister Worf, that is the price we have to continually pay. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Professor. It's good to see you again. I want to assure you that we've not forgotten you. We spent some time investigating how you became self-aware. Frankly, it still remains a mystery. We have been wrestling with that problem too, unfortunately without any success. But we have turned our findings over to Starfleet's most experienced theoretical scientists. Unfortunately, they have not arrived at a solution either. Professor, I am concerned to learn that you experienced the passage of time while you were stored in the computer memory. I can assure you, we had no idea that that would be the case. Professor, I understand your frustration. That is not possible. You cannot exist outside this room. Computer, exit. (the door opens onto the corridor) Although an object appears solid on the holodeck, in the real world they have no substance. (Picard throws out a book. It vanishes) Professor, you are a computer simulation. Professor, I ask you to believe me. If you step out of that door, you will cease to exist. How is this possible? Professor, will you come with me? I'd like our Doctor to examine you. (Security arrives) Well, Professor, my crew will continue to investigate, but for now it would seem you have accomplished a miracle. The question is, now that you're here, what do we do with you? Professor, I think there are some things of which you should be made aware. [Ten Forward] No, not adrift. The Enterprise is a starship, capable of travelling through space. I can give you books that will help. I hope you will plan on remaining on board for a while. There is still much that we need to understand about what has happened to you. Professor, I feel it necessary to point out that criminal behaviour is as unacceptable in the twenty fourth century as it was in the nineteenth. And much harder to get away with. If that's so, then there are opportunities awaiting you that are beyond anything you have ever imagined. What is the matter? Professor, I ask you to believe me when I say that we do not know how or why you are able to exist off the holodeck. According to the laws of physics, this is impossible. We would have no idea how to do it again. Even if I had reason to believe that would be successful, I don't think that I could sanction it. Please understand, Professor, that you are in essence a new life form. One that we didn't intend to create and that we don't fully understand. Now the moral and ethical implications of deliberately creating another one like you are overwhelming. I assure you, we will do everything possible to make you comfortable. Agreed. We don't have enough information about this phenomenon to act in a responsible way. I think we'll hold off on Professor Moriarty's request for now, but continue with your investigation. In the meantime, I have to deal with Professor Moriarty. [Moriarty's quarters] I feel I must postpone action until we learn more. Professor, I wonder why you're in so much of a hurry. Is this woman involved with you in some illegal venture? You must love her very much. Then her safety must be very important to you. Give us time to determine what is going on happened here. That way we can minimise the risks in bringing her to you. You wouldn't want to lose her because we acted too quickly. Picard here. On my way. [Bridge] How long until they begin to coalesce? Mister Worf, launch four Class A probes toward the planets. Mister Worf? For what reason? Computer, route all command functions to the Bridge. Reinitialise them on my authorisation. Explain. What's happening? Who's transferred the voice authorisation? Professor, this situation is more serious than you realise. In less than five hours, those two planets will collide and a new star will form. Unless we move to a safe distance, this vessel will be destroyed. But surely you wish to live like the rest of us? We've discussed that. We are studying means of bringing her safely off the holodeck. But five hours is not enough time. Mister Data, will you investigate the possibility of complying with Professor Moriarty's request. In the meantime, we have a few things to discuss. [Engineering] Well, Professor Moriarty has agreed not to interfere with routine ship operations so long as he believes we're acting in good faith, then I don't think we're in immediate danger. Any progress? Well, keep at it. I have to tell him that we are making some progress. Mister La Forge. Do you have any idea how Moriarty could have gained control of the ship? I want you to find some way to undo what he has done so that we can regain control of this ship. [Corridor] You wanted to see me? Computer, route all command functions to this location. Reinitialise them on my authorisation. Picard, epsilon seven nine three. How do you know that? Mister Data, if what you say is true, then this is not Geordi La Forge. Are you certain? (Data throws his comm., badge towards the warp core. The grid appears for a moment) Computer, discontinue programme. Computer, exit. Picard to Bridge. Number One, what is my present location? No. Thank you. Picard out. Our comm. badges must be locked into the simulation. If that had been the real Commander Riker, he would have given my location as holodeck three. Mister La Forge, will you excuse us, please? (Geordi leaves) Mister Data, who is real here? And from that point we have been existing in a holodeck simulation created by Professor Moriarty? I have just given the computer my command codes, thinking I would get control of the ship. Since Professor Moriarty never actually left the holodeck, he may demand that Commander Riker help him to do so. How long until the planetary collision? So long as Moriarty has control of the ship, we are vulnerable. Somehow, I have to find a way of giving him what he wants. [Bridge] Computer, resume programme. [221b Baker Street] Captain Jean-Luc Picard. Thank you, no. I've come here to prevail upon your intelligence and your insight. Credit where credit is due, madam. I can see you are a woman not only of breeding, but of wit and sagacity. And do you suspect that that is my intent? What does a woman like you see in a man like Moriarty? He's also an arch-criminal. So it's your desire to leave the holodeck to be with him. Yes, I can. We have learned that if we uncouple the transporter's Heisenberg Compensators and allow them to re-scramble randomly, we can beam a holodeck object or a person off the grid with all of the cohesion of conventional matter. No, please. Wait. I have brought you this information because I think you are someone who will listen to a reasonable proposition. Someone whose mind is open to compromise. My ship is in danger. It is imperative that I regain navigational control. I want you to persuade Professor Moriarty to return the voice command to me, or I will not modify the transporter. Now, once I have regained voice command, I will transport you from the holodeck. Countess, you must understand that I am responsible for more than one thousand lives. Computer. Store programme Picard delta one in active memory and discontinue simulation. (the shuttlebay disappears) [Holodeck] Well, it worked. They believed they were off the holodeck. Let's find out. Computer, discontinue holodeck simulation created by Professor Moriarty. (the corridor disappears) [Holodeck] Picard to Bridge. Yes, we are, Number One. What is your status? [Bridge] And the planetary collision? We'll join you shortly. Mister Worf, everything is all right. (Reg takes the memory block out of the arch panel) [Observation lounge] We managed to programme the holodeck inside the holodeck, and use the same ruse that Moriarty used on us. In fact, the programme is continuing even now inside that cube. They will live their lives and never know any difference. In a sense. But who knows? Our reality may be very much like theirs. All this might be just be an elaborate simulation running inside a little device sitting on someone's table. Well, we have a newborn star to study. Mister Barclay, you will keep that safe?
Sounds fascinating, Mister Worf. Please proceed. Fire when ready. (only two of the three find their targets in the asteroid belt) Abort and destroy. Maintain a sensor lock on the torpedo, Mister Worf. We'll have to go after it. Then I'll take a shuttlecraft and retrieve it. Mister Data, you're with me. I happen to be a reasonably qualified pilot, Number One. Besides, these tests hardly require the Captain's personal attention. Mister Worf, I think that you should consider analysing your new guidance system. Picard to Data. Report to Shuttlebay two. Have they been delayed? Scan the vicinity. See if you can find them. Set a course. (whoosh) Life signs? Adjust the axial stabilisers to match the attitude and rotation rate of the Enterprise, I'm going to dock the shuttle manually. [Shuttlebay] Any sign of the crew? That sounds like animals. Look at this. (a shed skin) But it seems to be humanoid. These are Commander Troi's quarters. Can you tell if she's inside? Data, I want to have a look in here. Stand ready. [Troi's quarters] (it's tropical inside, water is dripping from the ceiling) The environmental settings in these quarters have been altered. Data, over here. (They go into the bathroom. Troi is underwater so Picard pulls her out) Deanna. (she starts gasping.) What's happened to her? What is she? She has been injured. Are you saying she's been bitten? First we've got to get the ship under control. Let's go to the Bridge. [Bridge] (Dern is dead, with scratches across his chest) It looks like he's been attacked by some sort of animal. Has his DNA been changed as well? So the entire ship has been affected. I've regained attitude control for the ship, but main power is still offline. It looks as though the entire power transfer grid has been destroyed. (there's thumping from the ready room) [Ready room] (Riker is trying to get at Livingston the fish. He's hairy and brutish and his uniform has split at the shoulders) Will? Perhaps we can find a way to communicate. Will, can you understand what it is that (Riker attacks Picard and Data stuns him using two shots) He looks almost proto-human. This tranquilliser should keep him unconscious for another seven hours. What have you found out? Introns? So these introns are causing her DNA to re-combine in an earlier configuration? And Commander Riker's introns are changing him into what appears to be one of the earlier hominids. What about those crewmembers who are not from Earth? How long before I begin to change? And what will that be Well, before I begin swinging through the ship looking for breakfast, we'd better find some answers. How do we reverse the process? Agreed. [Data's quarters] (mewing sound) They sound hungry. It would seem the intron virus is not limited to humanoid lifeforms. What is it? So Spot was giving birth to the kittens at the same time that she was changing into a reptilian lifeform. If I remember my biology, there are several natural immune systems that come into play in the mother's womb to protect the foetus from viral infections. Maybe we could have inhibited the intron virus by using the natural antibodies in Spot's amniotic fluid. Then we should locate a pregnant humanoid. Where is she? The Arboretum. (ship shake) I'm going to check the status of the warp core. (it's dark, and cobwebs are everywhere. Picard looks through a window at the warp core and something with half a face and a few compound eyes throws itself at the glass) Data! (it skitters away) What was that? A spider? I have these intense feelings of fear and panic. I feel as if I were being watched. I can't explain it. In that case, my instincts tell me that we'd better hurry. [Sickbay] (Alyssa the ape is on a biobed and Picard is biting his nails) How soon can you do that? What was that? Worf. (the door starts to buckle) Set your phaser to heavy stun. Listen to that. He sounds very angry, really, really aggressive. What do you think he wants? Do you think he's responding to some predatory instinct? Do you think he see us as prey? Then what does he want? Predators use vocalisations to frighten other predators and to mark territory, and to commence mating process. A mating process. Counsellor Troi was bitten by a Klingon but not in a place that might be life-threatening. Nowhere near a major artery or organ. Data, look at this. Look at this injury. This wound was never intended to give her any kind of serious harm. Is it possible that Worf could see Counsellor Troi as his mate? Well, we can't just leave. We have to stay here and protect her. And we have to keep on working on the retrovirus. If we could distract him, if we could lure him away from her. Klingons have got a very powerful sense of smell. If we could duplicate Deanna's pheromones and then convince him she's no longer in Sickbay, that she'd gone into some other part of the ship. Can you amplify the pheromones? They need to be much more powerful than Deanna's actual scent. No, no, no. You must go on working on the retrovirus. I'll go. No time. No time to argue. [Corridor] (the terrified not-yet-a-proto-lemur sneaks out through Crusher's office door and squirts the scent into the air, backing down the dark corridor. The armoured monster leaves the door and follows the trail) [Turbolift] Deck seventeen. Deck seventeen! (the doors shut in the nick of time but it doesn't move. Worf starts hammering at the door and Picard escapes through the roof) [Sickbay] (Data gives Alyssa a hypospray) Go ahead, Data. Acknowledged. [Sickbay] Yes, I'm [Jefferies tube] Fine, Mister Data. Proceed. (Worf snores) Well, Mister Worf, let's hope that when you wake up, you're a new man. Captain's log, supplemental. Commander Data has succeeded in returning the crew to normal. Doctor Crusher has determined that the synthetic T-cell she used to cure Mister Barclay's Urodelan flu initiated the intron virus which swept through the ship. [Sickbay]
Make it so, Mister Crusher. (The little ship comes up astern of the majestic vessel) Open hailing frequencies. On viewer. This is the USS Enterprise. Captain Jean Luc Picard. You were never considered a danger to us, Captain. Mute main viewer. Counsellor? Audio on. You have a burn-out in your guidance system, Captain. We can accommodate you, Captain. Agreed. Yes. Now please follow Commander Riker's instructions so our ship can get back to its normal routine. Something funny? Commander Data, report to the main Bridge immediately. Extend hailing frequencies, all languages, all channels. Lasers can't even penetrate our navigation shields. Don't they know that? A very old regulation. Well, make it so, Number One. And reduce speed. Drop main shields as well. In case we decide to surrender to them, Number One. Viewer on. (A middle aged man with a neat beard, dressed in simple grey, has his arms folded belligerently) But he is right. We are in their solar system. Open a channel. I am Captain Jean Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise. For what reason have you locked your weapons on us? He was in need of emergency repair. It was our obligation to assist. On what authority? What do you think, Counsellor? Open. What crimes are you referring to? Debin, hold this position. Viewer off. Data, identify. Data. Viewer on. Hailing frequencies. I am Captain Picard. Then you're aware that we have no hostile interaction. That word demand has a tone of finality. Mister Okona to the Bridge immediately. Open. The same demand has been made by the Atlec legation. I would rather not escalate this situation any further. I trust that that can be avoided. I will respond to your request shortly. Viewer off. Find him. Get him up here. Mister Okona, you were welcomed aboard without any undue investigation. In turn it was assumed that you did not come under false pretenses. It now seems that you may have done. Mister Okona, you are free to socialise with the members of my crew. I'm talking about a man named Debin. Then perhaps you can explain why his craft is threatening to attack us unless I give him custody of you. Then tell me why Kushell of the planet Straleb is demanding the same thing? And quite adamant. Mister Okona, what crimes are you accused of? Why do these men want you? They're threatening to attack the Enterprise. Right. Then you can offer no reason why they are set on this provocative course? On viewer. What? The first on. Captain Debin. Captain, let me ask you again. What are Okona's crimes? It is if you wish me to release him to you. Your advice, Counsellor. I don't suppose you can give me any indication why this man wants you? (Okona sighs and shakes his head) Let's put all this together. Lieutenant Worf, multiple image, full conference mode. Let them all see each other. Gentlemen, please, let's try and resolve this matter. Captain Kushell, what crime has Okona allegedly committed against you? Terminate communications. Come with me. [Ready room] No, they could fire until their lasers ran dry and they wouldn't hurt the Enterprise. My predicament is what to do with you. And if I hand you over to Debin, then it's the same thing. I'm sure you do. In truth, I simply do not have authority in this matter. I'm not your judge, nor is it my duty to arbitrate. But you are in my custody, and that creates the dilemma. According to Starfleet regulations, that would be my only course of action. But their ships are faster than yours. I'm not doing you a favour. Mister Okona. Oh. Just what are your plans, Mister Okona? Viewer on. Gentlemen, communicating like this is very distracting. I suggest that we beam you up to the Enterprise and we resolve this face to face. Number One, you have the Bridge. Counsellor Troi, would you accompany me to deck fourteen conference room. Worf, see to our guests. Now please, please, be calm. Lieutenant, thank you. (Worf leaves) The rest of this is an issue, gentlemen, to be settled between yourselves. Now if you will excuse us, we have business. Goodbye, Captain Okona. Please. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Yes, Doctor. Sit down. Look, this perhaps may be nothings, but I've been feeling a bit odd of late. Fatigued. And now I've got this damned headache. Headache. Headache. Surely you know what a headache is. The reason is obvious, of course. What are the Ferengi up to? Stand by, Enterprise. Stand by for what? No, neither can I. Unless they're baiting some kind of trap. Doctor, all I've got is On my way, Number One. Sorry, Doctor. Duty calls. [Bridge] Have they given any hint of what they've been waiting for? Open hailing frequencies. Ferengi vessel. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise. We are transmitting visually. Do we know each other? Then you have the advantage. Is this Bok? What problem is that, DaiMon Bok? I appreciate your offer, DaiMon Bok. We would like you to be our guest here. In one hour, DaiMon Bok. End transmission. They did agree a bit easily. Well, in one hour we shall know why. [Sickbay] (Picard is lying on an examination table) Are you always accustomed to getting your way, Doctor? It seems an awful lot of effort for something as simple as a headache. So what's the cause of my headache? The pain's gone. Doctor! Ensign, answer the First Officer's question. The correct procedure, Oh, it's nothing. It's just a, just a mild headache. The correct procedure, Ensign, would have been to signal the Bridge of your finding immediately. Time? Oh, for the Ferengi to beam over. Do you see any problems connected with this old starship coming in, Number One? Concur. Stand by. Welcome you in peace to the Enterprise, DaiMon Bok. This is my First Officer, Commander William Riker. Second in command, Data. Counsellor Troi. He is not for sale. Commander Data is, um, is, um One of our starships under your control? Who? I'm sorry, I do not remember it, DaiMon Bok. Data? The Battle of Maxia. I've never heard it referred to so dramatically before. My sincere regrets, Bok, but that vessel refused to identify itself. It simply attacked us. We defended ourselves. Main viewer. For what purpose? What (clutches his head in pain) No, no. I'm fine It's right. I'm fine. What is this all about? Magnify please, Lieutenant La Forge. Why, it's the Stargazer. It's my old ship. How did you find it? No. It hit with more impact. Are you sure it wasn't one of my thoughts? At that moment, I was remembering being at the helm of the Stargazer. A manoeuvre was being made. We were hit. Something's burning. I can smell smoke. Can you smell it? That was just part of my memory. Well, it was strong, whatever it was. Are you ready, Number One. We were traveling at warp two through the Maxia Zeta star system when this unidentified starship suddenly appeared and fired on us, point-blank range. It must have been lying in some deep moon crater. First attack damaged the shields. In the confusion, they hit us a second time. No names, no reason. Can you identify them, Vigo? If they come in a second time with our shields damaged He's my weapons officer on the Stargazer. I'm getting quite caught up in this. I improvised. With the enemy vessel coming in for the kill, I ordered a sensor bearing, and when it went into the return arc Well, I did what any good helmsman would have done. I dropped into high warp, stopped right off the enemy vessel's bow and fired with everything I had. And our attacker fired on the wrong one. It was a save our skins manoeuvre. We were finished. On fire. We had to abandon ship. We limped through space in shuttlecraft for weeks before we were picked up. I haven't thought about this for years. I want to go over to her. Hello, old friend. What did you find, Data? Oh, I'm fine, Doctor. Lieutenant Yar, run a structural analysis on the Stargazer for an impulse tow. Data, download all computers to the Enterprise and file. I'm going to look at my old cabin. [Stargazer Captain's Quarters] (Picard is going through the books he left behind, and a trunk of clothes. Inside the trunk, something lights up, and he doubles over in agony) [Ferengi Science Lab] (Bok is working at a double of the thing in the trunk) But my things Very well, Data. Very strange, Number One. Like going back to the house you grew up in, but no one's home, except the phantoms of the past. Not half as much as this damn headache. Take over, Number One. What does this mean? It is, Number One. Thank you, Will. I never made that log entry, of course, but it still leaves you with a duty to perform. And one more full day for their answer to return. I'd like the truth on this by then. I'd hate to have to prepare a formal defence. Why wouldn't they? With the Ferengi making these friendship overtures, I could become a severe embarrassment to Starfleet. Damn! I'll call the Doctor again. Yes? Who the hell is it? (Crusher enters.) More like dying, Doctor. What is wrong with me? Why do doctors always say the obvious as though it's a revelation? No. [Ferengi Science Lab] (Bok turns up the device) [Picard's Quarters] It wasn't this bad. But it's getting worse. I got this headache long before I even knew my old ship still existed. Still, perhaps you're partly right. The fight at Maxia. I destroyed an entire vessel. An entire crew. I don't know anymore. I just don't know. The last three nights I've, I've heard these voices. I'm on the bridge of my old ship. There's fire all around me. The klaxons, smoke. And then I give the order. And now the Stargazer is really here!. And that log. Am I going crazy? How do I know I was in my right mind at Maxia? How do I know I'm in my right mind now? (Crusher gives him an injection) What was that? Yes sleep. Sleep. (Crusher puts two small devices on his forehead, turns the lights out and leaves) Damage report! Sensor beam bearing on hostile ship! Ready phasers, and lock! Stand by on warp nine. Heading seven, seven mark twenty. Engage. Steady. Now, reverse and stop! Phasers fire, torpedoes away! Fire. Fire. [Ready Room] A little sleep, thanks to the good Doctor, works wonders. What report on the logs? I thought I was Captain of this starship. Thank you for the confirmation, Doctor. But now, except for Riker, I would like you all to return to your stations. Is that clear? You too, Doctor. I have business with the Commander. Release the Stargazer from the tractor beam, Number One. The tractor beam. No, but her inertia will carry the Stargazer along with us. Or did you sleep through the Academy lecture on conservation of tractor beam power? What is happening? What are you doing? I don't know what you're talking about. Your son? The ship? The Ferengi ship that attacked me. Or is it about to attack me? Do not attack again! We are on a peaceful mission. Give your identity. You force us to defend ourselves. Phasers full up. Arm torpedoes. Why aren't the shields at full power? Damn, I said put fusion generators under surge control. You're moving too slowly. Arm the torpedoes, man! Vigo! Get a fire control party up here! Weapons report! Who are they? Identify them! Ready phasers. Vigo, is that you? Stand by. Who is this? Phaser. A sphere. Bok used it. Phaser. Destroy the sphere. Destroy the sphere. (After some hesitation, Picard destroys the sphere. The resulting explosion throws him across the Bridge) [Bridge] Where am I, Number One? Bok! Where is Bok? In revenge, there never is. Let the dead rest. And the past remain the past. Enterprise, lock on. Beam me home, Riker.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Contact DS9. Find out what they know about this Yridian trader. That's the only chance we have of finding Worf. [Meeting hall] What is it, Number One? Are any of these systems near Romulan space? Let's head for the closer one. Thank you, Doctor. (Crusher and Toq leave) Welcome home, Mister Worf. Picard to Bridge. Signal the Romulan ship that the last group is on board. You found what you were looking for, Mister Worf? I understand. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
This is the Captain. We have arrived at the Tyran system. All senior staff to the Bridge. The Enterprise is scheduled to leave the Tyran system tomorrow. If I'm to change that plan, I'll need a very good reason. Agreed. I understand one of these devices successfully repaired a faulty power grid. Mister La Forge, what are your thoughts? Mister Data? I'm inclined to agree. I don't think that forty eight hours is too much time to risk particularly when the gains areso substantial. You may proceed, Doctor. Doctor, I appreciate your time constraints, but recognising new life, whatever its form, is the principal mission of this vessel. Please. Now, Mister Data, will you tell us what makes you think that the exocomps are alive? If the possibility exists, no matter how slight, that these exocomps are lifeforms, then we must examine that possibility. Clearly these are difficult issues to resolve. We have to proceed very carefully. So the first task is to test Mister Data's hypothesis. Make it so. [Engineering] (the exocomp is sitting just inside a Jefferies tube) I assume this is a simulation. Very well. Proceed. Well, I consider this time well spent. I hope for the sake of the project that I hope you're right, Doctor. Understood. Doctor, the station must be evacuated. That is an order, Doctor. Now, assemble all personnel on the transporter pad. Now! Picard to Enterprise. [Bridge] Do you read me? Prepare for emergency transport. Is that everybody? Mister La Forge! Stand by to transport. Mister La Forge! Mister La Forge, are you all right? All right. Link established. I'm reading power fluctuations. The force field is not stable. How long can we expect it to last? We have to keep it up long enough for Commander Riker to get to us. Mister La Forge. The exocomps are siphoning power from the core. Can we help them? Is there any way we can moderate the power transfer? Drop the force field. [Transporter room] I look forward to it. Something more, Mister Data? I think I understand the predicament you were in. It could not have been an easy choice. Of course you couldn't. It was the most human decision you've ever made. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Commander Leijten, you said that before Brevelle deserted Starbase one one two last week, he'd been ill for several days. What about Mendez? The original Tarchannen disappearances were never solved, were they? Slow to impulse power. Mister Worf? Hail the vessel. Put a repeating message on all subspace channels. Order the Lieutenant to come about and stand to. Make it a priority one communiqué. On screen. How soon, Mister Data? Options? Open a channel. Lieutenant Hickman, listen carefully. This is Captain Picard of the Enterprise. You are in danger. You must slow your rate of approach. Lieutenant Hickman, you must do what I tell you. Reduce your velocity and bring your craft to a positive pitch of twenty degrees, now. Number One, prepare your away team. Your devotion to duty is admirable, Commander, but Doctor Crusher is right. You will remain on the Enterprise until we know whether or not this is connected to the disappearance of the others. We have completed our survey on the surface. Analysing that data will keep us busy for a while. What about La Forge? That's what the reports said about Mendez and Hickman before they disappeared. [Corridor] They're almost identical. How do you explain that? Is the Enterprise at risk? Mister La Forge, what if you begin to change? What if you feel compelled to go down to the planet like the others? Very well, Mister La Forge. You proceed with your investigation, but I want you to report to Doctor Crusher for a bioscan at the start of day watch. Go ahead, Doctor. Very well, Doctor, keep us informed. Computer, what was the last known location of Commander La Forge? Re-engage now. Our sensor array is useless. We must find some other way of locating him. Make it so. Number One, as soon as Data is ready, I want you to lead an away team. Is there no hope for Brevelle or Mendez? Welcome back, Mister La Forge. Then we will leave them be. I'll order warning beacons placed in orbit and on the surface. Hopefully, no one else will have to go through what you did. (Picard and Crusher leave)
Any indications of life, Mister Worf? The Academy? Are there any records of missing ships in this vicinity? Daedalus class. Mute it, Mister Data. With that storm activity down there, it isn't worth the risk to check on a ghost ship. Advise Starfleet that we have solved the mystery of Captain Shumar and the Essex. Go ahead. Commander, can you hear me? [Shuttle] Enterprise to shuttle, please respond. Do we have their position? Can you locate them? The same conditions won't permit a shuttle to land safely, Mister LaForge. Any suggestions? You're aware of the risks, Mister O'Brien? All right then. Good luck. Injury report, Doctor? Mister Data. Good work, Chief. You're sure, Number One? And how are you, Counsellor? Good. Let's go. [Corridor] So what happened down there? Was there any evidence of life? [Turbolift] Bridge. How do you suggest we proceed? Is something wrong, Commander? Of course. You have the Bridge, Number One. Are you saying someone was communicating telepathically? What were they trying to communicate? Report. Initiate emergency bulkheads in turboshaft four. Mister Worf. [Deck 13] (But when Worf and Patricia Tallman and another security guard get there, the turbolift is empty except for three comm. badges on the floor) [Deck 10 Corridor] (The three encounter forcefields) Security to Ten Forward. [Ten Forward] (Molly is howling) Picard to Worf. Report. [Ten Forward] (Worf is gazing at the business end of a phaser) Mister Worf acknowledge. Can you hear me, Mister Worf? Mister La Forge, shut down all computer access to Ten Forward. How many people are down there? Doctor Crusher to the Bridge. Doctor, go back to the biofilter readouts taken of the away team's transport from the moon's surface. See if you can come up with any clue that might explain this. Ten Forward, this is Captain Picard. I am prepared to discuss this situation. There is no need for further violence. [Ten Forward] Please identify yourselves. Please respond, Ten Forward. Are there any members of my crew who require medical assistance? Move it where? And that's what Troi asked me to do. But why? Ten Forward, if you could be more specific about our intended destination [Tem Forward] Perhaps we could We need to stabilise this situation. Play for time. I suggest we move the ship as they've asked. Agreed? Set a new heading, but take us there as slowly as you can. Ten Forward, we are moving the ship as you requested. [Ten Forward] If your theory is accurate, Doctor, what would happen if we were to inflict pain on the others? How will you gain access? Yes, Doctor. That will be your top priority. Very well, proceed. Bridge to Ten Forward. Now that we are moving the ship as you requested, I would like to know the nature of the injuries to the members of my crew. [Ten Forward] How serious is their condition? Ten Forward, you must release these people so that they can receive proper medical attention. [Ten Forward] If you will release them, I will take their place. [Ten Forward] Expect a medical team to accompany me. Sickbay, this is Picard. Have an emergency medical team meet me outside Ten Forward. Number One, so long as they're on board this ship, I'm a hostage no matter where I am. We all are. I must find out who we're dealing with. If La Forge and Ro can attempt a rescue in short order, then let them proceed. If they can't, I will provide you with another opportunity. Watch for it. Ten Forward, we're outside the door. The Starship Essex vanished over two hundred years ago. And you have survived all this time as? Then Counsellor Troi is still alive? I'm very pleased to hear that. My help? How did this happen to you? Why didn't you tell us this? Why the deception? The violence? (The medical team take the injured out of the room) What was your vessel's designation and its complement? Under whose command in this sector? I don't need to see the records. End this, and I will give you whatever help you need. What do you want? Impressions, Mister Worf? Human history is full of many similar legends. Not for one moment. Then he should be behaving very much better, don't you think? A Starfleet Captain. I assure you, Mister Worf, these are not jat'yIn. Our job is to find out exactly what they are and then to determine how to deal with them. (Data comes over and separates them) Captain Shumar. We'll be approaching the southern polar region that you requested in a few minutes. I need to give additional instructions. The southern pole? Nothing our sensors were able to detect indicated that the Essex went down in that region. Captain, if you will let these people go, I'll order the Bridge to follow your instructions. If you are who you say you are, there's no need for any of this. We'll gladly take you home. If you don't release the hostages, I won't cooperate. Picard to Bridge, abort immediately. [Bridge] Yes. (Data lets him go) First officer's log, supplemental. The Enterprise has moved into a synchronous orbit near the southern polar region. We await further instructions from Ten Forward. [Bridge] On the contrary, we've had a difficult time with transporters since we arrived here. That's why we had to send down the shuttle. You should all have been aware of that fact. Mister O'Brien was the one who safely executed the return of the away team. He's the most qualified person on board to operate the transporters under these circumstances. I could give you safe passage to a transporter pad in one of the cargo bays. I can give you all safe passage. Because I assume that if you choose go to the cargo bay, then you won't to take all of the hostages. Their safety is my chief priority. Let me talk to him. Number One, I think we have an opportunity to end this siege. [Bridge] It will require the cooperation of all concerned. [Ten Forward] Our guests will be moving shortly to cargo bay four, where the transport will occur. I want you to ensure them of safe passage between Ten Forward to the cargo bay. [Bridge] Captain Shumar, how do you intend to achieve this rest that you so desire? Well, how do you intend to free yourselves of this existence that has so trapped your consciousness? Really? What is your scientific basis for that? Captain Shumar, when are you going to tell me who you really are? Escape? Did you really think using their identities would gain our sympathy? Then this moon is a penal colony. Your threats are meaningless now. Are you prepared to sacrifice the lives of the others? They'll all die when the cargo bay hatch is blown. If you each know the officers you inhabit, then you know they're equally ready to give their lives for this ship. Free them now and I will return you to the moon's surface. Picard to Bridge. Our guests will be leaving shortly. I need an emergency medical team down here. (the three balls of energy join the others in the transporter) Mister Worf, prepare to transport these prisoners back down to the moon's surface. What about the entity that controlled you, What were your perceptions of him?
Denied. When we get another window in the storms. The crash site? [Corridor] No sign of others? It certainly is the last place one would expect Romulan encroachment. On the other hand, Galorndon Core would provide ideal cover for an opening move of a new offensive. Can you treat him? We can't use the replicator? Doctor, it's an important consideration. The only answer he wants to give is that he was alone. Make it so. From the surface? On screen. (everyone, say Hi! to Andreas Katsoulis aka G'Kar the Narn from Babylon 5) Mister Worf, hail the Romulan vessel. Romulan vessel, this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Enterprise. Commander Tomalak, we have intercepted your transmission. You are not to enter Federation space. Indeed? A slight navigational error? Nearly half a light year past the Neutral Zone? Commander, we have recovered one of your survivors. He is being treated for severe injuries. Destroyed, deliberately, after the crash. I have an away team on the planet. We are waiting for a window in the storm to beam them up. Are there any other Romulans we should be looking to recover from Galorndon Core? Counsellor? Without evidence of intent, Number One, it will not be a simple matter. But we must measure our response carefully, or history may remember Galorndon Core along with Pearl Harbour and Station Salem One as the stage for a bloody preamble to war. [Sickbay] Go ahead, Doctor. You haven't found a compatible ribosome donor? Keep me advised. Picard out. Well done, Ensign. Mister Worf, launch the probe. Close enough, however, to see we're not there. On screen. My away team is unable to leave the surface because of the storms. He is alive. Yes. If the point hasn't been made clearly, Commander, let me make it again. Romulan warships do not enter Federation space unless they are prepared to do battle. A mission to recover one of your officers who has been caught on a Federation planet for reasons as yet unknown. And I have rejected your explanation. Commander, I am singularly impressed by your concern for a life. Do not risk any more lives by leaving the Neutral Zone. Picard out. [Cave] Assemble an away team. Belay that order, Number One. Red alert. [Cave] Come. Yes, Lieutenant. I assume you know what it's about. The Romulan ship will reach us within the hour. If our patient dies it may be just the excuse the Romulan commander needs to start an incident. The death of a Romulan officer at the hands of the Federation. Think of it. So, there is no question that the Romulan officer is more valuable to us alive than dead. Lieutenant, sometimes the moral obligations of command are less than clear. I have to weigh the good of the many against the needs of the individual, and try to balance them as realistically as possible. God knows, I don't always succeed. Oh, Lieutenant, you wouldn't complain even if you had cause. I don't want to order you. But I ask you. I beg you to volunteer. Lieutenant. That will be all. (Worf leaves) Picard to Doctor Crusher. Do not continue to enlist the cooperation of Lieutenant Worf. Expected duration? On screen. On viewer. Commander, you have entered Federation space despite my warning. He's dead. All shields to maximum. Lock phasers on target. Transporter room, lock onto the neutrino beam and stand by. But it's a likely hypothesis, Number One. If Commander La Forge has located a second survivor. Lieutenant, hail the Romulan vessel. Repeat the hail all channels. You see, they have no way of knowing how accurate our sensors are. Put on your best poker face, Number One. Open a frequency. Commander Tomalak. It would appear our away team has rescued a second man from your one man ship. We're preparing to beam them to the Enterprise. After which, of course, we will return the survivor to you. Commander, both our ships are ready to fight. We have two extremely powerful and destructive arsenals at our command. Our next actions will have serious repercussions. We have good reason to mistrust one another, but we have better reasons to set our differences aside. Now, of course, the question is, who will take the initiative? Who will make the first gesture of trust? The answer is, I will. I must lower our shields to beam these men up from the planet surface. Once the shields are down, you will of course have the opportunity to fire on us. If you do, you will destroy not only the Enterprise and its crew, but the cease-fire that the Romulans and the Federation now enjoy. Lieutenant, lower the shields. Leave the hailing frequency open. Mister O'Brien, transport Mister La Forge and the Romulan directly to the Bridge. Belay that order, Lieutenant. Shields up. No one is going to harm you. Well, Commander? Tomalak, how is it possible you didn't know of the second Romulan on Galorndon Core? Of course not. Let's just say my faith would be strengthened by a gesture from you, such as powering down your disruptors. Thank you. Cancel Red alert, Lieutenant. Commander, we shall return your officer and escort your ship to the Neutral Zone. Good to have you back, Commander. Indeed. Commander La Forge and Lieutenant Worf, escort our guest to transporter room one. Too close, Number One. Brinksmanship is a dangerous game. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
No, no, Lieutenant, the advantage was yours. Come again. En garde. (This time Picard gets the winning hit) The technique of a desperate man. (Then things go blurry and) The technique of a desperate man. Picard to Bridge. Number One, did something unusual just occur on the Bridge? Here too. I'm on my way. [Bridge] (still in fencing gear) Report, Mister Data. Number One, find out if anything similar happened in this sector. Put it on. Shut it off. Mister La Forge, lay in a course on those coordinates. There is. Paul Manheim. Fifteen years ago he went off to work on experiments relating to non-linear time. It appears he may have achieved some measure of success. Speed warp eight. Engage. Mister Data. Fifteen years ago, he assembled a team of scientists to expand that research. They disappeared. Haven't been heard from since. I knew of him. He was teaching at the University when I was in Paris, but I didn't have the pleasure. I must change. Number One, inform me half an hour before we reach those co-ordinates. Keep trying to determine if the time distortion was specifically located on the Enterprise. Yes, what is it, Counsellor? That's not necessary. Go on. Yes. Please get to the point. Well, thank you for your concern. What do you suggest? Thank you, Counsellor. If I should need you further, I'll let you know. [Turbolift] (After returning to the gymnasium and cleaning his sword, he gets changed) Bridge. Belay that. Computer, estimated arrival at Pegos Minor. Holodeck three. [Outside Holodeck] Computer, this is Captain Picard. Location, Paris, Cafe des Artistes, as it appeared twenty two years ago. April the ninth, fifteen hundred hours, three o'clock. Warm spring day. No. That table. I've been away far too long. I'm not very hungry. I really came for the view. Perhaps not. It was many years ago, I had a rendezvous. I was to meet someone. Someone here, at this very table. Actually, I don't know. I always imagined that she did. No. No. Yes, you do, somewhat. Maybe you did nothing. Maybe he had no choice. Maybe he was afraid. Oh, of being connected, rooted. Perhaps if he's as young as you are, he doesn't know yet exactly what he wants to do. Maybe. Enough of this self-indulgence. Exit. [Bridge] Hiccup? How so, Data? That's enough, Data. Have you been able to learn more specifics about the Manheim project? Set course for the new coordinates, Mister La Forge. Hopefully he'll tell us, Number One. (Later) Standard orbit, Mister La Forge. Give me a visual. Penetrable? Open hailing frequencies. This is Captain. This is the Captain of the USS Enterprise responding to your signal for help. We're in orbit around Vandor now. Can you lock on to her coordinates? There is a force field at your location. Good. But it is preventing us from helping you. Now, you must find some way to shut it down. Good. Lock onto their coordinates. Beam them up directly to Sickbay. Doctor Crusher, prepare for a Medical Emergency. Two to beam directly up to Sickbay. That's where I'll be. Number One. Mister Data. [Sickbay] (A woman and a shaking man materialise on the floor) Er, I, er. Hello. This is my First Officer, Commander William Riker. Lieutenant Commander Data. This is Jenice Manheim. I have a number of questions for you. Why don't we sit down? [Doctor's office] You said there were only two of you left. What happened to the rest of the crew? Yes. What is emanating here is having repercussions light years away, maybe even further. Did your husband ever attempt to define these dimensions, give you an idea of what he expected? Did he anticipate that these experiments might be dangerous? Ah, and that's why you weren't affected. Yes, I believe that. Nor I you. Not exactly. Nothing works just as you hope. If you can't tell us any more, I need to send a team down to the lab. She's an old friend. What's the prognosis? Can we talk to him? Bridge. In the past decade, Manheim has turned some vague theories into a practical application. It's us before we stepped into the turbolift. Bridge. [Ready room] What have you learned? How is the energy being used. What's it's source? What about the defence system Mrs. Manheim spoke of? Prepare your team. Bring them back. Now. Chief Herbert, what's going on? [Transporter room] Keep trying. [Transporter room] (Riker and Data materialise, Worf a few seconds later) Doctor Manheim, I'm Captain Picard. We need your help. The situation is not good. What do we do? How do we stop it? Doctor, this is Lieutenant Commander Data. Will you explain the situation to him? The time distortion we felt. How do we bypass the security system? We have to. If we don't seal that hole, this other dimension he's opened will rip into the fabric of the galaxy. Reality as we perceive it will not be the same. Lieutenant Worf. I want those codes that Manheim gave Mister Data rechecked and then checked again. No one is beaming down to Vandor unless we can be reasonably sure they can get through. You're not intruding. We're just finished. Come in. Thank you. (Riker, Data and Worf leave) No, not under these circumstances. Yes, we do. I was afraid. What? Oh, you want me to lie? Oh, I got the days confused. I thought it was Tuesday when it was Wednesday. I went to the Cafe Moulin instead of the Cafe des Artistes. It was fear. Fear of seeing you, losing my resolve. Fear of staying, losing myself. Fear that neither of these choices was right, and that, and that either would have Each time that I returned to Earth, my thoughts were filled with you. Which was? You're wonderful. And am I that transparent? How soon, Mister Data? On my way, Doctor. [Sickbay] You asked for me. Thank you. I'll tell them to be cautious. Doctor Manheim, I did not come here to discuss your wife. Of course. You underestimate her. I know, because I once did. [Corridor] Where we are, where we were, and where we will be. Data, I want this to be an away team of one. You. I don't think there's any reason to risk anyone else. Indispensable is the appropriate word. I think it should be only you because you seem more able to control the effects of the time distortion. Well, I want you to put a stitch in time and, er, save much more than nine. If other members of the away team became disoriented, it could create additional problems and perhaps increase the danger. Good luck, Data. [Transporter room] Picard. Maintain an open frequency, Mister Data. Mister Data, what's going on? [Vandor corridor] Mister Data, this channel will remain open. Please continue to report. What's the next step, Mister Data? [Laboratory] Will that plug the hole? Data, report. Are you all right? Is it closed? Patched is good enough. Well done. Beam back immediately. [Laboratory] Intact, for the most part. Yes, I can see that. I'm sure the Federation will want to help in any way that it can. I wanted to say goodbye properly this time. I shall always picture you here. (They toast each other) I'll do my best. And you. Is anything wrong? Then set course for Sarona Eight. As I remember we were on our way for some much needed shore leave. Warp five. Engage. It's called the Blue Parrot Cafe, (to Troi) and you're buying. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Go ahead, Mister Data. Acknowledged. Mister Worf, advise Beta Agni Two that our departure is imminent. On viewer. Hail the Jovis. I want to speak with Kivas Fajo. On viewer. It's unclear. We're running a full analysis. No. Mister Fajo, I would like to analyse your sensor readings of the explosion. Perhaps, but I don't want to leave any avenue unexplored. How much hytritium did we manage to bring on board? Mister Fajo, I realise we have acquired your complete supply of hytritium. Do you know where we could obtain some more? Mister Fajo, thank you for your help. (transmission ends) Mister Crusher, set a course for the Beta Agni Two system, warp six. Thank you, Number One. Engage. [Fajo's den] (It's a large, clean room with ornamentation arranged on display around the walls and a red circular seat in the middle. The rigid Data is currently laid across it. He suddenly reboots and sits up. His communicator is gone) I know it's hard to accept, but even the best What are you suggesting, Lieutenant? I'm sure you have done a complete investigation, and if you wish to continue it, of course you have my support. But we shall be reaching the Beta Agni system shortly, and I expect you to be rested. Dismissed. Geordi, I understand how much we want, even need, to explain an accident like this. Sometimes there just aren't any explanations. (La Forge leaves) We must select an officer to replace Data at Ops. Recommendations? Mine as well. Make it so. (Picard opens the copy of Shakespeare that has been returned to him at Data's bookmark. It's Hamlet, Act 1, Scene 2) (reading) He was a man, taken for all in all. I shall not look upon his like again. [Fajo's den] (Data is feeding the lapling when Fajo enters) Go ahead, Commander. Mister Crusher, put us into close orbit. Mister Data, scan. My apologies, Mister Worf. Scan the colony's subsurface water. Any indication of the source? Launch probe. Specify. Computer, report on geologic instability on Beta Agni Two. Number One, perhaps you'd better take an away team down and have a closer look. You're suggesting he created the problem just to solve it? Computer, biographical file on trader Kivas Fajo. Computer, that is sufficient. Mister Crusher. Set course for the site of the shuttlepod explosion. Warp eight. He's a trader. He doesn't attract customers by being hard to find. Make it so. [Fajo's den] (Data is trying to get into the wall safe when -) Mister Crusher, new coordinates. Lay in a course for Lya Four.
Unless it's followed by? And the inverted T means to hold the Z. Unless it's followed by three wavy lines, in which case the Z becomes a B. What a language. I spell knife with an N. But then, I never could spell. My mind is barely working. No, no. I want to go over this again. Dixon Hill. Earth, United States, San Francisco, California. 1941, A.D. File Dixon Hill, private detective. I'm sorry, I don't understand. The uniform. It's totally inappropriate. I should have changed. I lost a bet. Halloween? Or a lover, perhaps? Twenty dollars a day, plus expenses. I haven't said yes yet. I'll take your word for it. Remarkable. Exit. (He is just leaving the holodeck when there is a knock on the office door) You'll have to call again. I'm just leaving. I'm not dressed properly. I'll be back. (Picard leaves, the exit vanishes and the visitor enters the room) Memory, save current setting. Holodeck off. (The crew notice the red lipstick on his face as he goes along the corridor) [Observation Lounge] And when I looked down into the street, I actually saw automobiles! From that window, I could see an entire, er That's right. Sounds, Smells. That's how it felt. I'm going to go again, only this time I'm going to dress the part. Why not come with me? I want to take that twentieth century historian. Yes, Whalen. I bet he knows more about Dixon Hill than I do. Invite him, Mister Data. This is supposed to be a recreational activity. The sense of reality was absolutely incredible. When that woman kissed me, it was so Real. The subject of this meeting is the Jaradan rendezvous. Mister Riker, will you go ahead with the briefing. It's not necessary, Mister Data. Meeting adjourned. [Corridor] Ready for San Francisco, Mister Whalen? Well, if it's anything like the last time, I'm sure you won't be disappointed Well, shall we? [Street] (It has been raining, the tarmac glistens and cars sound their horns) Oh, she's fine, fine. Say Mac, I would like to buy a newspaper too, but I don't have any money. Thank you. (reads) Hitler on the move. Roosevelt presses Congress for British aid. DiMaggio streak reaches thirty seven? No he's not. He's er, he's from South America. I should have listened to her. She told me someone was trying to kill her. That would be a bit hard to explain. What for? I've told you everything I know. Oh, very good. I've read all this before, you know. It's absolutely as it should be. I've already told you that twice. Look fellas, this is no longer amusing. Actually, I do need to get out of here. That's welcome news. If I leave town, the town leaves with me. I get the feeling your friend doesn't like me. Redblock? I'll keep it in mind. Thank you for helping me. (Takes a cigarette, inhales and coughs) Soon, my friend. For the moment, I have other duties. She's a lady, all right, and her name is Enterprise. I don't know. Sometimes it almost seemed too real. I must say, you wear it well. I'm glad you could make it. Maybe we should be getting back to the Enterprise. Oh, yes, of course, so we are. Yes, of course. Why not. The holodeck makes excellent use of finite space. (The group enter) I'm very sorry, Mister Leech, but we have to be going. Call again tomorrow. That'll have to wait. Well, I suppose a few moments longer. I'm afraid I can't help you, Mister Leech. The game is over. How could this happen? Exit! Computer, exit! (nothing) Data, try the other exit in the hall. [Hall] Computer, this is the Captain! Computer, identify exit! [Bridge] Suggestions, Mister Data? I see I have no choice. I don't suppose so. Don't touch him. Data. He's not from this world. None of us are. We are from a world, we're from a world of fabulous riches. A world where there are objects far greater than the one you seek. I am not Dixon Hill. I just look like Dixon Hill. Thank you, Mister Data. Data. We don't have it. Redblock. I have the item. I'll explain. But first, tell Leech to back off. There is a price. Mister Whalen's life. You must help us to save him. [Bridge] If we can find away of getting him to our Sickbay by fixing our computer That's it. The way into our world. Oh, yes. Allow us to help Mister Whalen, and we will return with the item. Permission granted. (Data thumps the Thug, very hard) Data, pick up Whalen. Take him to Sickbay. I'll follow. You go now. (Data, Crusher and Whalen leave) I wish I could take you with me. I have to go. I honestly don't know. Good-bye my friend. [Bridge] As ready as I'll ever be, Number One. Open hailing frequencies. This is Jean-Luc Picard, Captain of the USS Enterprise. Aaaaard klaxon leeeeesss blag blan ar'nik ka'nik. Aaaaard krasulaaa. Rassss trassss trasulaaaah. It was a nice place to visit, Number One, but I wouldn't want to die there. Data! Lieutenant, take us out of orbit. And, Mister La Forge Step on it. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Is the transport still under attack? On screen. Open a channel, Mister Worf. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation starship Enterprise. Do you have injuries? Can we assist you in any way? Of course. Captain, I'm losing you. Go ahead and beam your passengers on board. Counsellor, after you've seen to their needs will you escort them to my Ready room. With all due respect. Admiral, to put the Ambassador on board another unarmed transport would be to invite a second assault. Picard to Commander Riker. Set a course for Seronia. You wanted to see me, Doctor? What are you suggesting? Do you suspect that her death poses some kind of threat to the Enterprise? Then we have no alternative but to concur with his wishes. [Gymnasium] (Troi is doing Klingon Tai-chi when she looks at herself in the mirror, and starts caressing herself) [Alkar's quarters] But I was under the impression there was a cease fire agreement. Ambassador, the situation sounds so volatile. Perhaps a cooling off period? Then I would recommend that we ask both sides if they would agree to meet in the city of Darthen. It's a coastal city that has been neutral throughout the conflict. Both Seronians and Rekag loyalists live there. It might be acceptable as a compromise. Ambassador, I came to alert you that the Rekags and the Seronians are in disagreement about the seating arrangements at the conference table. The good news, however, is that the cease fire seems to be holding. Chief. (Troi enters, looking even older) Deanna? Security to Transporter room two. It's nothing, it's superficial. What happened to Deanna? No. You should proceed with your mission. Chief, transport them to the planet surface. It's a little stiff, but it'll be fine. Could Deanna have picked up some kind of disease from her? Picard to Lieutenant Worf. Mister Worf, contact Ambassador Alkar. I need to speak with him. Proceed with the autopsy. Medical log, stardate 46075.1. I have performed an autopsy on Alkar's mother, but instead of answering our questions, the results have created an even deeper mystery. [Ready room] But how could that be? We both saw the woman. Picard to Lieutenant Worf. Meet me in Transporter room two. We're going down to the surface. And she wasn't ninety three years old. Yes, for a very good reason. Counsellor Deanna Troi is in Sickbay, dying. Doctor Crusher doesn't know the cause of her condition, but I believe you do. Alkar Is this what you've done to Counsellor Troi? So then you deliberately used Deanna. Receptacles? You cannot explain away a wantonly immoral act because you think it is connected to some higher purpose. That does not justify brutalising her, nor any of the others you have used. Do you think that makes you appear courageous? Because you're mistaken. You're a coward, Alkar. You exploit the innocent because you're unwilling to shoulder the burdens of unpleasant emotions. Well, this time you will be held accountable. I'm taking you back to the Enterprise to release Counsellor Troi. Mister Worf. (Guards take Worf's phaser) Lock on to Alkar's signal. Bring him on board. Then work with Mister La Forge to find a way to break through it. I want that man on this ship. I'll be in Sickbay. [Sickbay] He has no intention of stopping. He feels perfectly justified in using her until she dies. If Deanna dies, and he breaks the link with her, then he will choose someone else, possibly someone from his own delegation. We must bear in mind that we'll be putting his next victim at risk. I want every possible security measure taken to protect that person. Proceed, Doctor. [Conference chambers anteroom] (the delegates are gathered together) Enterprise to Ambassador Alkar. Respond, sir. Ambassador, You must return to the Enterprise immediately. Counsellor Troi is dying. [Conference chambers anteroom] We are prepared to transport you from the surface whether you come willingly or not. They won't protect you any longer. [Bridge] Transporter room two, prepare to energise. [Conference chambers anteroom] I intend to make certain that you answer for what you have done. Picard to Transporter Room Two lock on to the young woman in Ambassador Alkar's quarters. We may have to transport her out of there. Mister Worf, I want you to station yourself outside her quarters. Picard to Transporter room three Picard to Transporter room three, energise. [Alkar's quarters] (an aging Alkar has grabbed Liva)
On our way. You have the helm, Mister Data. [Turbolift] Cargo One. This should be an interesting experience. It's their way, Lieutenant. Do they have our coordinates? This is Captain Picard aboard the Starfleet vessel Enterprise. Please do us the honour of visiting our vessel. (Five people beam aboard. One rolls out a red carpet, then stands aside as an imposing man beams in) Captain Jean-Luc Picard. Welcome aboard. These are my officers. My second in command, Commander William Riker. Ship's Counsellor, Deanna Troi. And my Security Officer, Lieutenant Natasha Yar. Yes, Lutan, that is her expertise. Absolutely not. This vaccine sample is a gift of life and we are honoured at receiving it. Would you do us the additional honour of now letting us entertain you? Lutan, we are aware of many of your planet's achievements, and its unique similarity to an ancient Earth culture we all admire. On behalf of the Federation, therefore, I would like to present this token of our gratitude and friendship. From China's Sung Dynasty, Fourteenth Century. Ah, yes, indeed. If you require respect from us, I am sure that you will see it. If there is something else, any further courtesy? And used for many other things too. Commander Riker, perhaps you and Counsellor Troi will demonstrate. Very well. Understanding has made friends of many different people. We've had a good beginning, Lutan. Picard to Bridge. Red alert. [Bridge] What comm. contact have we had with them? Make contact there and on all hailing frequencies. This is the Enterprise to Lutan and the Ligonian government. You have committed an unfriendly act. We insist that you reply immediately. Set them for a display blast a thousand metres short of the planet's surface. Fire. This is Captain Picard of the Enterprise with a message to Lutan, whom I have so far acknowledged as a friend. But you have now committed what our laws regard as an attack upon us. Since you have visited our vessel, you most certainly know the power of it. We insist that you reply to this message. Opinion, Counsellor. Will they injure Lieutenant Yar? Other comments? Yes, Doctor? You were testing if you can replicate the vaccine. I'm aware of that, Doctor. That's true. But I have seen my share of death. Perhaps the good ones never get them. What? Oh, yes. Alright. Well, yes, speaking as a mother. Wesley? No. Why don't you sit at Ops next to Lieutenant La Forge. Is the whole ship deaf?! Sit down over there, young man. Temporarily. Excuse me. Doctor Crusher, some of this may interest you. Lets hear the analysis. Mister Data, the French language for centuries on Earth represented civilisation. Well, Lutan, what do you want? What is required is an image of Lieutenant Yar, well and Ask for her? And now, Lutan, you have boldly taken Lieutenant Yar from us, and we ask that you now please return her. Lutan is a fortunate man. You've met Counsellor Troi. Then, sir, the courtesy of seeing Lieutenant Yar. I'd like to see her now. Such as the politeness of saying please before abducting someone? Yours is a different world. Have you been treated well, Lieutenant? My ship's company and I are certain of your gentle wisdom in that. Something to be carefully avoided. I agree. Until tonight, Lutan. (A juggler is entertaining them when Tasha enters with her guard. She is seated at Lutan's left, with Yareena at his right) Lutan, you have granted us hospitality and the safety of your Centreplace]. The gifts you give us are rare and precious. We thank you. And now, according with the customs of your ancestors, whom we honour and respect, I am here in peace to ask for the return of Lieutenant Yar. You speak of a code of honour, but what you are saying now, according to our customs, is called an act of war. No! The challenge is unequivocally refused! Did you have any idea, Lieutenant, that Lutan was suddenly going to announce that he wanted you for his First One? Tell me what you know about this? We're all being manipulated, Lieutenant, myself most of all. That thought had passed through my mind, Counsellor. [Bridge] If anything, even worse than we'd heard. You have nothing to prove anything here, Lieutenant. Counsellor, you're the last person I'd expect to argue in favour of accepting the challenge. The odds are. I want some explanations from Lutan. [Centreplace] It's a great pity you began by abducting my Security Officer, Lutan, because I should tell you I do admire the hospitality you offer here. Some of it I do understand. She is a rather lovely female. Nothing. Well, almost nothing in my position of ship's Captain. But it puzzles me. If you feel that way for Tasha, why have you challenged her to a fight to the death? Ah, but you are also a man of great importance and wealth. Ah, I see. You, too, understand the proper value of women. You are a truly clever person, Lutan. You stand to lose nothing, either way the challenge goes. I will order Lieutenant Yar to fight. And may your cloak bring you all you deserve. [Geordi's Quarters] (Geordi has his Visor off, and is using an electric shaver) Lock in on this location. Energise. (Geordi and Data arrive, behind the water feature, in front of a wall decorated with weapons) You've both seen the message about the plague? We need to know as much as possible about Ligonian armaments. Data, especially important is an analysis of their combat capabilities. Geordi, concentrate on their cutting edges, wherever applicable, durability, composition, weaknesses of material. From the perspective of Lieutenant Yar using them in combat with Lutan's wife. And that won't be known until combat begins. You're right, Data. It does sound like a joke. With the power of the Enterprise, we could overwhelm this place easily, just take what we want. Which means, of course That is, ironically, what this is about. By our standards, the customs here, their code of honour, is the same kind of pompous, strutting charades that endangered our own species a few centuries ago. We evolved out of it because no one else imposed their own. I'm sorry, this is becoming a speech. Not entitled to ramble on about something everyone knows. Carry on. Ship's log, Commander William Riker reporting. Continuing our appraisal of Ligonian technology. The Captain has made it clear he wants Lieutenant Yar beamed immediately to safety if her life should become endangered, and I fervently hope the rules of that contest make it possible. [Bridge] Then help me, please. What is a way out of this? Poison? What about those lengths of metal in the yard outside? Thank you, Data. Go ahead, Riker. We're alone. Thank you, Number One. Lieutenant, do you still feel that you want to go through with this challenge? Do you judge your condition good? Stay alive. We'll hope to do the rest. (Yareena enters) Exactly what do you find unfair, Lutan? They fought to the death. You saw the final blow. You know the effects of your poison. I certainly won't stop her, if she cares to claim that honour. Picard here. No problem, Number One. Send down a medical team. Five to beam up. Energise. First Officer's log, Stardate 41235.6. I am returning the conn to Captain Picard as we begin loading the vaccine supply aboard. Shortly, we hope to signal mission complete. [Bridge] (Picard, Troi, Lutan and Hagon enter) This way, gentlemen. [Observation Lounge] (Tasha and Beverly are there with Yareena) The challenge was carried out. She died, Lutan. Lutan, we can provide you with records of her death and how Doctor Crusher brought her back. What? Wesley. Well, thanks again for manning one of our bridge stations, Wesley. We'll see that you have another chance. So what's the delay, Number One? Why aren't we warping out of here?
I thought you might find this interesting, Mister Crusher. Few humans have ever seen an Antedean in the flesh. (Two aliens and a barrel are beamed aboard) Welcome. I'm Jean-Luc Picard, Captain of the Enterprise. Yes. This is their preferred way of space travel. It is a self-induced catatonic state. Their way of dealing with the trauma of spaceflight. No, not until we reach the Pacifica conference, three days from now. Doctor, have you prepared a Sickbay facility to accommodate our guests? Mister Worf, provide security. Your point is well taken, Mister Data. I'm sure that to the Antedeans, we are equally unattractive. What's the problem? It will be pleasant to have her as a guest of the Enterprise again. Energise. (Lwaxana arrives sitting down, back to us) Explain to her. It would be hard to forget Mister Homn. I will not interfere with Homn's duties this time. Well, I trust you will be comfortable here. If you will excuse me. It sounds delightful. (Picard leaves) Gentlemen. I think we must not lose sight of the fact that we're talking about someone who has been granted ambassadorial rank. Even though she may appear somewhat eccentric, Lwaxana Troi must be treated with the appropriate respect. Is that understood? Picard to Pulaski. When did you last time you look in on the Antedean guests? [Transporter room] Are they still catatonic? Understood. Keep me informed. Picard out. I'll be in my quarters. It will be a dress uniform dinner, gentlemen. Doctor? You're not attending the dinner with the rest of us this evening? I seem to be a little early. I'm sure the others will be here soon. The other officers? Commander Riker? Counsellor Troi? (Homn smiles and shakes his head. The penny drops. Lwaxana is in the doorway, low cut dress and low pitched voice) Speaking on behalf of men of Earth, which is indeed an awesome responsibility, I thank you. You do? Well, actually, I wasn't The fact is, I wasn't expecting this setting. I had assumed that my senior Bridge officers would be attending. Of course, you're giving thanks for your food. I'd forgotten about that. I wonder how many other cultures have similar customs. Well, let's find out. Commander Data? Mrs. Troi and I are having a very interesting discussion about various societies' ways of giving thanks. The Betazoid use of the chime, for instance. Data, this is fascinating. Don't you agree, Mrs. Troi? Commander, if your duties permit, why don't you join us for dessert? I'm sure that Mrs. Troi would much appreciate the pleasure of your company. Because of Data's wonderful after-dinner conversation. His anecdotes are the stuff of legends aboard this ship. (later) Fascinating, Data, absolutely fascinating. I'm sure Mrs. Troi would love to hear the one about the anomalous chemical composition of brown dwarf stars. No, I must, as a matter of fact, be getting back to the Bridge. Well, thank you for a delicious meal. We must do this again sometime. Data, you will never know just how much I owe you for that. Data. Later. I was what? I tell you, Deanna, for a telepath, your mother's accuracy leaves much to be desired. Don't misunderstand me, Counsellor. Your mother is a beautiful person, I'm not amused, Number One. There must be some way to convince her that it's quite impossible, without offending her. Well, under the circumstances, I think it would be prudent if I were to make myself less available for the duration of this journey. Setting, San Francisco California, United States Of America. The year, 1945 A.D. The office of Dixon Hill, Private Investigator. Madeline. Good to see you again. New cases? The geetas? Then I suppose I had better get a case. Excuse me. (turns off the radio) What can I do for you, Mister Bender? You'll have to be a little more precise. Did I find her? I'm sorry to hear that. And what are you here to do? Ask for a refund? Computer, freeze programme. Computer, this isn't what I wanted at all. It's much to violent. I'm here to relax, not to dodge bullets. Reconfigure. More ambience. Less substance. I will continue. Thank you, Madeline. That's what it says on my door. Computer, freeze programme. Clear. Computer, this still isn't right. One kind of violence is being substituted for another. Reconfigure. Thank you. (Slade bursts in with a machine gun) Computer, freeze programme! Variations on a theme. Computer, perhaps I am not clearly defining my intent. Yes. Of course. [Transporter room] So, Madeline, I'll see you later. Activate programme. Rex's bar? Why do you ask? That sounds like an excellent idea. Would you care to join me? Why not? Is that a problem? Why? Actually, the Second World War, although disastrous, did end with the United States taking its place as a dominant world power and cultural influence in the second half of the twentieth century. Additionally, that war was a catalyst of technological advancement. Developments in rocketry and fission resonate on into the twenty fourth century. What's this? Ah, now let me see. That would be Scotch, neat. Money. I keep forgetting the need to carry money. I must remember not to let this happen again. Is that why you wanted to see me, about my bar bill? Jimmy Cuzzo. I know that name. What was the name of that case he was involved in? The Parrot's Claw. So you brought me here because you didn't want to face him alone. And if it doesn't? You said you had responsibilities. What exactly did you mean? Call me Dix. Then it's time for me to go. I'll be back before Jimmy Cuzzo arrives. I guarantee it will be taken care of. Just relax. Oh, yes, of course. One more round. These are my associates. This is Nails, from Chicago. And this is From South America. This is Madeline, my secretary, and I want you to meet Rex. You know, I don't think I ever heard your last name? I don't suppose you have. That's because I think it would be only fair. But let's allow her the moment. [Sickbay] Go ahead, Doctor. Understood. What's their condition? [Sickbay] Are you coming, Mrs. Troi? Mrs. Troi, your government expects us to deliver you to the conference on time, and that's what I intend to do. Mrs. Troi, there is something you ought to know about Rex. Mister Worf, take them to level five. Disarm them. Hold them for questioning. Goodbye Mrs. Troi, and thank you. Energise, Chief O'Brien.
It's in a state of total anarchy. When the Prime Minister was assassinated, a Federation research team was on the planet. It's believed that they were forced into hiding. Your mission will be to locate and to evacuate them. There are no local authorities. The government is splintered. It seems that there are various factions vying for power. They're desperate for weapons or technology of any kind. Apparently, some of the factions have resorted to torture to gather their information. Well, a Starfleet research team would be a prime target. Agreed. Mister Worf is ready to give you a detailed briefing on Tilonian culture. Oh no, no, there'll be plenty of time for that. We don't arriving at Tilonus for another five days. And besides, if you back out, she'll come after me to play the part. [Observation lounge] (a map is on the wall monitor) It was cold and dark because I was outdoors at night. I was in a narrow place. I was walking through an alley. Someone must have followed me into the alley. That's why I started to walk faster. Someone grabbed me from behind. Three. Humanoid. I only saw the face of one of them. We're your colleagues. You can trust us. Everything will be all right Will, please. Number One, do you remember what happened? You were abducted during the mission to Tilonus Four. You were put into a psychiatric hospital. It appears that he's involved with one of the rival factions. We believe that he is responsible for what happened to you. What are you doing, Will? But what if it isn't a fantasy? Are you willing to take that chance? Evidently, you were abducted two days after beaming to the surface. We believe that they were trying to extract strategic information from your memory using a neurosomatic technique. You should get some rest. We can talk some more tomorrow.
Report. On screen. Open a channel. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard Isolate the bandwidth. Let the signal through the shields. (the image of a Ferengi appears) Bok! Mister Worf, put a tractor beam on that probe. Determine if it's safe to beam it aboard. I want to know where it came from. Mister Data, see if there is any mention of a Jason Vigo in Federation records. You might start with Miranda Vigo. She was born on New Gaul about fifty years ago. Number One, contact the Ferengi Government. Find out all you can about Bok. He was wearing a DaiMon's uniform. If he's regained his rank, I want to know why. [Ready room] Come. How old is the boy now? Picard to Bridge. Set a course for the Camor system, warp five. Will, I do appreciate your not asking, but I do think that you have a right to know. There is a possibility that the boy is my son. I was involved with his mother for a short time about twenty four years ago. We met through a friend when I was on shore leave on Earth. It was all very romantic, very intense, probably because we both knew I would be leaving in two weeks. And we kept in touch for a while, but we never managed to get together again. No, so either Bok is wrong and I'm not the father, or Miranda decided to raise the child alone, which quite frankly wouldn't surprise me. She was very independent, very strong willed. But whether he's my son or not, he's in danger. Bok tried to kill me six years ago, and I don't doubt he will try to make good his threat against the boy. [Bridge] (at the science station) What about his mother? Miranda was trained as a botanist. She always used to talk about running a farm one day. Maybe we should concentrate on the agricultural areas. There cannot be many non-Camorites among them. Scan for human life signs. What about males? That's seven. You said there were eight. Male or female? Unless he were forced to. Relay his coordinates to the transporter room. Have them beam him aboard. That's right. I'm Captain Picard. Jean-Luc Picard. We thought you were at risk. Are you Jason Vigo? In a manner of speaking. Someone has made a threat against his life. Jason, I'm an old friend of your mother's. I'm here because you're in danger. The person who has made the threat is under the impression that you are my son. I don't know. Maybe we should contact her. Oh, I'm sorry. Jason, I think it's important that we find out one way or another. Would you be willing to permit a genetic test? I doubt it. What were you doing in the caves, Jason? Are you a seismologist? Without an antigrav harness? So, what do you do? I see. Oh, theses are archaeological fragments that I've collected over the years. This is a Silvan glyph stone. And this, this is a Gorlan prayer stick. It's really quite rare. Not really. Only to students of archaeology such as myself. Though I did have to hand over a bottle of very old Saurian brandy for it. Perhaps, but it's of value to me nonetheless. Would you like some tea? Something else? Tea, Earl Grey, hot. I'm sure this whole thing is as much a surprise to you as it is to me. I really want to be honest with you, Jason. I only knew your mother for a very short time. I would have liked to have known her better. It just didn't work out that way. You look a lot like her, you know. It's the eyes, I think. I would like to make one thing clear, Jason. Your mother never told me about you. If she had, I would have been part of your life. I think it would be better if you stayed on board the Enterprise until we have resolved this situation with Bok. Years ago, I was forced to destroy a starship commanded by his son. Bok apparently feels that it would be fitting vengeance to kill my son. Of course not. We are trying to locate Bok now. I want to confront him, settle this matter. I assure you there is no one more eager to put this behind us than I am. We'll get you some quarters. Jason. Your being here? I hope it will give us the chance to get to know each other. [Bridge] Understood. Put it on screen. Thank you for taking the time to talk to us, DaiMon. Yes, it concerns DaiMon Bok. But he's no longer there? I see. Do you know his whereabouts now? But that cluster consists of more than twenty star systems. Plot a course. Take us out of orbit. [Crusher's office] I think I need to talk to a parent. I'm not sure that I can tell you. He puts up so many barriers I have no idea what's underneath. Perhaps. But surely it would be wrong to force the issue. My sense is that he's a very independent young man. Perhaps it would be best if I left him alone. Let him come to me if he wants to. Security to Captain's quarters immediately. (but Bok has vanished) [Engineering] Could it have been another hologram? Bok once used a mind control device to make me hallucinate. Good. Keep me posted. (La Forge leaves) Mister Worf, I want you to assign a security detail to Jason. I am not the target of Bok's threats. Jason is. Criminal record? Trespassing? Thank you, Mister Data. [Ten Forward] (Jason is being shadowed by male and female security) Good morning. Because Bok appeared in my quarters last night. Now, it might not have been him. It may have been an image. We're investigating. That wouldn't be wise. I'm sure you have, but Bok is a dangerous creature. He has a starship, he has technology. You seem to like rock climbing. The holodeck can create some very challenging climbs. We could go down together and I could show you how to use the programme. Perhaps we could climb together. I'm probably not as skilled as you, but I'm not inexperienced. Why didn't we detect it before? On screen. Is it another holographic device? A message? Can you translate it? He's proved that he can get to us whenever he wants. Why doesn't he do something? [Ready room] (Picard leaves his desk and goes to the replicator) Tea, Earl Grey, hot. (Bok is in his chair) It's a risky game you're playing, coming here. Next time we'll be ready for you. Why don't we settle this now? It was self-defence. He fired on my ship. I didn't know that. If he'd told me I would have withdrawn. I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do to bring him back. You cannot put a price on a life. No. What do you mean degenerative? Is he going to be all right? I've been thinking about what you said the other day, and you know, I think you were right. I had convinced myself that Jason didn't want me to reach out to him. Well, I'm not sure that that is going to be enough. I've found out that Jason has a criminal record. It's nothing very serious, it's only petty theft and so forth, but I can't help feeling that if I had been part of his life then he wouldn't be so troubled now. And be patient. My understanding is that such devices were impractical. What range would that kind of transporter have? Is there any way we can keep Bok from beaming aboard the Enterprise again? If he has the ability to beam aboard, he may be able to beam someone away. I'm concerned that he may try to take Jason. Is there any way we can protect him? Make it so. Computer, where is Jason Vigo? (to security) Would you wait outside? (Rhodes and her companion leave, then Picard climbs to join Jason on a ledge) I like climbing. There's something about actually having your fate in your own hands. It looks as though we may have found out how to locate Bok's ship. This could all soon be over. I thought it would make you feel better. Jason, when your mother and I parted, I lost track of her completely. But I would like to know more about what happened to her, if you wouldn't mind telling me. Well, how did you end up on Camor? It's an unlikely place for a woman and child. Yes, that was Miranda, all right. Oh. I see. I'm so sorry. Jason, isn't there some way that I can be a father to you? My own father and I were estranged. He wanted me to stay home and tend the vineyards and I wanted to join Starfleet. And he died before we could come to terms with that. And I've regretted that all of my life. I don't want the same thing to happen to you and me. You're so wrong. I know. Oh, yes, I know all about your troubles with the Camor authorities. It doesn't make any difference, Jason. You're still my son. And, like it or not, I'm your father. I don't know what that means, but it means something. There's some connection. But one thing is clear. You'll never look at your hairline again in the same way. [Crusher's office] You wanted to see me. Picard here. Have you been able to locate Bok's ship? Put it on screen. Plot a course. Maximum warp. The modifications you made to the transporter. Is there any way we could use a subspace transport from here to get me onto Bok's ship? I'll take that as a yes. You're with me. [Transporter room] (standing with phaser drawn) We'll deal with that when the time comes. Understood. Lower your weapons or Bok is dead. You know as well as I do, Bok, he's not my son. I know what you've done. Miranda Vigo is his mother but I am not his father. You made it appear so because you resequenced his DNA. But your technique was flawed. He developed a neurological disorder. When my ship's Doctor investigated it, she discovered what you had done. There never was a ransom. All he was ever interested in was vengeance. He's not a DaiMon. He was stripped of command. He lied to you so that you would help him in his plan. The Enterprise is closing in on your position. If you let the two of us go, they won't attack you. They will cripple your vessel and keep you here until the Ferengi authorities arrive. You've got a lot deal of explaining to do. Your only hope is to turn Bok over to them and tell them that he deceived you. (Tol disarms Bok) I'm glad to hear it. Are you sure that you wouldn't like to stay on board the Enterprise for a few more days? I understand. [Transporter room] I will. I put a little something into your bag while you were packing. (the Gorlan Prayer stick) I know you'd probably have preferred a bottle of Saurian brandy, but that's all I could come up with. I want you to have it. (they shake hands and Jason gets on the pad) Energise. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
With reason. Both. I think it is perhaps best to be ignorant of certain elements of Klingon psyche. [Holodeck] (A jungle, with ruins. Riker and Worf are unarmed and moving very cautiously. Worf goes ahead to find his armoured gauntlet) On screen. I can't see anything. Magnify section two eight five. We're acquainted with the wormhole phenomenon, but this? This appears quite different. What do your sensors indicate? Mister Data, you must mean it's empty of matter. There's always some energy form at work. That is hardly a scientific observation, Commander. Counsellor? Indeed. I believe we have time to take a closer look, Number One. Scanning and recording as we go. Let's launch a probe into it. This is close enough, Ensign. Hold this position. Data, what happened? Why? Explain. Mister Worf, this starship operates best when my officers share with me what is their minds. Mister Worf, will you launch another probe. This time a Class One with full sensor array. Negative. Make it so, Mister Crusher. Thrusters only. Mister Data? Number One? All right, that's enough, Ensign. Come to full stop and hold these coordinates. Data? It enveloped us. It moved. All stations, report. Let's hold this position for a while, Number One. This is worth studying. And that the sun revolved around it. Beyond this place there be dragons. It's even said that crews threatened to hang their captain from the yard arm if he refused to turn back. How comforting, Number One. Hello, Doctor. Have you been briefed on what's happened? I wish I could say I did. Increase magnification by ten. By one hundred. Commander Data knows precisely what he is doing. Engineering! Lieutenant, are all your systems functioning? Thank you, Lieutenant. Data? Speculate. For a later discussion. Number One, I think we should get on with our mission. Starfleet can send a science vessel back to investigate further. Move us back out of here. Lieutenant La Forge, I'd like you to Are the engines operating normally? We're increasing to warp two. We should be seeing stars by now. Data, how far have we come? Ensign? Full stop, helm. According to this we're already well past the point at which we entered the void. Make it so, Data. Lock onto the beacon. Keep it dead astern. Dead ahead. Impulse power. Engineering, report. Prepare to increase to warp two. (the bell gets further away) Identify. Full stop. Hold this position again. Perhaps some answers at last. On screen. Hold for my orders. Warn them we'll return fire. Fire torpedoes. (A single torpedo blows the warbird to atoms) Oh, that was too easy. On screen. Magnify. Open a hailing frequency, Data. Make a full scan. Data, can we be getting a false reading? I'm not anything now, Number One. I'm just a man who's looking for answers. Granted. Minimum complement. Number One, come in. Transporter Room, this is the Captain. We are out of contact with the away team. Beam them back immediately. [Transporter room] Transporter room, have you been able to establish a lock? (The lights dim) Initiate full check, all systems. Granted. [USS Yamato corridor] On screen. Transporter room, do you have a fix on the away team? Damn. [USS Yamato Bridge] (Another door also leads to another Bridge) DATA, lock on to the Yamato with a tractor beam. We leave together. Let it go. Let it go. Beam them back immediately. Transporter room, hurry! Are you all right, Number One? Engage. What? All right. Set a course for those stars, warp six. All stop. Yes, Mister Data, I can see it. Let's just hold this position. Counsellor? You have said you sensed no intelligence in all of this. You haven't changed in that belief? Perhaps a different level of consciousness? Explain. Are you suggesting that we're in some kind of laboratory? I've had enough of being led about this way. I am Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise. representing a Federation of planets in this part of the galaxy. Can you identify whoever or whatever you are? We still have no idea what you represent. It is the way in which we propagate our species. Whatever you are, your actions are not welcome. What information do you want? I don't understand the question. We cannot allow you to do that! We will fight you. Is there any reason for not believing this Nagilum? Agreed. Under the circumstances, I think there is only one decision. I will not stand by while half of my crew is slaughtered. Yes, there is Destroy the Enterprise. Initiate auto-destruct sequence. Stand by. Interesting question. How long to prepare to die? Initiate auto-destruct. Interval, twenty minutes. Come. (Troi enters) You didn't mention you were that certain. Yes. Come in, please. (Data enters) Yes, Data. What is it? Oh, is that all? Well, Data, you're asking probably the most difficult of all questions. Some see it as a changing into an indestructible form, forever unchanging. They believe that the purpose of the entire universe is to then maintain that form in an Earth-like garden which will give delight and pleasure through all eternity. On the other hand, there are those who hold to the idea of our blinking into nothingness, with all our experiences, hopes and dreams merely a delusion. Considering the marvellous complexity of our universe, its clockwork perfection, its balances of this against that, matter, energy, gravitation, time, dimension, I believe that our existence must be more than either of these philosophies. That what we are goes beyond Euclidian and other practical measuring systems and that our existence is part of a reality beyond what we understand now as reality. Yes. This is very wrong. Neither of you should be reacting in this way. Computer, locate Commander Data for me. It's not going to work, Nagilum. (Troi and Data vanish) Hold, Number One. Hold. [Bridge] Mister Crusher, any heading, warp six. Now! It could all be part of the illusion. Commander Data, report. Counsellor Troi? Abort auto-destruct sequence. A simple yes would have sufficed, Number One. Of course. You have the Bridge. Well, Nagilum, I hope you got what you needed. Why did you release us? You could have seen the way we face death. I'm not interested. During this period, you too have been evaluated. It would seem that we have at least one thing in common. Curiosity. Then perhaps we'll meet again. But next time, it will be out here, among the stars. [Bridge] Ensign, put us back on course. Warp three.
Commander Riker. Would you join me on the bridge, please. Are you certain, Mister Worf? It's too close to be a coincidence. Mister La Forge? Would a delay of one hour affect your plans? [Engineering] Thank you, Mister Data. [Bridge] Ensign, bring the ship about. Let's take a look at Mister Worf's distortion. The Lieutenant's sensors detected a temporal distortion almost in our current course. There's a small object back there that wasn't there a few moments ago. Full stop, Ensign. On screen. Lifesigns? Try hailing it. Yes, Mister Worf? Reply that the Enterprise isn't going anywhere, Lieutenant. What are you trying to tell me? (and as Picard walks back towards Worf a figure appears where he was standing) Who are you? Really? Where exactly do you come from? Exactly what kind of historian are you? You can't expect me to believe that the layout of my ready room can possibly be of interest to future historians. You flatter me Professor, but I can't help but wonder what could possibly have caused you to select me as the subject of your study. Even in this decade, there are far wiser and more experienced humans in and out of Starfleet. I realise that it's difficult, but we must keep to ourselves questions regarding the future. Go on, Professor. Mister Data, would you escort the Professor to his quarters. You know everything I do, Will. He is human. The medical scans have proved that, right, Doctor? And there was a temporal distortion back there, correct Mister Worf? And no one can deny that ship of his is unlike anything we've ever seen before. Mister Worf, I do appreciate your caution. I share it. Bring his vessel into the shuttlebay. Place it under guard. I realise that this visit is going to be difficult for some of us, but I've examined his credentials, and everything seems to be in order, so I think we should extend to him every courtesy. Including questionnaires, Mister Worf. [Turbolift] (Rasmussen is peering closely at Data) We've located three underground pockets of carbon dioxide, here, here and here. Our drilling phasers can release enough of the gas to form an envelope which would temporarily hold in the heat of the sun. I'll notify Doctor Moseley. Good luck, Geordi. We're glad to be of help, Doctor. The Enterprise will remain in orbit and continue to monitor your progress. Picard out. Ensign, return to synchronous orbit. What kind of questions did he have for you, Number One? Location? Is La Forge still down there? Find him. Magnify. Are you all right? On screen. What about the dust? The mantle is collapsing where the pressure was released. Sort them out, Commander. And look what we've done. [Data's quarters] (Rasmussen walks into a cacophony of sound) The good news. That would be like striking a spark in a gas-filled room. Turn the Enterprise into a lightning rod? And the bad news? Meaning? Come. (Rasmussen enters) I imagine you know why I've asked you here. I'm faced with a dilemma. There is a planet beneath us which is slowly turning to ice, and unless we do something about it, I'm told that in a matter of weeks thousands, maybe tens of thousands, will die. Yes, it would. It would be quite a shame. Commander La Forge has a possible solution. The margins of error are extremely critical, but if successful, there'll be no more threat. Every living thing on the planet will perish. Not if you were to help me. Oh no, I'm not. Everything that Starfleet stands for, everything that I have ever believed in, tells me I cannot ask you that. But at the same time, there are twenty million lives down there, and you know what happened to them. What will happen to them. Well, I've never been afraid of reevaluating my convictions, Professor, and now, I have twenty million reasons to do so. Because your presence gives me potential access to a kind of information that I've never had available to me before, and if I am to re-examine my beliefs, then I must take advantage of every possible asset. It would be irresponsible of me not to ask you here. How can you be? How can you be comfortable watching people die? Yes, Professor, I know. What if one of those lives I save down there is a child who grows up to be the next Adolf Hitler or Khan Singh? Every first year philosophy student have been asked that question ever since the earliest wormholes were discovered. But this is not a class in temporal logic. It's not theoretical, it's not hypothetical, it's real. Surely you see that? I have two choices. Either way, one version of history or another will wend its way forward. The history you know or another one. Now who is to say which is better? What I do know is here, today, one way, millions of lives could be saved. Now isn't that incentive enough? Of course, you know of the Prime Directive, which tells us that we have no right to interfere with the natural evolution of alien worlds. Now I have sworn to uphold it, but nevertheless I have disregarded that directive on more than one occasion because I thought it was the right thing to do. Now, if you are holding on to some temporal equivalent of that directive, then isn't it possible that you have an occasion here to make an exception, to help me to choose, because it's the right thing to do? Every choice we make allows us to manipulate the future. Do I ask Adrienne or Suzanne to the spring dance? Do I take my holiday on Corsica or on Risa? A person's life, their future, hinges on each of a thousand choices. Living is making choices. Now you ask me to believe that if I make a choice other than the one found in your history books, then your past will be irrevocably altered. Well, you know, Professor, perhaps I don't give a damn about your past, because your past is my future and as far as I'm concerned, it hasn't been written yet. How long will it take to programme the phasers, Number One? Oh, on the contrary, Professor, you were quite helpful. By refusing to assist me, you left me with the same choice I had to began with. To try or not to try, to take a risk or to play it safe. Your arguments have reminded me how precious the right to choose is. And because I've never been one to play it safe, I choose to try. Mister Data, programme the firing sequence. It's time for you return to the ship, Mister La Forge. Mister O'Brien, stand by to transport. Mister La Forge, you know better than anyone there's no guarantee this will work. If it fails Permission granted. Good luck, Commander. Mister La Forge? Report back to the ship when you're ready, Commander. Doctor, we'll stay in orbit and analyse the remaining volcanic disturbances, but the best advice would be to let them cool down on their own. I'm afraid we're going to have to take a look in your vessel. A number of objects have been discovered missing in the last two days, and if they're in your possession, then we would like them returned. Because if I order Data never to divulge what he sees in there, he won't, with the exception of anything that might belong to us. Trying to make my history unfold in a way other than it already has, eh, Professor? Now what possible incentive could anyone offer me to allow that? A pity you weren't a bit more inventive. If fewer things had disappeared, we might never have suspected you. As it was, the only stumbling block was your ship. Our sensors couldn't penetrate it. But once the door was opened, the computer was able to detect and deactivate everything you'd stolen, including this. I'm sure there are more than a few legitimate historians at Starfleet who will be quite eager to meet a human from your era. Oh, Professor. Welcome to the twenty fourth century. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
You are hereby requested and required to relinquish command of your vessel to Captain Edward Jellico, Commanding Officer USS Cairo, as of this date. Our orders are to penetrate the Celtris Three installation. (in the chamber) It's a trap. Come on! What do you want? La Barre, France. Yvette Gessard. Special operations on Celtris Three. To seek and destroy a metagenic weapon. Two. Chief Medical Officer Beverly Crusher. Lieutenant Worf. I don't know. Picard, Jean-Luc. La Barre, France. Captain's log, stardate 46360.8. The negotiations with the Cardassians have made little progress. I believe a military confrontation may be unavoidable. [Observation lounge] I demand to see a neutral representative as required by the Federation-Cardassian peace treaty. (Madred removes the blindfold and the guards leave) I know that the burial vaults of the First Hebitian civilisation are said to be magnificent. What happened to them? That war cost you hundreds of thousands of lives. It depleted your food supplies, left your population weakened and miserable and yet you risk another war. What I would like is to be returned to my ship. What is the price of that opportunity? You've injected me with drugs. Surely you must realise that I've already answered truthfully every question you've put to me. Then it seems you have more knowledge of the situation than I. (two guards come in and take hold of Picard. He struggles.) Torture is expressly forbidden by the terms of the Seldonis Four convention governing treatment of prisoners of war. (a metal piece is lowered from the ceiling, and Madred takes a knife from his desk) I've told you all that I know. I see four lights. There are four lights. I know nothing about Minos Korva. There are four lights. Your daughter is lovely. I'm surprised that you let her come in here. To expose a child to this. To someone who is suffering. To see that it is you that inflict that suffering. When children learn to devalue others, they can devalue anyone, including their parents. I know that once you were a peaceful people with a rich spiritual life. Since the military took over hundreds of thousands more have died. Her belly may be full, but her spirit will be empty. (Madred hits him) What lights? (and he gets punished for that) [Bridge] (according to quantum resonance scan 047) Sur le pont d'Avignon on y danse on y danse. At home. Sunday dinner. We would all sing afterward. What female are you referring to? What have you done to her? Lieutenant Worf? Doctor Crusher has no knowledge of any of Starfleet's plans. She's a Medical officer. Must be rewarding to you to repay others for all those years of misery. Torture has never been a reliable means of extracting information. It is ultimately self-defeating as a means of control. One wonders that it's still practiced. Whenever I look at you now, I won't see a powerful Cardassian warrior. I will see a six year old boy who is powerless to protect himself. In spite of all you've done to me, I find you a pitiable man. Ah! You called me Picard. There are four lights. (Madred uses the agoniser.) (in agony) You are six years old. Weak and helpless. You cannot hurt me. Sur le pont d'Avignon, on y danse [Shuttlebay] Still, it felt good. I don't believe you. I want to see neutral representative. What must I do? There are four lights! [Bridge] (Picard and Riker enter. Troi is still in her blue uniform but Data is back in his gold one with two pips.) Thank you. I relieve you, sir. You have the Bridge, Number One. I, er, I don't know where to begin. It was What I didn't put in the report was that at the end he gave me a choice between a life of comfort or more torture. All I had to do was to say that I could see five lights, when in fact, there were only four. No, no, but I was going to. I would have told him anything. Anything at all. But more than that, I believed that I could see five lights. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Your security status? Transporter room three, lock onto the away team, prepare to beam them back. I understand. Picard to Doctor Crusher. [Plaza] Doctor, Commander Data has informed me of your situation. Doctor, will you at least allow me to Doctor, you are endangering yourself and the away team. [Plaza] Transporter room, do you have lock on the away team? Commander Data. [Plaza] Hold your position until the Rutian medics arrive. Why her? In fact, it's more than likely that they will take good care of her, if they want to use her as a bargaining chip. You see, the Ansata separatists have been trying for generations to freed themselves from the rule of the eastern continent. If they can get the government just to acknowledge their demands, then kidnapping your mother will have served its purpose. I think that may be what they're after, but it may not. Frankly, Wesley, I don't care. My only concern is to get your mother back. Very shortly, we shall be leaving to have a meeting with the authorities. No. You have an important job to do here. If we are to free your mother, then we have to be able to trace the movements of the terrorists. I want you to work with the team that are investigating this new technology of theirs. Report to Mister Data. Dismissed. (Wesley leaves) History has shown us that strength may be useless when faced with terrorism. [Alexana's office] (The police chief's office is full of wall monitors and such like) And what exactly is Ansata policy with regard to hostages? But they could just as easily have shot her where she stood. I appreciate your help. Of course you know that is out of the question. I would like to leave Commander Riker to assist in your search for Doctor Crusher. We may be dealing with irrational people, Data. Is there a way to trace this? It sounds as though they may require the services of a doctor. [Plaza] (The waiter has been arrested) Can you estimate the number of jumps it will take? By my programme as well, Data. Yes, it can be, but I have never subscribed to the theory that political power flows from the barrel of a gun. Yes, I am aware of them. Data, these are questions that mankind has been struggling with throughout history. Your confusion is only human. [Infirmary] Go to Red alert. Sound general quarters. [Engineering] (A man jumps into the upper core area and kills an engineer) Seal off all decks. Lock on transporters to the intruder signals. Transporter room three, lock on the explosive device and energise. Begin emergency evacuation. Stand by for saucer separation, Mister La Forge, can you remove the charge from the engine core? Mister La Forge, report. [Engineering] Can you calibrate their destination? Worf went down. I don't know if he's alive or dead. And there were other casualties. Yes. He took cover. I didn't see any more than that. But you all right though? The side effects of the transport? We're getting closer to tracing their movements. Actually, it was Wesley who put us onto this dimensional jump of theirs. He has been extraordinary, Beverly. He's going to make a very fine officer. I should have beamed you up. Oh yes I would, and should. If you don't follow orders. Doctor, I will be the judge of reasonable. So the only way out is by the transporter. Or the dimensional jump. They're mad. Beverly, I don't have to remind you of the psychological impact of being a hostage. No, he's certainly not what I would expect. Without cause or reason, he and his little band of outlaws has attacked my ship! Beverly, you are arguing for a man who may have murdered your son. You have made a grave miscalculation. You have assaulted a Federation starship, killed and wounded several members of her crew, kidnapped two of her officers, and you don't expect a response? You want Federation involvement? You accuse us of cowardice while you plant bombs in shadows? He's added another chair to the negotiating table. You understand I will not cooperate with you in any way. Beverly, how dangerous would another ride through the inverter be to us? Beverly, it is our obligation to think of escape. An excellent reason to escape. Do you think you've gained his confidence? (She shows him the sketch book) Indeed you have. And more. This might prove to be an advantage to us. Have they found us? [Cavern] (There's a lot of people running around in the twilight. A klaxon is blaring) Riker! Take us out of orbit, Mister Crusher. At your convenience. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I'm Captain Picard. Welcome aboard. We hope your journey will be pleasant and comfortable. Arranging that will be my First Officer, Commander Riker. Only because their world was the first on this heading to Parliament. Is that all right? Even Parliament's peacemakers may find this case a little difficult. [Bridge] (Back in normal uniform) But do you understand the basis of all this nonsense between them? Really? Oh, yes, well these life forms feel such passionate hatred matters of custom, God concepts, even, strangely enough, economic systems On screen. Change course to make a close sensor pass. We can then increase warp speed and reach Parliament on schedule. Life form reading? Begin the pass. (The Enterprise approaches the blue cloud) Any readings of matter there? Could your Visor device have malfunctioned? Obviously you feel it's something we should look at more carefully. I love a mystery, Data, but this one will have to to wait until we deliver the delegates to their peace conference on Parliament. Time and tide, Lieutenant La Forge. Go to warp eight. Doctor Crusher? What was the diagnosis? Doctor, when such a diagnosis concerns a bridge officer, I expect a better explanation. Use Science Station two, Doctor. (That's next to where Data is working) Doctor, are you all right? Do you want someone to accompany you? (Beverly shakes her head and enters the turbolift) Data, this ship is less than a year out of Spacedock. What are the chances of this occurring? So what the hell is going on here? [Observation lounge] And you are telling me there are no explanations for these malfunctions? That was not my question, Number One. What caused the malfunctions? Yes, Mister Singh? Have you spoken with Chief Engineer Argyle about this problem? Well, I'm not satisfied. I want an explanation of this by the time we reach Parliament. By the time we reach Parliament, Mister Singh. [Antican quarters] Picard to Engineering. [Engineer's office] What is the problem? State of the art vessel? Data, signal Parliament we'll be delayed. We will send a new arrival time as soon as it is determined. All right, gentlemen, your theories on this sudden vulnerability of these systems. Gentlemen. The question is, who? I can't believe it's one of our people. Can any of you suggest any other suspects? A private consulting investigator, Data, who solves crimes. In the world of fact, probably not. However, in literature, criminal detection can be a fascinating exercise. The immortal Sherlock Holmes would have an interesting view of our mystery, I believe. Picard. Well done. Warp engines ready on previous heading. Warp factor six. [Antican quarters] Why didn't you report it? Your hypnotism revealed another form of duality? Data, let's proceed without the pipe. Yes. Very unlikely. Data, what are you suggesting? Report. I'm fine. Everything is fine now. Why the drop to impulse power, Lieutenant? Malfunctioning? You're wrong. Look again. In that case, make our heading nine two five mark three seven. You have a problem with that heading, Lieutenant? Isn't that what I ordered? That energy cloud, Commander. I believe it important we have another look at it. I believe a very important scientific discovery awaits us on this heading. Right, Data. We must go back to learn more. Counsellor, do you believe a ship Captain should explain every order? Yes? Oh? I'll be glad to do when I'm free. Why? What can I do for you, Number One? Same question. Why? I consider it equally possible that the two of you, and Counsellor Troi, are overworked, and possibly suffering hallucinations. Now this is an order. You will arrange medical and psychiatric exams of both yourself and them. Doctor, are you aware everybody is behaving strangely? What's happened to your mind, Doctor? The search for knowledge is always our primary mission. I'm sorry, I really am too busy for this kind of nonsense. Do I have to call Security to force you to report to the Sickbay? Come. (Crusher enters with a data chip) What do you want? He is here. And more. And elates us. We wish you could understand the glorious adventure ahead. Soon we'll both be home. First officer's log, supplemental. On the orders of Captain Picard, we have returned to the vicinity of the energy pattern cloud. I am personally convinced that something from this cloud now shares the Captain's mind. But there seems to be nothing we can do, at least within regulations. [Bridge] Oh, they're already underway. I have an announcement for the entire Bridge. As many of you suspected, when our ship passed through the edge of this, it accidentally carried away a sentient being. Much like these energy patterns we're seeing here. A terrifying experience for any intelligent being. As if a great claw had reached down and scooped one of you from your home world. Drawn into the energy circuits of this vessel, it found its way to you, Worf. Frantic at being carried from its home world, and recognising you as sentient beings, it pleaded for help, but in ways you couldn't understand. Desperately going from person to person, and then discovering the computer intelligence in this ship's memory circuits. Oh, simplistic intelligence, but it furnished it enough to slow this Enterprise thing that had captured it. And it very much regrets the accidental death of Engineer Singh. Very soon after we combined we had learned much about each other. A passion for exploration, for the unknown. We found we had similar dreams, and it offered your Captain a way to realise them beyond human expectations. Isn't there? The transporter need not pattern your Captain into matter. We'll beam energy only, and we will become a combined energy pattern of our life forms. A resignation from this command and from Starfleet has been appropriately recorded. How does this resignation threaten the ship and its crew in any way? What the devil am I doing here? What's happening to me, Number One? I was preparing to beam out to somewhere. And I remember there was talk of an entity? But it all seems so vague. What are you talking about, Data? Is this still Sherlock Holmes? Well, at least you got rid of the damn pipe. Yes, Lieutenant. Riker, with the peace delegates and all, I think I do need a rest. Take charge, Number One. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Commander Riker wrote those reports. He agrees with you. If this is the Borg, it would indicate they have a source of power far superior to our own. Number One, why don't you show the Commander to her quarters? You seem rather taken with her, JP. Earl Grey? I already have a hell of a first officer. One's available? He'll make a fine captain, JP. Good. You've covered all the bases. What's your impression of Shelby? She has your full confidence? Sounds a little like a young lieutenant commander I once recruited as a first officer. Will, what the hell are you still doing here? You've been offered the Melbourne. She's a fine ship, Will. Indeed? Starfleet needs good captains, particularly now. Reconsider your decision. I'm asking you to look at your career objectively. Will, you're ready to work without a net. You're ready to take command. And, you know, the Enterprise will go along just fine without you. [Ten Forward] Mister Data, how long would it take to get there at warp nine? Make it so. We'll try and keep them occupied until you arrive. Commander Shelby, what is the status of out defence preparations? What's your assessment of our potential effectiveness? Dismissed. [Bridge] Hail them, Mister Worf. Move to intercept. On screen. Magnify. (It's a nasty dark cube) Mister Worf, dispatch a subspace message to Admiral Hanson. We have engaged the Borg. I am? On screen. I am Jean Luc (The viewscreen just shows the inside of the cube. The voice is made up of many speaking as one) You have committed acts of aggression against the United Federation of Planets. If you do not withdraw immediately Their priorities seem to have changed. Open. We have developed new defence capabilities since our last meeting and we are prepared to use them if you do not withdraw from Federation space. Load torpedo bays. Arm phasers. lock coordinates on the source of the tractor beam. Fire all weapons. [Engineering] Fire at will. Warp nine. Course, one five one mark three three zero. Engage. (La Forge enters the Bridge) Maintain course. Drop to impulse. Take us in, Ensign. (Enterprise glides into the purple fog) Steady. Analysis of the nebula cloud, Mister Data. Mister La Forge, prepare to reverse engines. Full stop. (The Enterprise vanishes, and the Borg cube halts) Good. As long as they're looking for us, they won't hurt anyone else. [Observation lounge] (Running a playback of the recent encounter on the wall monitor) Come. (Riker enters, and Shelby is already sitting across from Picard) Come in, Number One. Commander Shelby was just telling me of your concerns about her plan. Yes, I entirely agree with you, Number One. It's not the time. But the time may come when we will be required to take greater risks. I want you to consider her plan as a fall back position. Make the necessary preparations. Something of a tradition, Guinan. The Captain touring the ship before a battle. Not necessarily. Nelson toured the HMS Victory before Trafalgar. No, but the battle was won. We may yet prevail. That's a conceit, but it's a healthy one. I wonder if the Emperor Honorious, watching the Visigoths coming over the seventh hill, truly realised that the Roman Empire was about to fall. This is just another page in history, isn't it? Will this be the end of our civilisation? Turn the page. You say that with remarkable assuredness. I'm on my way, Lieutenant. [Bridge] Status of shields? Mister La Forge, I may have to take us out of the nebula. I want all the power you can give me. Acknowledged. [Bridge] Prepare to take us out of here, Number One. Ready phasers. Load forward torpedo bays. Engage. (They whoosh out of the purple fog) Fire at will. Continue rotating shield frequency. I have nothing to say to you, and I will resist you with my last ounce of strength. Impossible. My culture is based on freedom and self determination. We would rather die. I am Locutus of Borg. Resistance is futile. Your life as it has been is over. From this time forward, you will service us.
Analysis. Mister Data. What was that? Keep an eye on it. Mister Worf, any luck? Especially under these circumstances. Very well. But regardless of this planet's immediate situation, we must observe the Prime Directive. I want to minimise the risk of contact with the inhabitants. You will go alone, Mister Worf, and I want to have you surgically altered so that you could pass as a Boraalan. Doctor, you were fully aware that the atmospheric dissipation could not be stopped. What did you hope to accomplish by assisting these people? I have no intention of compounding what you have done by committing another gross violation of the Prime Directive. We are sworn to uphold the principle of the Prime Directive, and until that is changed there is no further course of action that we can take. Is that understood? I'm afraid that won't be possible. But you can have full use of the ship's computer to set up a comm. link and upload your data from here. If there's nothing further, you're dismissed. (all leave except Nikolai and Worf) Of course. Put it on screen. (viewscreen goes out) What's going on? This is one of those times when we must face the ramifications of the Prime Directive and honour those lives which we cannot save. You have the Bridge, Number One. (Picard leaves) You realise your career is finished. What do you expect us to do now? You have left us with a colony of Boraalans who think they're still on their planet. A home which would look very different from Boraal. You can't really believe that they'll be fooled. What if it doesn't work? What if they become aware that something strange is going on? I'm not enthusiastic about this plan, but I don't see that we have another option. Very well, let's give it a try. Even then there's no guarantee that we'll find a suitable planet. What is it? Why not? There's no way round it? That will take hours. Very well. Let's try it. Mister La Forge, I want you to monitor the situation very carefully, and keep an open comm. link with the Holodeck so as to be apprised of any problems. Considering the situation you have put us in, I don't think it's wise to leave you alone with those people. Mister Worf will accompany you. Mister Worf, the Boraalans already know you. There's no need to introduce them to anyone new. Keep a close eye on your brother. I don't want him making this situation worse than it is. [Holodeck Cavern] Picard here. Very well. Helm, set course for Vacca Six. I see. How is he? Does he understand the situation? Contact Mister Worf. Make sure he knows what's going on. Vorin, isn't it? Your planet was dying. It could no longer support life. We took you away from it. We have the ability to create the illusion of other places, like the caves on your planet. You have actually spent the last two days here on this starship, not on Boraal. Vorin, listen to me. We can visit many other worlds. We can take you to one where you can build a new life. A chance for your culture, your people, to survive and grow. Good. Mister La Forge, how much longer before we can transport the Boraalans? We'll have the transporter room standing by. But we may have to transport the Boraalans whether you're ready or not. Please keep Mister Worf apprised. You have the Bridge, Number One. We still have one more problem to worry about. [Vorin's quarters] We have arrived at the planet that I told you about. Have you made a decision? I see. What do you intend to tell them? If you tell them the truth, what will happen? Will they believe you? Perhaps they will think that you have had an hallucination, or that you're insane. On the other hand, they may believe your fantastic story. They would learn about alien worlds, starships. Then stay here. Make a future for yourself with us. He said that he had nowhere to go. But he wouldn't have died alone and afraid. No, of course not. Our plan for them worked out well. But I wish that Vorin could have bridged the gap between our two cultures. I would have liked the chance to have known him better. [Planet surface]
Yes, Number One. What is it? Pipe it through. Understood. Picard, Jean-Luc. Captain, USS Enterprise. Walker! Too long, old friend. Why are you contacting me on this frequency? Risk? I don't understand. You're using a Code Forty Seven. I have to know what this is all about. Oh, for God's sake, Walker. This is a secured channel When? Not possible. We're expected at Pacifica, Walker. Data, are you familiar with Dytallix B? Mister La Forge, chart a course for it immediately. Warp seven. And there will be no records or logs mentioning any aspect of this diversion. Negative. Nothing goes out without specific orders from me. Hopefully the delay will be minimal. (As the Enterprise rushes off on its new course, and Picard is in his Ready room, Data is at a science station) Very good, Number One. I'm on my way. (Picard enters) Identify. Make no further attempts, Mister Worf. Any life form readings on the surface, Data? Very well. Relay those coordinates to the transporter room. I'm beaming down. Alone, Number One. [Mine entrance] (Picard walks carefully down the entrance ramp, and is greeted by a pink-skinned Bolian with a phaser. Then Walker Keel and a woman appear, also armed) This is some greeting, old friend. Tau Ceti Three. It was a bar. Quite an exotic one as I remember. What do I win? You know full well I hadn't even met Beverly then. You introduced them. You don't have a brother. Two sisters, Anne and Melissa. What the hell is this all about? (Keel nods, and weapons are put away) Walker, what is going on? I believe we've met. The Altairian conference. Tryla Scott. It's said you made Captain faster than anyone in Starfleet history, present company included. Are you that good? Starfleet's finest. Fancy meeting you here. What threat? No. But we've been on the outer rim for a while. We haven't had much contact with them. All dead? Targeted for what? By whom? You've given me nothing to believe in. Just a lot of vague talk about strange patterns, irrational proposals. Who's behind this, and to what purpose? How are people being changed? Walker! That's sound advice at any time, Captain. Friends, close friends, are few and far between. Two of the oldest and closest are Jack Crusher, may he rest in peace, and Walker Keel. Before various missions split us apart, we were virtually inseparable. I trust Keel completely. If he felt it necessary to violate regulations, he must have had a good reason. Friendship must dare to risk, Counsellor, or it's not friendship. The people involved in this are of the highest calibre. If I didn't believe in their loyalty, I wouldn't have gone this far. No. I don't want to risk implicating them. Not until I have solid evidence that something really is wrong. [Bridge] Take us out of orbit, Mister La Forge. Resume heading to Pacifica, warp factor eight. Very good. Data, I have an assignment for you. One especially suited to your talents. [Ready room] Doctor. No. It wasn't possible, Doctor. Specify. What kind of disturbance? Let's investigate. Maintain speed. Alter course accordingly. Slow to impulse. On screen. (The objects are radiating out from a single location) Agreed. Enlarge and identify. Identifying marks, Mister Worf? The last time I saw Admiral Quinn he tried to warn me about a subversion within the Federation. Then Walker tried, and he's dead. Number One, I believe what happened on the Horatio was sabotage. What sort of activity? Data, can you speculate as to the purpose of these reassignments? Yes, why not? We're talking about a threat to the entire future of the Federation. I don't think any of us can rest easy until we've been to the source. Captain's personal log, supplemental. While it is quite unusual for a starship to return to Earth, we seem to be left with no other choice. I have apprised the remaining bridge crew of our situation. [Bridge] Standard orbit, Mister La Forge. Any word from Starfleet Command, Data? Strange. (Enterprise glides over the moon on final approach) On screen. (A trio of elderly Admirals are seated behind a desk. Two humans flanking a Vulcan) Yes, indeed. It's good to see you again, Admiral. Yes, sir. I can imagine you would be. Yes, sir, it is. I would rather discuss in person, Admiral. (Dexter Remmick appears and whispers to Savar) On the surface. Counsellor, any thoughts? Thank you. We accept your gracious offer. Splendid. Of course. We look forward to seeing you, Admiral. Enterprise out. Quinn wants to see us alone. At least we know he's still on our side. Mister Data, you have the Bridge. Welcome aboard, Greg. You remember Commander Riker. I must say, you're looking remarkably well. When you were here last, you were saying that you were feeling tired. Remember what you told me back at Relva Seven, About the threat that you perceived to the very fabric of the Federation? It's one of the reasons, yes. I'm sorry, I must have misunderstood. Of course. Yes, I should be getting down to the planet. Commander Riker will be available here to show you anything that you want to see. I insist. (to Riker) When you've finished showing the Admiral anything that he needs, you can join me down on Earth. Of course. Stay as long as you wish. (Quinn goes on) No. [Transporter room] It's not Gregory Quinn. It may look like him and sound like him, but it isn't him. I'm certain, Number One. I want you to stay close. Keep your eye on his every move. Have Beverly concoct some reason for giving him a full medical examination. I don't know, just do it. It's not him, Will. I know that now. What I have to find out is how this happened, and who or what is behind it. I'm right. I'll take care. Find out what you can, then join me, in force if necessary. Energise. Thank you, sir. My first officer will be joining us shortly. Delightful. Tell me, why is the corridor so quiet? The last time I was here, it was bustling with activity. I see you keep up with our duty roster. It's interesting that you should mention the Horatio. It's one of the subjects I wanted to discuss. Has the cause of her destruction been ascertained? Not nearly enough, I suppose. I need to contact my ship to let Commander Riker that we're about to sit down. Picard to Riker. I suppose I have little choice. Where's Riker? Specify, Doctor. [Sickbay] Any idea what it is or where it comes from? Continue, Doctor. Never mind the details. Can you remove it? Doctor, one does not beam down to Starfleet Headquarters armed. I'm going in to dinner now, Doctor. Tell Commander Riker to join me as soon as he's ready. Picard out. [Dining room] (Three curved tables with two chairs each, to form a circle. There is a covered bowl in front of each person) Riker! Thank God. We're leaving. What race are you? Where are you from? Aaron! [Hallway] Aaron! (They dodge his phaser blast and the two of them shoot the Admiral in the back. His purple parasite comes out of his mouth and scuttles under a nearby door. They follow it) [Room] Remmick! (The parasite climbs the chair Remmick is sitting in) No, Will. (Remmick swallow the parasite. His neck bulges with movement) That it did, Number One. Rest assured. A beacon?
Magnify. (the ship is inside the pink plasma streamer) Hail them. Life signs? Can we tractor them out? Too risky. You could be pulled in too. Bridge to Engineering. [Engineering] Mister La Forge, can we beam an away team onto the science ship? Acknowledged. Meet Commander Riker in Transporter room three. Is there any evidence to support this? I have an away team on board the ship. The initial report indicates there was an explosion on board, but we're not sure if it was from an attack. A few hours. If it looks like Cardassians, I'll contact you immediately. Go ahead, Mister Data. Acknowledged. Have Commander Riker come to my Ready room as soon as he's on board. Is there evidence of a hull breach? Could plasma from the streamer have found its way into the ship? If the plasma exploded that would explain a few things. Let me know when the analysis is complete. Mister Barclay, I've been told you've been under a considerable amount of strain the past couple of days. Isn't it possible that you simply imagined Commander La Forge, get Mister O'Brien. Take that transporter system apart piece by piece if you have to. Mister Worf, I want a level three security alert until further notice. Keep me apprised. Dismissed. [Sickbay]
Successful? If we go to the aid of the Bortas, we'll be dragging the Federation into a Klingon civil war. Mister Worf, your responsibilities as a Starfleet officer are incompatible with remaining on board a Klingon ship during a time of war. There have been three major engagements in the last two weeks, all of them won by ships loyal to the Duras family. Agreed. But if the Duras are being aided by the Romulans, it becomes very much our concern. The Romulans have been attempting to destroy the Klingon-Federation Alliance for the past twenty years. At the same time, the Duras have been secretly conspiring with the Romulans. Doesn't it strike you as odd that the Duras are able to field such an overpowering force against Gowron? That they outmatch him at almost every turn? And some would say they must be getting help. The Romulans are prepared to take enormous risks to gain any advantage over the Federation. Can we seriously believe that now, with the future of the Klingon Empire in the balance, they are content to stand by and watch? We must stop the flow of supplies and equipment to the Duras from the Romulans. What I propose is that we send a fleet to the Romulan-Klingon border. We'll take no offensive action, but we will be in a position to expose any Romulan supplies that attempt to cross the border. Exactly. My Chief Engineer has developed a system that should nullify that advantage. Each ship will send out an active tachyon beam to the other blockading ships. Now, in theory, any cloaked vessel that attempts to pass between our ships must cross that beam and be detected. So do I, Number One. Captain's log, stardate 45021.3. Convincing Starfleet Command to establish a blockade was relatively painless. Implementing that plan is proving more troublesome. [Ready room] Mister La Forge, can you implement your tachyon detection grid with twenty ships? All right. I want to add the Tian Nan Men, the Sutherland and the Hermes, whether the yard superintendent says they're ready or not. Mister Data, will you select a group of experienced Enterprise officers to augment the crews of those ships. Will, I want you to command the Excalibur. Her crew was reassigned when she put in for repairs. Geordi, you will be his First Officer. I want the fleet underway by oh nine hundred tomorrow. Thank you, gentlemen. (Riker and La Forge leave) Yes, Mister Data? Yes. Well, I felt that you would be needed here. Why do you ask? Commander. I believe the starship Sutherland will need a captain. I can think of no one better suited to the task than you. Good. Course one one eight mark three five seven, full impulse power. Signal the fleet to get underway. We'll enter warp once we're clear of the system. Engage. [Duras' home] Signal the fleet to maintain yellow alert until further notice. Begin long range scans of the Romulan border. Those anomalies could be cloaked ships. Open a channel to the Excalibur. Deploy the fleet, Will. It's time to spread our net. Mister La Forge, how long do you think it will take the Romulans to detect the tachyon field once it's activated? Very well. Energise the network. [Romulan command centre] Not yet. On screen. Tasha? So you believe her, Counsellor? Besides, Tasha was a child when this woman was born. But why? What possible advantage could there be to the Romulans? As this now stands, I don't think this will have any impact on our strategy. We'll continue the blockade, leave the next move to them. Thank you. (Beverly and Deanna leave, then Guinan enters) No, not at all. Is something wrong? I think that the Romulans are just hoping to create a distraction. They want to keep us off balance. Enterprise C? She was lost at the battle of Narendra Three, defending a Klingon outpost from the Romulans. There were stories of prisoners taken back to Romulus, but these were only rumours. Guinan, that was twenty three years ago. Tasha Yar was only a child. How can that be? Tasha died, a year before you came on the Enterprise. You never met her. If you have only a vague intuition I think that it's time I met Commander Sela. [Klingon bar] Please, won't you sit down? (she folds her arms and remains standing) I'm afraid that you have misinterpreted our presence here. I want to reassure you that we have no hostile intention. It is our intent to prevent any external power from interfering in Klingon affairs. Then why don't you just take your ships across? All right. Why did I invite you here? It's been suggested that she was aboard the Enterprise C when it was destroyed twenty four years ago, that she was one of the survivors and that obviously you are a product of a union between her and a Romulan. And yet you claim that it is possible, that you're the daughter of Tasha Yar. I want to meet your mother. Can you arrange that? Doubts? I'm full of them. But nothing in my experience can persuade me that what you have told me is true. And I do know one thing. It will not affect my judgment at our next encounter. In thirteen hours we'll be forced to either withdraw from the border or fight the Romulan fleet. Neither alternative is acceptable. We must expose their involvement before the deadline. If you launch a full-scale attack now, then the Duras fleet will call for supplies. Lursa and B'Etor will call for help. The Romulans will try to run the blockade, and we'll be ready for them. When Gowron begins his attack, then we will make our move. Excalibur will fall back with engine problems. You will take the Akagi and the Hornet to this position, which will open a small gap in our detection net. Exactly. When they try to bring their ships through, the Enterprise and the Tian Nan Men will swing around, close the gap and catch them in the act. Good luck, Will. Signal the fleet to stand by. Open a channel to the Sutherland. We're reading a disruption of the tachyon net in your area. That's where they're going through. Send a signal to the fleet. All ships to fall back and rendezvous at Gamma Eridon. We'll re-establish the net there. Open a channel. [Sutherland Bridge] Mister Data, you were ordered to rendezvous with the fleet at Gamma Eridon. Acknowledge. Come. No, they can't. However, the claim 'I was only following orders' has been used to justify too many tragedies in our history. Starfleet doesn't want officers who will blindly follow orders without analysing the situation. Your actions were appropriate for the circumstances, and I have noted that in your record. (Data turns to leave) Mister Data. Nicely done. Granted. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I don't know why we have to do this every year. I thought that last year the teachers had agreed that they wouldn't do this anymore. Why does it have to be me? Well, they seem to have a somewhat exaggerated impression of me. Isn't there something else you have to do? Put it through, Mister Worf. Excuse me, Counsellor. (Troi leaves) Yes, Admiral? We are conducting energy output studies of the Mekoria Quasar. All systems normal. The ship is fully operational. I understand. What is our assignment? Very well. Oh, er, yes. It's, er, it's for the children. I'm, er, ha, ha, I'm a role model. Paul Menegay, a seven year old. He did a most interesting clay sculpture of my head. Yes. Oh, you'll be interested to know that I've arranged for a Commander Riker Day next month. I'm even considering making an entry myself. Energise. Pressman? Yes, of course. You were Will's first commanding officer, on the Pegasus. I remember hearing about it. The ship was destroyed by a warp core breach as I recall. What are our orders? Very well. Lay in a course for the Devolin system. Any sign of the Romulans? Mister La Forge? How slow? On screen. I am Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation starship Enterprise. Not at all. But your unannounced appearance might have unfortunate consequences. It would be an awful shame if your ship were damaged due to some misunderstanding. I might ask you the same question. How interesting. So are we. Perhaps we could combine our efforts and share our findings. Perhaps you're right. Then I won't keep you. (transmission ends) Stand down Red alert, but keep tracking their movement, Lieutenant. Commander, how long will it take us to search this system? Then let's get to it. Mister Data? As a matter of fact, I never met Will until he reported on board at Farpoint Station. I was looking through the records of about fifty candidates and Will's was much like all the others, filled with lots of dry statistics and glowing letters of recommendation that tell you nothing. I was about to put it aside and look at another file and then something caught my eye. There was an incident on Altair Three when Will was First Officer of the Hood. He refused to let Captain DeSoto beam down during a crisis. He disobeyed a direct order and he risked a general court martial because he thought he was right. When I read that, I knew that I had found my Number One. I wanted someone who would stand up to me. Someone who was more concerned with the safety of the ship and accomplishing the mission than with how something looked on his record. To me, that's one of the marks of a good officer. I am aware of that, Admiral. Admiral, the record regarding the loss of the Pegasus is a bit vague from the moment just before you abandoned ship. Is there anything that you can add to the official account? Put the asteroid on the main viewscreen. Mister Data, how long will it take to determine the exact location of the Pegasus? Mister Data, would it possible to saturate the asteroid with verteron particles that could mask the resonance signature and prevent the Romulans from detecting it? Mister Data? Make it so, Mister Data. When he's finished we'll have to move away and make it look like we've scanned the asteroid but haven't find anything. If it works, the Romulans won't find anything and we can return later. If it doesn't Helm, one quarter impulse. Engage. Mister Data, we must convince the Romulans that we're still looking for the Pegasus. I want you to continue scanning this system. I want to be back at this asteroid at oh eight hundred hours tomorrow. Plan your search pattern accordingly. Admiral, would you care to join me for some late dinner? You have the Bridge, Number One. Oh, and will you bring the scan analysis to my quarters when you're off watch? Come. Thank you. Yes, there is. (reading) Judge Advocate General's Report. Stardate 36764. Subject, inquiry into mutiny aboard USS Pegasus. Based on testimony from Captain Pressman and other surviving officers, the Judge Advocate believes there is sufficient evidence to conclude that certain members of the crew did mutiny against the captain just prior to the destruction of the Pegasus. Mutiny on a Federation starship? That's shocking. It's unthinkable. And yet you've never mentioned it. You know, it wasn't easy to get this record. I had to pull in quite a few favours at Starfleet just to get a look at it. It seems that it was classified by Starfleet Intelligence. So, not only was the Pegasus carrying sensitive equipment which must be allowed to fall into Romulan hands, not only was there a mysterious explosion which seemed to destroy the ship but didn't, but it seems there was a mutiny on board. Now, I've read the official report of the inquiry on that mutiny, but I want to know your version of what happened. Why? And you? The Judge Advocate also believes that the surviving officers are deliberately withholding vital information from this inquiry. Further investigation is recommended. Will, there was no further investigation. This report was classified and then it was quietly buried. Why? I'm taking this up with you, Will! The Judge Advocate thought you were participating in a conspiracy to cover up the truth. Now, what the hell is going on here, Will? Why did that mutiny happen? Why is Pressman so determined to find your ship twelve years later? Very well. He's an admiral, I'm a captain. I cannot force you to disobey his orders. Therefore I will have to remain in the dark on this mission. And I will just have to trust that you will not let Pressman put this ship at unnecessary risk. And if I find that that trust has been misplaced, then I will have to re-evaluate the command structure of this ship. Dismissed. [Ready room] Margaret, something's very wrong here. Do you know what's going on? On my way. [Bridge] Mister Worf, where are the Romulans? Take us to within fifteen kilometres of the asteroid and hold that position. Mister Data, report. Agreed. What about a shuttle? We could send it down through one of these fissures. Mister Data? Admiral, I don't think we can risk Mister Data, will you please note in the ship's log that this action is being taken over my explicit objections. Yellow Alert. Ensign Gates, plot a course into the chasm, manoeuvring thrusters only. Take us in. (Enterprise gently navigates the tunnel) Admiral, if is passage narrows to less than five hundred metres, I will abort the mission. You can charge me with insubordination if you wish, but I'm not going to risk the Enterprise for a salvage operation. If we begin a power transfer, can we restore life support systems to that compartment? Admiral, I would like to send down a complete away team Yes, sir. [Pegasus Engineering] (one of the bulkheads is rock and there are bodies around) Picard to away team. Prepare to return to the ship immediately. The Romulans have destroyed the entrance to the chasm with their disruptors. They've sealed us in. On screen. Are you responsible for this? What do you want, Sirol? How? Thank you for your generous offer. I will take it under advisement. Agreed. Options? That's what it's all about. A cloaking device. In the Treaty of Algeron the Federation specifically agreed not to develop cloaking technology. That treaty has kept us in peace for sixty years, and as a Starfleet officer, you're supposed to uphold it. How do we use the cloak to escape from the asteroid? I see why you were so eager to find it. Except it's illegal. It's in violation of an agreement that the Federation signed in good faith. Mister Data? Make it so. Captain's log, stardate 47457.1. We have been trapped inside the asteroid for over eight hours. Mister Data and Commander La Forge inform me that they are nearly ready to engage the cloak. [Engineering] Proceed, Number One. Report. Take us out. Manoeuvring thrusters only. Disengage the cloaking device, Commander. They'll know the truth, Admiral. Which is what everyone will know very shortly. Carry out my orders. (and Enterprise appears beside the green meanie) Mister Worf, send a message to the warbird. Inform them that their government will be contacted shortly about this incident. Admiral, I am hereby charging you with violation of the Treaty of Algeron. As Captain of the Enterprise, I'm placing you under arrest. Mister Worf? You're going to need them. [Brig] (Picard sends out the guard, lowers the forcefield on Riker's cell and goes in) I've spoken to Fleet Admiral Shanthi. There will be a full inquiry once we reach Starbase two four seven, and that will probably lead to a general court martial of Admiral Pressman and several others at Starfleet Intelligence. Your involvement in this affair is going to be thoroughly investigated, Will. There'll be some hard questions for you to answer. You made a mistake twelve years ago, but your service since then has earned you a great deal of respect, but this incident may cost you some of that respect. When the moment came to make a decision, you made the right one. You chose to tell the truth and face the consequences. So long as you can still do that, then you deserve to wear that uniform. And I will still be proud to have you as my First Officer. (Picard and Riker walk out of the brig together) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Splendid, Data. Splendid. You're getting better and better. Data, you're here to learn about the human condition and there is no better way of doing that than by embracing Shakespeare. But you must discover it through your own performance, not by imitating others. Go ahead, Number One. On our way. Picard out. We'll get to the rest of the act another time, Data. Computer, file programme and clear. Listen to what Shakespeare is telling you about the man, Data. A king who had a true feeling for his soldiers would wish to share their fears with them on the eve of battle. Let's not rush it, shall we? [Bridge] A scout ship? What would a scout ship be doing this far into the Neutral Zone? Open a hailing frequency. Open a channel. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Red Alert. Open a channel to the warship. Romulan warbird, this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation vessel Enterprise. You have crossed into the Neutral Zone and are engaged in hostile action. Explain yourself and your intent. Hail the scout. On screen. We are moving to intercept. Maintain your course and power. (The picture breaks up. The little ship has been hit) Right. Move to within five kilometres. Mister La Forge, prepare to extend [Engineering] Our shields around the Romulan scout ship. Extend shields. Lock phasers. Open a channel. Romulan vessel, you are now in Federation territory. Unless you withdraw (The warbird does a 180 and cloaks) Transporter two, prepare to beam the occupant of the scout ship directly aboard. Mister Data, lock onto the scout ship. Take it in tow. [Transporter room] Well, I'm sure you are fatigued by your ordeal and you require medical attention. Lieutenant Worf, will you accompany Sublieutenant Setal to the Sickbay. We will attend to your quarters. No doubt. (Worf, Setal and guard leave) You don't believe it? And the Romulans would have a legitimate excuse for responding in force. It's always a chess game with them, isn't it? Mister La Forge, you will lead the away team over to the scout. Commander, you and Counsellor Troi will conduct Setal's interrogation. No, Mister Data. I need you on the Bridge with me. There is much to be done. We have less than forty eight hours to prevent a war. Or perhaps to start one. This will depend on establishing the truth of (And the scout ship goes Ka-boom!) [Sickbay] (Beverly is treating Setal's wounds) Let's isolate and magnify that system. It is hard to believe in what one cannot see. And yet conceivably, with their cloaking technology, a fleet of Romulan warships could be passing before our eyes. There must be some way to neutralise this advantage. In my Ready room. Computer, delay time? Computer, key access four one two mark eight zero. Picard, Jean-Luc. Starfleet priority code Gamma. Decode. Begin message. Picard to Lieutenant Worf. Please come to my Ready room. Is there a possibility the wound could be self-inflicted? A possibility. (She nods) Captain's log, Stardate 43463.7. We're holding a position at the Neutral Zone border proximate to Nelvana Three. If our guest is telling the truth, there are twenty one hours left before the Romulan base becomes functional. [Ready room] Come. Yes, Data. I want you to prepare a class one probe. Set the sensors for maximum scan. I want every metre of Nelvana Three monitored. Data? Your clarity of thought. Your objectivity, as always. Sit down. Data, it's very possible we are about to go to war. The repercussions of what we do during the next twenty four hours may be felt for years to come. I want you to keep a record of these events, so that history will have the benefit of a dispassionate view. How is the crew's spirit? Data, unlike King Henry, it is not easy for me to disguise myself and walk among my troops. That'll be all. (Data leaves) Now, if these men do not die well, it will be a black matter for the king that led them to it. [Debriefing room] Lieutenant Worf, will you handle this at security station, deck nine. Proceed. Coordinate your analysis with Mister La Forge. I want this report with dispatch. [Engineering] Could they be naturally occurring? Can we decode it? What about the planet surface? That'll be all, gentlemen. [Ten Forward] (Data is at a table, staring at Setal sitting by the window) Bring him in. (Setal, now Jarok, enters with a guard) Ensign, will you wait outside? Have a seat, Admiral Jarok. Admiral, have a seat. You see, I'm just not convinced that you are telling the truth. You must convince me. If I had irrefutable evidence? But you did not bring irrefutable evidence. You brought no evidence at all. Now, here, you are not the man you claimed to be. Admiral, your credibility is stretched beyond belief. A Romulan defector is almost a contradiction in terms. But Admiral Jarok crossing the lines? Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Peace in our galaxy. Except, Admiral, you are not a man of peace. Your military record, what we know of it, is clear. The massacres in the Norkan outposts, for example. On what basis, Admiral, am I to decide? Your good word? Are you willing to help us overpower the Romulan B-type warbirds we may encounter? Are you prepared to help us detect them through their cloaking shields? You see my problem, Admiral. You ask us for faith in circumstances which are hardly possible to believe, compounded by lies and your refusal to tell us all you know. You've already betrayed your people, Admiral. You've made your choices, sir. You're a traitor. Now, if the bitter taste of that is unpalatable to you, I am truly sorry. But I will not risk the lives of my crew because you think you can dance on the edge of the Neutral Zone. You've crossed over, Admiral. You make yourself comfortable with that. No. Yes, this is all very interesting. I can't. And I won't. Unless I have unequivocal cooperation. [Observation lounge] Admiral Jarok has provided me with the locations, strengths and tactical plans of the Romulan fleet. Mister La Forge, he is prepared to give you data regarding engines, weapons and the cloaking systems of the warbird class starship. But I believe his experience as a field commander will be more valuable for its strategic sense than in the technical areas. Don't depend on it. For all we know, he may still be lying, but we shall find that out soon enough. Number One, set course for Nelvana Three. Second officer's log, stardate 43465.2. We have entered the Neutral Zone in direct violation of the Treaty of Algeron. Presuming Romulan warships are cloaked and monitoring us, we expect heavy resistance as we approach Nelvana Three. [Bridge] You echo another noteworthy commander in a similar circumstances, Number One. A countryman of yours, George Armstrong Custer when his Seventh Cavalry arrived at the Little Big Horn. Engage impulse engines. Prepare to enter standard orbit. Data? The subspace signal the probe detected? The ionisation disturbances? Lieutenant Worf, bring the Admiral up here. Perhaps you'd care to explain why we're here, Admiral. Nelvana Three, Admiral. No base, no weapons, no sign of any life at all. Is it possible they could have been feeding you disinformation? You said that you had been censured. Reassigned, four months ago. They knew of your dissatisfaction. Could all this have been to test your loyalty? They let you escape with an arsenal of worthless secrets. What other explanation is there? At your earliest convenience, Number One. Not yet, Mister Worf. This is just a tap on the shoulder, or we wouldn't be here talking about it. On screen. Commander Tomalak, as I'm sure you already know, we were responding to a warnings of Romulan incursions at Nelvana Three. And the matter of the unidentified subspace radio emissions, and the ionisation disturbances? With a cloaked satellite? You can believe what you wish. We will be on our way. If an apology will do, then I offer it. Get to it, Tomalak. Do you seriously expect me to accept those terms? I do not require one, Tomalak. If the cause is just and honourable, they are prepared to give their lives. Are you prepared to die today, Tomalak? Then you shall have it. Mister Worf. What shall it be, Tomalak? You will not survive ours. Shall we die together? Cancel red alert. Mister Worf, will you extend the appreciation of the Federation and my personal gratitude to the Klingons. Take us back, Number One. Today, perhaps. But if there are others with the courage of Admiral Jarok, we may hope to see a day of peace when we can take his letter home. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
[OC]: Enterprise, this is the Captain. Number One, I want to get underway as soon as the shuttle is secure. Mister La Forge, set course zero five eight, mark one seven three. Number One, I want a staff meeting on the observation deck. That is correct, Mister La Forge. Warp factor eight. Engage. [Observation lounge] Two Federation outposts in sector three zero have been destroyed. There's been no communication with Federation starbases in sector three one since stardate 41903.2. That's the assumption. The question are, why now? What's their objective? For fifty years there's barely a whisper out of them, and now for no apparent reason they seem to be back with a roar. The strategic decision is to send one ship. True enough. It's a gamble. If force is necessary, we will use it, but that will mean we have failed. Our goal here is to establish some kind of relations with the Romulans. If we don't succeed, then to convince them of our resolve. The general feeling at Starfleet is that they are seeking a confrontation. They may want to test themselves in battle against a Federation starship. See how far we have advanced. If that is the case, then I need to know it. Counsellor, I shall need a full profile on them. Computer, estimated arrival time at the Neutral Zone? Let's reassemble in six hours. Stay sharp. No surprises. I would rather outthink them than outfight them. Questions? [Sickbay] What is it, Doctor? Capsule? People? What people? I wasn't aware that he had. You what? So what's their condition? After they died? In the case of this group, it apparently worked. Mister Data, will you report to Sickbay. [Bridge] Immediately. [Sickbay] Look, I am never critical of any member of my staff being curious, but it's just that the timing is so But Data, they were already dead. I mean, what more could have happened to them? Well, they're alive now. We're going to have to treat them as living human beings. Before you wake them up, I want to have Security here. Lieutenant Worf, report to Sickbay. Well, then we have no other choice. Welcome to the twenty fourth century. That sounds like someone who hated life. Yet he had himself frozen presumably so he could go through it all again. Doctor, this seems to be a situation more suited to your talents. I'll leave it with you. I'll be on the Bridge. [Bridge] Number One, kindly take charge of our guests until we have time to decide what we're going to do with them. Number One, keep them out of my way. [Guest lounge] (The three resurrected people are dressed and trying to pay attention) Counsellor, anything would be helpful. Counter-punchers. Thank you, Counsellor. That's quite valuable. [Guest lounge] (Data and Sonny are at the food dispenser) Number One. Would you and Mister Data report to the Bridge? Report. How many outposts are there in this sector? Go on. The Enterprise? What are you recommending? Mister Data? This is Captain Picard. To whom am I speaking? What is going on here, Number One? Did you give him permission to contact me? Listen, Mister Offenhouse. We're in a very important conference right now. Data, identify. What is a QE Two? He's comparing the Enterprise to a cruise ship? I'm Captain Picard. We may indeed. Those comm. panels are for official ship business. Aboard a starship, that is not necessary. We are all capable of exercising self-discipline. Now, you will refrain from using them. We are in a very serious and potentially dangerous situation. I don't think you are aware of your situation, or of how much time has passed. Your lawyer has been dead for centuries. That's what this is all about. A lot has changed in the past three hundred years. People are no longer obsessed with the accumulation of things. We've eliminated hunger, want, the need for possessions. We have grown out of our infancy. Power to do what? That kind of control is an illusion. What is it? Counsellor Troi, will you report to the guest lounge? Slow to half impulse. I'm on my way. I'll inform her. It's the first thing you've said I do understand. I'll see what I can do. And, please, stay off the comm. panels. [Corridor] Counsellor, will you get those people under control. We cannot afford this continuing distraction. Can you determine what happened? Could it have been a natural phenomenon? Mister La Forge. Set course for the next closest station. I appreciate your advice and concern, but this is not the time for rash actions. We are still investigating. There are three other stations in this sector we have to visit. Let's proceed in a calm and orderly manner. Yes, Number One. That would be prudent. Make it so. [Corridor] (Ralph is walking along, and notices a woman come out of a turbolift. He goes in) [Turbolift] Wait. If that is a Romulan ship, they will read our intent. It'll force them into taking a similar posture. We don't want to engage in battle. No. Damn. Mister Data, are your sensors picking up anything? You should be detecting a disturbance. (to Riker) They were trying to determine our intent. They wanted to see if we would fire. Stay calm, everyone. Open hailing frequencies. Lieutenant, control your emotions. Please, open hailing frequencies. Romulan vessel, this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise. But they've not fired. Let's try them again. (Two seated Romulans appear, one relaxed and sitting back, one leaning forward. The relaxed one speaks) Commander, you have crossed the Neutral Zone. This is Federation territory. It might be viewed as an act of aggression. Lieutenant Worf's question is valid. Do you think that we attacked your outposts? Who is responsible? Yes, but it's a correct assessment. I would like to offer a proposal. Nothing so grandiose. Just this. Cooperation. There was an intent here. Whoever or whatever did this is more powerful than either of us. Let's collaborate. Let's share whatever we learn about what has happened here. Commander, we have made some progress here. Let's not ruin that with unnecessary posturing. I think our lives just became a lot more complicated. Get him off my Bridge. [Clare's quarters] Here's what I propose. You can't stay on the Enterprise, but I have arranged for us to rendezvous with the USS Charleston, bound for Earth. They will deliver you there. This is the twenty fourth century. Material needs no longer exist. The challenge, Mister Offenhouse, is to improve yourself. To enrich yourself. Enjoy it. Perhaps so. Anything is possible. Your point, Mister La Forge? But they'll benefit from the extended time. It will allow them to acclimate before returning to Earth. That would take us in the wrong direction. Our mission is to go forward, and it's just begun. Set velocity. Warp six, Mister La Forge. There's still much to do. Still so much to learn. Mister La Forge, engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Mister Crusher, I summoned you almost ten minutes ago. Excuses, Mister Crusher? Because I can assure you that will not go down well at Starfleet Academy. I just received a message from Admiral Nsomeka. She expects you to report in two weeks. A position has opened up in this year's class. Now, you'll have to work overtime in order to catch up, but I have assured the Admiral that you are capable of that. Please don't make a liar out of me. Well, for your final mission aboard the Enterprise you will accompany me to Pentarus Five while I try to sort out the problems with the miners. Commander Riker has told me you've been studying the effects of outpost judiciary decisions on Federation Law. What better way to get first hand experience? On screen. Open a channel. I am Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Enterprise. Mister Data, are we close enough for a scan? Chairman Songi, we will proceed immediately to your planet. Commander Riker, take the Enterprise and investigate the problem. Ensign Crusher and I will proceed to Pentarus Five. The miners have sent a shuttle. We shall leave in ten minutes. Ah, Captain. It's good to meet you. Oh, yes. She seems a very sturdy craft. I'll let Ensign Crusher perform that task. I have to study up on Regalian law. [Bridge] Is your navigational system functioning? Mister Crusher, scan for a class-M environment. Life forms indicated? Mister Crusher, reconfigure working thrusters to manual input. Beginning braking manoeuvre. Brace yourself for impact. [Moon's surface] (a very bright sun is glaring down on a desert) Dear God. Let's salvage what we can. The first thing we'll need is shelter from the sun. In this heat, the shuttle will act like an oven. We'll have to check the craft for something to protect our heads and eyes. And Captain, please recover your medical supplies, food and water rations Food and water? Surely you have emergency supplies? Are you telling me there's no water? [Bridge] (Enterprise meets up with the polluter) Any luck with the tricorder, Ensign? Excellent. Our communicators may not be able to get a signal through this strong a magnetic field. I'm fashioning an arrow. If a search party finds the wreckage, they'll know we've headed for those mountains. (using brittle debris to make the pointer on the sand) We can't survive in this sun. Where there's mountains, there's shelter. Thank you, Ensign, that's enough. Captain Dirgo, you're an able pilot. I welcome your input. Do you feel that there is an alternative we're overlooking? Very well. I suggest a steady pace, not a brisk one. We need to ration our energy. Try breathing through your nose. That way it will help to prevent dehydration. I'll lead. Captain Dirgo, will you bring up the rear? (Dirgo says farewell to his ship, picks up the medical bag and off they trudge) (Dirgo is the first one to stumble in the heat) Mister Crusher? Energy reading? What kind? Ensign, are you suggesting this energy is not naturally occurring? A life form? Well, we can't go back and we can't stay here. We've got to keep going for the mountains. No matter what is waiting there. [Cave entrance] (the ceiling is high, there is a wonderfully even flight of steps down, and Picard is carrying the medical supplies) Not necessarily. This could be created by volcanic activity. Lava flows. These walls are dry, Mister Crusher, do you have any moisture reading? It's alcohol. This wouldn't quench your thirst, it would make it worse. I'm not going to let you waste this. This is more valuable to us as a coolant or disinfectant. Mister Crusher, stow that with the medical supplies. Keep your eye on it. All right, we're going to explore the cave. Mister Crusher, look for any signs of water, no matter how faint. Captain Dirgo, will you lead the way? [Sickbay] Mister Crusher what was that? Put there to protect the water. Mister Dirgo, I think it would be wiser (Dirgo fires at the forcefield) Dirgo! (some things rush into the cavern, rather like the seraphim from Raiders of the Lost Ark) Stop firing! (one of the things takes the weapon from Dirgo. Rocks are coming loose) Wesley! (Picard pushes Wesley aside then gets buried under falling rocks himself) [Cave] (later, after they've dug him out again and moved him to a small side cave) Ensign, how bad is it? Well done. I'm going to be fine. I just need to get my breath. Mister Dirgo, I would appreciate it if you didn't bury me before I'm gone. (Dirgo storms off) The trouble is, he could be right. Wesley, you are going to have to keep a rein on Dirgo. He's wilful and stubborn. That's dangerous. Wesley, listen to me. I have no feeling in my right leg. My vision is blurred. I'm going to get worse, not better. I'm not going to be able to help you. Now, you are going to have to stand up to Dirgo on your own. Hey. Good man. First Officer's log, stardate 44307.6. Radiation levels on the Enterprise continue to rise. The ventilation system has started pumping hyronalin into our air supply to counteract the effects. [Bridge] Cold. Good. Thank you. I'm not much good to you, Wesley. I'm trying. Wesley, it's my fault that you're here. I shouldn't have asked you. I was selfish. I thought I wouldn't see you again. I'm sorry. Aupres de ma blonde, il fait bon, fait bon, fait bon. Ensign, where are we? I need water. Yes, I remember. Wesley, I may not make it. No, listen. Listen to me. There's so much I wanted to tell you. The Academy, there's someone, someone who meant a great deal to me. He's been there forever. Someone you must get to know. His name is Boothby. Now, you tell him that you and I were friends. Now, when I was there, he helped me. Listen to him. He's the groundskeeper. One of the wisest men I ever knew. Oh, I envy you, Wesley Crusher. You're just at the beginning of the adventure. Go on. Get the water. Stay alive. They'll find you. Of course. Wesley. You remember I was always proud of you. [Cavern] (Wesley fires his phaser at the fountain, then uses his rigged tricorder to stop the sentry in its tracks. He frantically taps at the device until suddenly the sentry flies through him to the fountain, and the forcefield -which hadn't been there when he had his back to it - slowly evaporates. Wesley cautiously approaches the fountain) Doctor. One moment. Mister Crusher? What are you doing in such a filthy uniform? Wesley, you will be missed. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Take us out of warp, Ensign. All stop. Report. Can you localise the source of the gravitational field? (viewscreen shows a dark grey sphere) Why didn't we detect this before now? Mister Data, could this be a Dyson Sphere? It's a very old theory, Number One. I'm not surprised that you haven't heard of it. In the twentieth century, a physicist called Freeman Dyson, postulated the theory that an enormous hollow sphere could be constructed around a star. This would have the advantage of harnessing all the radiant energy of that star. A population living on the interior surface would have virtually inexhaustible sources of power. Ensign Rager, put us into synchronous orbit above that position. Magnify. I'm Jean-Luc Picard. Welcome aboard the Enterprise, Captain Scott. How are you feeling? I must say, I was little surprised when Commander Riker told me that you were aboard the Jenolen. Our records didn't show you listed as a member of the crew. I see. Well, I would very much enjoy the opportunity to hear you talk about your career. I'm sure you would have some fascinating insights into the events of your time. Good. Well, I look forward to it. Excuse me. Commander, we need to begin a full spectrographic analysis of the Dyson Sphere. Good. Once again, welcome on board, Captain. Is there any indication that the sphere is inhabited? Mister Data, send out a series of class-four probes to survey the far side of the sphere. Perhaps we'll have more luck with them. I hope I'm not interrupting. I was just coming off duty and I wanted to see how you were doing. Thank you. Aldebaran whiskey. Who do you think gave it to Guinan? Constitution class. There's one in the Fleet museum, but then of course, this is your Enterprise? The first ship I ever served aboard as Captain was called the Stargazer. It was an overworked, underpowered vessel, always on the verge of flying apart at the seams. In every measurable sense, my Enterprise is far superior. But there are times when I would give almost anything to command the Stargazer again. What do you think of the Enterprise D? But? Seventy five years is a long time. If you would care to study some technical schematics or Come. (Geordi enters) Mister La Forge, I understand that before the Jenolen crashed, it had conducted an extensive survey of the Dyson sphere. Have we been able to access any of those records? Perhaps Captain Scott could be of use in accessing that material. Mister La Forge, I would like you to accompany Captain Scott. Yes. Look, this is not an order, it's a request and it's one which you must feel perfectly free to decline. You see, one of the most important things in a person's life is to feel useful. Now, Mister Scott is a Starfleet officer and I would like him to feel useful again. Thank you. [Bridge] Mister Worf, open a channel to that communications array. Full sensor sweep, Mister Data. Where are we? Manoeuvring thrusters? No, but it may be enough to turn us into orbit, hold our distance from the photosphere. Ensign, port thrusters ahead full, starboard thrusters back full. Very well. Mister Data, begin a scan of the interior surface for life forms. I want to know who brought us in here and why. Then that would explain why they abandoned it. But if there's no one still living there, how were we brought inside? Shields? Mister Worf, can we use the phasers to open a hole in the sphere? Mister Data, we have to find some way out of here. Begin scanning for another hatch or portal that might still be open. Go ahead, Commander. We read you. [Jenolen] Understood. Ensign, set a course. [Jenolen] How much longer before we reach them? Bridge to Transporter room three. Prepare to beam two from the Jenolen as soon as we're within range. [Jenolen] Bridge to Transporter room. Energise. Fire torpedoes. (KaBOOM! And the spacedoors start to close. Enterprise gracefully swoops through the remaining gap and the doors clang shut behind them) [Transporter room] Well, call it an extended loan. Since you lost your ship saving ours, it seemed only fair. Well, bon voyage, Mister Scott.
Come. Yes, Mister La Forge. It seems that the exemplary nature of your work has caught the attention of Starfleet Command. In fact, someone is coming on board just to see the engine modifications you've made. The Senior Design Engineer of the Theoretical Propulsion Group. Doctor Leah Brahms. It is? Well, it should be a very enjoyable visit, then. She'll be transporting on board as soon as we reach the Starbase. Would you like to greet her on our behalf? On screen. Magnify. Is it a ship? Ensign Rager, ahead one quarter impulse. Put us in orbit of the seventh planet. Keep us at a relative distance of ten kilometres from the object. A life form. Negative, Mister Worf. If we are curious about it, it has a perfect right to be curious about us. Reverse course, Ensign, three hundred kph. Easy, we don't want to alarm or provoke it. (harsher green energy crackles against the ship) Raise shields. Reverse power, full impulse. Mister La Forge, prepare to initiate warp drive. [Engineering] Mister Worf, ready phasers. Minimum power. Fire. We're out here to explore, to make contact with other life forms, to establish peaceful relations but not to interfere. And absolutely not to destroy. And yet look what we have just done. Number One, you have the Bridge. Elaborate, Data. Then, perhaps it's still alive. [La Forge's quarters] (Geordi is laying the table for dinner) Some kind of reaction to our phaser fire, perhaps. No wonder it attacked us. It was about to give birth. [Observation lounge] Doctor. Will this creature be able to survive on its own without the parent? Your objection is noted, Mister Worf, but we are directly responsible for the death of the parent. We cannot simply wash our hands of it now. Doctor, we will proceed at your discretion. [Engineering] Well done, Doctor. Well done. [Ten Forward] (playing chess with Guinan) Good. Ensign, set course for the Guernica system. No, Number One. We've done all we can to help. Now it's time to move on. This creature can continue its existence without any further interference from us. Very well. Five hundred kph. Ensign. Engage. Seventeen degrees to port, Ensign. Evasive manoeuvres, full. (shudder) On screen. (Baby is sitting at the back of the saucer section, the lights fluctuate) Mister Data? None, Lieutenant. None at all. Captain's log, supplemental. Since the newborn has attached itself to the hull, it has been making greater and greater demands on the ship's energy, but we have been able to stabilise our power systems temporarily. [Observation lounge] How long before the power drain becomes critical, Mister La Forge? Your help would be appreciated, Doctor. Mister Data, is there any way to determine what the destination of the parent might have been? We might be able to deliver it to the same destination. Make it so. No, it is not. [Corridor] Picard to La Forge. Commander, I need to see you on the Bridge. Ensign Rager, set course two five nine mark three one eight, half impulse. Hold a position five hundred kilometres from the periphery of the asteroid field. Agreed. Mister La Forge, are you ready to separate our guest from the hull? Proceed. [Shuttlebay control booth] (looking down on the empty bay) Engineering, report. Mister La Forge, what is your status? On screen. Magnify. (three adult aliens are on their way) Go ahead. Proceed. [Engineering] Mister La Forge. Mister La Forge, Doctor Brahms, congratulations. You've weaned the baby. [Engineering]
Hello. No, I'm afraid not. But we will be visiting the hydroponics and astrophysics laboratories. Well. If you'll come with me. (Picard and children go into the turbolift as O'Brien comes out) I want you to know we're very proud of the science fair winners. Perhaps some of you will choose to pursue a career in Starfleet. Well, then. What did you do for your science projects? I see. That's very, very commendable. And you? How interesting. And you (but before the shy girl can answer, something happens) We're falling! (all over the ship, power drops and everything is shaken violently. Red Alert goes off automatically) [Bridge] Are you, are you children all right? (His leg is broken) Bridge, this is Picard. This is the Captain. Can anyone hear me? I don't know. They're not dead. Communication is down, that's all. We most certainly are not. Now listen to me. No one here is going to die. The bridge will be sending a rescue party as soon as possible. So I want you all to stop crying. Everything is going to be all right. (they cry even more) [Bridge] The external power is cut off. I don't know. (Marissa helps Picard stand. He tries to reach the hatch in the ceiling but misses) Your name is Marissa. Is that right? Well, Marissa, I'm going to need a first officer to help me. You're the oldest and so that makes you my Number One. That's what I always called my first officer. So, here. (He puts two of his rank pins on her top) There. Now, Number One, we need a crew to help us get that hatch off. Don't you think that Jay here would make an excellent science officer? What do you say, Jay? Will you join our crew? Of course. Forgive me, Jay Gordon. There. Well, let me see. Your science project involved radishes, did it not? Then I shall appoint you my executive officer in charge of radishes. (he gets the last pin) There. Right, then let's get to work. [Jefferies tube] Can you climb up? Good. Now look down the sides of the lift. Can you see two big clamps? Can you see if those clamps are attached to long beams inside big grooves? All right. Come down. (Picard catches him) All right. Number One, those big clamps are part of the emergency system. If something goes wrong, they're designed to hold the turbolift in place. But it would seem that they're damaged. That's right. Now, when they give way, we shall fall. So you've got to get your crew out of here before that happens. Now, there is a ladder along the wall of the shaft. You can climb up that until you come to an open doorway. My ankle is broken. I will just slow you down when you need to move quickly. Now, you are the leader. And that's an order. Patterson, you're an officer. You have to obey orders. We don't have time to argue. You must go now. All right. I'll try. But I want you to know this is mutiny. Now, Number One, look at that control panel. Now, the yellow control pad, hit that once. Now the one below it, hit twice. Now that should release the panel underneath. Now, you can pull it away. Good. Now, that bundle of wires, that's optical cabling. See how much of that you can pull out. [Cargo bay] (they've moved the containers) I can't open this door. We're going to have to climb up to the next deck. We're going up. Ready? The lift's falling! Hang on! We're all right. We're going to keep on climbing. Just don't look down. We're right with you, Patterson. You're not going to fall. Everything will be all right if you just keep climbing. What we need is a climbing song. Marissa, is there a song you sing at school? I'm afraid I don't know that one. I know. Frere Jacques. That's a song I used to sing when I was at school. Patterson, do you know that one? Good. It goes like this. Frere Jacques, Frere Jacques, dormez vous? Dormez vous? Very good. Now, keep singing. Hello. It's good to see you again. What brings you to the Bridge? Thank you. Thank you very much. And a wonderful job you did of it, too. Well, later this afternoon, we're going to finish the tour I promised you, starting with the battle bridge. I'll see you at fourteen hundred hours. You have the Bridge, Number One.
Come. Excellent. Tell me, Counsellor, with regard to my lecture, what do you think would provide greater clarity? A chronological structure, or the division of each excavation's findings into various religious, sociological and environmental sub-groupings? There is something to be said for a more scientific approach. By all means. It will need to be. Tomorrow I'll be addressing some of the greatest scientific minds in the Federation. Switzer, Klarc-Tarn-Droth, McFarland. Giants in the field of archaeology. Compared to them I'm just an enthusiastic amateur. Well, it's true, I have done my homework I have examined the findings of every archaeological expedition conducted on the planet surface. Indeed. Especially since we know so little about their origins. But I think that I have constructed some plausible theories of my own. Your support is appreciated, Counsellor. Vash. How did you get in here? I had no idea you were a member of the Archaeology Council. You are a member, aren't you? Why did you come to Tagus Three? Is that the only reason? I wish I could believe you. Excuse me. (he goes to the door) That's all right. Er, allow me to introduce you. This is Beverly, Doctor Beverly, Doctor Beverly Crusher. This is Vash. She's a friend of mine from the Archaeology Council. No. Yes. Yes. I, er Of course. I'm that glad you approve. By all means. Well, I suppose I'll see you then, then. Excuse me. (they go to a quiet corner) The reception seems to be going well. What would you have me tell them? It wouldn't be possible. It would be inappropriate. A Captain does not reveal his personal feelings with his crew. I'm sorry if you're upset. Splendid. [Ready room] Get out of my chair. We're not friends. What brings you here, Q? Have you been banished by the Continuum once again? Then what is it you want? A debt? I have no idea what you're talking about. We all make mistakes. Just be gone. That'll do nicely. Some other time, Q. Right now I have other matters to attend to. No thank you. No. They were sealed off more than a century ago. Out of the question. That would mean breaking Taguan law. My answer is still no. My lecture will have to stand on its own. Now, will you please leave my ship. Commander Riker, will you report to my Ready room? (Riker enters) I've just been paid a visit from Q. He wants to do something nice for me. It's me. Jean-Luc. [Vash's quarters] May I come in? (Picard enters) Let me try to explain. I am by no means embarrassed by your presence here. On the contrary. (then he spots a PADD on a table) What's this? A map of the ruins? I thought that I was the only reason you came to Tagus. Am I? This equipment will have to be confiscated. If the Taguans were to catch you down there. I remember. Which no doubt you sold for a very impressive profit. Not on board my ship. I will not allow it. Nor can I change who I am. So it would seem. (Picard leaves, and Q pokes his head through the hull) [Picard's quarters] (Picard has just got into bed when Q appears) I'm in no mood for your foolishness, Q. Whatever game you want to play will have to wait until tomorrow. What woman? You must be very bored, Q. Your imagination is running away with you. Believe what you wish. Stay away from her, Q. Is hereby nullified. I don't want your help, your advice, your favours or for that matter, you. Do you understand? Once and for all! Yes! Ladies and gentlemen, members of the Archaeology Council. Welcome. Mystery. It is the mystery of Tagus Three that brings us together today. It is a mystery that has invited more argument, more deduction, more speculation than the best works of fiction. And if you'll excuse the conceit, I want to tell you about my detective story. For several years now, I have been trying to unravel the secrets of Tagus Three. (a green hat appears on Crusher's head. Troi draws her attention to it) Needless to say, I've not succeeded. (Troi gets a red hat) However, I have, I believe, turned up some new information, that, if nothing else, raises a whole new set of mysteries and I hope that we can discuss them here together. (Riker acquires a quarterstaff) There have been nine hundred and forty seven known archaeological excavations conducted on the planet's surface. Of those, some seventy four are generally believed to have revealed findings of major importance. (Data gets a monk's habit and leg of meat) The earliest was some twenty two thousand years ago. (He notices what has been happening to his staff, then he is redressed in Errol Flynn era clothing with a long bow) What the hell? [Sherwood Forest] (a heavily Hollywood-isd version of the old ballads, with Picard as Robin, and the senior staff as the outlaws. This is my local tradition and I personally  hate the US messing with it....) Q! I doubt there are many oak trees on Tagus. No, I think this is supposed to be Earth, somewhere round about the twelfth century. And this is England, or to be more precise, Sherwood Forest. Or at least Q's recreation of it. Quite right, Number One. Or should I say, John Little. I know. Robin Hood. Quick, into the forest. Mister Worf. That's an order. Q. It's about time you showed up. We will no longer share in this pointless fantasy of yours. Consequences? Vash. My feelings toward Vash are irrelevant. I would attempt to save any innocent life, as you well know. Q, I ask you to put and end to this before someone gets hurt. Not we, Number One. I want you and the others to stay here until I return. This is not a mission. It's personal. It's between Q and myself. I don't want the rest of you involved. You have your orders, Commander. And I expect you to follow them. [Castle courtyard] (The headsman is having his axe sharpened on the grindstone) Vash, damn it, it's me! Yes, I know. My staff and I were brought here by an old adversary of mine named Q, and I'll tell you the rest of that once we're safe. Come, we don't have much time. They're waiting for us back at Sherwood Forest. That's right, now come on. It's an excellent one if you'll just hurry up. Only too well. You have a better one? And do what? Well that's brilliant. You really believe I would leave you here? You are the most stubborn woman I ever knew. (and puts her over his shoulder) (puts Vash down) You stay behind me. (Vash takes Picard's sword) My fault? If you hadn't grabbed my sword we'd be back in Sherwood by now. Oh, really? Not as a wedding present for Sir Guy? Do I? You should never have interfered. I was just trying to rescue you. Don't you worry. I won't. Can we just get this over with. Q, your game was for my benefit. She is innocent in all of this. Let her go. Very impressive. There's something you should know. I'm not from Nottingham. (and he runs Guy through on the stairs) [Marian's chamber] It's over, Q! Get us out of here. If you have hurt any of my people Enough of this. Computer, locate Council Member Vash. Well, this is a relief. I thought that perhaps Q had found Indeed? Surprised he's not busy gloating over his victory. I may not show my feelings to my crew, but I do have them. So, where are you off to now? Him? I'll tell you why not. He's devious, and amoral, and unreliable, and irresponsible, and, and definitely not to be trusted. As a matter of fact, it does. As payment in full for your debt to me, you will guarantee her safety.
Thank you, Lieutenant. It'll be good to have Counsellor Troi back, won't it, Number One? On main viewer. Open the frequency. Lieutenant Prieto, is Counsellor Troi all right? Main Engineering. How long before we can return to warp power? [Engineering] There is an emergency. We need warp drive. How long? We don't have it, Mister Lynch. Whatever it takes. Lieutenant, report! Engineering, status report. [Engineering] Warp eight. You heard the order, Mister Lynch. Make it so. What is this place, Mister Data? Standard orbit. Life signs? Data, can we beam up the injured? That's very unusual. Number One, prepare your away team. Doctor Crusher, have you been monitoring all this? What kind of problem, Number One? Maintain an open frequency. Is it a life form, Data? Theorise. [Planet surface] What is it, Number One? What are you seeing? [Planet surface] (As a vaguely humanoid shape rises wet and glistening from the slick) Easy, Number One. Let's find out what it is we're dealing with. Number One, I don't believe that the location of the crash and the proximity of the creature is a coincidence. [Planet surface] Number One! What's Lieutenant Yar's condition? Doctor Crusher, report! Transporter room, get them up, now. Transporter Room] Go to Yellow Alert, Lieutenant Worf. I'll be in Sickbay. Status, Doctor? Can you bring her back? Gone? Lieutenant Yar's death is very painful for all of us. We will have to deal with it as best we can for now. Until the shuttle crew is safely beamed aboard this ship, our feelings will have to wait. Is that understood? Lieutenant Worf, you are now Acting Chief of Security. Doctor, what is the state of the shuttle crew? A creature against whom we seem to have no defence. Number One? Are you saying it's attack on Yar was not arbitrary but part of some tactic? Agreed. Prepare your away team, Number One. Very good. Number One? [Planet surface] Number One. But not low enough to beam them out. Chart it. I want to see if there's a pattern. I'm beaming you up. [Planet surface] There are a great deal of fluctuations. And here, here, where the energy is lowest? It has something to do with Counsellor Troi. Somehow when it's dealing with her, the energy field is affected. I want to talk to her. I'm going to beam down. Lieutenant Worf, you have the conn. [Shuttlecraft] (Armus, and presumably Riker, are draped over the craft again) (to Data) Is Commander Riker alive? No. I want to see my people in the shuttle. Don't struggle, Data. Data. Armus, we're finished dealing with you. It doesn't matter. We will no longer be a source of amusement. Yes. You can. But only I can command them. They follow my orders. Only if you let me see my people on the shuttle first. I must see them. Then our business with you is concluded. I care. Which is why I must see them. Is he all right? Now, let me see the others. I will not allow my people to entertain you until you do. I want the four of you out of here. Enterprise, beam up the away team immediately. They're no longer involved. This is between you and me. Now. You want me to give you transportation? I must see my people in the shuttle. I have the means. But first I must see my people. Troi, are you all right? He's alive. No. Troi. Troi, we must talk. I believe it's possible to outmanoeuvre this creature, and beam you and Ben back up to the ship. We've been monitoring the energy field that surrounds the shuttle. When the creature is here, the field weakens. Do you know why? What caused the rage? Yes. Where do you want to go? Do you want to try to find those who left you here? How long have you been here? A long time to be alone. Because you feel unworthy. But our spirit, it is indomitable. A great poet once said, 'all spirits are enslaved that serve things evil'. Oh, no, you are not. Yes. So here you are. Feeding on your own loneliness. Consumed by your own pain. Believing your own lies. [Bridge] You say you are true evil? Shall I tell you what true evil is? It is to submit to you. It is when we surrender our freedom, our dignity, instead of defying you. But you will still be here. In this place. For ever. Alone. Immortal. [Bridge] That's your real fear. Never to die. Never again to be united with those who left you here. [Bridge] I'm not taking you anywhere. (Armus screams with rage as Picard is beamed away) Captain's log, stardate 41602.1. The shuttlecraft has been destroyed to prevent any possibility of Armus leaving the planet. Vagra Two will be declared off limits. But the damage has been done. One of the saddest duties I've ever had to perform is now ahead of me. [Holodeck - meadow] We are here together to honour our friend and comrade, Lieutenant Natasha Yar. Coming to terms with the loss of a colleague is perhaps the most difficult tasks we must face in the work we have chosen to pursue. We will all find time to grieve for her in the days that are ahead, but for now she has asked that we celebrate her life with this. (An image of Tasha appears on a stand) Au revoir, Natasha. The gathering is concluded. (Everyone but Picard and Data leave, sniffing a bit) Oh? How so? No, you didn't, Data. You got it. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Time, Mister Data? Enterprise to Romulan vessel. We are en route to your position. Repeat your last transmission. Picard to Riker. [Transporter room] Transport to the Romulan ship as soon as we're within range. (La Forge and Ro are on the transporter pads) Mister Data, begin a level one diagnostic. All transporter systems offline until further notice. Could they have materialised somewhere else? Counsellor? (Troi shakes her head) Go ahead, Number One. [Romulan Engineering] Mister Data, you may continue the diagnostic of the transporter systems at another time. Take a shuttlecraft and two more engineers down to the Romulan ship. Mister McDowell, alert the main shuttlebay to have all available ships and pilots standing by in case we need them. Ensign, lay in a course away from the Romulan vessel. Engage at warp one if you detect any sign it's going to explode. [Romulan Engineering] Understood, Number One. We'll stand by for your signal. (Worf and Varel have got to the manual latches and undone them) Understood, Commander. Keep us informed of your efforts. Picard out. I'll be in Sickbay. We've already checked those possibilities. The initial findings would seen to indicate that there was a radiation surge from the Romulan engine core which disrupted the signal. They never rematerialised. Beverly, we've done everything that we can. None that I know of, but I'll check with the Bajoran liaison Office. Picard to Riker. Good. [Bridge] What is the status of the engine replacement? Very well. By all means. Permission granted. Make whatever arrangements you think are appropriate. That would explain why they're so far away from Romulan space. To avoid being picked up on Federation long range scans. Commander, there'll be a memorial service at twenty three hundred hours this evening. Mister Data is making arrangements. You did know La Forge longer than any of us. When you're ready, coordinate with Mister Data. On screen. Understood. Disconnect the power-transfer beam. It was our pleasure, Mirok. And I hope that this example of cooperation between our two peoples will not be an isolated incident. Set a course for the Garadius system. Warp six. Very well. Let me know when you finished your sweep. You have the Bridge, Mister McDowell. I'll be at the service in Ten Forward. Deck ten. I've been thinking about the first time I met Geordi La Forge. He was a young officer assigned to pilot me on an inspection tour, and I made some off hand remark about the shuttle's engine efficiency not being what it should. And the next morning I found that he'd stayed up all night refitting the fusion initiators. Well, I knew then that I wanted him with me on my next command. Have you decided what you're going to say about Ensign Ro? Situations like these are never easy, Number One. RO: Why? What wasn't easy? What? [Ten Forward] (a party is in full swing, complete with jazz band, balloons) Well, this is unusual. if she hadn't lost her rank as a result of that incident at Garon Four, I think she would've made Lieutenant Commander by now. Go ahead. Stand by, Ensign. I would like to get under way as soon as possible. The situation on Garadius Four is becoming serious. Excellent. Mister McDowell, will you set course for Garadius Four and engage at Very well. Did you see that, Mister Data? These were not ghosts. what did we see? Are you saying that they're still alive? That was Commander Geordi La Forge, Ensign. Please follow his instructions.
Several? Acamarians? Then that would suggest the Gatherers. Mister Crusher, set course for the Acamar system. Their raids have made this sector unsafe. They've ransacked our research facilities, our trade routes have been disrupted. Hunting them down is not what I am proposing. Eighteen years? They're still your people. Despite your progress, you are a divided society, and so it will remain until the Gatherers return to Acamar. But there is so much to gain and there is so little to lose by the effort. The problem affects us all. It cannot be ignored. [Bridge] Sovereign Marouk, welcome to the Bridge. How soon will you be ready to leave Acamar? Mister Data? Mister Crusher, set course for the Hromi Cluster. Make it so. Sovereign. Brull! Sit down! Please. Please. Now, we're here to talk. Brull, she's here, isn't she? Commander. But you'll agree it is enough to present to your leader. Brull, in twenty days, I hope to be very far away from here. We'll gladly take you with us on the Enterprise. How many of your men do you want to accompany you? Brull, will you show Mister Crusher the course to set to the Hromi Cluster? And these blood feuds could last for decades? It's not unlike much the history of my own planet. (Troi and Riker enter) Your people prepare a warm welcome. Mister Worf, contact Chorgan. Tell him Brull has brought us to talk. Mister Worf, can we knock out their shields without seriously damaging their ship? Prepare phasers and open a channel. Chorgan, this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise. All right, let's focus their attention. Mister Worf, fire phasers. Well done, Lieutenant. That's better. On screen. Chorgan, if I had wanted you destroyed, you would not be talking to me now. Obviously, I wanted something else. I have on board Sovereign Marouk of Acamar Three. I want you to hear what she and Brull have to say. You have no choice. Prepare to receive us. We're beaming on board. Picard out. Cancel Red Alert. Tell Sovereign Marouk meet me in transporter three. The danger is minimal, Number One. Chorgan is unlikely to do anything rash with the Enterprise's phasers trained on his ship. For these negotiations to succeed I must be a mediator, not an enforcer. You have the Bridge, Number One. Brull. [Chorgan's ship] Chorgan, this is Sovereign Marouk. Chorgan, I think you will find Marouk's proposal Then let's proceed. She is trying to put an end to all that. Sovereign, we can at least acknowledge that Chorgan appears willing to discuss your offer. Sovereign, if the situation were reversed, I'm sure you would be demanding equal levels of representation. Perhaps a brief pause would be helpful. You know, thank you, it is remarkable how very much alike the two of you actually are. No, I'm quite serious. You are both able negotiators, strong leaders. You're wrong, Chorgan. We've agreed to have some brandy together. (Yuta is serving Marouk when Riker beams in. He has to stun a Gatherer guard) Chorgan, I assure you, my First Officer has a good reason for his actions. You do, Number One? Oh, yes, thank you. New orders from Starfleet. The rendezvous. (to waiter) Nothing, thank you. The rendezvous with the Goddard has been postponed. Starbase three four three. We're to take on medical supplies for the Alpha Leonis system. With the Gatherer truce in effect, it certainly should be. We won't require a full ship's complement. I'm going to extend shore leave on the starbase to anyone who wants it.
Mister Data? Please inform the Academy, Mister Worf, and send my regards to Superintendant Brand. We've met a few times. She's a formidable woman. My superintendent was a Betazoid, a full telepath. When he sent for you to his office, he didn't have to ask what you'd done. On screen. In my Ready room. [Ready room] Admiral Brand. What can I do for you? Yes. He had second degree burns on his chest and multiple fractures of his right arm, but he's going to be fine. (curses, mutters the transcriber whose hopes had been raised by the teaser) I'm not certain. Beverly. He's fine. Apparently, his squadron was practicing on the Academy flight range near Saturn. they were flying a close formation. There was a collision. All five ships were destroyed. Four of the cadets managed to transport out. One didn't make it. Yes. His name was Joshua Albert. Beverly, Wesley's alive and he's well. [Academy hearing room] (The Admiral is addressing a pair of parents, Picard, Crusher and another Starfleet officer) This is an unhappy way to begin commencement. If you require any assistance, then the Enterprise is at your disposal. How are you feeling, Wesley? Would you like to talk about it? I understand. But I just want you to know I'm available if you should change your mind. At ease, Cadet. Mister Locarno. I'm afraid that never gets easier. I'll see you at the inquiry. Good to meet you, Mister Locarno. Boothby? Jean-Luc Picard, class of twenty seven. How are you? Let me give you a hand. I've acquired an interest over the years. Will rot. You sound surprised. Well, it was all in the legs, all that running I did. Boothby. I don't think I ever. I don't think I ever told you how much I appreciate. Yes, there is. I just wanted to, while I was here. Look, you know as well as I do I would never have graduated if you Nevertheless. At the time I thought you were a mean-spirited, vicious old man. I didn't speak to you for months. Did you know the boy from Nova Squadron who was killed? Well, it's unusual to fly on sensors alone in this type of manoeuvre. The pilot relies on visual clues from the other ships to maintain formation. Yes, that may well be. But Wesley's one of our own. Good. I've spoken with Admiral Brand and she's agreed to allow us access to all of the physical evidence and testimony. Thank you, gentlemen. [Wesley's room] You could use a good herbicide instead of pulling the weeds with your bare hands. Boothby, tell me some more about Nova Squadron. No, it isn't. The final game against Minsk. We had a lot to celebrate. Our team wasn't supposed to win. We were very proud of them. Report. Did Wesley's flight recorder indicate that there was anything unusual about the ship or the way it was operating? Filling the primary coolant tanks requires an open interlock but that can only be performed in a maintenance bay. Is there any other reason for opening the valve? Ignite the plasma. That's exactly what they were trying to do. [Ready room] Come. Can you tell me what manoeuvre this is? (on the PADD we see five ships go into a circle, cross each other's paths and light up a five pointed star) Five ships crossing within ten metres of each other and igniting their plasma trails. One of the most spectacular and difficult demonstrations of precision flying. It hasn't been performed at the Academy team in over a hundred years. Do you know why? An accident in which all five cadets lost their lives. I think that Nicholas Locarno wanted to end his Academy career in a blaze of glory. That he convinced the four of you to learn the Kolvoord Starburst for the commencement demonstration. If it worked, you would thrill the assembled guests and Locarno would graduate as a living legend. Only it didn't work, and Joshua Albert paid the price. Am I correct? Cadet, I asked you a question. Am I correct? You choose not to answer? But you've already given an answer to the inquiry, and that answer was a lie. What you neglected to mention was that following the loop your team attempted a manoeuvre that was the direct cause of the crash. You told the truth up to a point. But a lie of omission is still a lie. Do you remember the day you first came aboard this ship? Your mother brought you on the Bridge. You even sat in my chair. I was annoyed. Presumptuous child playing on my ship. But I never forgot how you already knew every control, every display. You behaved as though you belonged on the Bridge. And then later when I decided to make you an acting ensign, I was convinced you could be an outstanding officer. I've never questioned that conviction, until now. The first duty of every Starfleet officer is to the truth. Whether it's scientific truth, or historical truth, or personal truth. It is the guiding principle upon which Starfleet is based. If you can't find it within yourself to stand up and tell the truth about what happened you don't deserve to wear that uniform. I'm going to make this simple for you, Mister Crusher. Either you come forward and tell Admiral Brand what really took place, or I will. Dismissed. [Wesley's room] Mister Locarno has been expelled. They very nearly did. Mister Locarno made an impassioned plea for the rest of you. He said that he'd used his influence as squadron leader to convince you to attempt the Kolvoord manoeuvre and then to cover up the truth. He asked to take full responsibility. You should feel bad, and you will pay for what you've done. Admiral Brand has decided that in addition to a formal reprimand, your academic credits for the past year will be cancelled and you will not advance with your class. It's not going to be easy, staying here on campus, everyone knowing what you did. You have difficult times ahead. You knew what you had to do. I just made sure you listened to yourself. Goodbye, Cadet.
As a result, we won't be able to rendezvous with the Kearsarge for another four days. Yes. And, as it would seem we're in for a relatively quiet time, I shall use this opportunity to visit the Hatarian System. There are some ancient ruins that are just being excavated. We could use this time to recalibrate the weapon targeting array. Mister Worf? Very good. Dismissed. Lieutenant, could I have a word with you for a moment? (Riker and Data leave) I noticed several times during the briefing that you appeared to be a bit distracted. Is everything all right? Oh, I see. But he's had so little opportunity to spend time with Klingons. You know, the festival of Kot'baval is tomorrow. If he could take part in that, I'm sure he would more fully appreciate what a rich cultural heritage he comes from. There is the Klingon outpost on Maranga Four. I'm sure they'll be celebrating the festival. The Enterprise could be there in a fraction of the time, and still be back in time for the rendezvous. Mister Worf, Stellar Dynamics would like nothing better than a trip around the nebula.
A few more hours. Why? Well, we are due at Starbase six two one tomorrow morning, but we could delay for a few days. Yes, I'm sure we could find the time. I would enjoy that tour. Caldos Colony is a most impressive accomplishment. I actually feel as if I'm in the Scottish Highlands. Tell me, Governor, I'm curious. You're obviously not Scots yourself. What was it that drew you here? It would seem the Howard women have exceptionally vigorous libidos. Thirties? Well it looks like we're going to be on Caldos for a few days more. This will be a good opportunity to get your grandmother's affairs in order. Thirties? [Crusher's quarters] (Beverly is in bed reading the journal when she dozes off. The unlit lamp flickers briefly, then her nightgown is moved from her shoulder) On screen. Bridge to Engineering. Mister Data, we're reading [Engineering] An extremely large storm system over the Caldos colony. [Bridge] I thought that the weather control malfunction was not severe. [Engineering] Make it so. [Howard home] (Beverly enters, soaked from the storm. The house is filled with camellias) What the hell is going on? Fog. Mister Data, disengage the power transfer. Make it so. (Data leaves) In the meantime, I think I'll go get my jacket. [Weather control station] Beverly, what the hell is this? Belay that order. Beverly, you can't just resign. Do you think this Ronin could be exerting some sort of influence over her? That it's because of him that she's staying? This is a rash decision, ill considered. It's not like Beverly at all. Come. Where? Data, I want you to go down to the cemetery. See if you can pinpoint the source. In the meantime, I would like to meet with this Ronin. [Graveyard] (it is night) Beverly? Sorry I startled you. I knocked but there was no answer. The door was open. I hope you don't mind. Well, I'd hoped to meet your new friend, Ronin. Well, perhaps I could wait, if you don't mind. I'm really anxious to meet this remarkable young man who swept away not just one, but two of the Howard women. Have you changed the colour of your eyes? I think that I preferred your eyes the way they were before. I think I preferred you the way you were before, Beverly. Oh, no, there's something's wrong here. Now, Beverly, this is more than just an obsessive love affair that has got out of hand. Tell me, why is it that no one has seen this Ronin except you? So, you're Ronin. It's a pleasure to meet you. Where are you from? How long have you been on Caldos? Go ahead, Data. Why not? What are you afraid of? Data, ask Governor Maturin's permission to exhume the body. Picard out. Go on. I wouldn't be surprised if he doesn't know who you are. He'll probably have the same questions that I do. How did you get here? What ship did you come on? Why don't you answer my questions? What ship? I'd like to look at the passenger list. Where have you been living here? What's your position? Who are your neighbours? (Ronin vanishes) Come on, Beverly, we've got to get out of here. (Picard touches Beverly and gets zapped by green) I'm all right. Beverly, go after him. Go to the cemetery. [Graveyard]
Mirasta Yale? My name is Jean-Luc Picard. This is my associate Deanna Troi. About space. About the universe you are preparing to enter. We've been monitoring your progress toward warp-drive capability. When a society reaches your level of technology and is clearly about to initiate warp travel, we feel the time is right for first contact. We prefer meeting like this, rather than a random confrontation in deep space. We almost always encounter shock and fear on this sort of mission. We hope that you will help us facilitate our introduction. It's certainly no joke. As you can see, we are physically quite different from Malcorians. And, with your permission, I'm prepared to prove it to you. Picard to Enterprise. Three to beam up. [Ten Forward] (Mirasta is enthralled by the view of her world from above) We learn as much as possible about a planet before we make first contact. Indeed, we do get an incomplete picture, which is why we also do surface reconnaissance. These are specialists, highly trained observation teams, superficially identical to yourselves and therefore able to blend naturally into your society. You see, we have discovered that the most hazardous aspect of these missions is a lack of sufficient information There is a difficulty here, one that has forced us to accelerate this entire process. One of our people is missing. My First Officer, Commander William Riker. He was down on the planet surface, coordinating with the observation team the final details of contact. He disappeared. My people have made enquiries but they've not been able to locate him. If there is anything you can help What about Durken? But with the disappearance of Commander Riker, wouldn't it be prudent And this is the Bridge. Here we have Environmental and Engineering stations, mission operations, and the two principal science stations. Data, allow me to introduce Chancellor Avel Durken and Space Administrator Mirasta Yale. Commander Data is my Second Officer. Certainly. Mister Data, will you escort the Minister to the transporter room? Chancellor. (Picard and Durken leave) I've been saving this for a special occasion. My brother on Earth produces fruit known as grapes, which he turns into wine. He's really quite good at it. Chancellor, we have a tradition called a toast. It is a drink to salute one's friends and good fortune, and I would like to propose a toast to a new friendship. I think we shall find we have much in common. An opportunity to learn from one another. Trust requires time and experience. We are not here as conquerors, Chancellor. A beginning. But how we proceed is entirely up to you. There'll be no conflict. We will leave and never return. Chancellor, we are here only to help guide you into a new era. I can assure you we will not interfere in the natural development of your planet. That is, in fact, our Prime Directive. That is not the whole meaning, but it is part of it. Chancellor, to instantly transform a society with technology would be harmful and it would be destructive, And how shall you answer them tonight, Chancellor? Chancellor. I know how busy you are. In what respect? Commander Riker? Mirasta said it would be a mistake to discuss this with you. It was my error, not hers. Chancellor, there is no starship mission more dangerous than that of first contact. We never know what we will face when we open the door on a new world, how we will be greeted, what exactly the dangers will be. Centuries ago, a disastrous contact with the Klingon Empire led to decades of war. It was decided then we would do surveillance before making contact. It was a controversial decision. I believe it prevented more problems than it created. In time there would have been full disclosure. I can only ask you to believe that. On other worlds it would not be an issue. But here, everything our observers reported indicated that the people of this world would almost certainly react negatively to our arrival. We could see that even surveillance might even be interpreted as an act of aggression. I hoped that we would have found Commander Riker before you did so the matter would not complicate our introduction. It was a mistake. Like it? Chancellor, I have made some fine ones in my time. Now, I must ask you, will you release my officer? Enterprise, one to beam up. [Riker's hospital room] Go ahead, Doctor. Acknowledged. We'll meet you on the Enterprise. Picard out. [Sickbay] (Picard, Durken and Mirasta enter) It's a defensive weapon. Have you been able to ascertain what happened? Well, it's your decision, Chancellor. But I must say, I regret that I won't have the opportunity of knowing your people better. How will you keep us a secret when so many have seen and heard so much? We may not be back here in your lifetime. And I have to believe that you cannot be fully prepared for the realities of space travel. Mister Worf to my Ready room. (Worf enters) Escort Chancellor Durken to the transporter room, Lieutenant. And assign quarters to Minister Yale. She will be remaining on board. Until we return, then.
(in dressing gown) Counsellor! What's today's date? The date! 47988. 47988. I'm not sure. I don't know how or why, but I'm moving back and forth through time. [Troi's quarters] I had this feeling I had physically left the Enterprise. I was in another time, another place. I was somewhere in the past. You see, it's all slipping away so fast. It's like waking up from a nightmare. It was years ago. It was before I took command of the Enterprise. I was talking to someone, I can't remember who. And then it all changed. I was no longer in the past. I was now an old man in the future, and I was outside and I was doing something. I can't remember what it was. I'm sorry, it's all gone. I just can't remember. No, no, it was much more than a dream. The smells, the sounds, the very touch of things, much more real than a dream. You see, I can't say. At first I had a sense of confusion, disorientation. I wasn't sure where I was. And then all that passed and it all seemed perfectly natural, as though I belonged in that time. But I can't [Future Vineyard] (Picard is bearded and working outside on a grape vine. He looks around for a moment then carries on tying them onto their supports.) Geordi. (They embrace. Geordi has blue eyes and grey in his hair) Oh, I haven't been called that for some time either. How about Jean-Luc? Good Lord, Geordi. Well, how long has it been? No, no, no. Since you last called me Captain, since we were all together on the Enterprise? Twenty five years. Well, time has been good to you. Oh, well, I'm just tying up some vines. How is Leah? What about the little ones, Brett, Alandra and er? Sidney. So what brings you here? Geordi, you don't make the trip from Rigel Three to Earth just to drop by. So, you've heard? I'm not an invalid. Irumodic Syndrome can take years to run its course. Well now that you're here, you can help me carry those tools. Well, my cooking may not be up to Leah's standards, but I can still make a decent cup of tea. Oh, I read your last novel. I thought that the protagonist a little too flamboyant, but for the rest I (he sees three tatty people jeering at him) I'm sorry, Lieutenant. My mind must have wandered. What were you saying? No. Of course, I'm familiar with the blueprints and specifications, but this will be my first time aboard. I'm sure she is. No. It's just that you look very familiar. Tasha. I was just with Tasha in the shuttle. [Sickbay] Actually, I really like running around the ship in my bare feet. A defect that you hadn't noticed before? If that's so, why do you look like you've just signed my death sentence? I wouldn't worry about it. Something tells me that you're going to have to put up with me for a long time to come. Has Worf found anything? I wasn't dreaming. Something happened. Go ahead, Mister Worf. Beverly? Mister Worf, will you route the call through to Doctor Crusher's office. Admiral. Is there any explanation why they would make such a blatantly aggressive move? What are our orders? Am I authorised to enter the Neutral Zone? Understood. This is not my time. I don't belong here. I was somewhere else a few moments ago. No, no, no! I was somewhere else. I was, it was a long time ago. There was someone talking. I was talking to someone. Beverly. I was talking to Beverly. I'm not senile, you know. This did happen. I was here, I was talking to you, and then I was somewhere else. I was on the Enterprise. I was back on the Enterprise. At least, I think that's where it was. I was in Sickbay. Well, it might have been a hospital. Yes, yes, I know what you're thinking. It's the Irumodic Syndrome. He's beginning to lose his mind, the old man. Well, it's not that. And I'm not daydreaming either. Data. I want to see Data. Because I think he can help. I don't know! I don't know! I want to see Data! Yes, I think he is. (six tatty humans jeering) You see them, don't you? They're everywhere. They're laughing at me. Why are they laughing? Yes, Data. We'll go see Data. [Future Cambridge University - Data's library] (a roaring fire, plenty of cats and an obviously fake streak of white in his hair) I know how it sounds but it happened. It was real. I was there, back on board the Enterprise. Tea? Earl Grey. Hot. Nothing. Well, Data, I must say, this is a fine place you have here. They certainly treat professors pretty well at Cambridge You say this is Earl Grey? I'd swear that it was Darjeeling. (Jessel leaves) A week. They've prescribed peridaxon. Yes, I know, it's not a cure, There's nothing that can prevent the deterioration of the synaptic pathways. You think that I'm senile, that all this is just a delusion. That's the Data that I remember. I knew I could count on you. [Past Shuttlebay] To Captain Jean-Luc Picard, stardate 41148 (three people jeering from the upper level) You are hereby requested and required to take command (four of them behind him) to take command of the USS Enterprise as of this date. Signed Rear Admiral Norah Satie, Starfleet Command. (just as he goes to shake Troi's hand, he sees more) Red Alert! All crew to battle stations. (Guy Vardeman, Colm Meaney and the others hesitate) Report. Noted. Counsellor, do you sense anything unusual on board the Enterprise? Perhaps an alien presence that doesn't belong here, maybe one operating on a level of intelligence far superior to our own? Mister Worf, initiate a level two security alert on all decks until further notice. No, of course not. Lieutenant, security alert two. We're on our way, Chief. [Past - Bridge] This tells me that a large spatial anomaly has appeared in the Neutral Zone, in the Devron System. No, we'll proceed to Farpoint. You heard me. Mister Worf, will you man your station. I've no intention of explaining to anyone. We will proceed with our mission to Farpoint as planned. Chief O'Brien, am I right in thinking that you're having a problem with the warp plasma inducers. Well I know how to get them back online. You're with me. We'll be in main Engineering. [Past - Engineering] Mister O'Brien, will you use these specifications to bypass the secondary plasma inducer. But the Chief Engineer isn't on board. Mister O'Brien, trust me. I know you can do it. All those years you spent as a child building those model starship engines. They were well worth it. From your Starfleet records. Commander Data, welcome on board. It's so very good to see you. I could use your help with the infuser array. As you can see, we're having difficulty with the plasma conduits. It happened again. Yes. It's still a little vague, but I can remember more this time. It seems that every time I shift periods, I can retain more memory. At first, it appeared that I was in the future, years from now, and then I was in the past just before our first mission. Counsellor, do you remember when I first came on board the Enterprise? What happened after the welcoming ceremony? Do you have any memory of my calling Red Alert in Spacedock? Do you remember Starfleet diverting us from Farpoint to the Neutral Zone to investigate a spatial anomaly? For all I know, I may find the same thing in the future. These are all very important questions, and perhaps I will find answers to them in the past, but now we have a potentially dangerous threat from the Romulans. I want all departments to present a battle readiness report to me at oh eight hundred hours tomorrow morning. Dismissed. I want continuous subspace sweeps. We may be able to detect a temporal disturbance. Will, this time shifting. When it happens I experience a momentary disorientation. If that should happen during a crisis, I want you to take command immediately. Number One? Speaking of disorientation, are you all right? You have the Bridge, Number One. I'll be in my Ready room. [Ready room] Come. What's this? Beverly. Yes, sir. What? Hey, Beverly? But you said yourself that this is only a possibility. I prefer to look on the future as something which is not written in stone. A lot of things can happen in twenty five years. (they kiss) Yes. What is it? Have we reached the Neutral Zone? Sorry. I was in the past again. What's going on? No, no, no. No, we have to get to the Neutral Zone. In the other two time periods, Starfleet reported a sort of a spatial anomaly in, in, in the Devron system. In Devron system in the Neutral Zone. If the anomaly appeared there in the past, then it might be here too and we have to find out. But if it is here, then it means something. Damn it, Geordi, I know what we have to do! Right. Right. Klingons. In this time period, the Klingons have taken over the Romulan Empire. I know that. I haven't completely lost my mind, you know. Right. Now, I think it's time to call in some old favours. Contact Admiral Riker, Starbase two four seven. (later) Will, if this spatial anomaly really is in the Devron System. Well I don't believe it! What if their long range scanners are faulty? We have to go there and see for ourselves. Will, that is just not good enough. Damn him, anyway. After all we've been through together. He's been sitting behind that desk too long. Medical ship? Yes. Yes! I think I can arrange that. Data, find the USS Pasteur. I have some pull with the Captain. At least, I used to have. [Future - USS Pasteur Bridge] (Captained by Beverly Picard) Let's just choose one. So, did you get my message? Oh. So that's why you married me. Yes, that's it. Worf. Yes, that's the answer. Worf will help us. So, you kept the name. No, I'm fine. I don't need rest. Look, you are treating me as if I am an invalid. I do have a few years left in me yet. I do not want to be led around, and I do not want to be patronised. Now, I'll go and get some rest. (Picard leaves) We'll find the anomaly. I know we will. (and steps out into) [Past - Bridge] Report. Is there anything unusual in the vicinity, Mister Data? There should be a barrier of some sort nearby. A large plasma field, highly disruptive. This is the right time, the right place. He should be here now. Q! We're here! This has gone on long enough! Counsellor, do you sense an alien presence? I don't understand. This is not the way it's supposed to happen. Maintain this position. I'll be in my Ready room. [Courtroom] (but instead of the Ready room he walks into the courtroom from Encounter at Farpoint wearing his season 7 uniform) Q. I knew it. What's going on? The last time that I stood here was seven years ago. You accused me of being the representative of a barbarous species. We demonstrated to you that mankind had become peaceful and benevolent. You agreed and you let us go on our way. Now why am I standing here again? Are you putting mankind on trial again? Is there any connection between the trial seven years ago and whatever's going on now? The spatial anomaly in the Neutral Zone, is it related to what's happening? Is it part of a Romulan plot, a ploy to start a war? That's only four. Did you create the anomaly? Are you responsible for my shifting through time? Why? Guilty of what? We've journeyed to countless new worlds, we've contacted new species, we have expanded our understanding of the universe. We are what we are, and we're doing the best we can. It is not for you to set the standards by which we should be judged. You're going to deny us travel through space? Q, I do not believe that even you are capable of such an act. Me? What sort of meaningless doubletalk is this? Commander, assemble the senior staff and go to Red alert. We have a bigger problem than I thought. Normally I would agree with you, but this time I feel that somehow it is different. There was a deadly earnestness about him. I think he's serious. Which means that in some fashion, I am going to be the cause of the destruction of humanity. So what am I going to do? Lock myself in a room in all three different time periods? Agreed. I've been thinking about my conversation with Q. He admitted that he was responsible for my shifting through time. Now it occurred to me that he might be giving me a chance somehow to save humanity. Well, he's always had a certain fascination with humanity, with myself in particular. I think he has more than a passing interest in what happens to me. If I weren't travelling through time I would never have realized that the anomaly in the Neutral Zone appeared there in the past as well. Assuming that's an important piece of a larger puzzle, my ability to shift through time may be the key to understanding what's going on. Go ahead. We're on our way. [Bridge] All stop. Initiate long range scans. We are. Mister Worf, hail the Romulan flagship. On screen. But surely, Worf, you must still have some influence. We have to get into the Neutral Zone. Can't you just get us permission to cross the border? I don't care what kind of ship we go in. We have to get to the Devron System. I know that I'm an old man and I'm out of touch, but the Worf that I remember was more concerned with things like honour and loyalty than rules and regulations. But that was a long time ago. Maybe you're not the Worf once I knew. Because it always works, Worf. Your problem is that you really do have a sense of honour and you really do care about trust and loyalty. Don't blame me for knowing you so well. Terms accepted. (transmission ends) Engage. [Past - Bridge] Set a course for the Devron system, and engage at warp nine. I'm aware of that, Lieutenant. Carry out my orders, Chief. Yes of course, Counsellor. Contact Farpoint Station. I wish to speak with Commander Riker. They don't trust me. They think that I'm behaving erratically. I understand, but I also know what this crew is capable of, even if they don't. I know it's difficult operating in the dark, but right now I don't think I have any other choice. Excuse me. Put him through here. Commander Riker. I wanted to inform you that we'll be delayed in picking you up at Farpoint Station. (we see Farpoint Riker on the monitor, but cut away when he's supposed to be speaking) I can't say. I'll keep you updated. Will you inform Doctor Crusher and Lieutenant La Forge of our delay? Is there anything else, Counsellor? What about him? I see. Do you think this will interfere with your duties? I appreciate your telling me, but I'm quite sure that the two of you will find some way to deal with the situation. Tea, Earl Grey, hot. There is an alternative, Tomolak. We each know why we're here. We could each send one ship into the Neutral Zone to investigate the anomaly in the Devron System. No. There is no need to make threats. We each know the consequences. Helm, set course for the Devron system, warp five. Engage. (whoosh, and later) All stop. On screen. Full scan, Mister Data. We have to get as much information as possible about that anomaly. [Past - Bridge] All stop. On screen. Then it is larger in the past. Nothing. Full scan, Mister Data. On screen! On screen! Let's see it! (just a starfield) I don't understand. It was here in the other two time periods. Why isn't it here now? You're not thinking about leaving? There should be! There has to be! Data, is there some other way to scan for a temporal disturbance? Something that isn't covered in a normal sensor sweep. That's it. Make it so. But six more hours may not be enough. We have to stay here until we find it, no matter how long it takes. Beverly, I cannot believe that you are not willing to stay here until we Damn it, I was just trying to. Look, there are larger concerns here. What you don't understand is that You're right. I was out of line. It won't happen again. But what you have to understand is what is at stake here. Q has said that all of humanity will be destroyed. What? Q? What is going on here? Where is the anomaly? Answer me. What help? My time shifting. The answer does lie there, doesn't it. Now, tell me one thing. This anomaly we're looking for, will that destroy humanity? By doing what? When? How can [Bridge] Report, Mister Data. What is the source of this energy? What if we modified the main deflector to emit an inverse tachyon pulse. That might be able to scan beyond the subspace barrier. That might give us some idea of what the interior of this thing looks like. I have some friends who are quite well versed in it. Make it so. How is this possible? Anti-time? So if time and anti-time were to collide Data, what could have caused this collision of time and anti-time? [Past - Bridge] I believe that if you modify the deflectors to send out an inverse tachyon pulse, then you'll find that the anomaly is a rupture between time and anti-time. I don't have time to discuss it now, Mister Data. Do the modifications and send out the pulse. Then try working on a theory as to what caused this rupture. Mister O'Brien, how large is this anomaly? I don't understand why it's bigger in the past. Lieutenant, you have the Bridge. I'll be in my Ready room. What's going on? Weapons status? We have to stop it! We don't have time for this. The Pasteur's core is going to breach. No, Will, we can't! We have to save humanity. Will, don't leave! We have to stay here and find what is causing the temporal anomaly. We have to! Everything depends on it! We can't leave now! Please, listen to me! (Beverly knocks him out with a hypo) [Corridor] (as Picard passes out in the future, he bumps into a crewman in the present) [Sickbay] How is she? So this is affecting the entire crew. We have to find out how widespread this effect is. Contact Starbase Twenty three, that's the nearest outpost. Have them check their personnel to see if there are any signs of temporal reversion. Mister Data, how close are you to completing the tachyon scan? Good. When it's done I want you to find some way of collapsing this anomaly without making things worse. Give me a risk analysis of whatever solution you come up with. Dismissed. (Data, Troi and Riker leave) Why? Will that cause the destruction of mankind? Home? Q, is there any point to all this? So the anomaly is here too, at Earth. The further back in time, the larger the anomaly. Are you saying that I caused the anomaly, and that the anomaly somehow disrupted the beginnings of life on Earth? Let's concentrate on how this anomaly was initially formed. Speculation? Is there any way that we can scan the interior? Do you know what could? Data do we have a tomographic imaging scanner on board? Can you use it to scan the interior of the anomaly? What is it? Three pulses, from three time periods, converging at one point in space. Computer, where is Admiral Riker? Ensign. How do I get to Ten Forward? Thank you. [Future - Ten Forward] Will! Will, I know why it's happening. I know what's causing the anomaly. We have to go back. Damn it Will, I know why it's happening. We caused the anomaly with the tachyon pulse. It happened three times, Will. We did it in three different time periods! Will you leave me alone? Damn it, I'm not stupid. Will, the tachyon pulses, they were used in the same spot in three different time periods. Don't you see? When the tachyon pulse used. I mean, I mean when the Pasteur used the tachyon pulse, then, then, we I mean everything started, Will. We set everything in motion. It's like the chicken and the egg, Will, the chicken and the egg! We think it started in the past but it didn't. It started right here, in the future. That's why it's getting larger in the past. Yes! Right. That's it. Yes. That's why it gets larger in the past. It grows as it travels backwards in time. Go back, Will. We go back to the Devron System. I was right. We must stop it here so it can't travel back through time. The next time I'm there, it's the first thing I'll do. Data, disengage the tachyon pulse. Do it. The convergence of the tachyon pulses from the three time periods is what is causing the anomaly. Is there any change in the anomaly? [Past - Bridge] Disengage the tachyon pulse. I know that. But it is imperative that you disengage the tachyon pulse immediately. Why isn't the anomaly being affected? I've shut off the tachyon pulses in the other time periods but it hasn't changed the anomaly. That could be a problem. The anomaly's so much larger in the other two time periods [Past - Bridge] It may be dangerous to take the ship in. Into the anomaly, Chief. Lay in a course for the exact centre and transfer all available power to the shields. No, Lieutenant, I cannot. I understand your concerns, Lieutenant, and I know if I were in your position I would be doing the same thing. Looking for answers. But you're not going to find any because I don't have any to give you. I know it is difficult for you to understand, but we have to take the ship into the very centre of the phenomenon and create a static warp shell. Now, this will put the ship at risk. Quite frankly, we may not survive. But I want you to believe that I am doing this for a greater purpose, and that what is at stake here is more than any of you can possibly imagine. I know you have your doubts about me, about each other, about the ship. All I can say is that although we have only been together for a short time, I know that you are the finest crew in the fleet and I would trust each of you with my life. So, I am asking you for a leap of faith, and to trust me. Take us in, Chief. [Bridge] A static warp shell. It could repair the barrier and collapse the anomaly. Mister Data, you're a clever man in any time period. Helm, lay in a course for the centre of the anomaly and prepare to initiate a static warp shell. The other two Enterprises, they're on their way. All hands, brace for impact! Maintain course and speed. Mister Data, how long until we reach the centre? Initiate warp shell! [Bridge] No, we have to maintain the static warp shell as long as possible! Transfer emergency power to the antimatter containment system! Maintain position! Mister La (KaBOOM!) [Future - Bridge] Data, report! Are you saying that it worked? We collapsed the anomaly? Did it work? What about my crew? Thank you. You had a hand in helping me get out of this. I sincerely hope that this is the last time that I find myself here. When I realised the paradox. Q, what is it that you're trying to tell me? (Q nearly whispers in Picard's ear) Mister Worf, what's the date? No. No. No. I think I'll get back to bed. I could use some sleep. Captain's log, supplemental. Starfleet Command reports no unusual activity along the Neutral Zone, and there is no sign of a temporal anomaly. It would appear that I am the only member of the crew to retain any knowledge of the events I experienced. [Riker's quarters] (the senior staff poker game has been going for a while) No. I, er, I just thought that I might, erm, I might join you this evening. If there's room. Oh, er, thank you, Mister Data. Actually, I used to be quite a card player in my youth, you know. I should have done this a long time ago. So. Five card stud, nothing wild, and the sky's the limit. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Welcome to the Enterprise, Miss Rogers. I'm delighted to have you aboard. And congratulations. I understand that you were selected for this internship out of hundreds of applicants. Or at least what fields you're not interested in. (doorbell) Come. Commander, will you escort Miss Rogers to her quarters? I need to discuss the Tagran's medical needs with Doctor Crusher. And Miss Rogers? You've won yourself a rare opportunity. Avail yourself of it. Commander, have you been able to determine the cause of the warp breach? Q! Are you responsible for the incident in Engineering? That being? I find it hard to believe that you're here to do us a favour. Q, what is it you really want? I don't trust you, Q. Why should I expect Amanda to? But what if she doesn't want that future? It must be her decision. But if she really is Q, she must understand what that means. Very well, I will introduce you. But we cannot argue like this in front of her. We must at least appear to be Civil. Mister Data, I want you to access any available records on Amanda Rogers. I want to know about her biological parents, about their death. I find it odd that any Q could die in an accident. I'm convinced that Q isn't telling us everything. See what you can find out. Amanda, allow me to introduce, er, Q. He's er, he's an acquaintance of ours. We've er, we've known him for years. Amanda, what Q is asking is have you ever deliberately used your abilities? Q You agreed that she has a right to choose her own future. The first chance you get you try to abduct her. What's going on, Q? What's your real purpose here? If you wish to protect that investment, I suggest that you approach her differently. If I'm not mistaken, she just did. [Amanda's quarters] Number One Doctor Crusher has some live vaccine bacilli to be delivered to Tagra. It'll have to be shipped in a stasis field. Will you make the arrangements? On screen. Perhaps my Chief Engineer could be of assistance? Send us your design specifications I'm sure we'll be able to help. What is it, Mister Data? A tornado? Why wasn't it dissipated by the weather modification net? See if you can find out any more details, Mister Data. I'd like to know more about that storm. Yes, Mister Data? What is it? Download the files to my Ready room. I'll study them there. I wanted to ask you about Amanda's biological parents. When they decided to remain on Earth, what was the reaction in the Q Continuum? Were they pressured to return? Were they threatened with any punishment if they didn't? Well, the circumstance of their death's quite odd. A tornado somehow escaped the weather modification net and touched down in only one spot. Amanda's home. But tornadoes develop from existing storm fronts. But you see, there were no storm fronts in Kansas that day. Witnesses reported that the funnel materialised spontaneously directly over Amanda's home, destroyed it, and disappeared. Were Amanda's parents executed by the Q Continuum? Then I think she has a right to know that before she makes a choice about her future. You would be so despicable? So what have you concluded? Does she live or does she die? Look, I have no reason to believe that Q is lying. He claims he has orders from the Continuum. If Amanda cannot prove that she is fully Q, then he must kill her. I agree with the Counsellor. Amanda deserves to know the truth of her situation. We have no right to withhold such crucial information from her. But it isn't going to be easy telling her. [Shuttlebay two] They're not convinced that you are fully Q. And they are also responsible for your parent's death. Amanda's question deserves an answer, Q. You've made yourself judge, jury, and if necessary executioner. By what right have you appointed yourself to this position? Yes. I recall how you used your superior morality when we first encountered you. You put us on trial for the crimes of humanity. Your arrogant pretence at being the moral guardians of the universe strikes me as being hollow, Q. I see no evidence that you are guided by a superior moral code, or any code whatsoever. You may be nearly omnipotent, and I don't deny that your parlour tricks are very impressive, but morality? I don't see it. I don't acknowledge it, Q. I would put human morality against the Q's any day. And perhaps that's the reason that we fascinate you so. Because our puny behaviour shows you a glimmer of the one thing that evades your omnipotence, a moral centre. And if so, I can think of no crueller irony than that you should destroy this young woman, whose only crime is that she's too human. I'm on my way. [Bridge] Can you correct the problem? Is this your doing, Q? Mister Worf, see if there's any way we can do to cut through the interference and beam them out of there. On screen. (the murky brown smog clears to reveal white clouds and blue oceans) Amanda? (Q reappears)
On your feet, Lieutenant. Mister Worf, your personal affairs are strictly your own concern until they interfere with the operation of this ship. You have now crossed that line. As your Captain, I want to know exactly what is going on. Try. Does this have something to do with the Klingons you rescued from Carraya Four? Is that what you're doing here? Trying to recapture those feelings? It's a pity you didn't try using the holodeck instead of setting fire to your quarters. Have you lost your faith in Sto-Vo-Kor? Inexcusable. And understandable. It may be that what you are looking for cannot be found here on the Enterprise. Perhaps you need to immerse yourself in Klingon beliefs in order to discover whether they can hold any truths for you. Is there something you can do, is there somewhere you could go to explore your faith more fully? Boreth is only twelve days from here by shuttle. As of this moment, Mister Worf, you are on leave. But when you set foot on this ship again, I expect you to perform your duties like a Starfleet officer. And, Mister Worf? I hope you find what you're looking for. Look, we have no reason to rule out anything. We are not ordered to investigate the origins of our guest, nor tell anyone what they should believe. We are simply to transport Kahless to the Home World. And while he's here with us, he will be treated as an honoured guest. (as everyone starts to leave) Welcome aboard, Gowron. I assume that you're referring to Kahless. Well, the person in question is in his quarters at the moment. We haven't done any analysis. If you wanted to run tests on Kahless, you should have sent a Klingon ship for him. If he really is an imposter then you have nothing to worry about. So Gowron has come on board in order to test your claim. He has brought a knife with him, a knife is was supposed to be stained with the blood of Kahless. He wants to run a genetic analysis on a sample of the blood and on you. That should tell us if there is a biological match. Now if you agree to the test, I will make the Enterprise facilities available to ensure that it is conducted impartially.
How long to rendezvous, Mister Crusher? Status of download, Mister Data? Trouble, Number One? At last. On viewer. (A tired looking Captain sits in his seat) Donald, what's a nice Starfleet Captain like you doing in a place like this? You believe it's a design flaw? Donald, we'll get our teams to work on it immediately. I'm sure neither of us feels too comfortable sitting around in the Neutral Zone. In the Neutral Zone? Donald, that was quite a risk to run to satisfy archaeological curiosity. Donald, your transmission is breaking up. Mister Data, try and clean that up. Yamato, this is the Enterprise. Yamato, come in. Captain! Donald, come in! (The viewscreen image of Donald Varley is replaced by one of the Yamato, going supernova) Shields up. (A piece of the ship comes straight for them, as the saucer section glides to the right and burns up) Did they attack the Yamato? Romulan vessel, this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise. (The Romulan Bridge appears on the viewscreen. It is commanded by a woman) Explain your illegal presence in the Neutral Zone. Are you responsible for the destruction of the Yamato? Comments. We will comply when I have determined the cause of the destruction of the Yamato, and when I am fully satisfied that you were not responsible. Picard out. Enough. Answers. I want answers, not conjecture. Number One, I want them at a staff meeting in one hour. Wait. Wait. That's not possible. Explain. And so there is no evidence that a weapon was used? Theorise. What could have caused such a catastrophic malfunction? Knowing where the flaw is located, can you isolate the problem and solve it? Pull any personnel you can use. (The men leave) If it is a design flaw, we're better to stay where we are and give Geordi time to work on it. Or what happened to the Yamato could happen to us. [Ready room] Computer, access Captain Donald Varley's personal log. Search parameter. Locate entries containing words Romulan and or Iconia. Mister Data, there's a reference in Captain Varley's personal log to a probe that scanned the Yamato. Put it on main viewer. Have you seen anything like that before? Engineering. [Engineering] What progress on the matter-antimatter scan? When the Yamato was probed, where was she? ETA at warp factor eight? That can't be helped. Ensign, lay in a course. Warp factor eight. We're going to assume the Yamato's mission. Perhaps prevent one. [Ready room] Come. Yes, of course. Well, what is it, Wesley? China was thought to be only a myth until Marco Polo travelled there. No, the Iconians were certainly real. Sit down. We know that three systems within this sector had a number of cultural similarities. Similarities which could only be explained by there being a single unifying influence. Probably conquered. Perhaps. Ancient texts did speak of 'Demons of Air and Darkness'. Legend has it that they travelled without the benefit of spaceships, merely appearing out of thin air on distant planets. Well, we would appear magical to Stone Age people. Archaeology has been a hobby since Academy days. But why don't we talk about what really brought you here? Easily? Oh no, not easily. We handle it because we're trained to, as you will be. Tea, Earl Grey, hot. But if the time ever comes when the death of a single individual fails to move us (a pot plant appears in the replicator) Now that should not have happened. Captain's log, supplemental. As happened with our sister ship, the Enterprise is being to experience a series of system failures. So far they are random, but I fear they could be early symptoms of what happened to the Yamato. [Engineering] Engineering. Lieutenant [Bridge] Are you making any progress toward solving our problems? How? If it was the probe, that explains the Yamato. But how do you account for the difficulties the Enterprise is experiencing? [Engineering] Lieutenant, Are our problems likely to attain the seriousness of those on the Yamato? Mister La Forge, time is the one thing which we do not have in abundance. (Enterprise arrives at a brown and battered planet) Analysis, Mister Data. Well, Mister Data? How long ago? Magnify. Captain Varley died believing that it was. (There's a little flash from the cross shape inside the crater on the surface) Shields up. Prepare a tractor beam. Mister La Forge, I'm going to assist you in your research. A probe has been launched from Iconia. [Engineering] I'm going to capture it. Worf, target phasers. Fire! (The blue globe disintegrates in ball of flames) Welcome to the Bridge, Mister La Forge. What can you do? And so the earlier probe was responsible for the Yamato's destruction? Why didn't we suffered the same fate? We may never reach that point. A variation of what happened to the Yamato might destroy us first. The probe was launched from Iconia, probably from an automated system. There may be records near the launch site that could help us find a solution. And I'll lead it. Yes. And we will have it again, Number One. I have been studying the Iconians since I was a cadet. I have to be the one to go. The Enterprise is yours. (Picard leaves) We're aware of the risks. Energise. Keep trying them. Communications are bound to be erratic. Nor would I, Mister Worf. I would not expect any. Judging from the severity of bombardment, I doubt any Iconians survived. Well, Mister Data, let's see what sense we can make of this. This is very reminiscent of Dinasian. Is it possible that they could be branches of the same language family, beginning with Iconian? Run a comparison using basic simple words from Dinasian, Dewan and Iccobar. See if we can reconstruct a common root language. Data, Data, Data. Yes. Let's get on with it. Demons of Air and Darkness, indeed. (The coast becomes the Acropolis, or similar) A gateway? Be careful. (Data sticks his arm into the image. Picard pulls him back) Data! That was very foolish. No, Data. You might not be able to get back, and I can't risk losing you. Is this how the Iconians travelled? Crossing light years as easily as we would cross a room? Those places could be on worlds in distant sectors of the galaxy. I think the Iconians might have out-foxed their enemies. Maybe they didn't all die in the bombardment. Some of them could have passed through this. This is what Varley feared. This is what he died for. The Romulans could use this technology as a weapon. We can't make that assumption. The effect on the Yamato was devastating, but what if it was by accident, not by design. What I'm going to say may sound unscientific, but standing on this soil, breathing in this air, my instincts tell me that we may have got them wrong. But that knowledge was passed down by the descendants of those who attacked this world. The victors invariably write the history to their own advantage. There is an unfortunate tendency in many cultures to fear what they do not understand. It's possible that their enemies, confronted with this technology, were driven to attack the Iconians out of fear. (An image of the Bridge appears) I believe that it was. Gentlemen, we have a way home. Data, can you hear me? Data, respond. How bad is it? How long is the interval? The next time the Enterprise appears, go through it with Data. Geordi will be able to learn from him. Maybe help him. This will be the test. Destroy the tricorder. And that is precisely why it must be destroyed. How long? I'm running out of time. We all are. Data. Data, I have to destroy this. This control room and its technology must not be allowed to fall into Romulan hands. How! How do I do it? How do I destroy everything? The control room, the probes, all of it. (Worf phasers the tricorder) I detonate it. But how? How do I do that? Probes? The probes. Launch? I launch the probes? But why? What's good will that do? Doors? And if the doors are closed, then the backwash from the rockets will spill into the power grids and there'll be an overload. But the doors will open automatically when the launch begins. And I will override. Which control keys? Damn. Of course, you can't see. Worf, help him up. I'm standing directly in front of the gate. To my left there is a small triangular screen. Right. Now, to my right is a larger triangular screen. The top is solid amber. To the left, red. That's the launch sequence? How do I override the doors? I hope that's not a stutter. I don't know how long a delay there will be between the launch and the detonation. I'll hold keying the launch sequence until you're through the gate. How long until the Enterprise reappears? I'll go through the gate. Very shortly, anywhere will be preferable to this room. Mister Worf, I am depending on you. You must get Data back to the Enterprise. He may be their only hope. Oh, no. Not, I think, today, Commander. [Transporter room] Bridge, Picard. Take us out of here. The Romulan ship is set to auto-destruct and they can't deactivate it. Well, Number One, I can see why you want to keep the away missions to yourself. That's where the excitement is. So, what's been happening here? Same old routine, I suppose? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
We must take care that while he is with us, Commander Kurn is accorded all the rights and responsibilities due the first officer of this ship. If he should feel patronised in any way Your experience on board the Pagh will prove invaluable during the commander's tour. Be sure that the crew is prepared for any unusual orders. I understand that he requested the Enterprise specifically. [Transporter room] Energise. (a tall Klingon arrives, disrupter pistol hanging from his belt) Welcome aboard the Enterprise, Commander. I'm Captain Picard. This is Commander William Riker. He will be yielding the first officer's position to you during your tour. Very well. If you will accompany us to the Bridge. [Bridge] Oh, by all means, Commander. Then take us to the outer cometary cloud, Commander. I have attempted to select a menu that will allow you to sample a variety of dishes, Commander. Later, Data. A fish, Commander. A delicacy from the Caspian Sea on Earth It's a favourite of mine. Our replicator's never done it justice, but I managed to store a few cases for special occasions. One of the aims of the exchange programme, Commander, is for all of us to learn tolerance. As for my crew, it may be healthy to shake up the status quo occasionally. What are the allegations, Worf? The attack in which he himself was killed? But why now, after twenty years? Answer for them? No. If I understand correctly, a Starfleet officer, a respected member of my crew, could be accused of a capital crime. Your actions in this matter will reflect on this ship and on the Federation. Therefore, it seems only appropriate that your captain should be at your side while you make your challenge. I'm sure you would do no less for me. [Bridge] Commander Kurn We're changing course. Set coordinates for the First City of the Klingon Imperial Empire. [Ten Forward] I am here at my own request. I am Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise. Lieutenant Worf has served under my command with distinction. He has earned my admiration and my respect. It is my greatest wish that this Council, in its wisdom, will clear his family name and return him to duty. Mister Data, find out everything you can about the destruction of the Khitomer outpost. Cross reference with Romulan tactics and strategic information on the region, and request access to the Klingon central information net. Computer, presentation overview of Klingon custom and law pertaining to familial accountability. In my ready room. [Great Hall] (in a side colonnade) I do not pretend to fully understand the nuances of your world's law or culture, Lieutenant, but I do understand when somebody is trying to hide something. Obviously, they did not expect and never wanted this challenge. You're getting close to something, Lieutenant. Something they care a great deal about protecting. Well of course, Lieutenant. Choose whomever you wish. Thank you, Lieutenant. I appreciate the gesture, but I know that there are stronger and younger men from whom to choose. jIlajneS. ghIj qet jaghmeyjaj. I accept. [Great Hall] This is my place. I'm not here to command. You may test that assumption at your convenience. (He is handed the ceremonial baton or whatever it is) [Bridge] Stand by. Go ahead, Number One. [Bridge] Well done. Picard out. K'mpec. May we have a short recess? Have you heard of a woman named Kahlest? It is possible she was an eyewitness to your father's activities on Khitomer. No, she survived. She's living in the Old Quarter. I'm going to find her. Hey, I'm your cha'DIch. [Kahlest's home] (Picard wears a long robe and hood to disguise his race and uniform) Kahlest? Your help. You don't even know what I want. Then you also know that Worf's life is at stake. Were you with Worf's father just before the attack on Khitomer? Worf is not gone. The family you served needs you again. Was his father a traitor? Who? Who was the traitor? Then we have no way to prove Mogh's innocence, and Worf will die as the son of a traitor. My appreciation, madam. Kahlest, would they recognise you? Would they know who your are? Come back with me. They won't know how much you know. You may shake loose the truth. K'mpec! (Picard enters with Kahlest) The Mek'ba is not complete. I bring an eyewitness to the Khitomer massacre, one who has new evidence, K'mpec. Do not answer. It is the rule of the Mek'ba that evidence be presented in open council. Yes. It is your dishonour we are protecting here, isn't it, Duras? Are you prepared to hear her evidence in open council? Worf's challenge is successful. The honour of his family must be restored. You admit the truth and yet expect him to accept punishment? What does this say of an Empire who holds honour so dear? Unacceptable, K'mpec. I speak now as the Captain of the USS Enterprise and Lieutenant Worf's commanding officer. You will not execute a member of my crew, nor will I turn his brother over to you. The alliance with the Federation is not based on lies, K'mpec! Protect your secrets if you must, but you will not sacrifice these men. Lieutenant. Worf wants you to live. The name of your father must someday be cleared. He needs you alive with your honour intact. There will be another day, Commander. Do not forget what he does here today. Do not let your children forget.
As a matter of fact Yes, indeed. Lwaxana, as a matter of fact, I am rather busy at the moment. Yes, the leading scientist of Kaelon Two and Well, Lwaxana, it is something of a rather delicate situation> It's the first real contact with a rather reclusive race, and this is in the nature of an official greeting, so Mister O'Brien, energise. (Charles Emerson Winchester III beams in, having escaped from the 4077 MASH) Doctor Timicin. I'm Jean-Luc Picard, Captain of The Enterprise. This is Lieutenant Commander La Forge. I beg your pardon. Doctor Timicin, allow me to present Lwaxana Troi of Betazed. She's also a guest on board, and Lwaxana, we have quite a bit of work planned. It seems that Mrs Troi is our acting ambassador of goodwill for today. My only regret is that it took us three years to find a suitable sun after you had first contacted us. Picard to Engineering. [Engineering] Mister La Forge, the system is clear. Very well. Mister Worf? Fire in sequence. Mister Data? Ensign, warp two now! (a bright new supernova lights the heavens) [Engineering] Doctor? Ensign, lay in a course for Kaelon Two. Warp factor five. The experiment achieved a stable core temperature for a short time, Minister. That's a significant step forward. We would be more than willing to extend our visit, sir. Come. (Lwaxana enters) I beg your pardon? Mister Data? I'm afraid I have no choice. Lwaxana, I'm sorry, but whatever my personal feelings, I have no jurisdiction here. I simply cannot interfere. The Prime Directive forbids us to interfere with the social order of any planet. Computer, locate Counsellor Troi. [Transporter room] Come. Timicin. Time for you to leave us, then? Our only influence, Minister, is by example. Timicin's decision is his own free will, I assure you. Acknowledged, Commander. Minister, we're here in friendship, hoping to provide assistance. You acted in good conscience, Doctor. I don't see what else you could have done. I'm afraid you're the only one who can answer that. Isn't she. [Bridge] Any communication, Number One? Shields up. Red alert. Doctor, I suggest that you return to your quarters. Mister Worf, ascertain their offensive potential. Doctor, I would deeply regret it if you were returning only to ease diplomatic tensions. Then I wish you and your people well. If for any reason you would like to wait a few minutes. Permission granted. (Timicin and Lwaxana hold hands)
Won't the moon disintegrate prior to impact? How long before impact? Mister La Forge, is there any way that the Enterprise could coax that satellite [Engineering] Back where it belongs? Make it so. We'll keep you informed of our progress. Picard out. (The tiny tractor beam is sent out against the huge moon) Reduce engine power. Tractor beam off. Q! Our options? Keep me advised. (La Forge leaves. Q is now dressed in a pale mauve and olive jumpsuit) What kind of twisted pleasure does it give you to bring terror into their lives? The millions of people down there who are watching as their moon falls out of the sky. And punish us as well, it would seem. what is it you want, Q? Return that moon to its orbit. Q the liar. Q the misanthrope. Fine. You want to be treated as a human? All right. Mister Worf, throw him in the brig. The question is, what sort of jaded game is he up to this time? Or he may have nothing to do with it at all. Oh, I agree this is highly unlikely, but we have to proceed with our current dilemma as though Q is powerless to prevent it, don't we? I don't see that we have any choice. Mister Worf, will you hail the Bre'el Four science station, I'm sorry, but I have to report that our first attempt to restore the moon to its proper orbit has failed. So there is a hope, but if you have an evacuation plan We are going to make another attempt shortly. Picard out. What the devil? [Bridge] (The light is everywhere) By whom? Enough. Q, what exactly is going on. We have a moon inexplicably falling out of orbit, and just now this ship was probed with Berthold radiation. You fell asleep. You get used to it. Q, I'm not going to play along with this. If you want to continue this charade, you can do it alone. Q, there are millions of lives at risk. If you have the power to Mister Data, report to detention cell three. Computer, remove the forcefield. If you are human, which I seriously doubt, you will have to work hard to earn our trust. Mister Data, you are hereby assigned to Q for the remainder of his stay. You will escort him to Mister La Forge in Engineering. On screen. Attempt to make contact, Mister Worf. Red alert. What did you do to them, Q? Of course. You knew this would happen, didn't you? Yes, but you must have so many enemies. Certainly you knew that once you became mortal some of them might look you up. And for all your protestations of friendship, your real reason for being here is protection. On the contrary, it is a strength. Indeed. Human or not, I want no part of you. We will deposit you at the first starbase. Let them deal with you. Mister La Forge, your status? Mister Data, you will escort Q to Engineering. You will assist Mister La Forge. Mister Worf, hail the Bre'el Four science station. Your moon has begun moving toward its perigee. We're prepared to make our attempt. We'll keep you advised, Doctor. Picard out. Proceed. Mister Worf, keep a close eye on Q's friends out there. Engineering, is that the forward limit? Do you recommend that we proceed? Q, you exceed your own standards of self-preoccupation. You have no concern for an officer who may have saved your life. (to guard, as he leaves) Stay with Q. Come. It will not serve you here. That is his special nature. He learned the lessons of humanity well. Q, I'm not your father confessor. You will receive no absolution from me. You have brought nothing but pain and suffering to this crew. And I'm still not entirely convinced that all this isn't your latest attempt at a puerile joke. On main viewer. Hailing frequency. Shuttle occupant, identify yourself. Q, return to the ship immediately. Q, there is no dignity in this suicide. This goes against my better judgment. Transporter room three, lock on to shuttle one. Beam it back into it's bay. It's a perfectly good shuttlecraft. Well, I suppose that is the end of Q. (A Mexican Mariachi band appear, with Q as lead trumpet) Q! I don't. All of it. (Bye, bye, band, hello uniform) Now, at the risk of being rude. On screen, Lieutenant. I'm sorry? Mister Data, your analysis? Ensign, set course for Station Nigala Four. Perhaps there's a residue of humanity in Q after all. Ensign, en (a lit cigar appears in Picard's hand)
Come. (Riker enters with a small blonde woman) Admiral, welcome aboard. Can I get you some coffee? Tea? Computer, freeze programme. You were five seconds slower that time. Mister Worf, it's going to be far more difficult where we're going. I'm sorry, I can't tell you that yet. Mister Worf, I have my orders. I'm sure you understand that. Now Doctor, this deflector wasn't set properly. It must be positioned so that the emitter array blocks the entire passageway, or it's useless. I understand this is difficult. All I can do is ask you to trust me. All right, Mister Worf. I want you to time the Doctor and me through that first tunnel. And this time we're going to pick up those five seconds. [Transporter room] (a silver-haired officer beams in) (reading) To Captain Jean-Luc Picard, Commanding Officer USS Enterprise, stardate 46358.1. You are hereby requested and required to relinquish command of your vessel to Captain Edward Jellico, Commanding Officer USS Cairo as of this date. Signed, Vice-Admiral Alynna Nechayev, Starfleet Command. Computer, transfer all command codes to Captain Edward Jellico. Voice authorisation, Picard delta five. I stand relieved. Most of the secondary systems were changed at the last overhaul. I don't think they'll give you any problems, but you might want to check out the port lateral Very well. But I would prefer more recent intelligence on the exact layout of the installation. The most current information we have is two years old. She gave me no choice. Now that would be extremely helpful. One of the finest officers that I have ever served with. Come. Yes, I am. The last time I had to train like this was for the Academy marathon, but I'm managing. What can I do for you? My orders are to maintain radio silence until we've completed the mission. Captain, I would just like you to know that Commander Riker is It's not just my opinion. He's been decorated by Starfleet Command five times. He's been offered his own ship more than once. I think if you just gave him a chance, you'd find him an outstanding officer. Thank you. Thank you, Enterprise. Well, now that we're under way, I can tell you about our mission. Starfleet Intelligence believes the Cardassians are developing a metagenic weapon. In a month, the metagenic agent itself breaks down and dissipates completely, leaving every city, every road, every piece of equipment perfectly intact. Starfleet Intelligence believes that the Cardassians are developing a new delivery system, one that would protect them from accidental exposure to the toxin. They believe that the Cardassians are testing a way of launching dormant metagenic material on a subspace carrier wave. And because the subspace wave would appear simply as background radiation, no one would realise what was happening until it was too late. Now, for the past few weeks, theta-band subspace emissions have been detected coming from Celtris Three. Those emissions may indicate that a metagenic delivery system in operation. Very little. It was thought to be uninhabited until these emissions were detected. Starfleet believes that the Cardassians may have a secret research lab located somewhere below the planet surface. Our orders are to penetrate this Celtris Three installation and determine if the Cardassians are actually building a metagenic weapon. Destroy it. At any cost. When I was on the Stargazer, we conducted extensive tests using theta band carrier waves. One of the reasons I was selected for this mission is my familiarity with the methods used for generating them. Mister Worf, your presence here is obvious. Doctor, your job will be to locate and destroy any biotoxins we may find. I know a way of acquiring some discreet transport. Mister Worf, set a course for Torman Five. [Torman bar] (Picard is directed to the person he is looking for.) I'm not accusing you of anything. We're looking for DaiMon Solok. I have a business proposition to discuss. Good. Please, will you tell DaiMon Solok that we're interested in transportation to Celtris Three. Now, we understand that DaiMon Solok runs cargo there from time to time. Yes, but if Solok were to go to Celtris Three for legitimate reasons, we would be interested in quietly booking passage for the journey. Beverly, make sure that your tricorder is keeping a precise map of the route. We could very easily get lost in here. That's typical of theta-band emissions. You have to compress the detection band width in order to determine the fix. The source emission is five hundred metres east of here. And seven hundred metres below. (something flies overhead) It's all right. They're called lynars, a kind of Celtrine bat. They're harmless. There doesn't seem to be a way around. We'll have to rappel from here. This is sheer granite. We'll have to use fusing pitons. Unfortunately, that would take several hours. We don't have the time. Now, remember to control your descent and don't get the lines tangled. All right? [Observation lounge] The installation should be about three hundred metres this way. There's a lava tube beyond here that runs for seventy five metres, then it connects with another chamber. We need to get through here. This tube opens up beyond this crack. We could widen the opening, then we should be able to crawl through. Mister Worf. Make it so. (Worf melts the rock face away) Well done, Mister Worf. [Observation lounge] Only a few more metres. (Picard and Worf are clear when there's a small rock fall) Beverly, get out of there! Beverly! (Worf scrabbles at the small rocks) Are you all right? We're nearly there. Can you continue? [Installation entrance] (an incongruous metal door set in the rock wall) Looks like a maintenance hatch to the installation. I'm picking up three proximity sensors around it. (Worf puts a device on the ground that sends out beams to the door) We have no choice. Remember, aim low. Fire in short, controlled bursts. Now. [Chamber] (the door slides open and they dash into another rock chamber with just one single pulsing piece of equipment.) What do you want? So you concocted an elaborate ruse to bring me here. Why?
What's the last thing you remember?
Well, I'll be too busy discussing the finer points of water management with ten Bajoran bureaucrats. And they won't be carrying me on a cloud of chromal vapour. Ops. [Replimat] Come. (Data enters) Yes, Mister Data? Not at all. I'm here studying the intricacies of Bajoran aqueduct management. I would welcome an interruption. Please, sit down. Your vision of Doctor Soong. How is your investigation proceeding? And what have you found? I'm curious, Mister Data. Why are you looking at all these other cultures? Yes, you do. You're a culture of one, which is no less valid than a culture of one billion. Perhaps the key to understanding your experience is to stop looking into other sources for a meaning. When we look at Michaelangelo's David or Symnay's Tomb and we don't ask what does this mean to other people. The real question is, what does it mean to us? Explore this image, Data. Let it excite your imagination. Focus on it. See where it leads you. Let it inspire you. Good luck, Mister Data. [Data's quarters] (Data paints his vision, then begins to embellish it) [Jungle] (it is dark and there are lots of noises)
Good. Please. And feel free to examine the work of the other students too. Oh, thank you. In what way? Thank you, Mister Data. No! Thank you. Captain's log, Stardate 43610.4. After completing a delivery of dicosilium to the Tanuga Four research station, our away team has received an update from Doctor Nel Apgar on his efforts to create Krieger Waves, a potentially valuable new power source. [Bridge] Welcome back, Mister La Forge. Where's Commander Riker? Any problems? Transporter Room! Is Commander Riker aboard? Why was there a power drain before transport? I shall want an answer to that. I'm sure the Tanugans will too. Were there any indications of reactor core problems while you were on the station? Number One? Mister La Forge indicated that this was not an entirely routine mission. Granted. Will you escort him to the Bridge, Mister Worf. Perhaps you had tell me as much as possible prior to his arrival, Number One. [Transporter room] (A humanoid male, hair swept up at the sides to give a severe look) Chief Investigator, welcome to the Enterprise. I'm Captain Picard. This is my First Officer, Commander William Riker. Chief Investigator, we are perfectly willing to cooperate with you, but Let's continue this discussion in private. Number One, you have the Bridge. [Ready room] Just what is the evidence against my officer? Threats? I'm aware there was a private conversation between them. Investigator, in our system of jurisprudence, a man is innocent until proved guilty. I am aware of Federation regulations, sir, and if you investigate them further, you will find the captain decides if extradition is warranted. I'm saying, if there is sufficient cause to warrant a trial, I will release my officer into your custody. That question is irrelevant here. I must protect the rights of my officer. You have my word as a Starfleet officer that I will not. Interrogate him here. Perhaps not. Mister Data, will you report to my Ready Room? We may be able to assist you in recreating the events. (Data enters) Commander Data, this is Chief Investigator Krag. Commander, by taking testimony from the away team and from witnesses provided by the Investigator, would it be possible to programme the Holodeck to recreate what happened on the science station? Commander, will you escort Investigator Krag to Transporter Room Three. [Bridge] Ensign Crusher, Mister La Forge, we are going to recreate the research station here on the holodeck. I want you to work with Commander Data on the preparations. In addition, Commander La Forge and Commander Riker, I want you to give the computer detailed depositions of everything you saw, everything you heard while you were on board. Counsellor, I want you to assist me during this inquiry. My decision about the extradition will be based upon the evidence presented during these recreations. Under these circumstances, Number One, I think that would be inappropriate. Second officer's log, Stardate 43611.6. Programming of the holodeck has taken eighteen hours eleven minutes, and is now complete. All participants have entered their depositions. Technical schematics and complete records from the lab's ground computers, as well as Doctor Apgar's personal logs, have been included. The recreations will have a nominal eight point seven percent margin of error. [Holodeck - Space Station Lab] (There is a curved table with chairs for Picard, Troi, Riker and Krag to sit at and watch the evidence) Is there anything you'd like to say before we begin, Number One? Computer, freeze programme. Resume programme. [Holodeck - Space Station Guest quarters] Freeze programme. That's correct. Not to my knowledge. Mrs. Apgar, you understand the purpose of this hearing? Would you like to make a statement before we begin? Freeze programme. Commander Riker! We'll, um, we'll take a short recess. (Picard and Krag leave) Do you have any theories? Take every precaution to protect the ship's vital areas. If we haven't identified the source before the time interval, we'll leave orbit. If you perceive any further danger, advise me immediately. (Picard leaves) Inspector, Inspector, this is hearsay. She wasn't a witness to this incident. Well, we'll watch this evidence, and we'll weigh it accordingly. I don't see any alternative, do you? Of course he's innocent. But as a Starfleet Captain, I can't allow myself the luxury of yielding to my personal feelings. The evidence warrants a trial. I'll have to allow extradition. No. Acknowledged. [Bridge] The interval between radiation bursts. But why would a generator be affecting the Enterprise this way? Chief Inspector, we've watched the events replayed over and over again and I am impressed, and admittedly dismayed by the body of evidence against Commander Riker. But isn't it remarkable that with all the witnesses, all the different points of view of the events aboard the space station, we haven't seen what really happened? Allow me, with the help of Mister La Forge, to explain. Computer, load Manua programme one, time index fourteen four one. Play programme. Freeze. Mrs. Apgar, this was from your deposition. It would seem to suggest that your husband had failed to create Krieger waves. He said he needed more time. He was upset by our early arrival. But in fact I maintain he already had made that breakthrough and that he was lying to us. We recreated your science lab in every conceivable detail. Essentially, what was in the original lab is here. Your field generator on the planet surface has been sending out harmless energy charges, which this facsimile has been converting into Krieger waves. And those same waves have been randomly striking different areas of our ship as we orbit the planet and our angle to the generator changes. Computer, run Manua programme one, time code, fourteen three eight. [Holodeck - Space Station Living quarters] Freeze programme. Run Riker programme two, time code, sixteen one zero. Freeze. Nevertheless, it seems clear that your husband was motivated to earn the kind of rewards that pleased you, Mrs. Apgar. And when the away team arrived early he must have been worried that Starfleet was becoming suspicious. He needed more time to finish his work. Apgar said that each of the three versions. No doubt, he was afraid that Commander Riker might learn the truth and cut off his support prematurely. Discovering Commander Riker with his wife didn't help matters. I submit that he decided to murder Commander Riker. Is it? Computer, run Tayna programme four, time index eighteen one four. [Holodeck - Space Station Lab] Freeze. (Apgar has sat down in front of a computer console) Tayna, exactly is Apgar doing here? Why would he do that? Maybe he was already thinking ahead to his next confrontation with Commander Riker. Computer, play Riker programme four, time index twenty four one. Freeze. To Apgar, this must have seemed as though Commander Riker were confirming his worst fears. And I believe it was now that he decided finally to kill him. We've arranged a demonstration to illustrate. Mister La Forge, I think it's about time, isn't it? If we're correct, we'll know it instantly. Doctor Apgar killed himself during his attempt to kill Commander Riker. Number One, have we any further business in the Tanuga system? Then perhaps you would do me the pleasure of getting this ship underway.
Doctor Crusher, please report to the Bridge.  Doctor, the transport ship Denver has  struck a gravitic mine left over from the Cardassian war. They've  sustained heavy damage.  Make it so.  Of course, Number One. You have the Bridge, Mister Data.  I understand from Doctor Crusher that Worf will never regain  the use of his legs.  That's a very human perspective, Will. For a Klingon in Worf's  position, his life is over.  Will, if you were dying, if you were terminally ill with an  incurable disease and facing the remaining few days of your life in  pain, wouldn't you come to look on death as a release?  You or I could learn to live with that disability, but not  Worf. His life ended when those containers fell on him. We don't have  to agree with it, we don't have to understand it, but we do have to  respect his beliefs.  He's asking for your help because you're his friend. That means  that you're going to have to make your decision based on that  friendship.  Will. Look, I'm sorry, I cannot help you to make this decision,  but I can tell you this. Klingons choose their friends with great care.  If he didn't know he could count on you, he never would have asked.  [Troi's quarters] Picard to Doctor Crusher.  We've located the survivors from the  Denver. [Sickbay] Very well. We'll begin transporting the  survivors on board immediately. Bridge out.  [Sickbay] Doctor? I'm on my way to look in on your  patient.  I understand that you've relieved Doctor Russell of duty.  Beverly, maybe you should consider letting her go ahead with  this genetronic procedure.  If he can't make a full recovery, Worf will to kill himself.  And how long will you keep him there? A week? A month? A year?  But not all of it.  Beverly, he can't make the journey you're asking of him. You  want him to go from contemplating suicide to accepting  his condition and living with the disability, but it's too far. The  road between covers a lifetime of values, beliefs. He can't do it,  Beverly. But perhaps he can come part of the way. Maybe he can be  persuaded to forgo the ritual in order to take the chance at regaining  the kind of life he needs. A Klingon may not be good at accepting  defeat, but he knows all about taking risks.  This may not be good medicine, but for Worf, it may be his only  choice.  [Worf's private room] (Riker enters carrying a robe and a knife)  Good. I understand from Mister La Forge there's a minor  fluctuation in the starboard warp coil.  No.  [Operating theatre] (Worf's new spinal cord is in a plastic box) 
Riker says the planet's life forms are almost identical to us. You've been talking about it for days. Shore leave for the crew. Is it as good as your report suggests, Number One? But the happiest report has its negatives. Let's start with them, Number One. I take it you find no glitch at all in this planet, however? Of course. Wesley? If we go down, I'd like you to join the away team to evaluate this world as a place for young people to relax. If our scans and observations confirm the report, of course I'll approve it. Let's hope it is not too good to be true. Captain's log, supplemental. We are in orbit of a planet designated Rubicun Three, the home of a life form who call themselves the Edo. Our away team, including Wesley Crusher, has beamed down to make arrangements concerning some well-deserved recreation. [Planet surface] (It's a lovingly tended garden extending in all directions. The people wear enough for modesty, run instead of walk, and are nauseatingly beautiful. When the team arrive two people run towards them) What is, Commander? Centre main viewer on that area. I see nothing, Commander. Hailing frequencies. Any reply? Geordi. Have a real look. Data, what the hell is it? [Lounge] (Geordi finds a window with a good view of the other thing) Go ahead, LaForge. What can you make out? [Lounge] Why has everything become a something, or a whatever? (The globe has arrived on the Bridge, and is face to face with Picard. When it speaks, everything shakes) I'm Captain Picard, commanding this Federation starship. We have sent down what we call an away team to make peaceful contact here. No. We are merely visiting here. We found that world uninhabited. The life forms we left there had, had sought the challenge. At least, that is the basic reason. Had sought the challenge of creating a new lifestyle, a new society there. Life on our world is driven to protect itself by seeding itself as widely as possible. If there is any way of finding out whatever is out there, Data. (The globe shrinks and attaches itself to Data's forehead. He falls backwards onto the floor.) [Planet surface] Condition? I believe this is some form of information exchange with whatever is over there. At least, I hope it is. Something is blocking communication both (The globe leaves Data, then vanishes) Captain to Riker, stand by. Signs of consciousness? Take him to Sickbay. Let me know the instant he's awake. Anything new on that that thing out there? Captain to First Officer. I'm beaming down. [Council Chambers] Would you care to comment privately how you read any of this? Thank you. The boy, Wesley Crusher, where is he, please? We do. They haven't always, but now they do. No, not any longer. Unfortunately, yes. But since then Some people felt that it was necessary. But we have learned to detect the seeds of criminal behaviour Capital punishment, in our world, is no longer considered a justifiable deterrent. Unfortunately, we have a law known as the Prime Directive. Is the boy in any danger from you at this moment? Then I have another question. While orbiting, while circling high above your world, as we do, we have encountered a strange object. A vessel perhaps. Have you any idea what it is? It's not entirely real. At least, it's not completely solid. God? Exactly, exactly how would you describe God? Picard here. What condition? Can he talk? Stand by. Picard out. I want to speak to her personally about her son. So you promise that Wesley Crusher is safe until sundown? Then, will one of you return with me to our vessel? No, no, no. That's not it. I want you to identify something for me, if you can. Captain to Transporter Room. Three to beam up. (Picard, Troi and Rivan move away from the group) Transporter Room, energise. [Corridor] In a moment, Doctor. Exactly. In a moment. You were about to say? It's not that simple. From the starboard lounge, you can see whatever is outside this vessel. And something else that's circling your world. It's very important to us, and perhaps to you, to know what it is. [Lounge] (As soon as Rivan sees the other vessel, she drops to her knees, head bowed) I'm sorry, Rivan, but this was necessary. Do you know what that is? Is it God? (she nods) Now, it's very important you answer something. How do you recognise what it is? Can you speak to it? Does it speak to you? Picard to Transporter Room, come in. (He puts his comm. badge on Rivan) One to beam down to away team location. Hurry! Engage! Transporter Room. Urgent! Engage! (And Rivan is beamed away. The Edo vessel backs off) I had no choice but to learn about that thing from her. I'm sorry I had to. She was so frightened. Let's go see your patient, Doctor. [Corridor] He's being held safely until sundown. You saw what that thing was about to do. But I am. You're saying they. It is a vessel of some sort. They know? What sort of vessel? Data, don't babble. Please, organise it into brief answers to my questions. We have very little time. Do they accept our presence at this planet? Data, please, feel free to volunteer any important information. To judge what kind of life forms we are? Do they know of our Prime Directive? And, if we were to violate the Prime Directive, how How would they react? Let's have more talk, Data. Sit down. Any. My apologies for saying that you babbled. You also see things in a way we do not, but as they truly are. I need help, my friend. I cannot permit that boy or any member of this vessel be sacrificed. The Prime Directive never intended that. Exactly. How do I explain my refusing to obey their laws down there. Not permitting the Crusher boy to be executed. And by so doing do I endanger this vessel and more than a thousand other lives? I refuse to let arithmetic decide questions like that. Did you learn anything about the relationship between that and the Edo? Why are they so certain it's a god? Then in some earlier flesh and blood form they might have shared our kind of values. Why would such an advanced thing feel obliged to protect the Edo? You now request permission to beam down to the planet. Permission granted. You can accompany me while I try and resolve this. And you should know that whatever the cost, I will not allow them to execute your son. Data, take command. No, no, we're not gods. (Wesley enters, escorted by the two mediators, Liator and Tasha) No. But I must find some way to prevent it that you understand. I understand. Perhaps your system of law and punishment is better than any system we once had. But we do now have a law I must obey. And part of it says I must protect my people from harm. We are all sworn not to interfere with other lives in the galaxy. If I save this boy, I break that law. I may suffer almost as much. Starfleet takes the Prime Directive very seriously. That thought has crossed our minds. Your god up there may insist that we obey our non-interference directive. You're not involved in this decision, boy. Picard to Transporter room. Lock into this signal. Stand by for six to beam up. Wesley, Lieutenant. (The Starfleet people gather together) I'm truly sorry, Liator, but I must have justice for my people too. Transporter room, energise. (Nothing happens) Transporter room, come in. I don't know how to communicate this, or even if it is possible, but the question of justice has concerned me greatly of lately. And I say to any creature who may be listening, there can be no justice so long as laws are absolute. Even life itself is an exercise in exceptions. It seems the Edo Lord agrees with you, Number One. [Bridge] Hailing frequencies. To the object in orbit with us. We will remove the human colonists from the adjoining solar system if you signal us to do so. Please tell us. I suppose, I suppose it must be. I was hoping for more. I was hoping we'd learn more about it. But since we can't, take us out of here, Number One.
What's keeping them? (Worf and Riker enter) Ah, you're just in time. They're about to disembark. (three males in very plain jumpsuits get out of the shuttle) Ambassador Loquel, Ambassador Byleth. I'm Captain Picard. Welcome on board the Enterprise. It is an honour to be the site of the first cultural exchange between the Iyaaran people and the Federation. How do you do. I'm looking forward very much to meeting with the Premier of Iyar. There will be a reception held in your honour when you will meet the rest of my senior staff. I, of course, shall be on my way to your home world, but I shall be leaving you in the safe hands of my most experienced officers. Lieutenant Worf, of the Klingon Empire, is my head of Security. He will be in charge of your safety while you're on board. Counsellor Deanna Troi of the planet Betazed will be your personal liaison office, Ambassador Loquel. Ambassador Byleth, this is Commander William Riker, my First Office, from the planet Earth. He has been assigned to you. Well, Commander Riker is a skilled diplomat, with wide experience in inter-species contact. Well, that will be just fine. Mister Worf? Good luck. [Ten Forward] So, I understand that your homeworld has some of the most spectacular crystal formations in this sector. Is there any place in particular that you would recommend I visit while I'm there? Well, I, er, what's our ETA? I think I'll go update my itinerary. (a jolt, an alarm goes off ) What happened? What's the cause? There is an M-class planet in this system. Can we reach it? Inertial dampeners are offline. Life support is failing. Velocity dropping. Thermal shields at full power. Voval. Voval, try not to move. You may have a concussion. Picard to Enterprise. Picard to Enterprise, do you read me? Too much interference. (Picard gets a tricorder from his overnight bag) There is a structure of some kind. Some energy readings about two kilometres south of here. Voval, I'm going to try to find help. Do you understand? Now, try to stay conscious and don't leave the shuttle. There's some kind of plasma energy out on the surface. I'll be back as soon as I can. [Planet surface] (Picard heads out onto planet hell, gets hit by an energy strike and knocked out. A figure easily carries him away.) [Engineering] Is someone there? Who's there? (there is a woman on the other side of the fire. She comes over.) What do you want? Who are you? Who are you? No, wait. Stop. There was someone else in the shuttlecraft with me. The pilot, he's injured. He needs your help. Hello. (sees a bowl by his elbow) Smells good. Thank you. This is a Terellian cargo freighter, isn't it? Is this your ship? Are you one of the crew? How many people survived? Were you the only one? Well, you're certainly not a Terellian, unless you've lost two of your arms. What's your name? I'm Jean-Luc Picard. I'm a Starfleet officer. Anna, are there other people on this planet? How long have you been here? What was the date when you crashed? Seven years! Anna, Anna. wait a minute. Anna, Anna, listen to me. Listen. On the shuttle, there is a lot of equipment that will have survived the crash. We can use it to contact Starfleet. They'll send a ship for us. We can leave. Yes. Both of us. Now, if you will help me to get to the shuttle. Ow. Don't worry, I won't move. Let them knit? Perhaps you could go to the shuttle bring the equipment back here. Good. Go into the cockpit, and look for a small comm. panel in the instrument array. See if you can remove it. Bring it back here. Anna, why was this door locked from the outside? From what? Good. If we can boost the output field, I might be able to send a distress signal. Something seems to be wrong with it. This transmitter module has been totally destroyed. How could that happen? It looks as though it's been hit by a phaser blast. No. Anna, we will get out of here. It's not going to be easy, but we need to work together. Anna, no matter how long it takes, we will get out of here. No, no, no, it's all right. I'm just trying to dislodge this power cell. Nearly got it. There. No, no, it's all right. The energy relays are corroded but I think it should be able to hold one more charge. If I can regenerate this, then I may be able to reactivate the shuttlecraft's engines. That sounds delightful. Of course. Anna, would you pass me that tricorder, I'm going to try to repair these energy relays. Anna, I'm grateful to you for saving my life, and I think that you are a warm and compassionate person, and I feel a great sympathy for what you've been through alone here on this planet, but I don't think that you can really be in love with me. No, I'm the first person you've seen in seven years. I'm bringing you the hope of leaving this place. Don't you think that you could possibly be just a little confused right now? I think that's a little premature. We hardly know anything about each other. No harm done. It's going to take at least a couple of hours to charge this cell. Then as soon as it's done, we should get it over to the shuttle immediately. This cell casing is already beginning to break down. Anna, we are going to get out of here. [Riker's quarters] (Loquel is eating chocolates and the game is five card draw) The power cell is ready. We should take it over to the shuttle. Why not? We don't have a few hours. I told you, this cell is already beginning to degenerate. I'm feeling very much better. in fact, I don't intend to go on using this any longer. There's no pain. It would appear I don't have any broken ribs after all. What's going on? Why are you trying to keep me here? Why are you keeping me locked in this freighter? You say that there are wild animals out there but I haven't heard or seen a single one of them. What about that comm. panel? You said you damaged it when you were cutting it out of the shuttle. Did you? You see, I find it hard to believe that you would destroy the one piece of equipment that could get you out of here after seven years. And what was this really for? To keep me immobilised? So it was necessary to keep me captive? I'm going to go look for the shuttle myself. Anna! Anna, no! (she throws him onto the floor and straddles him) Anna, stop! Anna. (picks up the pendant) Anna! Anna, where are you going? (Anna leaves, locking the door. Picard finds a crowbar and tries to force it when) Yes! Inside here! Inside the freighter! The door is on the opposite side! (bangs on the door) Over here! The door's over here! (the door opens and Voval enters without his decoration) Voval! I thought you were dead. Yes. There's a woman living here. She told me that she'd been to the shuttle. She said that she saw you dead. I see. Yes. She was upset. It's possible. You stay here. Keep warm. I'll go and look for her. Anna! Anna! We can search it twice as fast if we separate. (so they head off in opposite directions) Anna! Anna! (Picard sees Anna standing by the edge in the other direction) Anna, Anna. You don't have to do this. I found Voval, the shuttle pilot, he's still alive. He can help us get away from here. No. No, I won't promise. You have been manipulating me, haven't you? The necklace. It broke. I saw it in the cargo freighter, on the floor by the fire. I left it there. Now it's around your neck. It's whole. How? Where's Voval? Isn't it convenient that he arrived moments after you left? That he insisted that I come here to look for you? That I find you, here on the ledge, ready to jump? That's very good timing, don't you think? Are you and Voval working together? He's the only one who could have brought you the necklace. Go ahead. Why don't you do it? It's a long way down. Must be two hundred metres. You'd die instantly, if that's what you want. But I don't think that it really is. (Anna touches her pendent and turns into Voval) Failed? Voval, what is going on? Ambassador? But why did you believe that bringing me here would give you a better understanding of love? And the man was injured and she nursed him back to health, and they fell in love. Let me just say that we would not take such a direct approach. Ambassador, I have tell you that in my culture, what you have done would be considered a crime. Well, we'll can talk about it later. For now, I think we should get off this planet. Am I in assuming the damage the shuttle is not as bad as it seems? I think that now would be quite nice. [Shuttlebay] For me as well, Ambassador. No, on the contrary, I found your approach intriguing. We humans tend to take a rather balanced approach towards life. Never too much, never too little, and it's very nice to find a culture that is willing to take an experience to its furthest extreme. Ambassador. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Oh? Excessive honesty can be disastrous, particularly in a commander. Knowing your limitations is one thing. Advertising them to a crew can damage your credibility as a leader. On screen. (Not a person, but a computer record of a treaty and it's translation) What the devil? Cancel message. Humans can't survive in that environment. Exposure to hyperonic radiation is fatal. No, Number One. The Sheliak haven't broken a century of silence to send us after phantoms. An investigation is in order. Set course for Tau Cygna Five. (In orbit of the orange-brown planet) Numbers? Well, whoever they are, and however they survived, we've got to get them off the planet. Who are within their rights to demand the removal of these trespassers. Mister Data, as you are unaffected by hyperonic radiation, I'd like you to go to the planet via shuttlecraft and commence evacuation procedures. Number One, any speculation on what we might find down there? What carried the Artemis [Planet surface] So far off course? Understood. How many are there? Fifteen thousand! Shuttles? We need more time. Mister Data, prepare the colonists for an evacuation. Get me the Sheliak. I need the transporters to function despite the hyperonic radiation. Thee and me? [Bridge] Try them again. Boost the signal strength. Conversation is necessary if we are to find a solution to our mutual problem. Both parties are involved, sir. Let us negotiate in good faith. There is a thriving colony on that planet. Rather than uproot these people, may I offer a compromise? Why? This is not a law. It is a treaty. It is designed to smooth relations between peoples. Not to act as a strait (Transmission ends) Jacket. [Ard'rian's home] Picard to Commander Data. The Sheliak won't bargain. I'm contacting Starfleet to arrange transport. Get those people prepared to evacuation. We may have to move quickly. [Ard'rian's home] Come. Three weeks. Starfleet is profuse in their apologies, but it will still be three weeks until the arrival of a colony transport ship equipped with dedicated personnel shuttles. Then the Sheliak must agree to extend our deadline. They plan to settle Tau Cygna Five two days from now. We're going to intercept that ship. A risk we have to take. [Observation lounge] Now, are we progressing, Mister La Forge? Splendid. Splendid. Carry on. (Picard leaves) But we must have something in common. We communicate. Telepaths? Cup? Glass? Point taken. On my way. So, it begins. [Bridge] Hailing frequencies. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Starship Enterprise. We desire face-to-face negotiation to settle the crisis on Tau Cygna Five. We are entitled to consultation under paragraph six hundred and fifty three subparagraph nine. I am taking it as such. Counsellor. You have the Bridge, Number One. Director, we will comply with your request to remove the colony from Tau Cygna Five, but we need time. I'm trying, but the needed ship will not be available for three weeks. I have admitted that. I am only asking for a little flexibility. We will remove them, but you must grant us the time we require. They are not vermin. They are citizens of the Federation. I will not permit this outrage! Between intelligent species of good will [Bridge] (Picard and Troi are zapped back onto the Bridge in mid sentence) Go to yellow alert. Shields up. Mister Riker, put us nose to nose with the Sheliak ship. Any move she makes, match it. Mister Worf, hailing frequency. They don't have to answer. They just have to listen. Sheliak vessel, you will have to get past me to get at the colony on Tau Cygna Five. Close channel. And get me that treaty. They've been beating us over the head with it for three days. Let's see if we can't find something in it that we can turn to our own advantage. [Main square] (The elders are on a raised platform to the side, and four security guards are in front of the pool. Data fires at them) That's it. Mister Worf, get me the Sheliak. Pursuant to paragraph one thousand two hundred and ninety, I hereby formally request third party arbitration of our dispute. Furthermore, pursuant to subsection D three, I name the Grisellas to arbitrate. Unfortunately, they are currently in their hibernation cycle, However, they will awaken in six months, at which time we can get this matter settled. Now, do you want to wait or give me my three weeks? Then I declare the treaty in abeyance, You're damned right. On screen. Thank you. (The Sheliak ship turns around. La Forge enters) Excellent. Mister La Forge, I believe we will postpone. Come. Welcome home, Mister Data. Well done. The good doctor was kind enough to provide me with a recording of your concert. Your performance shows feeling. It's hard to believe. Your playing is quite beautiful. Is there nothing of Data in what I'm hearing? You see, you chose the violinists. Heifetz and Bronken have radically different styles, different techniques, yet you combined them successfully. Mister Data, I look forward to your next concert. (in this context, ensign has the meaning of the badge of office, an emblem, sign or token thereof) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
And I found these pieces in the tertiary level of the dig. They're typical of second century Marlonian cookware. Look at those markings. They're very similar to early Taguan designs, but the patterns are more intricate, they're much closer to Buranian than Taguan. It was a very rewarding experience. Look at these fragments. They're very nearly in perfect condition and yet they're seven hundred years old. Can you identify the problem? Lay in a course and prepare to engage at warp eight as soon as we're on board. Hard about, full impulse. Transfer auxiliary power to the inertial dampers. What the devil? After you. (Keiko enters the crawlway and Picard follows) [Transporter room] (the toy runs into the room, bumps against the Ferengi's foot, then leaves again. The Ferengi follows it) [Corridor] (Picard and Keiko see the Ferengi leave, and go into the transporter room) [Transporter room] I feel fine. Everything seems a little smaller. [School room] (Ro is drawing when Guinan enters)
Take us out of warp, Ensign. On screen. One of the most ancient formations in the galaxy. Structural status, Commander? Is it stable enough for an away team? Have transporter room one maintain a lock on each member of your away team. I want you out of there at the first sign of trouble. Transporter room one, can you lock on [Transporter room] To him and transport directly to Sickbay? Acknowledged. Picard to Crusher. [Sickbay] Prepare for emergency transport. Picard to Commander Riker. [Vico] Is the boy ready, Number One? It's your signal. Ensign, do we have him? How much longer till we can access their logs? The boy was here. And his father? Most likely. [Sickbay] (Timothy falls asleep and Data is freed from his grip) No signs of phaser burns on the hull. But that's a strategy consistent with a cloaked vessel. Romulan. Or Klingon. But we're quite a distance from either of their territories. Thank you, Data. But what would the Breen be doing inside the Black Cluster? The boy described a boarding party with helmets and phaser rifles. Counsellor. Or could he be lying? Why wouldn't he tell us the truth? Thank you, Geordi. (La Forge leaves) Would Timothy also be more inclined to tell Data the truth about what happened? Commander, proceed with Timothy as the Counsellor suggests. Counsellor, has the boy volunteered any further information? If there's a possibility of getting more from him, I'd like you to pursue it. But we need to continue our investigation. We'll enter the Black Cluster at oh seven hundred hours tomorrow morning. Dismissed. [Corridor] (Troi rings the bell of 08-1402 and Timothy opens the door. He's wearing a jumper with a gold body section like a starfleet uniform) An android? Counsellor, how long will this behaviour last? I assume this is not a time to confront him about what happened to his ship. Data, I would like you to make Timothy the best android he can possibly be. [Timothy's quarters] (Data checks his appearance in the mirror, then tries to brush Timothy's hair to match his own) Drop to one quarter impulse, Ensign. Take us to visual range, Ensign. Cancel Red alert. Mister Worf, adjust the sensors to compensate for the distortion. Sensor difficulties have been reported by ships travelling through black clusters, but never this extreme. Resume previous course, Ensign. Let's see if anyone's out there. Mister Worf, attempt a wide range sensor sweep. Mister Data to the Bridge, please. Adjust sensors to short range. Attempt a limited positron scan. Mister Data, our sensors have been rendered ineffective by the field distortion. I want your analysis. Mister Worf, fire phasers, maximum intensity, limited spectrum. Zero zero one mark zero four five. Exactly, Number One. Explanation, Mister Data. Phasers and sensors both useless? Mister Data, this reflection phenomenon, would it have the same effect on a disruptor-style weapon? And a ship's cloaking field? Mister Data, is it at all likely that the Vico could have been attacked inside the cluster? Picard to Counsellor Troi. Counsellor, will you bring Timothy to my Ready room? [Ready room] Timothy, can you tell us what happened to your ship? What was it that didn't you mean to do, Timothy? Your computer had safety precautions. There is nothing you could have touched that would have damaged your ship. We're trying to determine what happened right now, and if there is anything you can remember that may assist (they shake from a wavefront) Ensign, full about. Go to warp two. Full shields. La Forge? Go ahead, Commander. Make it so. If we had transferred all that warp power to the shields, it would have torn the ship apart. Full about, one quarter impulse. Take us out of here. [Classroom observation area] (the class is singing 'Row your boat')
It's been suggested that Spock might have defected. I have a good idea. You've made a mistake. I have come on an urgent mission from the Federation. I'm looking for Ambassador Spock. That was to have been my question of you, sir. On the contrary, it is very much Starfleet's concern. You're in a position to compromise the security of the Federation. That is not satisfactory. And I will not return without a full explanation. Ambassador, with great respect for all that you've achieved on behalf of the Federation, this sort of cowboy diplomacy will not easily be tolerated any more. If you wish to undertake a mission with obvious repercussions to the Federation, then you should discuss it with the Federation. I'm here as their representative. You'll have to discuss it with me. I also have the responsibility of being the bearer of unhappy news. It was an honour. He is a great man. I was with him before coming here. He expressed his pride in you. His love. No, those feelings came from his heart, Spock. He shared them with me. I know. Reunification? After so many centuries? After so many fundamental differences have evolved between your peoples? What is this first step that Pardek suggests? Why would you not bring something so important to the attention of your own people or the Federation? History is aware of the role you played, Ambassador. Ambassador, your logic escapes me. If I didn't know better, I would say that your judgment is influenced by your emotions. I speak as a Starfleet officer, and I cannot ignore the risks to you. Nevertheless, sir, I'm not prepared to leave until your affairs are completed. Then I'm in good company, sir. [Klingon bridge] How widespread is this movement? Serious enough for the leaders to suddenly embrace a Vulcan peace initiative? I have some difficulty in accepting that. I will be the first to cheer when the Neutral Zone is abolished. But I wonder if this movement is strong enough to reshape the entire Romulan political landscape. Hello, D'Tan. These people are no one's enemy, Senator. It's hard to believe that he could rise to the rank of Senate Proconsul without the support of the Romulan traditionalists. Then how can he turn his back on them so easily? How can he endorse reunification when it's considered subversive? Perhaps because he's hoping to expose members of your movement. That is not true. You let their emotion sway you. You are as sceptical as I am. Is it logical to ignore your own good sense? That is the second time you have accused me of speaking with another man's voice. It's true he will always be a part of me. His experiences, his spirit. But I speak with my own voice, not his. Is it so important that you to win one last argument? But your fight with Sarek is over, Spock, and you have none with me. Even if it leads you into a Romulan trap. Have you had any success, Mister Data? I think I'll take this opportunity to remove my ears. (Picard leaves) And the Romulans are suddenly very interested in bonding with the Vulcans. Spock has been meeting with the new Senate Proconsul about reunification. The Proconsul says that he is prepared to endorse peace talks. The Ambassador is sceptical, but he cares a great deal about reunification. As long as there's a chance of success, he's prepared to pursue it. Neither do I, Counsellor. How soon can you be at Galorndon Core, Number One? Well, this may prove to be a wild goose chase, but I don't see that we have any other choice, do you? We'll advise you further as soon as you reach your destination, Number One. Picard out. (transmission ends) Can you access it? Nothing more? The only communication that was sent were the numbers one four zero zero. Peace envoy, in a stolen Vulcan ship. The moment those Vulcan ships appear in the Neutral Zone, the Enterprise will move to intercept. Do you seriously believe that the Federation will not immediately intervene? You can hardly believe this will convince anyone. Suggestions? Well done, Mister Data. Though I don't think you got Commander Riker's hair quite right. Well done, Mister Data. What will you do now ? The Federation will welcome that day. I wish you well. Ambassador I have learned it is useless to argue with you once your mind is set. Would it surprise you to learn that he found them equally valuable? I offer you the chance to touch what he shared with me. (and we close on Spock initiating a mind-meld with Picard) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Take us to impulse power. Yes, Lieutenant. How much time will these adjustments require, Lieutenant? Magnify, Mister Worf. Hardly an inviting planet, even for a research establishment. Hailing frequencies, Mister Worf. This is Captain Picard of the USS Enterprise. Can you clean that up, Mister Worf? This is Picard of the Enterprise. Please will you repeat your message? That is correct. Human. Friendly or not, Salia has the rank of head of state, so we will treat her and Anya accordingly. Number One, Mister Worf, let's go greet our visitors. You have the Bridge, Mister Data. Welcome to the Enterprise. I'm Captain Picard. Oh, yes, it is. Yes, of course. Very well. [Corridor] We're accommodating you in quarters normally reserved for Starfleet admiralty. I'm sure you'll find them quite comfortable. (Wesley exits a turbolift as the party passes. The universe stands still as Salia smiles at him, then turns back to speak) Mister Worf, have our passenger's accommodations met with their approval? Are you suggesting they're not who they say they are? Picard to Salia's quarters. May we turn on the viewer? Are your quarters satisfactory? That was Ensign Wesley Crusher. (Anya enters) Please feel free to contact me at any time. Picard out. [Bridge] What do we know about the cause of these wars? This child is supposed to bring them together. Picard to Salia's quarters. May I activate the viewer? [Salia's quarters] (on monitor) We've invited Anya to take a tour of the ship. Maybe you would like to join her? (on monitor) Your escort will with you shortly. Picard out. Wait! Hold your fire. (Anya returns to humanoid shape) Worf! The situation is under control. Well, it will have to be. Yes, that may be, but you will obey my orders. You are to remain in your quarters and in your present form for the rest of this voyage. Is that clear? Keep her under guard. I've never seen anything like her. I want a Security team stationed outside Sickbay, Mister Worf. Improvise. [Holodeck] (Wesley and Salia are on a planetoid orbiting a ringed planet) We've obviously brought a very dangerous life form aboard this ship. I want to minimize the chances of any incident. The most dangerous animal is a mother protecting her young. Yes? Ensign, step away from her. Yes, Lieutenant? Very good. [Bridge] Number One, get us to Daled as quickly as possible. Ensign Crusher, when you're finished with your duties in Engineering, report to my Ready Room. You have the Bridge, Number One. The woman, Anya, is not what she appears to be. She is an allasomorph. Yes. She's not only a governess, she's also the girl's protector. Now, I don't care to interfere in the personal relationships of those under my command, but in this case. Yes, I do. For the good of the ship and the safety of everyone on board. Standard orbit. Hailing frequencies, Mister Worf. Magnify. Times twenty. Mister Data, do whatever is necessary to override the interference. Let's complete our mission. [Wesley's quarters] Audio on. Splendid.
Good evening, Mister Data. No need to report. I'm just here to do some work on my own. I'd like to talk to Doctor Mowray at his archaeological site on Landris Two. Could you put it through to my Ready room? How long will it be? No, it's not important. Computer, display the latest excavation schematics on Landris Two. Explain. Tea, Earl Grey. Hot. What could they possibly be doing down there? [Stellar cartography] (the room is dark as Picard enters) You might have taken the simple precaution of locking the door. I assume that you must be Lieutenant Commander Daren. Well, you're new on the Enterprise. You'll have to learn to expect the unexpected. Excellent. Now perhaps you can tell me what was so important that it required depriving the Captain of his cup of Earl Grey? I look forward to sampling them. What were the readings for? A long time to wait to see if you're right. Yes. I understand it has unusual radioactive emissions, and I'm sure that Stellar Sciences will find it a most interesting study. Well, you have the Bridge, Number One. I'll be there. [Picard's quarters] (a shared meal) And so the upshot is that we'll be close enough for you to slip away for a few days and see Wesley. It's an herbal tea blend. I, er, found it in the replicator files. Have you met any of the new crewmembers who came aboard at Starbase two eighteen? I met the new head of Stellar Sciences last night. Lieutenant Commander Daren. Did you know it is now possible to predict the configuration of a star system which won't be formed for another two million years? It's really quite intriguing. The whole thing is made possible by a complex mathematical construct based on fractal particle motion. But that's only the foundation. The modeling itself is done by gravimetric wave input. Well, I know this is all pretty dry stuff. Stellar cartography isn't everybody's cup of tea. You know, we'd should be getting along to Ten Forward. We're going to be late for the concert. [Ten Forward] (the raised area in front of the windows is the stage. Data and a cellist enter, then the pianist, Nella. Troi picks up Picard's emotions during the performance) Commander, that was a remarkable performance. I think that much was obvious. Commander, you must have been playing since you were young. I played the piano for a while when I was small, but I didn't put in the practice you must have. I wanted to ask, during the second arpeggio in the first movement, I noticed that you played an F minor chord instead of a diminished D. No, no, no, I'm just an amateur. But your choice in that arpeggio was delightful. Not at all what one would expect. Computer, pause playback. Come. Oh, Commander Daren. No, please, come in. I'm delighted. It's Ressikan. They're not made anymore. Er, yes, a long time. I'm not very good. Yes, but I wouldn't want to inflict it on someone else. Yes, of course. Yes, you're not holding it quite right. May I? There isn't a piano. That is remarkable. Why don't you play something? What shall we play? Bach, the third Brandenburg. I'm sorry. Just the computer. Number One, my fencing partner's cancelled for this afternoon. I was wondering if you wanted to join me? It doesn't matter so as long as you enjoy it. Good. Excellent. Fourteen hundred hours, then. [Sickbay] Where are we going? I don't see why we couldn't just practice in my quarters. (they sit at an intersection) Yes, this is the fourth intersect in Jefferies tube twenty five. How did you find it? You mean to say you climbed through every tube on the ship? It's an old folk melody. I understand there are nuances that only Kerelians can pick up. We just don't have the ears for it. (a crewwoman enters) Very good, Commander. [Bridge] We don't rendezvous with the Havana for another two days. That'll give us plenty of opportunity to study this phenomenon. Counsellor, could I speak with you in my Ready room? You have the Bridge, Number One. [Ready room] Sit down, Counsellor. I want to talk to you about a matter of protocol. I know there are no Starfleet regulations about a Captain becoming involved with a fellow officer, but It's that obvious? But I have to be concerned about more than my own happiness. Yes. Relationships with co-workers can be fraught with consequences. You seem I've always believed that becoming involved with someone under my command would compromise my objectivity. And yet. If I were, would you give it? Nella. I'm really very sorry about what happened in the turbolift. When the crewmember walked in, I felt very self-conscious. It's going to take a while for me to get used to the idea of crew seeing the two of us together. I can assure you that I'm not given to casual relationships. (a crewman enters) There is something that I want to tell you. But not here. [Picard's quarters] Do you remember that folk melody I played for you this morning? I learned it on a planet called Kataan. No, I'm not surprised. Its sun went nova more than a thousand years ago. The Enterprise encountered a probe that had been sent from the planet before it was destroyed. It had scanned me and I lost consciousness, and in the space of twenty five minutes I lived a lifetime on that planet. I had a wife, and children, and a grandchild. And it was absolutely real to me. When I awoke, all that I had left of that life there was the flute that I had taught myself to play. Because I want you to understand what my music means to me. And what it means for me to be able to share it with someone. Come. Yes, of course. Come in, Number One. Because of her relationship with me? Are her requests unusual? Would you say that she's just trying to do her job? Then let her do it, and feel free to do yours. Ship's resources are your responsibility. I've always had absolute confidence in your judgment. No, no, no you're not. It's just that Commander Riker came to talk to me this afternoon. About you. That's what I told him. But we have to be careful. Obviously it's easy for people to misunderstand. All I'm saying is that it's something we have to be aware of. But you mustn't compromise yourself. You must do what you have to do. Because if I find that my head of Stellar Sciences isn't being effective, then I shall do what I must to do and I shall replace her. Now, I think that we should just forget about this and enjoy out evening. Right. Now this is something that I first tasted on Thelka Four. Go ahead, Mister Worf. I'm on my way. Captain's log, stardate 46693.1. We have entered the Bersallis star system and are making preparations to evacuate the Federation outpost on the third planet. [Observation lounge] Let's do it. Commander Daren. About these thermal deflectors. (everyone else leaves) There must be one of any number of people could coordinate their deployment. Energise. [Bridge] Mister Worf, how long before the storm reaches the outposts? Go ahead, Mister La Forge. [Transporter room] Keep at it, Mister La Forge. [Planet surface] (the deflectors are set up on a ridge, the teams are below in rock formations) Go ahead, Doctor. [Transporter room] (a different one, with Guy Vardeman at the transporter controls) Understood. Picard to Commander Riker. How many more colonists do you have to transport? How long do you need? Picard to perimeter teams. [Planet surface] It is imperative that you hold your position until we finish evacuating the colony. Picard out. [Bridge] Picard to Mister La Forge. I want a signal lock on every member of the perimeter teams. As soon as the last of the colony is evacuated, I want those perimeter teams out of there. Is that understood? Which teams are missing? Go ahead, Mister Worf. I'm on my way. [Transporter room] (Picard enters as one group arrives, then Nella is beamed up supporting Deng) I'm so sorry. It must have been terrible. Part of you must have blamed me. I've lost people under my command. People who were very dear to me. But never someone I've been in love with. And when I believed that you were dead, I just began to shut down. I didn't want to think or feel. I was here in my quarters, and the only thing I could focus on was my music, and how it would never again give me any joy. Then I saw you standing on the transporter pad and I knew that I could never again put your life in jeopardy. You could always resign your commission. Stay here with me. But we could still see each other. People do. We could arrange shore leave together. And, for the future, who knows?
Come. (Troi enters) Yes, Counsellor. Come, sit down. Counsellor, you've had the opportunity to observe Doctor Pulaski for some time now. How would you evaluate her as a Chief Medical Officer? Yes, of course. I entirely agree. Is it possible that such consuming dedication could interfere with her judgement? Yes, perhaps you're right. Respond on the same frequency. [Bridge] Are you locked on to that transmission? USS Lantree, this is Picard of the Enterprise. What is the nature of your emergency? Lantree. Are you under attack? Lantree? USS Lantree, this is the Enterprise. Come in, Lantree. Replay that last transmission. Number One? Adjust course to intercept. Warp seven. Take us out of warp. Establish parallel course. Match speed. Hailing frequencies. Lantree, this is the Enterprise. Captain Telaka, this is Picard of the Enterprise. Do you read me? Counsellor? Possibly, Mister Worf. Number One? Agreed. [Ready room] Computer, security override request. Picard, Jean-Luc, Captain, USS Enterprise. Request control access Starfleet ship USS Lantree, Isao Telaka commanding. Omicron omicron alpha yellow daystar two seven. Enable. [Bridge] (At the rear stations) Grand. Commence operations. All right, let's have a look. Are you reading anything, Doctor? Magnify. That must be Captain Telaka on the left. Let's look at him. Closer. My God. What is it? Natural causes? What in nature could cause that? Play back the Captain's last entry. Doctor? Thelusian flu? You'll agree that we should quarantine the Lantree. Set course for Gagarin Four, warp seven. Engage. Captain's log, supplemental. We're en route to the Federation Research station on Gagarin Four. The mere thought of a possible connection between the Lantree tragedy and a genetic research facility fills me with profound apprehension. [Bridge] Standard orbit, Mister Crusher. Hailing frequencies. Darwin Station, this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise. (A middle aged woman comes on the viewscreen. She seems harassed) Doctor, if you're speaking of the Lantree, we encountered it a few hours ago. All the crew members were dead. Doctor, did you hear what I said? All the twenty six men and women aboard that ship were dead. I'm sorry, but under the circumstances, until we know what's going on I'm imposing a full quarantine on Darwin Station. Doctor, our options in a quarantine situation are extremely limited. We are going to consider the possibilities. I suggest you do the same. [Observation lounge] Number One? Doctor? Counsellor, do you sense anything? We have only Doctor Kingsley's assurance that these children are not infected, whereas we have seen the results of this disease first hand. In a case like this, I think we should err on the side of caution. There's always risk, Doctor. Proceed with the examination, but I shall require positive proof that these children are harmless before I place any of my crew in jeopardy. [Science lab] Activate it. (The forcefield goes up around a single examination table in the middle of the room) Transporter? Is there a problem? [Transporter room] Well take all the time you need. One moment, Lieutenant. Whoever he is, he's still in stasis. Force field down. At least Doctor Kingsley's vision of it. (Later, as two nurses do most of the examining with various instruments, Picard returns to the lab) That seems rather risky, Doctor. But what if you're wrong? You saw what happened on the Lantree. I can't expose the Enterprise until I know where this disease came from and how it is transmitted. But if we lose the force field for any reason, we lose the ship. Force fields can fail, and until But the risk is If you can demonstrate that he is biologically harmless without risk to the crew, I'll do everything in my power to assist. And Doctor, God knows I'm not one to discourage input, but I would appreciate it if you'd let me finish my sentences once in a while. [Corridor] Come. What about you? Doctor, you have a responsibility to this ship which goes Starfleet guidelines about contact with quarantined Request approved. I recognise that you're trying to satisfy my conditions. Good luck, Doctor. [Shuttlecraft] Time? She's been in direct contact with the boy for eighteen minutes. [Shuttlecraft] (Data is giving Pulaski a medical examination) Doctor, I don't understand. What has happened? Explain. What can we do? Chief O'Brien, are you ready? Quickly, please. Tell us what you need, Doctor. We can no longer consider the Darwin Station crisis our most immediate concern, although Doctor Pulaski's condition is inseparably linked with that emergency. Her safe return and that of Commander Data must take priority, please. But we don't know what's causing the disease. We can't protect ourselves against the unknown. What we need is some kind of filter that doesn't depend on known biological factors. Then do it. It seems we have no alternative. Never? Bridge, Picard. Contact the USS Repulse using subspace captain's priority channel. [Darwin Station Lab] Tell me, Taggert, if she served you as well as you say, why did you let her go? Extraordinary. [Darwin Station lab] Have you made any progress, Doctor? What do you mean? Then why did it attack you more quickly than Doctor Kingsley? Right, what's the next step? Doctor, I want you back aboard this ship. We'll beam you up in suspended animation like the boy. That will give us more time. I wish I could be certain that we'd tried everything. You have the Bridge, Number One. [Transporter room] Data, tell me if. It's good to see you again. Now, quickly. If the changes in Doctor Pulaski's DNA were reversed, would it be possible Yes, yes, yes. But say if it were undone, would she be normal again? You said that the transporter could be modified to filter out the changes in Doctor Pulaski? Well, what if we used a sample of her DNA, say from a blood test taken before she was exposed to the disease? Could that be used to filter out the genetic changes? Data. Can you do the modifications? Then make it so. Darwin Station, this is the Enterprise. Doctor, we may have a solution. We have a sample of your normal DNA to use as a filter in the transporter. We think that we can beam you aboard while filtering out any of the genetic problems caused by the disease. I think you should know, this has never been attempted before. All set, Chief? Yes? Then I'll operate the transporter controls myself. If she's going to be consigned to oblivion, then Doctor Pulaski, are you ready? Here we go. (The figure that starts to materialise is white-haired and old) It's not working. Welcome back, Doctor. Come. [Corridor] If this hadn't worked, it would have been necessary to beam your energy into empty space. Yes. I'm sorry. Number One. Gentlemen. Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Come. Mister Worf, I thought our meeting was scheduled for eleven hundred hours. I see. Well, Mister Worf, as you're aware, several new security officers will be transferring to the Enterprise next week and I would like to discuss. I would like to discuss with you the specific areas of ship's security that I would like Mister Worf. You are not the first officer on this ship to have a new family member. Take care of your son. The security matters can wait. Warp without warp drive. Doctor, how will you end the experiment? Very well, Doctor. We'll contact you again once we've finished studying the mission specs. [Bridge] On screen. Mister Riker? The Enterprise is ready, Doctor. And Doctor? Good luck. Ensign, engage. (Enterprise goes to warp) Ensign, bring us to within twenty kilometres of the test ship. Mister Data, is the wave affecting our warp drive? Astonishing. Commander Riker, have science lab three begin a series of gamma emission tests. Bring us out of warp, Ensign. All stop. Hold on! What happened to the test ship? On screen. We sustained some minor damage. Do you know what happened? We'll contact you as soon as the sensors are back online. Report. How do we stop it? Let's hear the second option. How fast is the wave travelling now? How much protection will the shields provide if we attempt to penetrate the wave? It's a better choice. Lay in a course for the soliton wave. [Bridge] Ensign, after we've passed through the wave, I want you to take us at a relative position twenty three kilometres in front of it. Ensign, take us to warp seven point two one. Stand by to increase speed to warp seven point three. On my mark. Engage. [Biolab] (in the deserted lab, Alexander is visiting with the gilvos. He gets thrown to the floor when they hit the wave) [Bridge] Report. Make it so. Seal off the compartment. Prepare to vent the air from Computer, identify humanoid life form in biolab four. Bridge to biolab four. Alexander, can you hear us? Mister Data, how long before the wave overtakes us? Granted. Commander, will you accompany Mister Worf to biolab four. Commander. I can't let the soliton wave hit the colony. You have three minutes, not one second more. [Corridor] Stand by to fire torpedoes on my command. [Biolab] Picard to Commander Riker. Bridge to Lieutenant Worf, acknowledge. Commander Riker, acknowledge! Fire torpedoes. [Corridor] (they get out just as the torpedoes streak to their target, Riker carrying the gilvos) [Bridge] Picard to Riker.
What do we know about them, Data? Destroyed themselves, Data? Transporter Room! Beam them straight to Sickbay. Doctor Crusher, incoming wounded. [Sickbay] (The party have dirty faces and uniforms) Lieutenant? And his father? Where is he now? I appreciate your offer, Lieutenant, but this is my responsibility. [Corridor] Picard to Bridge. Assign Commander La Forge to lead another away team to the dig site. I want to know why this happened. I will be with Counsellor Troi [Bridge] And young Jeremy Aster. I really wonder. Halt. I've always believed that carrying children on a starship is a very questionable policy. Serving on a starship means accepting certain risks, certain dangers. Did Jeremy Aster make that choice? No, but Earth isn't likely to be ordered to the Neutral Zone, or to repel a Romulan attack, It was my command which sent his mother to her death. She understood her mission and my duty. Will he? Resume. [Teacher's office] Jeremy, I have some bad news. There has been an accident. Your mother has died. An explosive device at the mission site. She died instantly. I'm told that your father is also dead. Jeremy, on the starship Enterprise, no one is alone. No one. [Ten forward] How long would you say they've been there, Data? Left by whom? There are no indications of life on this planet. Come. Counsellor, how's the boy? Good. How can we help? Oh? I know of that. Perhaps it will be helpful to both of them. As you always do. I break the unpleasant news and there my responsibility ends, but you, you have to stay with them through the entire grieving process. Location? Indeed? Full scan. Life form? Data, scan analysis on main viewer. (Something looks as if it is streaming off the planet) [Crusher's office] Is it alive? An alien presence? Go ahead. Do not provoke her [Bridge] Or interfere in any way until I arrive. Picard out. Number One, have Security moving that way but tell them to keep their distance. You have the Bridge. Counsellor. [Jeremy's quarters] We're on our way. [Transporter room] Who are you? What do you want? I cannot permit that. The boy is my responsibility. Because I don't know who or what you are. Jeremy, she appears to be your mother, but she is not. Is the boy in any danger? Help him? [Aster home] Troi, would it be wise to remove Jeremy from his cabin? Counsellor, stay with them in Jeremy's quarters. [Aster home] We'll try and put an end to this from here. Data, can you determine for certain that the energy source from the planet is powering this creation? So there are limits to her power. So how do we cut the puppet's strings? Proceed. Mister Crusher, take us out of here. (But the Enterprise is penetrated by the energy field and klaxons sound) [Transporter room] Commander La Forge, Mister Worf, come with me. Number One, you have the Bridge. [Corridor] (The energy has chased O'Brien out into the corridor. There it knocks out the two security guards) [Jeremy's quarters] (The room is transformed into the house again) Acknowledged. Lieutenant Worf, to transporter room three. [Corridor] Bridge, seal off deck eight, corridors A and B. [Bridge] Bridge, release security forcefield eight B. Hello, Jeremy. How are you? Are you frightened? Of course. These are frightening things that are happening. But we won't let anyone harm you. Counsellor, why don't you take the boy to my quarters. We? For whom else do you speak? I appreciate your motives, but his mother is dead. He must learn to live with that. But not his mother. Picard to Lieutenant Worf. Will you escort Ensign Crusher to the Aster quarters? Picard out. It is at the heart of our nature to feel pain and joy. It is an essential part of what makes us what we are. For a brief moment in time, he surely would be. Any of us in his place would be. Yes, it's quite an undertaking you're proposing, isn't it? Do you honestly believe he would be happy in this total fiction which you wish to create? What reason would he have to live? What you're offering him is a memory, something to cherish, not to live in. It is part of our life cycle that we accept the death of those we love. Jeremy must come to terms with his grief. He must not cover it or hide away from it. You see, we are mortal. Our time in this universe is finite. That is one of the truths that all human must learn. Yes. Come in, Wesley. Please stay, Lieutenant. Jeremy, Wesley's father died on a Starfleet mission when he was younger than you are. The day I told you your father had been killed. As I recall, Wesley, you took it very well. So you were prepared? Wesley, are you saying that you didn't want anybody to see what you were really feeling? What were you really feeling? Somebody? Why angry? Why were you angry at me, Wesley? Were you angry at me because I was the one who told you your father was dead? Then why? Lieutenant Worf also lost his parents.
Mister Worf, dispatch a subspace message to Admiral Hanson. We have engaged the Borg. I am Locutus of Borg. From this time forward, you will service us. The knowledge and experience of the human Picard is part of us now. It has prepared us for all possible courses of action. Your resistance is hopeless, Number One. First Officer's log, stardate 44001.4. The Borg ship has resumed its course toward Earth. We are unable to pursue pending repairs to the Enterprise. [Observation lounge] You may speak. [Battle bridge] Then you must unconditionally surrender. It is unlikely you are prepared to discuss terms. It is more likely that this is an attempt at deception. Picard implicitly trusted you. Discussion is irrelevant. There are no terms. You will disarm all your weapons and escort us to Sector zero zero one where we will begin assimilating your culture and technology. (mute) Preparation is irrelevant. Your people will be assimilated as easily as Picard has been. Your attempt at a delay will not be successful, Number One. We will proceed to Earth, and if you attempt to intervene, we will destroy you. Beverly. Crusher. Doctor. I am on board the Enterprise. : A futile manoeuvre. Incorrect strategy, Number One. To risk your ship and crew to retrieve only one man. Picard would never have approved. You underestimate us if you believe this abduction is any concern. There is no need for apprehension. I intend no harm. No harm. I will continue, aboard this ship, to speak for the Borg, while they continue without further diversion to Sector zero zero one, where they will force your unconditional surrender. [Bridge] Worf. Klingon species. A warrior race. You too will be assimilated. Why do you resist? We only wish to raise quality of life for all species. A narrow vision. You will become one with the Borg. You will all become one with the Borg. The android, Data. Primitive artificial organism. You will be obsolete in the new order. (Crusher gives him a hypospray and knocks him out) Sleep. Sleep. Sleep, Data. Almost human. With just a bit of a headache. Everything. Including some brilliantly unorthodox strategy from a former first officer of mine. [Ready room] (Picard is back in uniform, with just a few implants on this side of his head. Riker still has four pips on his collar) Have they estimated time for repairs? Permission granted. They've picked a fine officer for the task force, Commander. Make it so, Number One. (Picard picks up his tea, then stiffens and puts the cup down again. He goes to the window and stands looking out at ?) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I don't understand your concern, Number One. They're not authorised to make any alterations in our engines, and according to Starfleet's report, they will simply test different ways of entering warp speed and different intermix formulas. What's the harm in that? Gibberish? Then how do you explain Starfleet's report that the same tests on the USS Ajax and on the Fearless over there, resulted in a measurable increase in propulsion. Stand by for Commander Riker, Chief. He's on his way. Since you're concerned about these tests. Very good. [Transporter room] Engineering, this is the Bridge. It's your call. [Engineering] Affirmative, Number One. Are you ready? [Engineering] La Forge, set in warp one point five. [Bridge] Engage. [Engineering] What is our velocity? Reverse engines. Because no one has gone this fast. Reverse engines. (They arrive at a beautiful place) All stop. Position? Position, Mister La Forge. That's not possible. Data, what distance have we travelled? I can't accept that. Mister Data! Just explain what brought us here. What is he saying, Number One? Considering where we are, we must assume it isn't. [Engineering] Thrill? Yes, but isn't the real point, can you do it again? Can you get us home? Commander Riker will join you in a moment. (Kosinski leaves) Comment is invited. Counsellor? Spoken like a true Starfleet graduate. It is tempting, eh, Number One? I know that if Kosinski can get us home, Starfleet can use his technique to bring back a pure science vessel to do even more. Number One, tell Kosinski prepare to get us out of here. Standing by, Number One. As before [Bridge] Begin at warp one point five. All stop. Yes, but where is this place? (Lights are dancing in a blue scene) Data, you have the helm. I'll be in Engineering. (Picard leaves) (There is a grunting sound, and Worf turns to see what looks like a hairy pig with a horn and wicked looking spines) What's wrong? Ensign, what are you doing? (Her tutu becomes her uniform again) (The violinist is sitting at a table, having a meal) (Picard turns a corner and meets an elderly woman sitting at a tea table) Maman? This can't be. You've been Yes, I've felt that. But why now, suddenly. We believe it the outer rim. Maman, do you understand these things? Can you tell me where my ship is? What is this place? Just a moment, Number One! (But the corridor is empty now) No. No, let's help all of us. (goes to comm. panel) General quarters. Red Alert. [Engineering] (Crusher is examining the Traveller, who is lying on a padded bench) I had to get everyone's attention. It was the quickest way. This is the Captain. This is not a drill. It seems that in this place, the world of the physical universe and the world of ideas is somehow intermixed. What we think [Bridge] Also becomes a reality. We must, therefore, I repeat, must begin controlling our thoughts. [Corridor] We will give you more on this as our understanding increases. The Enterprise will stay at full alert until the crisis is over. [Engineering] (to Kosinski) What did you do? What are you talking about? How could you? How could any of us? If you knew something, why didn't you say so? He's unconscious. Why? What does that mean? He mustn't. He's the only one who can get us back. Cause? What is the boy doing here? He knows. We all know. Will he live? Wake him. We don't have that luxury. Wake him. Doctor. Wes. We all have other friends aboard this ship, too. If we stay here much longer we may lose the ability to distinguish between thought and reality. Now, regardless of the risk, wake him. Now. (Crusher gives the Traveller an injection) Do you recognise me? I'm the Captain and I need answers. Who are you? Or what? Traveller? What is your destination? Yes, what place are you trying to reach? Then what is the purpose of your journey? That's not an answer. Until now. Our reality? And in order to satisfy this curiosity, you have brought my ship and my crew into great risk. Some mistakes? What mistakes could possibly explain these incredible explosions of velocity? I believe there may be a warp speed that can get us beyond Galaxy M Thirty Three, but there is no velocity of any magnitude that can possibly bring us wherever this is. Is it true what our navigation sensors are telling us? Are we millions of light years away from where we were? Well, what got us here? Thought? No. No, it actually makes sense to me. Only the power of thought could explain what has been happening. Especially out here. Chaos. What we think is what happens. What's happening? Revive him. Unless he was distracted by something. Do you have any facts that fit this? Can you get us back? And we report our observations how? To whom? (to the Traveller) Can you get us back? Number One, take him down to main Engineering. I'll be on the Bridge. Strange how he seems to care for you. The boy? I must get my ship back. Do we have time for this? Encourage him in what? Somewhat. We're going to get back home. Take him to Engineering. I'll be on the Bridge. Put it out! Think! Put the flame out in your thoughts. (He eventually does so) Now, Get to your station and concentrate on your assignment. Do you have any further advice, Counsellor? All decks, all stations. [Various parts of the ship] This is the Captain speaking. All decks, I must have your full attention. In a few moments, as we attempt to warp back home, it is vital, absolutely vital, that you centre your thoughts on your duty or on the welfare of the one called the Traveller. [Engineering] Think of giving him some of your strength. Now, this is an order. You must try to do this. [Bridge] And now, attempt to concentrate completely on your duty of the moment. Or on the Traveller, on his well being. [Engineering] Think of him as someone you care deeply about. [Bridge] All decks, all stations. Battle stations. [Engineering] Helm, set in warp one point five, retroactive course. Bridge to Engineering. Stand by. On my order, Mister Data, Mister La Forge. Engage. (The Enterprise whooshes off into streaks of light) It's not happening. It's not enough. (Down in Engineering, Wesley senses something is wrong, and squeezes the Traveller's hand. Then the Traveller has a go at phasing. Enterprise disappears in a crack of light, and the Traveller does not rematerialise. The ship is back in what looks like normal space) Cease Red Alert. Gone? Attention all decks. This is to inform you that with your support the Traveller has returned us to our galaxy. However, he has now left us. Wherever he has gone, we wish him well. Have the boy sent to the Bridge, Number One. Our next assignment is on this heading? Mister Data, Mister La Forge, increase to warp five. Same heading. Ah, Wesley. Come on the Bridge. Move! Commander Riker has told me how supportive you were in Engineering. Well done. At ease. Sit here in Command. Oh, that's true. Well, I can't waive them again. Only commissioned officers. Please don't interrupt me, Wesley. Any commissioned rank? Even ensign? Well, then, I'll have to make him an acting ensign. Captain's log, stardate 41263.4. For outstanding performance in the best of Starfleet tradition, Wesley Crusher is made Acting Ensign, with the duties and privileges of that rank. And whether that rank becomes permanent, Mister Crusher, depends on you. At the earliest opportunity, your entrance application for Starfleet Academy will be tendered. Until then, you will learn this ship. Every operation, every function. Commander Riker, a duty schedule for Mister Crusher, heavy on study. Meanwhile, you can sit here and learn something. (Wesley perches on the end of the arch supporting the command seats) Why? Is someone ill? Or would you rather tell her about this, Wes?
Good. I am trying to establish a new relationship with the Admiral. There has been a certain amount of tension between us in the past. Well, I am trying to get things off on a better note this time. I want to make her feel at ease. I want her to feel that she's welcome aboard the Enterprise. We don't have to like her, Will, but we have to follow her orders, and maintaining this atmosphere of confrontation serves no purpose. (a security officer and the tiny woman enter) Admiral Necheyev, welcome aboard the Enterprise. May I offer you some refreshment? As a matter of fact, they are. I spoke with your aide, Commander Wrightwell, and he said that you were particularly fond of them. Please. You were saying about the Cardassians? (Picard pours the tea) I see. This border places several Federation colonies in Cardassian territory and some Cardassian colonies in ours. Well, the colonists are not going to be happy about that. Some of them have been there for decades. Dorvan Five? Isn't that where the group of North American Indians settled? Admiral, centuries ago these North American Indians were forcibly displaced from their ancestral lands. These settlers on Dorvan Five originally left Earth more than two hundred years ago in order to preserve their cultural identities. You see, Admiral, there are some very disturbing historical parallels here. Once more, they're being asked to leave their homes because of a political decision that has been taken by a distant government. Granted, but to go to them now after twenty years later and ask them to leave what is now their home. What if these Indians refuse to be evacuated? That will not be necessary, Admiral. I understand. You will always be welcome aboard this ship, Admiral. [Engineering] (Wesley is not in uniform) Anthwara, there's very little I can do. The decision about this planet was made at the very highest level of Starfleet. I understand and I respect your people's long journey, but I believe that I can help you to find a new home. And if none of these worlds meet with your approval, then we'll find you other choices. This is not true. I have the deepest deal of respect for your beliefs and the meaning that they hold for your people. And in the meantime, I would like to invite you all to join us this evening on the Enterprise. I have been fascinated looking into the history and traditions of your people, and I was very interested to learn that your grandfather, Katowa, was the man who first led the group of Indians from Earth initially more than two hundred years ago. It's never easy to leave one's home, the safe and the familiar. But there are times when the greater good demands that certain sacrifices are made. I'm sure that was something that your grandfather understood. Well, a great deal actually. My father was a strong believer in passing on the traditions and history of the family. I hope that by the end of this matter, you will no longer look at me as an adversary. My family. Well, our roots in Western Europe go back to the time of Charlemagne. But in a sense, that's exactly what happened. Wesley left the Enterprise three years ago he was a boy, and now he's returned a young man. And that can't be easy for a mother or a son. Yes, I heard about the incident with Geordi. I don't think he wants either of us to talk to him right now. Beverly, he's got to want that help. If he doesn't, then any efforts on our part can only push him further away. He's got to work this out for himself. [Village] Anthwara, I deeply regret that we have not been able to reach an agreement. But, and I must be blunt, I cannot take no for an answer. This planet will be handed over to the Cardassian government in accordance with the terms of the border agreement. I am very sorry, but you will have to leave. Then I will be forced to remove you by whatever means are necessary. I may regret doing it, but I am not able I'm not aware of this incident or of the man you named, and this happened seven hundred years ago. I do not see what bearing it can have Mister Worf, what is going on? I'm Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise. May I have a word with you, alone? It was my understanding that there would be no Cardassian presence here for another six weeks. Your arrival here may have upset some very delicate negotiations. I would be very happy to explain that to you, but for now I must ask you and your men to leave immediately. Very well. Complete your mission. But remember, this is Federation territory, Gul Evek, and until that changes, these people are under my jurisdiction and I will protect them. It's a fact. Bear that in mind while you conduct your survey. [Habak] (entered by a ladder through a hole in the floor) Admiral, the Indian Councils is adamant. No, sir. Admiral, I have every reason to believe that they will resist any attempt to remove them. I strongly urge you to request an emergency session of the Federation Council. The issue of Dorvan Five must be reopened. Anthwara believes that I am responsible for the crimes of one of my ancestors against his people. No, of course not. I respect his belief, but I do not see how it can have any bearing on this mission. But even so, I can't help wondering if a dark chapter in my family's history is about to be repeated. If those people take up arms against us, then I cannot foresee the consequences. Mister Worf, will you come in here for a moment? Mister Worf, will you begin preparations to remove the inhabitants from Dorvan Five. Inexcusable. You defied the orders of the ranking officer on the scene. You put the lives of the entire away team in jeopardy, and you made an already tense situation worse. Your actions reflect very badly on this ship and on that uniform. Now, I want an explanation, Mister Crusher, and I want it now. That does not alter the fact that my orders are to That decision is not yours to make, Cadet. I don't know what has got into you lately, and frankly right now I don't care. But I will tell you this. While you wear that uniform, you will obey every order you're given and you will conform to Starfleet regulations and rules of conduct. Is that clear? Go ahead, Number One. Let him come aboard. I'll see him in here. Stand by, Mister Worf. Have your ship lock on to your people and beam them out of there before something happens. Gul Evek, those people are Federation citizens and I am sworn to protect them. If your troops attack that village, my security forces will respond. Oh, yes, I do. That is why we must to stop this now, before it's too late. [Village] Evek, the last war caused massive destruction and cost millions of lives. Don't send our two peoples back down that same path again. Not like this. Now the future lies in your hands right now. Give us one last chance for peace. Beam up the away team immediately. Anthwara, I want to make absolutely sure that you understand the implications of this agreement. By giving up your status as Federation citizens, any future request you or your people make to Starfleet will go unanswered. You will be on your own and under Cardassian jurisdiction. It will not be easy, but with Admiral Necheyev's support, I think they will go along with it in the end. Where will you go? Well good luck, Mister. Good luck, Wesley. Energise. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
It would seen to be an ancient interplanetary code. Mister Data? Well, hardly possible, Number One. Lay in a course to the source of the signal. (short trip through the rubble) Put it on the viewer. With its Lang-cycle fusion engines still intact. I should hope not, Mister Data. That ship belongs in a museum. I'm afraid we're a little late. That call for help was probably initiated over a thousand years ago. Captain's log, Stardate 43205.6. We have arrived at Orelious Nine, to chart the battle in which the Menthars and Promellians fought to their mutual extinction. Among the ruins we have found a relic, a Promellian battle cruiser that has withstood the centuries. [Corridor] Indulge me, Number One. No. Captain's prerogative. This one's mine. We have examined every conceivable risk. Ghosts, perhaps? Number One, have you never dreamed of climbing inside the bottle? The ship in the bottle. Model air ships. I used to build them when I was a child. My God, I bet I had a Promellian battle cruiser too. [Transporter room] Ready to beam down to the vessel? It is exactly as they left it, Number One. In the bottle. The ship in the bottle. Good Lord, didn't anybody here build ships in bottles when they were boys? Thank you, Mister O'Brien. Proceed. (Picard, Worf and Data are beamed away) Extraordinary. Hmm. You'd expect the bridge layout of this era to be clumsy, awkward, but look at this. It's a model of simplicity. Elegant, functional. They built this craft for generations. And it worked. [Ten forward] Mister Worf, be sure we get tricorder images of their tactical display. Let's put an end to their last cry for help. Crude by our standards today, Data. But when this ship was built, humans on Earth were just perfecting the mechanical clock, still using steel crossbows in battle. Is there any way to see what's on this? Picard to Enterprise. I think we have seen all there is to see here. At Mister O'Brien's leisure, we're ready to return. Thrilling. That was absolutely thrilling. And I was right, Number One. There were ghosts aboard that old ship. One of them actually spoke to us. My own counterpart. The captain's final message, praising his crew. Mister Data, advise the Astral Five annex. This should be catalogued and scheduled for retrieval. Mister Crusher, set course for the original coordinates. Yellow Alert. Mister Crusher. Reverse course. Full impulse power. Increase speed to warp one. Red alert. Is it possible we've fallen into the same snare that killed them? A thousand year old booby trap? [Observation lounge] Mister Worf, have you been able to identify the source of the radiation? And no apparent explanation for the energy loss? Agreed. Mister Worf, what would be the impact of lowering the shields long enough to get the away team out? That's your job, Commander La Forge. Determine some way to keep the Enterprise up and running. Data, you join Commander Riker on the away team. Find out what happened on that ship. [Engineering] Proceed. After the shields fall, how long before fatal exposure? The Captain's log, perhaps? Mister Data, are they in working condition? Good. Return at once. Go ahead. Well done, Mister La Forge. Pass my congratulations to the rest of your team. [Utopia Planitia Drafting room] Surely he must have logged the cause of the ship's death. What captain wouldn't? Aceton assimilators? And now we're supplying the devices with the energy to kill us. [Utopia Planitia Drafting room] How many devices do we think we're dealing with, Mister Data? Is there any indication of a weakness in a specific part of the field? Of any kind. I want that point one percent. How critical will the losses be? You know, I imagine a very similar discussion taking place on our neighbour ship over a thousand years ago. Let's hope our decisions are more successful than theirs were. Mister La Forge, I want you to return to Engineering and continue with your efforts without delay. Mister Worf, prepare the phasers. Fire. Damn you. [Utopia Planitia Drafting room] How long do we have shields based on current calculations? So what impact will that have on fatal exposure? Mister La Forge, have we shut down all non-essential energy usage? [Engineering] For what purpose? Computer, reinstate holodeck three programme. Mister La Forge, your best suggestion in an hour. [Engineering] Picard out. [Corridor] And? What kind of chance? And this is the only way? Come. He's come up with something that may give us a chance, if we agree to stay out of it. He proposes to turn total control of the ship over to the computer because it is capable of making quicker adjustments than any human being. You know, Number One, you missed something not playing with model ships. They were the source of imaginary voyages, each holding a treasure of adventures. Manning the earliest space craft, flying a aeroplane with only one propeller to keep you in the sky. Can you imagine that? Now the machines are flying us. [Utopia Planitia Drafting room] Picard to La Forge. Two minutes, Mister La Forge. Picard out. [Utopia Planitia Drafting room] But didn't your researches indicate a thousand adjustments per second would be required? Have you analysed the risk factor? And the wish to stay alive. Make it so. Thank you, Mister La Forge, but you've done your job. Now I must do mine. I relieve you, Mister Crusher. Thank you, Number One. Firing impulse engines. (They glide past the warship. Picard wordlessly taps at controls, Data does the commentary) Thank you, Mister Data. You have the conn, Mister Crusher. Initiate full restart. Put all systems back online. Number One, make sure that booby trap doesn't bother anyone again.
Indeed. Yes, Ensign. It's all over me. Ensign er, Ensign? Is that so? Well, Ensign Sonya Gomez, I think it will be simpler if I simply change my uniform. Yes, Chief Engineer. I think I understand. Yes, Ensign, I'm sure that you will. Carry on. (Picard leaves) Deck nine. Officers' quarters. [Shuttlecraft] (But instead of a deck, he steps out into a shuttlecraft in space) Crewman? What is going on? Q. We agreed you would never trouble my ship again! Enterprise, this is Picard. Stop this foolishness, Q. Return me to the Enterprise. Keeping me a prisoner here will not compel me to discuss anything with you. The Enterprise will continue with Riker as Captain. Return me to my ship! You know him? You're speaking of yourself, Q, not Guinan. Guinan is not the issue here. You are. We had an agreement that you would stop meddling with us. What do you want, Q? You state your business. Get on with it. Worf. Ready and willing. Able to serve. What would you do? Would you start as an ordinary crewman? What task is too menial for an entity? Not at all. That's the last thing I would do. You, by definition, are part of our charter. Our mission is to go forth to seek out new and different life forms, and you certainly qualify as one of the most unique I've ever encountered. To learn about you is, frankly, provocative. But you're next of kin to chaos. Worf. (Worf goes to stand guard outside) No. Simply speaking, we don't trust you. How can we be prepared for that which we do not know? But I do know that we are ready to encounter it. yes. Absolutely. That's why we're out here. By whose calculations? Not smugness, not arrogance. But we are resolute, we are determined, and your help is not required. Bridge, this is the Captain. All stop. Status? [Bridge] Guinan, your people have been in this part of the galaxy. On screen. Magnify. (A cube is sailing through space) Go to Yellow Alert. Mister Data, what can you tell us? Hailing frequencies. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise. This is Captain Picard representing the United Federation of Planets. Guinan. [Ten Forward] Activate your viewscreen. I would like you to monitor what's going on up here. I may need your input. [Guinan's office] (Just down the corridor from Ten Forward) You're familiar with this life form? Lieutenant? Status. What is it you want? We mean you no harm. Do you understand me? Stop! I cannot allow you to interfere with the operation of this ship. Mister Worf. Mister Worf, use whatever means to neutralise the intruder. (A phaser on full kill knocks it down, and another Borg beams it to carry on where it left off. This time, Worf's phaser is blocked by a force field. The second Borg then goes to the dead one, removes a few attachments and beams out. The dead Borg dissolves to a dirty mark on the carpet) [Observation lounge] Because her people had contact with the Borg, I have requested Guinan to participate in this conference. You are aware of what occurred just now in main Engineering. What happened between your people and the Borg? How do we reason with them? Let them know that we are not a threat? On screen. (An interior view of the cube, all girders and scaffolding) This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Counsellor? That would have definite advantages. We're on our way. [Bridge] (The tractor beam is green) Report, Lieutenant. Warp eight, any heading. Engage. Locate the exact source of the tractor beam. Lock on phasers. Fire. With whatever force necessary, terminate that beam. Fire when ready. (They blast a big hole through an edge of the cube) Again, Mister Worf. (Two more holes are blown in the scaffolding) Casualties? What is the condition of the alien ship? Conference. [Engineering] Guinan, how much more can you tell us about these creatures? Anything would help. Number One. Eighteen of our people have died. Please, tell us this is one of your illusions. Very good. Cancel. We'll deal with that later. Visit their ship? Assemble a minimal away team. Go ahead, Number One. Explain. Transporter Chief. [Transporter room] If your lock on the away team wavers in the slightest, beam them back immediately. Describe it. Transporter Chief, beam the away team directly to the Bridge. (O'Brien does so) Let's get the hell out of here. Warp eight. Now, Mister Crusher. Engage. On screen. Magnify. Let's see if we can outrun them. Lieutenant La Forge, I want maximum warp [Engineering] For as long as we can hold it. Fire. (Two nice big fireballs on the cube) Go ahead. I understand, Mister La Forge. Fire the photons. Q. End this. If we all die, here, now, you will not be able to gloat. You wanted to frighten us. We're frightened. You wanted to show us that we were inadequate. For the moment, I grant that. You wanted me to say I need you. I need you! (With a snap of Q's fingers, the Enterprise goes whirling through space again) I understand what you've done here, Q, but I think the lesson could have been learned without the loss of eighteen members of my crew. Mister Crusher, set course for the nearest starbase. Engage. [Ten forward] (Guinan and Picard are playing a version of 3D chess) They will be coming. Maybe Q did the right thing for the wrong reason. Well, perhaps what we most needed was a kick in our complacency, to prepare us ready for what lies ahead. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Jean-Luc Picard. I hope you understand our need to verify your claim. Could there be some sort of cloning involved here? But it's not conclusive. But can't brain patterns be cloned? How can two grown men share the same childhood experiences? It just doesn't make any sense. Lieutenant, our Chief Engineer is checking the transport logs of the Potemkin. Perhaps that will shed some light on the matter. Don't worry, we will get to the bottom of this. And in the meantime, you will be taken to your quarters. Try and make yourself as comfortable as possible. And another William Riker materialised there. But of course, as you and Lieutenant Riker have lived very different lives for the past eight years, you are now very different people. I suppose it's a little like meeting someone's twin. But no matter how strange it may seem to us, we now have two Will Rikers on board. And as Lieutenant Riker will be with us for several days, I think we should do everything we can to make him comfortable and welcome. Can it be repaired, at least enough to access the database? Perhaps he can help us. He was alone down there for a long time. I'm hesitant to let him go back until he's been evaluated. Thank you, Counsellor. [Lt Riker's quarters] (The Lieutenant is in a fresh gold uniform, and finishing a meal when the doorbell rings) Come. Yes, Number One. Come in. Lieutenant Riker has been to see me to talk about the away mission. He believes that the only way to retrieve the database is by directly accessing the main core underneath the station. He said that he was down there recently. He seemed confident that it could be done safely. But if it doesn't work, we won't have another chance for eight years. Given the importance of the data, I think that it's worth the risk. I'm sure that Lieutenant Riker will be happy to help you with that.
On screen. Magnify. (it looks like a fancy hot water tank) Is it emitting any signals, Lieutenant? Mister La Forge, why not go out and take a closer look. Very well. Isolate the probe and place it in tow. We'll take it to Science Station four oh two in the Kohlan system. Then how is it able to move? Ensign Anaya, full about. Half impulse. Options, Number One? Proceed. Mister Worf. Go to warp two. I'm willing to entertain suggestions. Mister La Forge? [Engineering] Mister Worf. Photon torpedoes. Maximum yield, full spread. Thank you, Mister Barclay. [Engineering] I'm glad you could join us, Mister Barclay. Your report, Mister La Forge. All right, Mister La Forge. Simultaneously? All eighteen? The question is, how are we going to deal with it. Has Mister Barclay done anything that could be considered potentially threatening? Until he does something more menacing, I see no reason why we should prevent him from continuing his work. Ensign, standby for a jump to warp two. Warp two, Ensign. Go to manual. What happened? Computer, how were the Argus reactors shut down? Computer, respond. Mister Barclay, remove yourself from the computer system. Leave the holodeck. Why not? Report, Mister La Forge. This is an intolerable situation. I have no wish to harm him, but I cannot allow Mister Barclay to continue to act as the computer. I don't care how smart he is. That still won't give us control of the ship. Make it so. [Jefferies tube] Mister Data? Mister Barclay, are you responsible for this graviton field disturbance? Mister Barclay, I want you to stop this experiment for now. Mister Barclay, this is a direct order. Discontinue whatever it is you're doing. Picard to La Forge. Status? Proceed. Mister Barclay, respond at once! (nothing, so Picard gestures to Worf) Lieutenant, take a security team to holodeck three. Disconnect Mister Barclay from the computer. Mister Data? The centre of the galaxy. I'm Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Enterprise. Who are you? I am interrogative, yes, and I would appreciate an explanation. What do you want of us? Mister Barclay? Mission?
I must admit you've piqued my curiosity, Admiral. A defection? We should tell Sarek's wife of our plans. And Sarek? The man is dying. And it's my honour to tell him that his son may have betrayed the Federation. I met him once. What I know of him comes from history books, and of course my mind meld with his father. Not as much as you'd imagine. Sarek and Spock. Well, sometimes, fathers and sons. Oh, one other thing. Take a look at this. Turned up during an intelligence sweep. (Picard hands over a PADD) What do you make of it? They were found in crates marked Medical Supplies. It's been sent to Vulcan for identification. Starfleet have requested that we lend a hand. [Ready room] Perrin, do you know why I've come to Vulcan? I must talk to you about Spock. Is it possible he could have been abducted? Do you have any idea why he might have disappeared like this? Would it be inappropriate to ask what happened between you and Spock? I was not aware that Sarek was offended by Spock's opposition. Does Sarek have any idea why Spock might have left? Perrin, would you allow me to see Sarek? Sarek! I've come a long way to see you. I must speak to you about your son. About Spock. Yes. He's missing. Hello, old friend. I need your help. I must find Spock. I know. He's been reported on Romulus. Yes. I had hoped to find that out from you. Yes. Do you have any idea what might have taken him to Romulus? Is there anyone on Romulus he might know, or choose to contact? Who is Pardek? Who is Pardek? Pardek represented Romulus? It's been suggested that Spock might have defected. But you believe he might have gone there to see Pardek? I've heard of him. Do you know what business they might have together? Sarek, we're a part of each other. I know that he has caused you pain but I also know that you love him. Peace and long life. And prosper. Captain's log, stardate 45240.1. To cross the Neutral Zone, I will require a cloaked ship. To that end, I have set a course for the Klingon home world. After all we did for Gowron during the recent war, I am certain he will be happy to return a favour. [Bridge] Still no response from the Klingons, Mister Worf? He's ignoring me. What other explanation is there? Yes, Lieutenant? I see. He can take all the credit he wants, I don't caret. But I do need a ship. Well if Gowron won't talk to me, get someone who will. Somebody on the High Council. K'Tal, perhaps. That's all? Run it again. Computer, freeze. Call up the intelligence scan of Spock on Romulus. Computer, enhance far left figure and compare. Same man. Pardek. One question answered. What do we know of him? I can see why Spock would cultivate a relationship with him. Where would we find him other than on the floor of the Romulan Senate? Thank you, Mister Data. Mister Data, your resourcefulness never ceases to amaze me. Gowron or K'Tal? Name. On screen. Is Gowron aware that we have been transmitting messages for the past three days? A message? Very well. Tell Gowron, leader of the High Council of the Klingon Empire, that his Arbiter of Succession, Jean-Luc Picard, needs a favour. I require a cloaked vessel. It is for a mission that could have repercussions throughout the quadrant. The only benefit to the Klingon Empire would be our gratitude. Yes. And please add that if he is unable to provide a ship, then I am sure there are others in the Klingon Empire who would be willing to help me. And then, they would have our gratitude. Also, please tell him that I am immensely gratified that he is prospering so well. A tribute to his skilled leadership. [Sickbay] What about his skin colour? Nobody's perfect, Doctor, but Anything from Gowron? Thirty minutes, Number One. [Cargo bay] You're certain this is Vulcan? Yes, Lieutenant? Mister Worf, will you convey my gratitude to the Captain and advise him that Mister Data and I will be transporting over shortly. Agreed. Thank you, Mister La Forge. [Klingon Bridge] I'm sorry. It's a classified matter. Defector? Captain, your orders are to take us to a set of co-ordinates near Romulus and to bring us back, and that is all I am prepared to discuss. I realise that. Quite nice. Thank you. Of course. This will be fine. Good. I prefer it that way. I've been looking forward gagh. Haven't had it for quite a while. Very fresh. Yes. I do. First Officer's log, stardate 45240.6. The Enterprise is nearing Qualor Two, home of a Federation surplus depot operated by the Zakdorn. We hope to find out how the salvaged deflector array ended up in the hands of the Ferengi. [Bridge] I'm sure the Klingons found it amusing to put us in here together. Very well, Mister Data. Thank you. (Picard lies down on the metal shelf with a bulkhead only just above his head) I suppose so. Thank you. What are you doing? No, not exactly I see. No. Please go on. What are you looking at? But you're looking at me. I don't think so, Mister Data. Let's go on with the files. Sarek is dead. [Bridge] Well, Mister Data? What do you think? (They are both now Romulan) Sarek and I share a particular bond. Our lives touched in an unusual way. I admit I feel the effects of his death. The tenor of this mission has changed, Mister Data, at least it has for me. We were sent to confront Spock about his disappearance. Now, I also have to tell him that his father is dead. It's never quite that simple, not even for a Vulcan. Certainly not for Spock who is half-human. Years spent in conflict. And now the chance to resolve all of those differences is gone. Father and son. Both proud, both stubborn, more alike than either of them were prepared to admit. A lifetime spent building emotional barriers. They're very difficult to break down. And now the time has come, it's too late. It's a difficult moment. It's a lonely one. It's a moment Spock is about to face. [Klingon Bridge] I have a good idea. We're ready to transport down to the surface. Where were they standing? Data, you're moving about in a very, well, android way. Don't call me Captain. Where? He's not open for business yet. Very well. Let's sample the local cuisine, shall we? [Cafe] (an old woman brings two bowls to their table, no chairs) Do you happen to know what time the intercessor's office across the way opens? I need his services. He was recommended. We come from several kilometres outside the city. You're mistaken, madam. I don't think we can stay here too long. I believe it is. What? You've made a mistake. For what? What have you brought us here for? I have come on an urgent mission from the Federation. I'm looking for Ambassador Spock.
Lieutenant Ro. Please report to the Bridge. You seemed a bit overwhelmed by all the attention. You look very fit, Lieutenant. Tactical Training seems to agree with you. That school is more than a challenge. Half the class washes out every year. But somehow I didn't think you'd be one of those. Go ahead. [Bridge] Change course to intercept. I'm on my way. I'd like you at the conn, Lieutenant. [Bridge] Ensign Gates. (Gates gives up her seat for Ro) Report. Can you identify them? On screen. Isolate one and magnify. The Maquis. Open a channel. To all Maquis ships. Call off your attack or we will be forced to engage you. You are Federation citizens. Your actions are in violation of our treaty with the Cardassians. Call off your attack. Mister Worf, are we in firing range? Arm phasers and photon torpedoes and stand by. Mister Worf, can you detonate a torpedo spread between the Maquis ships and the Cardassians? Do it. (four bolts of light whoosh off) Signal the Cardassians that we're standing by to assist them if they have any wounded. Gul Evek. I'm sorry that we could not come to your aid sooner. I can assure you that is not the case. We're doing everything in our power to control them. I can assure you it was not through official channels. Starfleet does not condone the Maquis' actions in the Demilitarised Zone any more than your government would condone the paramilitary actions of Cardassian civilians. Considering that they destroyed a Juhryan freighter less than a week ago, I would say that your efforts are meeting with limited success. I thought twice was pushing it a little. You missed Gul Evek by a matter of hours. I asked him to stay. I thought that an Admiral's assurances might convince him that we are trying to deal with this Maquis situation. Gul Evek assured me that they had stopped that practice. Admiral, this Maquis situation has you worried. Perhaps you need an undercover operative. Because of your recent training, because you're Bajoran, and because of your past troubles with Starfleet gives you a certain credibility. Immediately. This is a rare case when our interests and theirs coincide. We both want peace in the Demilitarised Zone. We're all sympathetic, Lieutenant. Our civilian population in the Demilitarised Zone is in a very difficult situation, but even sympathy has to end at some point. The peace treaty isn't just a piece of paper. If the Maquis force us into a war with Cardassia, it could mean hundreds of thousands of lives. Two years ago, Starfleet would never have tapped you for this mission. They must have a lot of confidence in you now. Are there any other ships in the vicinity? Helm, set course for the Topin system. Mister Data, will you signal the science ship that we're on our way. Can we use our sensors to find them? Data, can you locate the signal? Can you decode it? Do it. [Ro's ship] Ro is on that ship? Let it through. [Ro's ship] Let it go. There must be someone with her. We should make it look as though we're trying to stop them. Mister Worf, lock phasers on their previous position and fire. Frankly, I find it hard to believe. Every ship that enters the Demilitarised Zone is being searched. You know, we could make use of that. We have come up with a plan that has the potential to seriously curtail the Maquis. We want to give them a target so threatening to them that they'll be willing to commit as many ships and people as possible in order to destroy it. Biogenic weapons, for example. You could provide them with intelligence that would show that the Cardassians are, in fact, supplying their colonists with them. You could tell them that in order to get past the check points, they're shipping the components for these weapons through third parties, and then we could put together a convoy and send it toward the Demilitarised Zone. We could station our ships in the Hugora Nebula to avoid detection. That's right. If you have a problem with any of this, I need to know it now. I knew that I could count on you. [Meeting Room] I hope not. I'd like that. (they sit and pretend to be getting close) Why? But there are only six ships. We could even cut back that number. Every intelligence report that I get from Starfleet suggests that the Maquis are eager to expand their strikes, they want to escalate their activities. Now you're telling me this isn't true? Laren, what's going on? Yes. What? Are you saying you want to back out of this mission? This has nothing to do with me. This is about you. If you back out now, you'll throw away everything you've worked for. We're committed to this mission. My only question for you is, can you carry out your orders? I could put you before a board of inquiry for having lied to me about this operation. I would certainly have you court-martialled if you sabotage it. Now, it's your decision. I feel it necessary to have Commander Riker go back with you. He can pose as a relative. I just want to make sure that nothing happens to obstruct this mission. (Picard stands to leave) I'm sorry. I don't have that kind of money. Captain's log, supplemental. We have received word from Commander Riker and Lieutenant Ro that the Maquis will be attacking the convoy as planned. Our ships have taken up position in the Hugora Nebula to wait for them. [Bridge] (at the science station) As soon as they cross the border, we'll intercept them. Go to Red alert. What the hell is she doing? Can you counter the effect? Have they crossed the border? When she comes aboard take her into custody. [Ro's ship]
Welcome aboard, Admiral. Allow me to introduce my staff. First Officer William Riker, Chief Medical Officer Beverly Crusher, Chief of Security, Natasha Yar. Well, what can we do for you? Certainly. This way. Number One? Is this a personal matter? Well then my First Officer Oh? What are you looking for? Tell me what you suspect. Yes, sir. We've known one another for years. Tell me what you believe is wrong. As you wish, Admiral. [Classroom] Come. Always, Number One. That's right, you should. That's his job. Which you do very well. I don't know. I couldn't tell you. No less so for me. But I promised cooperation, and that's what we shall give. No need, Number One. Mister Remmick's presence is unnerving, to say the least. No, Mister Remmick. Be my guest. [Ready room] (Remmick sits himself in the Captain's chair and gestures Riker to sit too) That's excellent, Number One. Who is it, Lieutenant? On viewer. lieutenant Yar, open channel. Enterprise to shuttlecraft. Mister Kurland, this is Captain Picard. Mister Kurland. You can tell him yourself, in person. Bring that ship back at once. Probable impact? Options? Mister Remmick, either get out of my way and keep quiet, or I will have you removed from the Bridge. Viewer on shuttle cockpit. Mister Kurland. Stay calm, Jake. We'll get you back. [Shuttlecraft] Jake! Mister Kurland, you are not going to die out there. You are going to do exactly what I tell you. Now, take the nose of the shuttlecraft and aim it directly at Relva Seven. [Shuttlecraft] Do it! Jake, listen very carefully. This is Captain Picard and I am giving you an order. Aim the shuttle at Relva! [Shuttlecraft] Good. [Bridge] Now, monitor your speed exactly. When it hits point zero two zero, I want you to restart the engine [Shuttlecraft] And when I tell you, pull up hard. You'll just have to trust me. Hold on, Jake. It's going to be a little bumpy. [Shuttlecraft] Restart the engine, now! Pull up hard! Mister Kurland, I assume you can manoeuvre it home? Do it. Then report to Mister Riker. Mister Remmick, young men sometimes make rash choices. Which is why Mister Kurland will receive a strong refresher specifically in discipline Full cooperation, Number One. [Relva 7 Corridor] Yes. It's exactly as I explained it in the log records. A member of my crew was being held unjustly. I stand by my decision. Mister Remmick, you have talked to every member of this ship. I think you've had enough time to find out whatever it is you're looking for. The only thing I'm guilty of is allowing this charade to go on so long. [Admiral's Quarters] Admiral, if it is me you're investigating, ask me directly what it is you want to know. And please tell me exactly what is going on. How much time? I won't tolerate my crew being harassed any longer. I want to be here when he presents it. This has been a strain on our friendship. It's not him I'm inclined to judge. What kind of problems? What's your evidence? What do you want from me? You have my complete support. You know that. The Academy. The Academy? Then there was never a problem with the Enterprise. Greg, this is politics, and I'm not good at politics. Surely there are others who are better suited. I appreciate the value of what you're offering. It's not a decision I can make quickly. All right. You'll have it tonight, Admiral. Thank you. [Relva 7 Corridor] (Wesley is sitting nervously on a bench when Chang comes out of a room) Yes, Number One? Yes. He found nothing wrong on the Enterprise. And you can inform the crew that Admiral Quinn is most impressed. They were after me, Number One. They want me to take over as Commandant, Starfleet Academy. Yes, I have, Number One. I've decided I'm going for a walk. [Classroom] Mister Kurland! Are you feeling better? Good idea. I hope you learned that running away solves nothing. At least you kept your wits about you out there. Don't forget that. That's my job, young man. Mister Crusher? Why aren't you in your dress uniform for Admiral Quinn's farewell dinner? Why not? Ridiculous. Did you do your best? When you test next year, and you will test next year, do you think your performance will improve? Good. The only person you're truly competing against, Wesley, is yourself. Wesley, you have to measure your successes and your failures within, not by anything I or anyone else might think. But, if it helps you to know this, I failed the first time. And you may not tell anyone! Yes. But not the second time. Now, you'll do me the courtesy of joining us at dinner. I have to disappoint an old friend. [Transporter room] I'll serve you better here. If you need me. Set course to Algeron Four, Mister Crusher. Then shall we continue with our mission? Excellent. Mister Crusher, engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Picard to Enterprise. Anyone receiving this transmission, please respond. [Outside Picard's quarters] It's all right, it's al right. I'm not going to hurt you. Picard, of the Enterprise. Cadet Haro. Unfortunately, I can't, Mister Well, Mister Tholl, all I know is that I've been brought here against my will. Wherever here is. And you, sir? What can you tell me about our captors? Four sleeping areas. That implies we may be joined by another captive. (He goes to the central thing, which dispenses red roundels) Why not? Punished? How? Attempting to let our captors know that we possess intelligence. Yes, but they may not realise that we're communicating through language. It is imperative that we communicate with our abductors, find out what they want. Obviously. But why? What made our captors choose us? What makes us special? What's your best area of study? Good enough to be useful to our abductors? That I can't answer. The Bolians are maintaining an uneasy truce with the Moropa, are they not? None? In the last three hundred years of Mizarian history, your planet has been conquered six times! Then you have no idea who might have done this. Or against you personally? I'm not suggesting anything. I'm merely trying to come up with some explanation for your abduction. Nevertheless, Mister Tholl (There's a sound and a sparkling, and a figure in leather appears on the fourth bed. He has lots of red hair and sharp teeth, and pulls a dagger) Stop! We mean you no harm. We are prisoners, like yourself. We are not the enemy. We don't know. We were brought here the same way you were. Our captors refuse to show themselves. You must trust us. We wish only to return to our worlds. Were you abducted from Chalna? Oh, yes. I visited there twelve years ago, while commanding the Stargazer. [Data's quarters] (The senior officer's floating poker game is in session) Esoqq, I've been trying to determine if we have a common enemy. Someone with a reason for confining us here. You have many enemies? Both of you. This is getting us nowhere. For quite a while, Mister Tholl. I am perfectly willing to entertain the hypothesis that our captors are Romulans. But what would the Romulans want with you? Food. It would seem so. Esoqq, how long can you go without food? No longer? It's imperative. We can no longer afford to be patient. Unless we act soon, Esoqq will starve. I agree that's a risk, but I see no alternative. As you wish, Mister Tholl. We must get inside this panel. Stand back, Haro. (Esoqq puts his fist through the panel and rips the surround out of the wall) Make it so. Tholl, our captors have transporters, they have stun beams. It is hardly likely that they would try to hold us at bay with a knife. Tholl, I asked her to open the door. Tholl, what I want is for everyone to escape! And Cor Caroli Five. I can't. You're right, Mister Tholl. Any of us may be the enemy. And there is no way to prove that we aren't. But until we set aside our mutual fears and trust one another, we have no hope of escape. And what if there is, Mister Tholl? Shall we continue accusing one another until hostility leads to violence? Shall we allow our suspicions to destroy us? Now, let's see if we can override this stun mechanism. [Bridge] Cadet. (Haro gets the door to open slightly) Mister Tholl! Well, I think this charade has gone far enough. (to Haro) Don't you? Oh yes, you do. This isn't a holding cell. It's a laboratory maze, a carefully structured test. It's an experiment to see how well we react under pressure. It's the only explanation. Look at the four of us. We do have something in common. We all react differently to authority. You, the collaborator, defer to whoever has control. You, the anarchist, reject authority in any form. I, a Starfleet Captain, trained to command. And you, a Starfleet cadet, sworn to obey a superior officer's authority. Our captors have placed us here and have devised obstacles for us to overcome. They give us food which Esoqq can't eat, to make him a threat. They give us a door we can't open until the four of us co-operate. And each time we succeed, they deal us reverses to set us against each other again, while you observe our reactions. I found it unlikely that a first year cadet would know of the Enterprise's visit to Mintaka Three, so I tested you. Starfleet has classified the Cor Caroli Five plague as secret. No cadet would have knowledge of that incident. So you may as well drop this pretence. I'm not playing any further. I'm quitting the game. As far as I am concerned, this experiment is over! An impostor running my ship. Hold your positions. Take no action. (Picard 2 changes into Alien 4) Why did you choose to study the concepts of authority and leadership? You have no right to put us through this just to satisfy your curiosity. Because kidnapping is an immoral assault. The rights of other races must be respected. Now, Mister Worf. (the two aliens are pinned in a forcefield) Because there is something else you can learn. With an alert crew, even our primitive vocal communications are unnecessary. With a single look I was able to inform my crew that I wanted to hold you here. Because I've decided to conduct an experiment of my own. I want to see how you react to being imprisoned. Imprisonment is an injury, regardless of how you justify. (Picard signals Worf to release the forcefield) And now that you have had a taste of captivity, perhaps you will reconsider the morality of inflicting it upon others. In any event, we now know about your race and we know how to imprison you. Bear that in mind. Now get off my ship. (The aliens vanish) Mister Crusher. Set course to rendezvous with the Hood. Warp eight. Status, Number One? Then my doppelganger caused no serious damage? The replica was convincing? Not perfect in what way? A singer? I look forward to reading your report, Commander. At least, I think I do. (Doctor Crusher enters) Doctor Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
That's odd. We weren't notified of a rendezvous. On screen. Robert, why didn't you inform us? So, old friend. How are you? But not today. If time is so important, why didn't they transmit the orders by subspace? What sort of passenger? Mister Data, come with me. You know him? Oh, I see. He was a colleague of yours. Welcome aboard the Enterprise. I'm Data. Number One? Will you meet Commander Data on the Bridge. He has our orders and new heading. And assemble the bridge staff for a mission briefing in fifteen minutes. Picard out. Mister Elbrun. Would you Alive? How? Romulans. They claim that sector of space where Beta Stromgren is located. Then they will certainly be sending a ship of their own to investigate this Tin Man. Then, it's a race? An alien intelligence, a new life form, representing a technology far beyond that of either the Romulans or ourselves. The Romulans will certainly take whatever measures are required to secure this creature for study. Mister Data, you are our resident honour student in exobiology. I'm assigning you to head up the Life Sciences on this mission. Meeting adjourned, then. (As everyone but Picard, Riker, Tam and Data leave) Mister Elbrun, one of the reasons I'm asking you to work closely with a member of my staff is to avoid any further omissions. The possibility of an encounter with Romulans on this mission is hardly trivial. And yet A prodigy? In what sense? You mean you're not born reading minds? How different? You mentioned a hospitalisation. Yes, well, he's evidently done more than hold together. He's the indispensable man. The Federation's finest specialist in communication with unknown life forms. Status report, Number One? Grand. On screen. (There's the big, angry orange-red star) Magnify. (And a thing that is built like a magnified hair, with the overlapping scales) Remarkable. Computer locate Tam Elbrun. Of course. Yellow Alert. On screen. (It's green and mean) Go to Red Alert. Shields to maximum. Evasive, Mister Crusher. Hailing frequencies. Damage report. Incidental? One way trip. You read all this, telepathically? Very well. Mister Crusher, all stop. Commander La Forge. Geordi [Engineering] How long to full shield restoration? Go ahead. You have ten. Picard out. [Bridge] If the Romulans wish the honour of the first contact, let them have it. I think the chances of that is remote. And if you will be still, Mister Elbrun, you may learn. That being first, at any cost, is not always the point. Mister Data, while we await repairs, I want Life Sciences and Engineering to continue collecting information on the alien. And query the Vega Nine probe, long range sensors. Yellow alert. Prepare for evasive action at the first change in the Romulan's course. What do you mean? Do they intend to destroy it? Increase speed to intercept the Romulan vessel. Hail them. We cannot allow them Damage report! It seems you woke your Tin Man. [Engineering] Good. Because I want to know exactly what you did. I want to know how closely you are in communication with the alien, and what you've learned about it, and I want to know now. Where did it come from? How many Once? Perhaps we can help it in some way. Can you ask it to return with us to Federation space? At least persuade it to leave the vicinity of Beta Stromgren, before the star explodes? No. That is absolutely out of the question. No, Tam, I don't believe that I do. Tam, when you reached out to the alien, to warn it, did you give any thought to this vessel? To the danger, however inadvertent, that creature might pose to our crew? Or did you simply react out of instinct? Data, you seem to have developed an affinity with Elbrun. Troi, you've known him for years. How far can he be trusted? Yes, of course. But his judgment Afraid of what? Thank you both. (Troi leaves) Data? Tam Elbrun warned Tin Man. The first thing it did was to destroy a space vessel. Counselor Troi understands him better. Status, Number One? Well, let's hope they're in a mood to talk. Hailing frequency. Romulan vessel this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise. We are not familiar with the terms of your claim on this sector. We're here engaged in scientific research. Do you wish to participate? Picard to Tam Elbrun. Report to transporter room six immediately. Commander Data will meet you there. Counsellor, we no longer have a choice. [Gomtuu corridor] (not so much a corridor as an artery with no blood) Go ahead, Chief. Follow them in, Mister Crusher. Red Alert. Mister Worf, arm photon torpedoes. Commander, we are prepared to defend the life of the alien. Screen off. Shields up. It's beginning. [Pilot chamber] (Tam is in the chair, and a viewscreen opens in front of him. He looks blissful) The Romulans know that as well as we do. Conn report. Data. Data, what happened over there?
Picard to Riker. We've received a distress call. We're changing course to intercept. Captain's log, stardate 44215.2. The Enterprise has bypassed its scheduled archaeological survey of Camus Two in response to a distress call from the Federation freighter Arcos, which has assumed an emergency orbit around Turkana Four, birthplace of our late comrade, Tasha Yar. [Bridge] Engine status. Let's hear it. Ensign, warp nine point three. How much time? Nine point six. [Transporter room] : Mister O'Brien, prepare to lock onto the two crewmen. Slow to impulse. It could have been damaged by the explosion. They may have been able to maintain orbit. Hail the colony. Number One, ready an away team. Captain's log, supplemental. We are in orbit above Turkana Four, an Earth colony that severed relations with the Federation nearly fifteen years ago. I am concerned about sending an away team, but if we are to discover the fate of the two missing Federation crewmen, I see no alternative. [Transporter room] Why? Coalition. Alliance. It all sounds so reasonable, but what you've described is the behaviour of urban street thugs. We certainly won't trade weapons for crewmen. How do you suggest we deal with them? For now, Hayne's Coalition is our only safe access to the colony. We'll keep the door open, see where it leads us. On screen. I'm Captain Jean-Luc Picard. With nothing from us in return? What do you propose? One moment. Reactions? Counsellor? Neverthe less, this is an option we cannot neglect. We'll continue on other fronts as they present themselves. For now, let's see what she has to say. I have decided to accept your proposal. We have considered the possibility. Please, sit down. (Riker offers her his seat) Perhaps it would help if you gave us some idea of what we're dealing with on Turkana Four. The last information describes a colony in almost complete disarray. Apparently, that part of the plan didn't work very well. On screen. Unfortunately, we don't know where the escape pod is. Mister O'Brien, energise. Come. (Riker enters) How is she? Doctor Crusher just called me with the results of the DNA comparison. Ishara is Tasha's sister. You took some unnecessary personal risks, Number One. That's an emotional response, Will. We can't afford it. Commander. Well done. [Sickbay] Ishara, I wanted to thank you personally for what you did for us down on the colony. It was more than I expected. Let me tell you about your sister. The first time I saw Tasha Yar, she was making her way through a Carnelian mine field to reach a wounded colonist. Her ship had responded to their distress call, as had mine. When it was all over, I requested that she be assigned to the Enterprise. Her ship's captain owed me a favour. In the months that followed, she never once failed to put the safety of the crew before her own, and she died doing the same. I'm sorry you never knew the woman Tasha became. I think you would have been proud of her. And she of you. [Bridge] (Ishara is in a tight catsuit now, with Data at a rear science station and looking at her schematic) Good. Inform Doctor Crusher. Does she understand the magnitude of these decisions? Are you suggesting we deny her an escape from this environment? Ultimately, it is her decision to make, not ours. Mister Data, proceed with the mission as planned. Picard to Riker. Is your away team ready? Status, Mister La Forge. How far must we penetrate to safely allow transporter function? Fire phasers. Cease fire. Mister O'Brien, energise. [Tunnel] (The team beam in and move off slowly, weapons drawn) Your strategy failed. Commander Data, escort Ishara to the transporter room. Close the channel. I understand your feelings, Number One. I share them. But perhaps the fault lies in ourselves. We were so eager to accept her. Each of us, myself included, wanted to see something of Tasha in this woman. We saw more than what was there. [Corridor]
Come. Ambassador T'Pel. Your service honours us. This is my first officer, Commander William Riker. Commander Data, please report to the Bridge. Data, I want a tactical projection of possible future Romulan deployments along the Neutral Zone. Access all Federation records on the subject and report to my Ready Room. No. Ambassador. Number One, set a course one three zero mark two four six, warp seven. I'm aware of that, Number One. Proceed. (Picard and T'Pel go back into the Ready room) Mister Data, based on your analysis, what is the current Romulan strategy behind the deployment of their ships in this sector? Do you predict any change in the near future? Is there any indication of a more conciliatory attitude on their part? Starfleet Command agrees with you, but I would feel better if you would consent to an escort or (one look cuts him off) Thank you, Mister Data. [Data's quarters] Hold this position. Long range scan. Yellow alert. Hail the Warbird, Mister Worf. Set course zero three seven mark zero zero five, warp four. Take us into the Neutral Zone, Ensign. (a little later) Red alert. I trust my crew, Ambassador. They will take no provocative action unless I order them. As have yours. Ambassador, I urge you once more to reconsider. The Enterprise can accommodate a Romulan delegation without sacrificing our security or Picard to Chief O'Brien. Prepare to transport Ambassador T'Pel to the Romulan ship. Mister Worf, maintain a lock on her signal once she's aboard. At the first sign of trouble I want to be able to bring her back. Any prior malfunctions on this transporter unit? I want this unit pulled and its systems checked again. I want a level one diagnostic on all transporters. To die on a transporter. Hardly a fitting end for one of the Federation's most honoured diplomats. There's been an accident. Ambassador T'Pel has been killed in a transporter malfunction. We are still investigating that. As soon as Admiral, I assure you. The Federation places the highest priority on this mission and its goal. You're mistaken. I am ready and willing to discuss the establishment of full diplomatic relations under the same terms as Ambassador T'Pel. Set course for Federation territory, warp two. Engage. Mister Data, I want you to take charge of this investigation. Study computer logs, sensor information everything. I refuse to believe that this was a simple malfunction. Are you saying they beamed the Ambassador off our own pad? Mister Worf, where is the Devoras now? Red Alert. All hands stand to battle stations. [Bridge] Lay in an intercept course for the Romulan ship. Warp factor eight. Engage. (later) Open a channel to the Devoras. Go to impulse power. On screen. Admiral Mendak, you have taken our Ambassador captive. We know about the transporter malfunction and that you are holding Ambassador T'Pel. It is my responsibility to protect the lives of Federation citizens. I will not permit this abduction to succeed. Admiral Mendak, I will take whatever action is necessary to obtain the return of the Ambassador. A spy. Reverse course. Take us back to Federation territory, warp six. Engage. [Arboretum] Since the days of the first wooden sailing ships, all captains have enjoyed the happy privilege of joining together two people in the bonds of matrimony. And so it is my honour to unite you, Keiko Ishikawa, and you, Miles Edward O'Brien, together in matrimony Congratulations. (and later, Data dances very nicely with Keiko) [Nursery ward] Shh. A boy. At the same time we were facing destruction, this small miracle was taking place. Welcome aboard. [Bridge] (the night shift enters)
Commander Riker, report to the Bridge. Number One. No, more a curiosity. For the past few hours we've been tracking faint energy readings in an attempt to locate the source. It's like following a trail of bread crumbs. The pathfinder lead here and stopped, which is what I knew would interest you. From where? All stop, and hold this position. Anything? On screen. (The stars wobble) Shields and deflectors up. A cloaking device? We'll let them know our peaceful intention. Open hailing frequencies, Lieutenant Yar. I am Jean-Luc Picard, Captain of the USS Enterprise. We come in peace. We've heard the stories about Aldea, but frankly I never believed they could be true. That's a very long time to have such technology. Why do you reveal yourselves to us now? We're ready anytime. It was a little sudden. Welcome aboard. Our medical doctor is concerned that you didn't go through the regular transporting procedure. That would be delightful. Number One, assemble the away team. Amazing. To exist only in that dreamworld of mythology and then suddenly to be here, right in front of us. Counsellor, do you sense anything? Interesting choices. [First Unit] Data, what do you read? Don't touch him! Shields up. La Forge, contact Commander Riker. Worf, check all decks. All decks? Everything? The entire ship? Wesley, are you all right? And that's what they have. Status. Keep trying. Counsellor, you'll have to gather the parents. Harm has already come to them. Compensation? You have stolen our children away from their classrooms, away from their bedrooms and you talk about compensation? You claim to be a civilised world and yet you have just committed an act of utter barbarity! The Aldeans are anxious to discuss compensation. That will buy us time. I've asked Doctor Crusher to be involved in the negotiations as your representative. I won't insult you by pretending that any of this will be easy. But I can tell you that the Enterprise will not leave them behind. You can be assured of that. I'll do my best to arrange that. Any response from Aldea, Lieutenant? You're saying there are holes in their defence system? Can we beam down an away team through one of those holes? Can you do that? Keep trying. While he's doing that, Number One, I want you and La Forge to try and find some way of getting through one of those holes, because one way or the other we have got to get an away team on the planet, locate the power source for the shield and neutralise it. Oh, they'll negotiate, or they'll call it that. They've taken what they want. Now they'll rationalise it by throwing us some sort of bone. The minute they believe that we won't accept their compensation for the children, they'll break off the discussion, they'll disappear behind their shield, locking us out and the children in forever. That's why I've got to keep them talking. [Custodian room] (There are hexagonal screens on the walls, a single console, and some chairs around the edge of the room) Doctor Crusher and I are ready, Radue. No. Doctor Crusher is a Staff Officer, Radue. Starfleet Regulation six point five seven requires that at least two Staff Officers are present during any treaty or contract negotiations. No, Data. Neither am I. Doctor Crusher, please report to the Bridge. Now, we'll see what they have in mind. [First Unit] Before we begin, we want to see the children. We do not condone your actions. You're attempting to salve your conscience by offering goods in exchange for our children. You are trifling with the primal instincts of our species. I must warn you that human parents are quite willing to die for their children. We sympathise with your situation. Surely there is a solution which can be mutually satisfactory? A significant beginning. But first, I must ask that Doctor Crusher be allowed to see her son before we continue. What was that? Position report. Geordi, get us back to Aldea. Warp nine. Captain's log, supplemental. It has been three days since the Aldeans pushed us away. We have had no contact with Radue since then. [Bridge] Open hailing frequencies, Lieutenant Yar. Radue, this is Picard. That there is room for discussion, Radue. Data, find a way to defeat that shield. Things are only impossible until they're not. And is that why they can't conceive? An entire civilisation that's terminally ill. Is it reversible? Good work, Doctor. [Artist's Unit] Is there anything I can do? Is that what made the Aldeans sterile? Is it reversible? How long? Why don't we just beam the children up through the hole? All right. You and Data beam down. Locate the power source of that shield. Knock it out. I'll delay the Aldeans until you're ready. [Wesley's room] Doctor Crusher and I are prepared to conclude our negotiations. (They are beamed away) Strike? I'll see what I can do. [Wesley's room] It's not over yet, Wesley. Good, Wesley. Now Yes, Harry. You will tell him that, Harry, and I will tell him how much I admire his son. Hello, Alexandra. They want to go home. Number One. Hold for orders. The shield that protected your world in one way is weakening it in another. It is the radiation of your own sun that is destroying you. That's it, exactly. Your Custodian has controlled you so completely you've lost even the desire to even question it. Commander Riker. I assume you have control of the computer. Good. Enterprise, this is Picard. Beam the children up. Enterprise, hold. All right, Harry? Beam them up. (The children are beamed up) We are not here to destroy you, Radue. We can help you. [Power room] (It's massive. On Forbidden Planet scale) A legacy of your Progenitors, Radue. The source of your power and of your problems. Will you let us help you? Are you finished? The legend will die, but the people will live. Wesley! Mister La Forge, out of orbit. Warp five.
Data, I would like to have been consulted. Commander Data, at your convenience, I would like to talk to you in my Ready room. Counsellor? [Corridor] I insist we do whatever we can to discourage the perception of this new android as a child. It is not a child. It is an invention, albeit an extraordinary one. Well, if he must, but I fail to understand how a five foot android with heuristic learning systems and the strength of a ten men can be called a child. What you have done will have serious ramifications. I am truly dismayed that you told no one of what you were doing. It's a life, Data. It can't be activated and deactivated simply. This is a most stupendous undertaking. Have you any idea what will happen when Starfleet learns about this? Well, you have taken on quite a responsibility, Data. Data Data! I'm not talking about parenting. I am talking about the extraordinary consequences of creating new life. Data, you are seeking to achieve what only your own creator has been able to achieve. To make another functioning, sentient, android. To make another Data. I assure you, Admiral, there's no better guide into this life for Lal than Data. He's doing an excellent job. This starship's mission is to seek out new life and that is exactly what Commander Data is doing, under my guidance. As do I. I would be willing to consider releasing Lal and Data to you so that he may continue his work with her. Admiral, to you, Lal is a new android. But to Data, she's his child. Yes, Admiral. It may not be easy for you and I to see her that way, but he does. And I respect that. They will remain here for now. On my monitor, Lieutenant. Admiral. Not at all. Understood. Picard to Commander Data. Please report to my Ready room. His visit is not just an inspection of Lal's progress. He has expressed a concern for her environment. He believes the Daystrom annex on Galor Four would be more suitable. Not you, Data. Just her. Acknowledged, Lieutenant. Will you advise Commander Riker I will meet with him in one hour. Picard out. The Admiral is taking the position that Lal's development should be overseen by the most experienced personnel. In a manner of speaking. Yes, I believe he does, Data. Why? Forgive me, Admiral, I thought you were sent here to form an opinion, not to justify one. I see no need for it to be difficult at all. I understand your concerns. What I'm asking for is time, patience. If you have an open mind, I'm sure you will see that it is imperative that Data and Lal be kept together during the formative stages of her development. After that, I have no doubt Commander Data will be delighted to deliver her to Starfleet Research. I'm convinced the damage will be irreparable if they're separated. They're living, sentient beings. Their rights and privileges in our society have been defined. I helped define them. A most significant step. Which Commander Data is following. It would seem you've actually improved upon yourself, Data. Admiral, she is under the strict guidance of a woman in whom I have absolute trust. Ten Forward is the centre of the ship's social activity. Everyone on board comes here. Admiral Haftel, Guinan. She runs Ten Forward. How is Lal doing? In fact, the Admiral is fact suggesting you be moved to Galor Four, Lal. You see, Lal, the Admiral is concerned that you need more guidance than your father can provide here on the Enterprise. Why don't we, Admiral? In all these discussions, no one has ever mentioned her wishes. She's a free, sentient being. What are your wishes, Lal? Thank you, Lal. You're excused. [Troi's quarters] Admiral, that is a fine argument, but it doesn't change my feeling that the proper place for Lal to develop is by Data's side. This is not the time. Damn it, even I can see the umbilical cord is virtually uncut. The child, the child depends on him. Belay that order, Mister Data. I will take this to Starfleet myself. Hold your ground, Mister Data. There are times, sir, when men of good conscience cannot blindly follow orders. You acknowledge their sentience, but you ignore their personal liberties and freedom. Order a man to hand his child over to the state? Not while I am his captain. If you wish, you can accompany us to Starfleet, where we shall see Acknowledged, Counsellor. He's on his way. Is there a problem? A malfunction. Emotional awareness. The crew is saddened by your loss, Mister Data. Mister Data, will you take your position? Mister Crusher? Lay in a course for the starbase on Otar Two. Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Hmm? What? Oh, er, France. Labarre. My home village. Yes. It's the first time in almost twenty years. Counsellor. It's Earth. It's home. Do I need another reason? Your help has been invaluable during my recovery, but, look, I'm better. The injuries are healing. The nightmares have ended. All I need now is a little time to myself. If you wish to believe that my going home is a direct result of being held captive by the Borg, be my guest. I hate it when you do that. And what better place to find oneself than on the streets of one's home village. All right, whoever you are, I can hear you. (A boy comes out from behind the bushes) Oh, good lord, a highwayman. A highwayman. It's a robber who attacks travellers, but none have been reported in this vicinity for centuries. I am much relieved, sir. (They walk together) Then, you have the advantage. Then you must be my uncle Rene. Too bad. I rather enjoyed the idea. Well, Starfleet keeps me very busy. I'm sure you misunderstood. Well, Robert and I, we. Perhaps it's time to change all that. Arrogant? Let's talk about that later, shall we? (Rene runs into a courtyard. There are big oak casks in an arcade) Marie. For me, too. Oh, I'm fine. I was, I was thinking I, I might be imposing. I could very easily stay in the village. No. In fact, it's amazing how little it has changed. Everything is exactly as I remember it. The house, the hills, every tree, every bush seems untouched by the passage of time. As it was to our father. You look exactly like Robert when he was your age. I half expect to see myself as a boy come running out that door to play. Rene already told me. Where is he? Hello, Robert. No I decided to walk. I met Marie and Rene. It's good to see you. No. Is he still trying to raise the ocean floor? It's really quite exciting, actually, if you understand the potential of exploring a new world on our own planet. A parade? No. No, no, no, no. No. he does not. I'm here to rest and spend some time with my family. Is this the forty six? On the contrary. I think that synthehol heightens one's appreciation for the genuine article. Leave it to Robert to find the best cook in France, then marry her. I remember the same discussions between mother and father. I don't see that you have to lose anything just by adding a convenience. Good for you, Uncle. You know what? I once wrote a report about starships when I was about your age. I don't recall. No, I don't think so. I am not encouraging him. If you weren't so narrow minded, if you allowed him to see the world as it really is No, my dear Louis, two men. Robert's and my father's. No, not true. I was interested. And I was proud that my family were helping to preserve the traditions. I just didn't feel bound by those traditions. There should be room for both in this life. And what about you, you old rascal. You've taken quite a shift into the future yourself. You should have listened to me at the beginning. And broken your leg. I hear you've been promoted to supervisor of the Atlantis project. Well. it's certainly very exciting work. I've kept up on it in the journals. It's only. There's just one thing I don't understand. You were such a rotten swimmer, Louis. Thinking of you working on the ocean floor. Seriously, how do you plan to accelerate the buildup on the underside of the mantle without increasing the stress on the tectonic plates? On the Enterprise, we used harmonic resonators to relieve the tectonic pressures on Drema Four. Obviously, it's not the same problem but No, I'd never leave Starfleet. All right. [Ten Forward] (Sitting at the bar) I seem to have made a rather disturbing discovery. Louis mentioned the Atlantis project needed a director, and I found myself actually thinking about it. Leaving my career, the Enterprise? No, it's not that. Or is it? Well, I already like his choice in wives. I never thanked you for your correspondence. It made me feel like part of the family. Well, there's nothing much to talk about. I've only had a chance to glance at them. I've a few ideas. Meeting? Preliminary to what? I never said there was a prospect. All right. Very good. Fine. I'll listen. That's so. What's that? Is this brotherly concern? You know what happened. I'm tired of fighting with you, Robert. That's right. I'm not a hero. That's not true. No! I never sought that rubbish. Valedictorian? Arms raised in victory? Were you so jealous? Right? Why didn't you break a few rules? Look after me? You? You were a bully. All right. Try it now. Damn you! (And he punches his brother, sending him flying over some barrels into the vineyard proper. There they fight in the muddy irrigation ditches, through the vines until they finally fall back laughing) You were asking for it, you know. You don't know, Robert. You don't know. They took everything I was. They used me to kill and to destroy, and I couldn't stop them. I should have been able to stop them! I tried. I tried so hard, but I wasn't strong enough. I wasn't good enough. I should have been able to stop them. I should! I should! You know, I think you were right after all. I think I did come back so that you could help me. It's entirely my fault, Marie. We both fell down. Together. He'd probably send us both to bed without our supper. Perhaps it was, Marie. Perhaps it was. I'll contact Louis and cancel the meeting with the Board of Governors. It's time that I was going. The ship will be ready to leave orbit soon, and I belong on board. If I should ever doubt that again, I know where to come. [Corridor] Take care, Uncle. Well, there's plenty of time for that. You may decide to do something else as you get older. Thank you, Lieutenant. Delighted. Sir. You had the full tour, I trust?
Mister Kolrami. Captain Jean-Luc Picard. Welcome aboard. Would you care to be shown to your quarters? Commander Riker will captain the Hathaway. Yes. Starfleet is not a military organisation. Its purpose is exploration. With the Borg threat, I decided that my officers and I needed to hone our tactical skills. In a crisis situation, it is prudent to have several options.  Well, Number One, you are allowed a complement of forty, so select whom you will, save of course Mister Data, who will serve as my first officer during your absence. On my ship, the leader of an away team has total control of the mission. If you want to judge leadership, why not start at the beginning? Doctor.  Begin long-range scanning of all sectors within three light years of Braslota. How is your crew shaping up? Anyone in particular?  Commander Riker, there's your next challenge. Good luck, Number One. Captain.  Open. (hailing frequencies) The weapons conversion, Lieutenant Burke? (played by Glenn Morshower - as seen in CSI and 24) Screen off. You have the Bridge, Mister Data. On screen. Why? Have you any objection? Permission granted. Mister Burke, will you handle that?  Ensign, where is Commander Data? (cough - he was Lieutenant a few scenes ago!) Why is that? Mister Kolrami, may I speak with you in private? [Ready room]  I would like to know the root of your prejudice for my First Officer. Mister Kolrami, you have been nothing but denigrating and abusive of Commander Riker since coming aboard this ship. Now I would like some explanation. In what regard? Don't confuse style with intent. Only a fool would question Commander Riker's dedication to Starfleet and the men and women under his command. He is simply the finest officer with whom I have ever served. The test is if a crew will follow where Commander Riker leads. His joviality is the means by which he creates that loyalty. And I will match his command style with your statistics any time. [Data's quarters]  Let me try to understand. You're saying that Commander Data is suffering from a profound loss of confidence, and that you believe only I can restore the balance? Don't you think you both might be overreacting? Data is not capable of the emotions which you are assigning to him. I am less than an hour away from a battle simulation, and I have to hand-hold an android. Commander, I require your presence on the Bridge. Data, you are my First Officer. Yes, you might. But that does not alter your duty to me and to this ship. Now, do you know how to formulate a premise? Then formulate this one. How do I deal Riker and the Hathaway? I will await your answer on the Bridge. And, Commander, it is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness. That is life. And Data, will you leave your hesitation and self-doubt here in your quarters. [Observation lounge]  On screen. The hunt begins, Number One. Screen off. Set course two two three mark three five seven. Full impulse power. Initiate Kumeh manoeuvre. [Hathaway Bridge]  Set course three one mark seven three. Present minimal aspect. Ready warp one, optimal spread on simulated torpedoes. What the? Bring us about, Ensign. Maximum shields. Full weapon systems. Lock on. Open a hailing frequency. Warp three, evasive. Stand by. Disengage weapons and shields. Re-engage modified beam. He's the best. Mister Worf must have overridden the sensor codes, played some holographic games. Mister Data, input a new code. Attack posture, circumvental attitude. Prepare beams for photon mode.  Ready photon torpedoes. Did you input that new code? Mister Worf, I didn't give you enough credit. Continue the simulation. (And they are hit with a real weapons blast) Divert all power to shields! Stay between the Ferengi and the Hathaway. Fire when ready. [Hathaway Bridge]  Where are my weapons? Unacceptable! I have forty crewmembers on board the Hathaway. Not to me! Notify Starfleet. Priority. Hail the Ferengi on my command. Formulate alternatives. I am the Captain of this vessel! Your order is nullified! Ferengi on main viewscreen. (The familiar sight of Armin Shimmerman in Ferengi makeup greets us) I am Jean-Luc Picard, of the Federation Starship, USS Enterprise. Why have you attacked my vessel? We have refrained from launching a counter-attack in the hope that this can be resolved this peacefully. Data?  I am open to suggestions. On screen. Number One, have you been monitoring communications? That would leave you defenceless. Your what? I told you he was the best. I'd like to hear about this, Number One, later. Right now I have to work something out with Mister Data. [Observation lounge] There is a way. Number One, can you hear this?  Mister Data Captain Riker [Observation lounge]  I cannot order you to do this. [Hathaway Bridge]  The advantage is, that it will appear from the Kreechta's perspective as though you were destroyed in the explosion. [Hathaway Bridge] Then we're agreed. [Observation lounge]  On my mark, four minutes.  Are we ready, Number One? Good luck to both of you. Bractor. You needn't. The answer is no. Your actions have been wholly criminal. You will not profit by them. You feel the Hathaway has value? We deny you your prize. Fire! (There's a big fireball behind the Enterprise, and when it clears, the Hathaway is gone) You had no claim to that vessel. It was ours to destroy. You can try. You made it, Number One. Smooth ride? We'll lock on and pick you up. Thank you. Initiate recovery procedures. Continue repairs. Plot a course for the nearest starbase. Captain's log, supplemental. With the transporter repaired and my crew safely back aboard, we have officially ended our first Starfleet battle simulation.[Ten forward] (Riker and Pulaski enter as a Strategema game between Data and Kolrami is in full flow. The crowd are very excited. The scores are in the 32000! and climbing. Kolrami is sweating, Data is unblinking and has a slight smile.)
Number One, will you join me in the Ready room? I've just come from a meeting with Admiral Moore. He wanted to discuss this. (He plays a regular sound pattern) Recognise it? Good guess. You're quicker than Starbase research. It took them hours to determine this was a distress beacon. Last month. Just kicked in without any warning. It's Terran. Interesting. Yes, that code hasn't been used in centuries. Ficus sector. Now we know there's someone out there and they're asking for help. Let's try and find out. Computer, download all information regarding signal beacon from Starbase mainframe. A loose alliance formed in the early part of the twenty second century. It was the first stirrings of world government. You should read more history, Number One. Computer, locate exact dates in which this signal beacon was in general use. Locate all Earth deep space launches from 2123 until 2190, with a destination in or near the Ficus sector. Damn it, who's out there? Let's go see if we can find them. [Bridge] (Crew are gathered around a figure on the floor) What happened? Doctor Pulaski, how is Lieutenant Worf? Come. (Data enters) The manifest. There it is. SS Mariposa, loaded 27th November, 2123. Destination Ficus sector. Captain Walter Granger, commanding. Thank you, Data. It doesn't appear to be, Data. You learn a lot about people from their luggage. Two hundred and twenty five Yoshimitsu computers, five monitor beacon satellites, seven hundred cellular commlinks, fifty spinning wheels. Cattle, chickens, pigs. Not DNA, the actual livestock. Incredible. Why would anyone carry such an insane mix of cargo? Data! Theorise, Data. Give me some background. Thank you, Data. But if this was a ship full of utopians, why carry all this technological baggage? Initiate sensor sweeps. Take us in. They brought a lot of technology. Where is it? Your point is well taken, Counsellor. Number One, you're going to have to go down there. What's the situation, Number One? Their condition? Are they willing to leave? Well, get them up here. There's no time, Number One. Initiate the transport. Whatever the problem, we'll handle it up here. What the devil is going on here, Number One? This is my Security Chief, Lieutenant Worf. What are these animals doing here, Number One. All right. Chief O'Brien, transport this group directly to cargo hold seven, and beam the remaining refugees from the planet directly to that hold. My pleasure. I don't own the Enterprise, I command her. No. Why? Felicitations. No. Quite sure. What's the total? Set course for the nearest starbase. What have they done to my ship now? [Corridor] Report. Unseal the doors. My apologies. I was unaware that you had not been instructed in the use of the food dispensers. Sometimes, Number One, you just have to bow to the absurd. The ship's computer The ship's computers sense a localised increase The point, Mister Odell. The other colony? Captain's log, supplemental. A review of stellar charts has revealed a Class M planet only half a light year from the Bringloid system. I am proceeding on the premise that it was the destination of the colony which possessed the more sophisticated equipment. [Riker's quarters] On screen. This is Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise, representing the United Federation of Planets. I'm afraid the truth is, you got lost in the bureaucracy. But despite the lateness of our arrival, we're here now and we're eager to renew ties. Thank you. Form an away team, Number One. So, they used that expertise and turned to cloning. How can we help you? I think you will find that attitude prevalent among all the Enterprise people. Yes, of course. Number One, put a technical team together. Let's get these repairs underway. Doctor, how desperate is the colony's situation? Are you saying we should give them the DNA samples they require? The Bringloidi. They started out together. It seems only fitting they should end up together. Don't you understand? The Bringloidi can help you. Now stop! I will not allow posturing and bigotry to destroy this meeting. Now please, sit down. Now, Commander Riker has asked that your laboratories be inspected for stolen tissue samples, and I understand his concern. We may have to transport all your equipment here, to the Enterprise. Fine. Destroy yourselves. You see, the end is closer than you like to think. It is the differences that have made us strong. Frightening? I must be out of my mind. Miss Odell, I Miss Odell, you were the one who wanted a new home. It's your choice. If you wish, you can stay on the Enterprise. We will drop you at a starbase, then you can go where you wish. If this is going to work, these people will need your strength, your guidance. Prime Minister. Oh, it is.
Ohniaka Three? There's no strategic value to that outpost. Were they able to identify the attackers? Bring us out of warp, Ensign. Hail them, Mister Worf. Put them on screen. Or they might simply be another victim. What about the outpost? Evasive manoeuvres, Ensign! Return fire. Plot an intercept course, Ensign. Fire torpedoes. (but they go to warp just before the torpedoes arrive) Take us back to Ohniaka Three. What? Did they show any interest in assimilating you or your technology? The Borg's entire existence was centred around acquiring cultures and technology. If that's changed, then they must have a new objective. We have to find out what it is. Mister Worf, from this moment on, I want to maintain a level two security alert. Post armed officers on every deck. Number One, I want you to analyse our sensor readings of the Borg ship. Try to determine if it was something they constructed or an alien ship which they captured. Then run an analysis of this subspace distortion they used to escape. I'm going to contact Starfleet Command. [Engineering] Understood. I thought that I had made that clear. When Hugh was separated from the Borg collective he began to grow and to evolve into something other than an automaton. He became a person. When that happened, I felt I had no choice but to respect his rights as an individual. No one is more aware of the danger than I am. But I am also bound by my oath and my conscience to uphold certain principles. And I will not sacrifice them in order to Yes, sir. [Troi's office] What's our ETA? Contact the Crazy Horse and the Agamemnon. Have them standing by in case we need them. Mister Worf, acknowledge the signal from New Berlin and transmit another copy of Starfleet's ship-recognition protocols and tell them to read it this time. Come. An artificially created energy conduit? That could be anything. I don't want excuses, Number One. I want answers! I'm sorry. He was in this room, Will. I could have rid the Federation of a mortal threat, and I let him go. It may turn out that the moral thing to do was not the right thing to do. [Holodeck - Outpost] (Geordi enters as Data throttles a Borg dispassionately) Doesn't it seem strange to you that there have been two Borg attacks and the Enterprise has been the nearest ship in both instances? Take us out of warp near that ship. On screen. (it is the same ship) Lay in an intercept course, full impulse. Lock phasers. They're not going to get away with it this time. Picard to Engineering. Transfer auxiliary and emergency power to the impulse engines. Picard to Engineering, can we transfer auxiliary power to the warp nacelles? Try to break us out by using the (normal space) On screen. Is everyone else all right? They beamed aboard as a diversion to give their ship time to escape. Can you waken him? Do it. Lower the forcefield. (Worf and Crusher leave the cell and the Borg sits up) What is your designation? Crosis? How did you get that name? Who is that? But you are Borg. Your goal is not to destroy but to assimilate us into the collective. Tell me more about this One. Does he have a name? Is he called Hugh? Why must this One destroy biological organisms? I am Locutus of Borg. You will respond to my questions. This is going nowhere. Doctor, I want an autopsy performed on the other one. Compare the differences with what we learned of Hugh's anatomy. See if there have been any recent modifications which might explain these behavioural differences. Data, run a biospectral analysis on this Borg. See if he is trying to send a subspace signal to the others. How fast would a ship travel through one of these conduits? Is there any way for us to duplicate Who authorised a launch? Picard to shuttlecraft. Identify yourself and return to the ship immediately. Mister Worf, lock on with a tractor beam and return it to the ship. Mister La Forge, can we follow them into the conduit? The question is, is Data a prisoner or did he go willingly? Perhaps Data's recent flash of emotion has something to do with this. It could have affected him more profoundly than we realise. Either way, we have to find him. Mister Worf, red alert. Bring us to the last known coordinates of the shuttlecraft. Mister La Forge? Take us in, Ensign. One half impulse. (in they go, shake rattle and roll) Report. Can you locate the shuttle? Yes, Mister La Forge. The Borg have been busy. Lay in that course, Ensign, and engage at full impulse. Are they intentionally jamming our sensors? Can we transport through the interference? Agreed. Take a well-armed away team and transport down to those coordinates. Have the transporter Chief keep a permanent lock on your signals so we can get you out of there at the first sign of trouble. Can you determine how long they've been gone from the shuttlecraft? [Planet surface] Stand by, Number One. Assuming that they're still together, how far could they have travelled in three hours? Picard to Riker. I'm going to start sending down other away teams. Set up a command post and begin mapping out a search plan. Picard out. I want to use the shuttlecraft for low level reconnaissance. Have the designated pilots assemble at main shuttlebay. And all available personnel, including you and me, will begin to put together four man away teams. We'll leave a skeleton crew on board the ship. If the Borg should attack, don't wait for me or anyone else to return to the ship but take the Enterprise to the transwarp conduit. Return to Federation space. Good luck, Captain. [Planet surface] Who's manning the command post? Anything, Mister La Forge? What if we modified the phasers to send out a luvetric pulse? It might create a resonance fluctuation in Data's power cells. Come on. [outside the building] Can you tell if it was built by the Borg? Well, it certainly hasn't been abandoned. It's a dampening field. This entire structure could be shielded from our sensors. Let's go. (the Borg enter) Data? What? Lore.
Well, it was little better at the physiognomy workshop. Doctor Vassbinder gave an hour long dissertation on the ionisation effect of warp nacelles before he realised that the topic was supposed to be psychology. There was no opportunity. There was no pause. (mock Teutonic) He just kept talking in one long, incredibly unbroken sentence, moving from topic to topic so that no one had a chance to interrupt. It was really quite hypnotic. How long did it appear to you that we were frozen? Let's go through all this again. You were sitting there. The rest of us were here. Describe the exact moment when we appeared to freeze. Did you sense something from any of us at that time? Any unusual emotion? Or there is another possibility, Counsellor. This could be nothing more than simple (Troi has a start. Picard is now next to her waving a hand in front of her face) Are you all right, Counsellor? It appears to be the same effect that you described in us. Do you remember anything? How do you account for this discrepancy? Mister Data, contact the Enterprise. Tell Commander Riker to meet us at the rendezvous point as soon as possible. Have him scan the region for temporal anomalies. Are we within sensor range? Increase speed to the rendezvous coordinates. Report! Full stop. What happened? Is there a fuel containment leak? I'll check the fuel consumption logs. [Runabout living section] (Picard goes to the console, then smells something. The fruit in the bowl has become moldy. He reaches towards it and shouts in pain. His fingernails have grown a good half inch. The others rush in.) My hand. The pain is going away. It happened when I reached for the bowl of fruit. (the fruit is now totally decayed. Data uses his tricorder) Check the hull integrity. Mister La Forge, see if you can move us away from the disturbance. Yes, Mister La Forge? Can we navigate around these fragments? Get us to the Enterprise. (later) Perhaps the Enterprise has been delayed. Take us to it. There she is. Mister Data? Scan for life signs. There's a second energy beam. It's coming from the Enterprise deflector array. Do you have any idea what that could be? We're not going to be able to determine anything from here. We need to get on board the Enterprise. Well, we have to find some way of staying unfrozen. Mister La Forge, what about a subspace forcefield like the one we used on Devidia Two? Could something like that protect us from the effects of the temporal fragment? Mister Data? Well, Mister La Forge, it would seem that time is something we have plenty of. (later) Beam us directly to the Enterprise Bridge. There are three Romulans, all of them with disruptors. One at conn. There are none of our security officers on the Bridge. They must have taken us by surprise. It appears that we can move objects in this time frame. I'm wary about making changes in this time continuum until we understand more about what's going on. Security teams had just been sent to transporter room three. And to Sickbay. Counsellor, will you go to Sickbay and investigate? Mister Data, go to main Engineering. See if you can determine the cause of that power surge. I'll be in transporter room three. Mister La Forge? Will you lock onto our signals. I want you to beam Counsellor Troi to Understood. We'll use the Jefferies tube. Let's go. [Jefferies tube] (they climb down to an intersection and open the bulkhead to carry on down, but there are three crewmembers there, blocking their way) No, we'll find an alternative route. Let's go back up. [Corridor] (walking along, Troi nearly bumps into a woman. Outside Sickbay there are armed security about to enter) [Sickbay] (inside, Troi sees Beverly being shot by a Romulan. Troi runs out and a Romulan woman moves) [Transporter room] (Worf is at the controls as injured Romulans are stepping off the pads) Excuse me, Mister Worf. (Picard moves Worf's hand) Counsellor, take a look at this. It appears that Mister Worf had just beamed these three on board, and according to this, three other Romulans had been beamed directly to Sickbay just seconds earlier. What are we doing transporting Romulans on board the ship in the middle of a battle? They don't have any weapons and that one looks injured. If they were part of an invasion, then why are they unarmed? It doesn't make any sense. Go ahead, Mister Data. What's the problem, Mister Data? Expanding? I thought that time was suspended on this ship. Is there anything we can do to stop it? Astonishing to see it frozen like this. My head. Oh. Dizzy. I can't. (laughs then panics) No! No! Can we modify the subspace isolators to give us better protection? Very well. Well, the first step is to find out why the Enterprise was transferring power to the Romulan ship. I think we should begin our search in the Romulan engine room. Counsellor, you spent several days on a Romulan vessel. You probably know more about the layouts than anyone here. Perhaps Yes, very well. I will monitor your progress from here. But just remember, ten minutes, no more. When time resumed, did you observe any activity in the engine room that might [Romulan Engineering] Suggest what the Romulans were doing? Mister La Forge [Runabout living section] From where you are, can you determine what's happening on the Romulan Bridge? [Romulan Engineering] Mister Data, you said that you found organic matter in the temporal aperture. I'd like to take a closer look at those readings. (Data calls them up on the wall monitor) They appear to contain some sort of energy patterns. Can you isolate one of them and magnify? (Data does so) They look like cellular clusters. Data, this could be some sort of embryo. Who are you? Who were in danger? How were your young trapped in the core? The Enterprise responded, and found the warbird suffering from an apparent engine failure, and they attempted a power transfer. Did you who attacked the Enterprise? Are there any others like you here? Do you know where he is? Could he help us restore normal time? (but the alien vanishes) (later) Is it possible to lock onto the core itself, beam it into space? Mister Data, when you scanned the temporal aperture with your tricorder, it caused time to move forwards and then back again. What if we could reverse that process? Cause time move backwards and then forwards. The breach never happens. Make it so. If this works, we may not have much time to prevent the power transfer. We'll have to decide precisely where to be and what to do the very instant that time begins to move backwards. Captain's log, supplemental. After placing the modified tricorder on the Romulan ship, we have returned to the Enterprise. [Bridge] Acknowledged. Counsellor, are you in position? [Sickbay] All right, Mister Data. [Engineering] Go ahead, Mister Data. Be ready to stop the power transfer, Mister Data. No time to explain, Number One. Continue the evacuation of the Romulan ship. You'll find LaForge in the Romulan engine room. Beam him directly to Sickbay. [Sickbay] (Deanna knocks Beverly out of the line of the disrupter, and aims her own weapon) Status, Mister Data? Can we move the ship? Patch me into the navigational control of the runabout. I'm bringing the runabout in. (he flies the runabout into the power transfer beam. KaBOOM. The warbird vanishes) [Engineering] (the alien woman vanishes) Mister Data? Data, it appears that severing the power transfer has not only prevented the core breach, but has also restored [Engineering] Space-time to normal. The warbird has vanished as well. It's going to take a little time to explain, Number One. Captain's log, stardate 46945.3. We successfully evacuated the crew of the Romulan ship, and we're on course to the Neutral Zone to bring them home. [Data's quarters] (Data takes a kettle off a stove)
Come. Ah, Number One. Look at this. Ever since we left the Lima Sierra system, I have been puzzling over how the third planet could maintain such an orbit, when it is theoretically impossible. But consider this. Exactly. Why? I haven't a clue. Perhaps, but if this is an accurate representation, it could explain what happened in that system. Well, not a matter of great moment, just a knot I had to untie. So, what do you want to see me about? Oh well, time to leave. [Bridge] Mister Data, you have the Bridge. [Turbolift] This is not an away team, Commander. I consider this a ceremonial function. For me not to go could be construed as lack of interest. Oh, cluck, cluck, Number One. You're being a mother hen. I appreciate your concern. Actually I'm looking forward to meeting this mediator. They wanted the best. That, according to all reports, is Riva. [Corridor] If he can put an end to all the years of blood-letting on those planets, I think we should do everything in our power to assist him. Isn't that my speech, Number One? No, of course you're right. We must not get involved. [Transporter room] (O'Brien is transporter chief today) Ah. Riva negotiated several treaties between the Klingons and the Federation. Now look, this is a simple ceremonial greeting, nothing more. All right? Energise. [Room] (They arrive in a marbled room, and walk forward to an area with a slightly raised dais in front of a stained glass window. There is no one there.) [Bridge] We've arrived safely, Number One, but so far we've been ignored. I'll keep you informed. [Bridge] Thank you, no. Greetings from the United Federation of Planets. I am Captain Jean Luc Picard, of the USS Enterprise. This is Counsellor Troi. Lieutenant Worf. There are aspects to Riva of which we have not been informed. Then Riva the mediator Deaf? And the three of you speak for him? Remarkable. And so these (Riva steps forward, angry) What? The uniqueness of this presentation provoked this inadvertent breach in protocol. No insult was intended. I'm curious about how this rare form of communication came about. Riva, if you are ready, the situation at Solais Five is very critical. We should not delay. Make it so, Mister Worf. Riva id deaf. These three speak for him. Treat them as interpreters. Address yourselves directly to Riva. Now, may I present my First Officer. This is my First Officer, Commander Riker. Lieutenant Commander Data. Lieutenant La Forge. I offer the hospitality of my vessel. And at your convenience, there is a briefing on the Solari wars. If you wish, I'll have you conducted to your quarters. Lieutenant Worf will escort you. I'm sorry, Data. Begin the briefing. Data? Always? No. This is for your benefit. Yes, of course. The meeting is adjourned. Hailing frequencies. This is Captain Jean Luc Picard, commander of the Federation starship USS Enterprise. If you continue to violate the cease fire, I will abort this mission. (The viewscreen image has lots of interference.) Riva is in charge of the summit. I command the ship that brings him. I will not endanger this ship under any circumstances. I shall summon him for you. Get Riva here. [Guest quarters] The cease fire has been broken. Viewer on. If that is your judgement, so be it. We are here to provide whatever service you require. How did this happen? I don't understand what you're trying to say. Counsellor? Can you write it out? I am so sorry that your friends were killed. I'm sorry, I don't know what you are trying to tell me. We have to find some way to communicate with him. Data, he knows some kind of gestural language. Find our which one and learn it. Counsellor, take him to Sickbay. Maybe Pulaski can help. (grabs Riva's head) Listen to me. You are not alone. Do you understand? We are all in this together now. Captain's log, supplemental. We are monitoring increased military activity on Solais Five. I fear that without Riva, we will be unable to keep the Solari from destroying themselves. [Bridge] Come. (Troi and Pulaski enter) How's our mediator. Counsellor, couldn't you? You're right, of course. (doorbell) Come. (Data enters) Enough. Let's talk to Riva. [Observation lounge] (for Data, read as if Riva is talking) Riva, Commander Data has learned your sign language. Talk to us. You are not to blame. What happened appears to have been the work of one desperate man. It may not reflect the feelings of the others. We have been contacted by the factions on Solais. They want to renew negotiations. But Data can understand you. Use him. Let him explain your words. That is regrettable. A lot more people are going to die. (Riva storms out of the room) [Sickbay] (Geordi is having a check-up on his implants) I will have the Captain contact then down on the planet and tell them to prepare for your return. [Transporter room] (O'Brien at the controls, of course) Come. Yes. You read me well enough to sense how I feel about you and what you do on this ship. But I just wanted to say the words. Thank you. Well done. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Apparently the Tamarians arrived at El-Adrel Four nearly three weeks ago. They have been transmitting a subspace signal towards Federation space ever since. Apparently so, Number One. Starfleet believes that their presence is an attempt at communication. Commander. Agreed. I appreciate your prudence, Mister Worf, but Starfleet believes that the Tamarians have extended a hand. We must do the same. Indeed. Are they truly incomprehensible? In my experience, communication is a matter of patience, imagination. I would like to believe these are qualities we have in sufficient measure. [Bridge] Counsellor? Mister Data? Yes, but what does it all mean? Captain, would you be prepared to consider the creation of a mutual non-aggression pact between our two peoples, possibly leading to a trade agreement and cultural interchange. Does this sound like a reasonable course of action to you? (the Tamarian crew find this funny) Impressions, Number One? As are we. For what it's worth. You want to fight with me? Is that it? A challenge? I don't know who or what Darmok and Jalad are, but I certainly didn't come here to start a war. Sorry, Captain. Shaka indeed. What now, Captain? Will you attack me in my sleep? If I don't freeze to death first. Picard of the Federation. Of the starship Enterprise. Of the planet Earth. Temba? What does that mean? Fire? Does Temba mean fire? Temba is a person? His arms wide. Because he's holding them apart in, in generosity. In giving. In taking. Thank you. Thank you. First Officer's log, supplemental. I am sending a shuttlecraft to find Captain Picard, gambling that the Tamarians will sit tight rather than risk an exchange of phaser fire. [Shuttlecraft] Now, where have you gone to, my friend? (Picard strolls over to Dathon's camp site) Forgive the intrusion, Captain, but I need some answers. (He finds what looks like a journal, and sits down to read.) [Data's quarters] A captain's log? I was curious. I meant no harm. (Dathon pushes the journal out of Picard's hand.) Enough! I'm not going to fight you. You'll just have to (Something big roars nearby.) I'll go along with that. [Bridge] Come on. Shaka. You said that before. When I couldn't build a fire. Is that a failure? An inability to do something? At Tanagra. I remember the words but I don't understand. [Engineering] At Lashmir? Was it like this at Lashmir? A similar situation to the one we're facing here? A strategy, with fist open. With fist open. With fist closed. An army with fist open to lure the enemy. With fist closed to attack? That's how you communicate, isn't it? By citing example. By metaphor. Uzani's army with fist open. (And Picard opens the distance between them.) No! [Transporter room] when the walls fell. First Officer's log, stardate 45048.8. Our attempt to transport Captain Picard back to the ship has failed. My options are narrowing and my patience is all but gone. [Observation lounge] Our situation is similar to theirs. I understand that. But I need to know more. You must tell me more about Darmok and Jalad. Tell me. You used the words, 'Temba, his arms wide' when you gave me the knife and the fire. Could that mean give? Temba, his arms wide. Darmok. Give me more about Darmok. Darmok. (draws on the soil) The ocean. Darmok on the ocean. A metaphor? For being alone? Isolated? Darmok on the ocean. (Dathon writhes in pain.) Are you all right? Temba, his arms open. Give me more about Darmok on the ocean. At Tanagra. A country? Tanagra on the ocean. An island. Temba, his arms wide. Jalad at Tanagra. He went to the same island as Darmok. Darmok and Jalad Tanagra. The beast? There was a creature at Tanagra? Darmok and Jalad, the beast of Tanagra. They arrived separately. They struggled together against a common foe, the beast at Tanagra. Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra. They left together. Darmok and Jalad on the ocean. You hoped this would happen, didn't you? You knew there was a dangerous creature on this planet and you knew from the tale of Darmok that a danger shared might sometimes bring two people together. Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra. You and me, here, at El-Adrel. My turn? No, I'm not much of a story teller. Besides, you wouldn't understand. Shaka. when the walls fell. Perhaps that doesn't matter. You want to hear it anyway. There's a story, a very ancient one, from Earth. I'll try and remember it. Gilgamesh, a king. Gilgamesh, a king, at Uruk. He tormented his subjects. He made them angry. They cried out aloud, send us a companion for our king. Spare us from his madness. Enkidu, a wild man from the forest, entered the city. They fought in the temple. They fought in the street. Gilgamesh defeated Enkidu. They became great friends. Gilgamesh and Enkidu at Uruk. The new friends went out into the desert together, where the great bull of heaven was killing men by the hundreds. Enkidu caught the bull by the tail. Gilgamesh struck it with his sword. They were victorious. But Enkidu fell to the ground, struck down by the gods. And Gilgamesh wept bitter tears, saying, 'he who was my companion through adventure and hardship, is gone forever. (And so Dathon dies.) First Officer's log, supplemental. Despite the risk of war, I have no choice but to break the stalemate. [Bridge] I understand your sacrifice, Captain. Unfortunately, if our friend out there has its way, no one will ever know what you tried to do. [Bridge] Hail the Tamarian ship. Temarc! The river Temarc in winter. And Jalad. At Tanagra. Darmok and Jalad on the ocean. The beast at Tanagra. Uzani, his army. Shaka when the walls fell. (Picard holds up Dathon's journal, and the Tamarians beam it away.) (holds out the dagger) Temba, his arms open. Thank you. I can't say, Number One. But at least they're not new enemies. [Ready room] (Picard is reading a book when Riker enters) No, of course not, Number One. Please. Thank you. Oh, the Homeric Hymns. One of the root metaphors of our own culture. More familiarity with our own mythology might help us to relate to theirs. The Tamarian was willing to risk all of us just for the hope of communication, connection. Now the door is open between our peoples. That commitment meant more to him than his own life. Thank you, Number One. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
All hands abandon ship. Repeat, all hands abandon (KaBOOM!!!!) Captain's log, stardate 45652.1. The Enterprise has entered an area of space known as the Typhon Expanse. We're the first Starfleet vessel to chart this unexplored region. [Someone's quarters] (Data does a fast, professional shuffle) How so? Make it so, Mister Data. Yes, Doctor? Counsellor? Go ahead. On our way. [Bridge] Report. Back us off, Ensign. Nice and slow. Hail them. Suggestions? Mister Worf, make it so. All hands, abandon ship! Repeat, all hands abandon (KaBOOM!!!!) Captain's log, stardate 45652.1. The Enterprise has entered an area of space known as the Typhon Expanse. We are the first Starfleet vessel to chart this unexplored region. [Someone's quarters] Yes, Doctor? My Aunt Adele cured a lot of sleepless nights with this steamed milk. Whenever I get insomnia, I try to perfect the recipe. You know, earlier, I was reading this book, and I had the distinct feeling I'd read certain paragraphs before. But I assumed I'd read the book years ago and I'd forgotten. Well, it could be nothing more than the result of a sleepless night. But let's be sure. Have Data and Geordi run a shipwide diagnostic, concentrating on the time and place you heard the voices, and we'll discuss the results tomorrow at seven hundred hours. Thank Aunt Adele. [Observation lounge] Go ahead. On our way. [Bridge] Report. Back us off, Ensign. Nice and slow. Hail them. Suggestions? Make it so, Mister Worf. (to comm.) All hands abandon ship. Repeat, all hands abandon (KaBOOM!!!!) Captain's log, stardate 45652.1. The Enterprise has entered an area of space known as the Typhon Expanse. We are the first Starfleet vessel to chart this unexplored region. [Somebody's quarters] You wanted to see me, Doctor? Yes, recently. While I was reading. Why do you ask? Run a localised subspace scan to look for anything else. Keep me advised. [Crusher's quarters] (This time, Beverly isn't dressed for bed. She carefully puts her glass down on another table out of harm's way. As soon as she turns out the lights, the voices start and she grabs her tricorder to record them.) If you're right about this, how did it happen? How did we get there? Your point, Mister Data? All hands, abandon ship! Repeat, all hands abandon If you're right, perhaps we could escape the loop by avoiding the collision. No. We can't afford to start second guessing ourselves. We'll stay on this course until we have reason to change it. But let's do everything we can to avoid the collision. What do you suggest? Even with all these uncertainties, we've got to try. Take whatever steps are necessary to send a message. Dismissed. [Engineering] (Geordi is making adjustments inside Data's head) Back us off, Ensign. Nice and slow. Hail them. Suggestions? Make it so, Mister Worf. All hands abandon ship. Repeat, all hands abandon (KaBOOM!!!!) Captain's log, stardate 45652.1. The Enterprise has entered an area of space known as the Typhon Expanse. We are the first Starfleet vessel to chart this unexplored region. [Someone's quarters] Yes, Doctor? I'm on my way. [Sickbay] While you're at it, run a localised subspace scan to look for anything unusual. Keep me advised, Doctor. [Engineering] All hands, abandon ship! Repeat, all hands abandon If you're right about this then perhaps we can escape the loop by avoiding the collision. We can't afford to start second guessing ourselves. We should stay on this course until we have reason to change it. But in the meantime, I think we should do what we can to avoid a collision. If that were true, what could three indicate? Go ahead. On our way. [Bridge] (Red alert is sounding) Report. Back us off, Ensign. Nice and slow. Hail them. Suggestions? Make it so, Mister Worf. Data, what happened? Mister Worf, end Red alert. And try to access a Federation time base beacon. Let's see if we can find out how long we've been in this causality loop. Reset them, Mister Data. Open a channel. I'm Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Enterprise. We were just going to ask you the same thing. Captain, have you any idea what has just happened? The Enterprise has been caught in temporal causality loop, and I suspect that something similar may have happened to you. Captain, do you know what year this is? Perhaps you should beam aboard our ship. There's something we need to discuss. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Computer, why wasn't the holodeck programme terminated? On whose authority? All right, tell me from the beginning exactly what happened. Which you asked the computer to provide. Worthy of Holmes? (watch the penny drop) Merde. I understand, Lieutenant. So, he has access to the computer. Theorise, Data. What are his limits? What does he need to begin making use of that? Computer, where is Doctor Pulaski. And her vital signs? Doctor Pulaski? Exactly what? Computer, what happened? Data, I think it best that you and I should return to the holodeck. No. I will change into some appropriate costume. Uniforms might pose questions I'd rather he didn't ask. It seems that he feeds on knowledge. Well, let's not give your nemesis any more information than we have to. [Moriarty's room] (a gentleman with opera hat and cane) Computer, tell me, is the programme still running? Data, shall we go? Gentlemen. Open. [Street] (Parts of the holodeck grid are visible, there is a heavy mist off the river and the people are unhappy) We don't have much time. He's getting more control of his environment. Let's see if we can't beat Professor Moriarty by giving him everything he wants. (Outside the Ale and Stout house) Obviously, he's trying to alter the programming here. (Picard picks up a coin) Tuppence. Two pence. Supposed to be good luck. We may need some. Excuse me. Data. (Data disarms the mugger by squeezing his thumb) It's more serious than that. I think the mortality fail-safe may have been circumvented. He could've killed me. Data, let him go. You all right? Moriarty, you were conjured up to attempt to defeat Holmes here. Once that attempt is concluded, win or lose, your programme has run its course. Your existence is done. Yes, you can do that, but you haven't. I suspect you shook this ship in order to get my attention. Well now you have it. What is it you want? That may not be entirely true, Professor. This which we call the holodeck uses a principle similar to another device called a transporter. In the year in which we live, humans have discovered that energy and matter are interchangeable. In the holodeck, energy is converted to matter. Thus you have substance. But only here. You are not alive. As I said before, you are only Oh yes. No. He is more. Yes, that is one possible definition. Moriarty, my responsibility is this vessel and its crew. That may not be possible. I cannot give you what you want. Yes, that is so. And I do not want to kill you. Bridge, this is the Captain. Number One, the situation is under control. Moriarty, this vessel's computer has a vast memory capacity. You will not be extinguished. We will save this programme, and hopefully, in time, when we know enough, we will bring you back in a form which could leave the holodeck. As you wish. A short goodbye. Computer, save the programme of the character Moriarty, and then discontinue. (Moriarty disappears) [Engineering] (La Forge is with HMS Victory) Damaged? She's beautiful. A wonderful testimony to simpler times. Well, soon she'll be ship-shape and Bristol-fashion. It's an old navy phrase, meaning everything in perfect order. As are we, Mister La Forge. On my way, Number One. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Agreed. We'll have Starbase Montgomery give us an independent reading. Well, that's certainly another option, but as we're stopping at Starbase Montgomery anyway, we'll let them do the analysis. I think we could all use a twelve hour layover. Besides, I've just received some personnel transfer directives. Priority matter, Go to half impulse power. (to Riker) Will you join me in the Observation lounge when you're done? [Observation lounge] Number One, I've just been recollecting the arrival of a new First Officer on board the Enterprise, and a manual docking confidently achieved. I may have been somewhat miserly in my congratulations then, so let me make up for it now. The Captain of the Starship Ares is retiring. Congratulations. You've been selected as his replacement. And they have picked up indications of an intelligent life form, though nothing confirmed. That's why they're asking for you. Not for your military proficiency, but for your skill as an explorer and as a diplomat. With no guarantee of finding anything when you arrive. Well, you have twelve hours to think it over. And if it's not too premature, congratulations, Captain. [Bridge] Establish synchronous orbit. Starbase Montgomery is sending a civilian advisor on board to brief you on the Ares's mission. A strategic attaché with specialised knowledge in the frontier regions. I think you'll find the briefing interesting. Enjoy. [Transporter room] You've seen your mission briefing? Any questions? Oh, yes. His name is Flaherty. That is an understatement, Number One. The last time I saw Commander Flaherty, he spoke forty languages. As I recall, among the more exotic were Romulan, Klingon, Giamon, Stroyerian. He has this unique ability of instantaneously interpreting and extrapolating any verbal communication that he hears. You will find him very useful in Sector Vega-Omicron. My only regret is that your reunion marks Will's farewell. Oh, yes, I have no doubt. Yes, of course. Excuse me, gentlemen. (Picard leaves) Come. (Riker enters) Number One? I don't know, and if you're asking me what I think you should do, I don't know that either. I can spell out for you, albeit crudely, what you are choosing between. As the First Officer of the Enterprise you have a position of distinction, prestige, even glamour of a sort. You are the second in command of Starfleet's flagship, but still second in command. Your promotion will transfer you to a relatively insignificant ship in an obscure corner of the galaxy> But it will be your ship, and being who you are, it will soon be vibrant with your authority, your style, your vision. You know, there really is no substitute for holding the reins. Ah. What were the analytical team's findings? Precisely what Data recommended, as I recall. At least it gave Commander Riker the opportunity to consider his promotion. Now that he's accepted, we can leave him at Starbase Montgomery. (Riker enters) Number One. Granted. Any particular reason for this change of heart? Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
So, how old are you, Mister Worf? (tucking into cake) I wouldn't miss this for the world. How old are you? Report. Where is the information being sent now? Make it so. They're responsible for new starship development. Mister Worf, start a long range scan of the region. See if there are any Cardassian ships nearby. Open a channel. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Starship Enterprise. You are in Federation territory. Please explain your presence here. We are repairing one of our subspace telescopes. No, thank you. Everything is under control. It's a long range subspace Array. We use it for gathering data on astronomical phenomena. Certainly not. What are you saying? The imaging logs? Are you suggesting that you have evidence the Cardassians have tampered with the Array? I haven't heard anything about this. Mister Worf, are you feeling all right? Mister Data, perhaps you had better re-examine the Array. See if you can find any evidence to support Mister Worf's claims. [Worf's quarters] Now, Mister Worf! Now! Number One. Ensign, take us out of here, maximum warp. Are they pursuing us? Bridge to Engineering. Mister La Forge, what's your status? Acknowledged. Ensign, lay in a course to Starbase one two nine. What happened back there, Lieutenant? Granted. [Worf's quarters] (Worf locks the door behind him. The battleship painting is back by the door and the trophy is now a vase of flowers) Captain, it would that we have found the quantum signature you are looking for. Our Data has said the same thing. We're launching it now. Enterprise here. Yes, Lieutenant. Is there a problem? How was the Bat'leth tournament? (he checks the trophy)
Starfleet received this subspace transmission two days ago, Admiral. On viewer. (A middle aged man sitting behind an empty desk) Starfleet cannot understand how or why this situation has developed. Mordan Four has finally gained peace after decades of civil war Yes, sir. Karnas was largely responsible for the planet's unification and peace. Why should he now be unable to deal with this rebellious faction? I'm detailed to take you to Mordan Four as soon as you can be ready, Admiral. Received and acknowledged, sir. Picard out. Well, Number One, let's go and welcome the Admiral aboard. [Transporter room] (Jameson is in an enclosed wheelchair similar to Captain Pike's, but with his upper torso free to move) Welcome aboard, Admiral. This is my Executive Officer, Commander William Riker. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Of course. [Bridge] Put it on the screen, Mister Data. I am Captain Picard, commanding the Enterprise. He's here, beside my First Officer. Do you wish to speak to him now? Counsellor? Perhaps he knows more about the terrorists than he's prepared to admit. In a few moments, Doctor. Just a routine medical checkup. Ship's regulations. [Ready room] All right. Karnas has a problem he thinks you can resolve. What do the terrorists need that Karnas can't, or won't, give them? Excellent, Doctor. He is eighty five years old, Doctor. For some, the memory begins to fail. That is an observation I'd expect from Counsellor Troi. Doctor. Doctor, I do respect your opinion, and I'll want you on the Bridge for the next day or so. The Admiral must remain in the best of health for these negotiations, and he might require your services. [Bridge] Admiral, we're approaching the Idini Star Cluster. Would you like to take the conn as we make transit? Well, Admiral, quite a little surprise you've pulled on us. Admiral, you only have the conn temporarily. The admiral displayed a remarkable improvement out there, wouldn't you say? Then how do you account for it? I want you to look into it, Doctor. Thoroughly. Specifics, Doctor. Give me what you have now. You said there is no cure for Iverson's. Get me some answers, Doctor. As soon as possible. Mrs. Jameson, I have to ask the Admiral some questions. Admiral, in addition to your rank, you are a particularly valuable commodity just now. Starfleet has a right to some answers. Yes, I've heard of that story. It's a myth. Obviously it works very rapidly, but how does it work? So you took the whole dose. The only question I have, Admiral, is why you thought it necessary to be young to negotiate the release of the hostages. Even willing to put your life at risk for it. I'll be on the Bridge, Admiral, if you want to talk further. (Picard leaves) One moment, Mister Data. Admiral, this is Picard. May I know the reason for this communication? [Observation lounge] You said Karnas was a proud man, Admiral, probably sensitive about his failure to deal with this situation. Is it wise to press him on this? [Observation lounge] Then I suggest a secured channel, Admiral. [Observation lounge] Make it so. Ready for exactly what, Admiral? What has happened to bring you to that conclusion? That's quite a big jump. Isn't the most important thing the hostage's lives? Wouldn't that be a little obvious, Admiral? Therefore you see this armed raid as the only option. With respect, Admiral, I would point out no one else has heard or considered Karnas's demands. The Federation might view them differently if they knew what they were. I couldn't sleep either. Perhaps in this case, rethinking? (Jameson turns so we can see the brown-haired, smooth-skinned twenty something he has become) Why is this mission so important to you? Why did you risk your life to lead it personally? Noble sentiments, but that's too easy an answer. You've been here before. You negotiated a release of the hostages with Karnas before. Why is it now your answer is an armed raid? It's my away team you're sending in there. I think there's something you're not telling me, and I have a right to know what it is. That's the official record. Are you saying that's not the truth? You did what? And that decision plunged them into forty years of civil war. Karnas could have worked for peace during those years instead of continuing the war. It's not all on your head, Admiral. Revenge. That's why he demanded you when he knew that you were still alive. Belay that. Admiral, your proper place is on the Bridge. The Admiral is correct, Number One. He has that right. But I am the Captain of this ship, and I have a right to accompany him. Riker, you're in command of the Enterprise. Energise. [Tunnel] (It is spacious, good high ceiling with light streaming through, curved concrete walls) No doubt you're right, Mister Data. However, forty five years ago, I'm sure it linked in with the tunnels the Admiral remembers. (They arrive at the dead end) Geordi? Reset phasers to stun. (A phaser beam just misses them) Take cover! (Armed soldiers appear. Every one ducks behind convenient barrels and suchlike. Tasha gets in front of Picard. Jameson stands exposed) Thank you, Mister Data. I have heard the sound before. (Tasha takes out two soldiers, then Jameson cries in pain) Enterprise, this is Picard. Six to beam up, now! [Bridge] Sickbay. Not good is a galactic understatement. Karnas, this is Picard. I'm sorry to inform you the Admiral is critically ill. Picard. I'm on my way. [Turbolift] Sickbay. [Sickbay] What is it, Doctor? Picard here. It means almost certain death for you, Admiral. Number One, inform Karnas we'll be beaming down in less than five minutes. You have your orders, Number One. [Bridge] Karnas, this is Admiral Mark Jameson. Doctor! He is the Admiral, Karnas. Before he left on this mission, he administered an overdose of an alien de-aging drug to himself. He wanted to face you with strength again, on even terms. This is what the drug has done to him. As I understand it, Karnas, you were the one who demanded the weapons to avenge your father's death. Enterprise, this is Picard. Have Mrs. Jameson prepare to beam down. Karnas, I asked Doctor Crusher to bring with her the visual records we've made of Admiral Jameson's deterioration. Will you look at them? Just a few moments. You saw the Admiral on the Enterprise when he was en route to Mordan? And you recognised him? Is this the man you saw? (picture of old Jameson on a small screen) He's here, Karnas. Look. Once he took the compound there was no way to stop it. (Anne beams down and goes straight to Jameson and Crusher) You'll have to deal with me, Karnas. Whatever you wanted from Jameson isn't possible any more. And you wanted revenge. You blamed your war on him, and there's no doubt he had a lot to do with it. But you had the weapons and you used them. You could have tried for negotiations for peace on your planet long ago. Instead you chose to fight. How many of those forty years of civil war are on your head, Karnas? Forty five years ago he made the wrong decision. He wanted to come here to somehow right it, to atone for what he did. Now all he can do is to give himself up to you. He brought this retribution on himself. Can you ease the pain? (Crusher shakes her head) The hostages have been freed by Karnas, unharmed, and the body of Admiral Mark Jameson has been buried on Mordan, at the request of his widow and by the permission of Karnas. The quest for youth, Number One. So futile. Age and wisdom have their graces too. I hope not, Number One. Mister La Forge, prepare to take us out of orbit. Set course for Isis Three.
Acknowledged, Number One. Commander Riker, report to the Phaser Range, please I was wondering if you had any feelings about the Officer Exchange Programme initiated by Starfleet Command. Well, that's a Benzite trait. It's been suggested that an officer from the Enterprise might participate in the programme. Well, there is a Klingon vessel in the area. No, no, neither have I. Having Worf on board certainly has been. I thought of asking for a volunteer. (missing a target) Damn. Sorry, Number One, what was that? Any particular reason? I'll notify Starbase of your acceptance They'll contact the Klingon vessel, make the arrangements. Captain's log, stardate 42506.5. We have departed from Starbase one seven nine and are headed for a rendezvous with the Klingon vessel, Pagh. I have informed the staff of Commander Riker's temporary assignment. [Corridor] Well, I'm familiar with the practice of the feast before the transfer. I've done it dozens of times. However, I usually made more palatable choices. Thank you. We know so little about them. There really is so much to learn. This is a great opportunity. I envy you, Mister Riker. (Another tray of dishes arrives, and Riker tucks in while Picard leans back and Pulaski wrinkles her nose) [Corridor] Hailing frequencies. On viewscreen. I'm Captain Picard of the Enterprise. We are preparing to do so. And, Captain, you're getting a fine officer. Transporter, prepare to beam Commander Riker aboard the Pagh. Mister Data, you have the Bridge. Resume course, Mister Crusher. Take over, Commander Data, I'll be in observation. Yes, of course. Good to have you aboard. Yes, of course you do. You have an excellent record. However, here on the Enterprise we use the chain of command. You will report your observations to Lieutenant Worf. No need to apologise, Ensign. We should have explained it better to you at your indoctrination. (Picard leaves) Target that location and define. Analyse. Origin. And whom did you inform? And I think that falls into this category. It is our procedure, Ensign, to notify command of any possibility of danger to the ship. The decision is not yours. Do you understand? Now, you will continue with your analysis and determine the danger, not only to our ship, but the Klingon vessel also. Use whatever resources are necessary. It appears we may have encountered a new life form. I want to know everything about it as quickly as possible. Commander Data, supervise. And the Klingon ship, the Pagh? Projection. Signal them at once. They could be unaware of the danger. They may need our help. Change course to intercept. Find them. [Pagh Bridge] Continue transmitting. Conduct an intensive scan of the area. [Pagh Bridge] Yes, go ahead, Ensign. But can they be removed from the hull? Thank you, Ensign. Well done. Initiate that procedure . Lieutenant, add that information to hailing messages. Agreed. Make it so, Lieutenant. Chief O'Brien, lock onto that transponder signal. [Transporter room] We may have to stretch it. [Transporter room] We have to know what's going on [Bridge] And Commander Riker is the only one who can tell us. Beam him directly here onto the Bridge [Transporter room] On my command. Transporter Room, stand by. [Transporter room] You control the shields. Transporter room, energise. [Pagh Bridge] (Captain Kargan is beamed away) You're on board the starship Enterprise. Well that's fine, but where's Commander Riker? [Pagh Bridge] Hold this position. Hailing frequencies. Calling the Pagh. This is the Enterprise. We are here to assist. Do not fire. Pagh, we're here to assist. Do you read me? [Bridge] Lower shields. Surrender, as ordered. Transporter Chief, prepare to beam Captain Kargan back aboard the Pagh. Captain Riker, we can carry out your repairs immediately. Wrong, Number One. It was almost the longest. Well done. Apparently, not when to duck. Welcome aboard, Number One. Now, Lieutenant, conduct the Commander to Sickbay.
It takes very special people to live in such desolation. Lieutenant Yar, hailing frequencies. Velara Three base, this is Captain Picard of the starship Enterprise. (silence) Velara Three base, this is the Enterprise. Come in please. Over. Velara Three base, do you copy? (A middle-aged man with a slight East European accent. Everyone say Hi! to General Gogol from the James Bond films) Terraform Command has asked us to see how you were getting along. Your staff is all well, I presume, Director? If there anything we can do to help? You and your staff are welcome aboard for a change of scene, rest. Of what? (channel open) Director Mandl, we've heard of your remarkable achievements in terraforming. My crew would very much appreciate looking around. We would require no special attention. Well, whether he wants us or not. (channel open) Director Mandl, unless you're absolutely refusing permission for us to land at your station, prepare to receive our away team. Counsellor, perhaps you'd better go along as well. Someone that tense could be very unpredictable. Stay on your toes, Number One. [Control room] (The team beam into the Terraforming base control room) Situation report, Number One. Keep me informed. Be specific. [Control room] Get him out of there! [Control room] Away team, now. What is happening? [Hydraulics room] I'm going to beam him out of there. None at all, Mister Mandl. Until this is sorted out, I've provided temporary quarters for you and your staff. Perhaps you'd like to make use of them. Mister Mandl, an attack on one of my crew gives me the right. Your schedule is on hold, until I have a satisfactory explanation of this. Director Mandl. Lieutenant Yar, would you escort the Director to his quarters. Go on with your report. Certainty? Or speculation? And so the question becomes not who, since it clearly was one of the three remaining terraformers. The question becomes why? What are they hiding? What could be so important that one or all of them, could be desperate enough to kill? Not yet. [Bridge] Malencon? Good. Data, I want you and Geordi to return for more careful inspection. Evidence of tampering, negligence, sabotage, whatever. The answer's there, on the planet. Tasha, I want you to provide Counsellor Troi and me with complete personnel records on our three guests. Psych profiles, training, everything. I'm looking for motive, intent, the psychological capacity to commit one murder and to attempt another. It seems we are becoming detectives, Number One. [Hydraulics room] (It's dark) Would any of those apply here? Well, Doctor, you're charging unknown seas. How do we proceed? What are we looking at? What's that hum? Everyone stand back. (It gets quieter) Yes, we're causing it. Why? Understandable, given this particular life form's novel nature. Doctor Crusher is still making her determination. Mister Mandl, you know the Prime Directive. That's what I have to find out. You're a man obsessed with what you do. Who knows what an obsessed man will do to keep going? Kill, perhaps? What do you think, Counsellor? What about his file, Lieutenant Yar? Could he have accomplished the reprogramming that Data says took place? What about the others? Including the victim. What is it? The hum has gone too. Why? Scanning us? Why? What could it hope to learn? I don't see anything. Translation? From whom? Bridge, this is the Captain. Request emergency power to initiate lab quarantine seal. [Bridge] We have confirmed that Data's discovery is life. But more than that, it is intelligent life. [Bridge] It's trying to communicate with us. Captain's log, supplemental. The inorganic life form from Velara Three has apparently taken over our Medical Lab. [Bridge] Mister La Forge, can we see into the lab yet? Doctor? Continue quarantine. Counsellor, I shall need you. You have the Bridge, Number One. [Observation Lounge] Director Mandl, I put it to you again. What do you know about these life forms? Enough! Sit down, Lieutenant. You are deliberately evasive and it must stop. You have kept information from me since our first communication. An alien life form has taken possession of my Medical Lab. You knew of its existence. It is a life form and it has intelligence. It's trying to communicate with us. When did you first become aware of them? Oh, yes. Do tell us. What did you think it was? All right. At first you dismissed it. But then you began to understand that there was something that was different about them. Your apprehension suggested it, when we first arrived. Tell me about these patterns. Did you ever feel that these patterns were attempting to communicate? Bensen? Patch visual to Observation lounge. (Eight round things with a bar pattern are on the screen) We see it too, Number One. (Static charges flare from the bell jar) Get that seal back up. [Engineering] Bags of mostly water? We didn't hear you. We come in peace. Can you hear us now? (the ship shakes) Mister La Forge? More is stronger. (The ship shakes again) Captain's log, supplemental. We have regained visual contact with the lab, but our attempts to restore communication with this microbrain, as we have come to call it, has been unsuccessful. One thing that is certain, however. This life form has declared war on us. [Bridge] Data, any analysis of those bolts of light it emits? Have we disabled the Medical Lab computer console? Medical Lab on main viewer. Let's use this calm. Tasha, set coordinates to beam it back where it came from. Energise. (They see the transporter effect try to take hold and then be repulsed) Life form or not, intelligent or not , the safety of this ship and everyone aboard her is my primary responsibility. Data, evacuate all the air from the Medical Lab. I want a vacuum there. It has declared a state of war and we are on the defensive. We have no control over our Medical Lab nor our computer. At this moment it has the power to destroy this ship and everybody on it. I need your help. It said you killed some of them. I need to know how. What was Malencon doing when he was killed? Reason enough for anyone to go to war. What can you determine, Mister La Forge? Then what is feeding the damn thing? Meaning? Kill the lights in the medical lab, Mister La Forge. Let's see if darkness will neutralise it. Number One, light. Only if you will talk to us. We have no wish to kill you. We never have. We will end this war, if you will end the war. Agreed. We will send you home to your wet sand. Picard to Riker. Bring up the lights in the lab, just a bit. (he does) Are you better? We mean you no harm. Do you believe me? Good. It is important that you trust us. We understand what you are saying. We will leave you. We will send you home. [Medical lab] In time, Mister Data. When we're better prepared. And respects. Lieutenant Yar. Energise. Captain's log, stardate 41464.8. I have declared an indefinite quarantine for Velara Three, and we are now returning to Starbase with the three surviving terraformers. Perhaps the lesson we have learned from this near tragedy will prevent it from happening elsewhere. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Doctor Crusher, this is the Captain. Additional information. The number of colonists at the site is five hundred and four. Are you prepared for that many, Doctor? Emergency. Full stop. Not now, damn it, Q. If this is Q I'm addressing, we are on a mission of rescue where a group of badly injured However intriguing that may be, we are now in the midst of an urgent journey. Once that is completed, then, perhaps You're no Starfleet Admiral, Q. No, Lieutenant Worf. You'll make no move against him unless I order it. You said you had the realisation of impossible dreams to offer us. When this rescue is completed, I am prepared to listen carefully to whatever proposal you wish to make and subject to it being acceptable Why? At our first meeting you seized my vessel. You condemned all humans as savages, and on that charge you tried us in a post-atomic twenty first century court of horrors, where you attacked my people. You again seized my vessel. You interfered with our Farpoint mission. You threatened to convict us as ignorant savages, if, while dealing with a powerful and complex life forms, we made the slightest mistake, and when that didn't happen Security, this is the Captain. Security? Engineering, this is the Bridge. (Control panels don't operate. Doors don't open) Turbolift Control, do you read? This is the Captain. (But answer came there none) [Planet surface] Captain's log Damn it. I can't even make a log entry. Where is everyone else? Some planet? What are you doing here? A penalty box? Gone? Lieutenant. Tasha, it's all right. Don't worry. There's a new ship's standing order on the Bridge. When one is in the penalty box, tears are permitted. A marshal of France? Ridiculous! So you're taking on Riker this time. Excellent. He'll defeat you just as I did. Against your keeping out of humanity's path for ever. Done? Listen to me, Q. You seem to have some need for humans. Whatever it is, why do you demonstrate it through this confrontation? Why not a simple, direct explanation, a statement of what you seek? Why these games? So he did, but don't depend too much on any single viewpoint World, not galaxy. All the world's a stage. I see. So how we respond to a game tells you more about us than our real life, this tale told by an idiot? Interesting, Q. Oh, no. I know Hamlet. And what he might said with irony, I say with conviction. What a piece of work is man. How noble in reason. How infinite in faculty. In form, in moving, how express and admirable. In action, how like an angel. In apprehension, how like a god. I see us one day becoming that, Q. Is it that what concerns you? [Planet] Lieutenant, take the conn position. Engineering, this is the Bridge. Engineering, are all systems back online? We never did, Lieutenant. Q suspended time. (Worf, Data and Geordi appear) Animal things? Data! Understood, Lieutenant, but I suspect that Commander Riker is probably perfectly safe, at least in a physical sense. Q has an interest in him. In fact, Q's entire visit has something to do with our First Officer. I wish I knew. Q first became interested in him at Farpoint. I have no idea what it means. Meanwhile, we must proceed with our rescue mission. [Planet surface] (Riker is sitting on a rock, laughing) Where is Q? If you have any answer to any of this? (Worf charges to meet their enemy. He knocks two down before being bayoneted in the stomach) Wesley, no! (Wesley gets bayoneted from behind. I confess, I cheered) Wesley! Riker. You! You did that! That grid, their wounds. Only the Q can do that. Captain's log, stardate 41591.4. Twelve minutes out from Quadra Sigma Three where the survivors of an underground disaster desperately need our help. Aboard the Enterprise, First Officer William T. Riker needs help nearly as badly. But this is a subject far out of my experience. Out of any human's experience. [Ready Room] Will. How the hell do I advise you? You know the implications as well as I. What the Q has offered you has got to be close to immortality, Will. They're not lying about controlling space and time. We've seen it in what they can do. If you are going to refuse his offer, you must not allow yourself to use this power again. It's too great a temptation for us at our present stage of development. You tell me. Are you strong enough to refuse to use that power. No matter how tempted? No matter how difficult Q makes it for you? Good. I know what your word means. You were right not to try. Once you became accustomed to that power, Number One. And when you grow to like it too much? As soon as we are secure of this rescue operation, I'll discuss all of this new power (But Riker has already gone to the turbolift) (Later, Riker returns) We can confer here on the Bridge, if no one has any objections. Correction, Number One. Knowing the decision you face, I have permitted you this gathering. Perhaps they're all remembering that old saying. Power corrupts. And have you noticed how you and I are now on a first name basis? Number One, Will, something has happened already. Let's keep in mind that that particular danger was invented by Q. No, we've learned the Q do not admire us. The Q has muddled your mind. Let us do no such damned thing! What is this need of yours for costumes, Q? Have you no identity of your own? You come in search of what humanity is! Don't you see, Riker? He's nothing but a flim-flam man! He's been that ever since we first met him at Farpoint. Obstructing him? Then it's not yet certain. He's not yet committed. In fact I authorise and support your idea, Riker. Please, feel free to cooperate with him if you wish. Quite certain, Data. By all means, demonstrate your gifts of affection. Quite right. So you should. It's all over, Q. You have no further business here. Pay off your wager. I'm sure your fellow Q remember you agreed to never trouble our species again. Just as they're aware you failed to tempt a human to join you. Q, I strongly suspect it's some explaining you have to do now. (Q screams as he disappears. Wesley returns to gangly teenager, the Klingon woman vanishes and everyone is moved to new positions) Extraordinary! Perhaps some day we will discover that space and time are simpler than the human equation. No coordinates laid in, Number One? Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Picard to Counsellor Troi. The pleasure of your company is requested, Counsellor. We're having a little impromptu reception for the arriving delegates. [Troi's quarters] Oh, Counsellor [Ten Forward] Just throw on any old thing. We're about to get our first look at the wormhole. Ah, Counsellor Troi. Will you allow me to do the introductions? This is Premier Bhavani of Barzan. Counsellor Deanna Troi. You know Mister Mendoza, the Federation negotiator. This is a worthy Federation competitors in the bidding, Leyor of the Caldonians. (About eight feet tall with the prosthetic head, it's the same man who played the Predator) Indeed. It will be visible directly ahead. Were you expecting the Ferengi, Premier? Chief O'Brien, this is Captain Picard. Will you beam the Ferengi directly to the Observation lounge? I'm Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise. I'm serving as host for these proceedings. Let me explain. DaiMon, due to the delicate nature of these negotiations, all parties have agreed that one representative would suffice. Now I will be happy to provide your consuls with accommodations and you may have my chair. Premier. (Picard leaves, then lets out a deep sigh) It would take nearly a century at warp nine to cover that distance. Commander Riker conducts masterclasses in poker. Mister Mendoza, if this lives up to its billing, it will be a discovery of extraordinary value. But it is a big if. The Federation could wind up buying a proverbial lemon. Later, Data. Nobody's going in there until we have done a full sensor analysis. I want to do everything possible to determine that it's safe, and when I am satisfied, then you, Data, and Commander La Forge will enter the wormhole tomorrow. [Guest quarters] Premier Bhavani has no objection. I will gladly share the results of our exploration with all the delegates. Tell Data and La Forge to do themselves a favour, and stay out of their way. (Riker leaves) Acknowledged, Doctor. [Sickbay] Will you keep me informed? [Corridor] The Federation's top negotiator taken out by a mysterious ailment. Suspicions? You'll have to fill in, Number One. Well, I'm the designated host. It would be a most awkward transition. You're the next likely choice. And Mister Mendoza will certainly agree. He's quite impressed by your natural instincts. Yes, the stakes are higher. But then, isn't that when the game gets interesting, Commander? [Bridge] Shuttle nine, stand by. [Shuttlepod] Proceed when ready. (both little ships travel down the hole in space) Computer, is the Ferengi Goss still on board the Enterprise? Yellow alert. Hail the Ferengi. Request an explanation of your actions, DaiMon Goss. That is not true. Premier Bhavani welcomed you to these proceedings, despite my better judgment. Destroy it. Goss has fired a missile at the wormhole. [Observation lounge] I need you on the Bridge, Number One. You must know we will not allow you to do this. A missile will have no destructive effect on a wormhole, but if it should explode near the shuttlecraft they will be destroyed. Premier, with all due respect Premier. Stand down red alert. Screen off. On screen. And the Ferengi pod, Commander? Elaborate. [Shuttlepod] Acknowledged, Shuttle. Main shuttlebay, prepare for final approach. Advise him to set his coordinates for the Delta Quadrant. He may run into them in eighty years or so.
On screen. Open a channel. Congratulations, Doctor. This is an amazing achievement. Doctor Jo'Bril, can you hear me? Please respond. Mister Worf, can you beam him out of there? Doctor Jo'Bril, listen to me. It is imperative that you turn the shuttle. Take it out of the corona. Do you understand me? Pilot the shuttle away from the star. Mister Worf, get a lock on him as soon as you can. How's it going? Do you have any idea what it was? Were the solar radiation levels high enough to kill him? Beverly, the answers will come. You know, you've been at this for hours. You might think more clearly if you got a good night's sleep. You're doing it for Doctor Reyga, or yourself? You're the loneliest person in the world right now. No one can say anything, no one can do anything that will help. And you think that it will never go away. And you're right, it won't. But you can get used to it. I know it doesn't feel like that now, but you can. But by your own admission, Reyga was a difficult man to understand. Isn't it possible that he was simply masking his feelings? Do you have any evidence of that? Beverly. I'm afraid there will be no autopsy. The family has already been contacted. They insist that the body must not be touched until they perform the Ferengi death ritual. To the family that's irrelevant. Please believe me, they're adamant. We are scheduled to rendezvous with a Ferengi ship in seventeen hours. They will pick up Reyga's body then. I'm sorry, there will be no autopsy. Then you will have to find evidence some way other than an autopsy. [Morgue] Come. Beverly. What did you find? You most certainly should not. I made it clear to you that the family would not allow it. Not only have you disobeyed my orders, but you've interfered in the burial rituals of another culture. You've put both of us in a very difficult position. The family will have to be notified. I don't doubt that they will react strongly. If the Ferengi government becomes involved, as I'm certain they will, this could have very significant repercussions. I'm not sure how much I can protect you. I'm not surprised. On screen. (a shuttle takes off) Open a hailing frequency. (Beverly's face on the viewscreen) Doctor Crusher, what do you think you're doing? A theory? Return to the ship immediately. Mister Worf, override the shuttle's computer. Return it to the shuttlebay. Mister Data, what is her heading? Beverly, what do you hope to accomplish? But you can't be certain of that. You're betting your life on a hypothesis. Beverly, what's happening? All right, begin a phase one search, starting with the shuttlecraft's last known coordinates. Plot a proximity course toward the star.
Enlarge. What is their course? Identify. Reduce to impulse power. Fully enlarge. (The Ferengi ship is nicely curved) Very impressive design. But that does not mean identical, however. Damage report? Negative, Number One. They're just reacting to our close pursuit. Fall back a bit but stay with them. Open hailing freq. (puzzled) Why are we gaining on them? Don't anticipate. I read that, too. Lieutenant Yar, what do your sensors show? We need more information. What the hell are they are using? Considerably. It appears the Ferengi have us right where they want us. In their sights. Are you searching all frequencies? Any sign of any kind of messages? Weapons report, Lieutenant. Engineering, give me status on power recovery. Engineering, come in. Why aren't they answering? La Forge. Get me a full report from Engineering. Counsellor? It still makes it our move. If so, the question becomes how will they use that knowledge? Data, do you have any information touching this on any file? What kind of traders? Engineering? Join La Forge down below in Engineering, Number One. Without warp capacity, we're just a floating target. I understand the allusion. Colours representing countries at a time when they competed with each other. Red, white and blue for the United States. Whereas the French more properly used the same colours in the order of blue, white and red. That's enough, Data. We're discussing the Ferengi. I wish I had some clue as to what they will do next. Yes, Data, that is a natural assumption. Engineering? [Engineering] I wonder what they're thinking over there. And nothing shameful in a strategic retreat, either. Excellent, La Forge. Now let's, er, let's throw them off guard. Lieutenant Yar. Open hailing frequencies. At least we won't begin with weakness. Attention Ferengi starship! This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise. In the name of the United Federation of Planets, I demand you return the T9 energy converter you removed from Gamma Tauri Four. Send that in all language forms. Sometimes, Riker, the best way to win a fight is not to be there. Glad the Academy's still teaches the strategies of Sun Tzu. This delay had better prove out, LaForge. Let's blast full power into warp nine. Ready? On a count of three. Stand by on phasers. One, set warp to nine. Two, divert shield power to the main engines. Three. (Everything vibrates, but they don't leave) Merde. Shields up. What's wrong? Data, consult the charts on this planet. See what we've got on it. Conference evaluation. [Observation lounge] So, while we still have some power left, it is time for difficult decisions. Opinions please. Impractical and provocative. Even assuming that we have the power to sustain such a tactic. Your point, Counsellor? It's been tried. No response. La Forge? Other opinions? Thank you for your advice. (The staff start to leave) Will? I haven't had your assessment. The only one remaining is the one that needs no conversation. The only one we must avoid. The one that leads to total annihilation. [Bridge] Open hailing frequencies. Attention, Ferengi starship. This is Captain Picard. It is obvious that we are in a situation here which needs resolving, and we are willing to do whatever is required, whatever is necessary. I would like, I would request, that you present your terms to us. Captain's log, stardate 41386.5. It is with a heavy heart that I have offered to meet whatever reasonable and necessary terms are demanded by the Ferengi. I fear for my people and my vessel in the event the unknown Ferengi ask the unreasonable. How can I oppose even unreasonable demands? [Bridge] Ready, but hold on ready. Open hailing frequencies. Ferengi vessel, we are awaiting your response. We'll wait a bit more, Number One. Patience. Patience. Who is speaking? What I said, DaiMon Tarr, is Something has seized their ship too. They're in the same predicament as us. (to Geordi) Launch a sensor probe. Set it to search for the source of whatever this something is that is holding both ships. Go back to hailing frequency, fast. And I regret, DaiMon Tarr, that I can no longer negotiate unless it is conducted visually. And it is against Starfleet orders to accept a surrender otherwise. Do you withdraw your surrender? Agreed, DaiMon Tarr. You should be able to view us now. Are we on your screen? (The face of a humanoid with enormous ears fills the viewscreen. He even has crooked pointed teeth) Your offer may be inadequate, but I will discuss it with my staff. Stand by for further communications. [Observation lounge] (A couple of kids are playing by the Enterprise tableau) Lieutenant, have you launched the probe? Well, if we're not holding the Ferengi and they're not holding us, who the hell is? Data, you were going to show us something. Trillions? I've never heard the word Tkon before. Data, what are you doing? Then get unstuck and continue with the briefing. Continue, Commander. We'll take it here. (The display changes to the planet with streams of energy heading out to both ships) Reaching up from the planet surface. Amazing power. Data, what does the legend say about the end of the Tkon Empire? Could this planet have escaped that? We should take a look at it, Number One. Stand by with an away team. That's a complication. Maybe we should ask them to join us in this. We've been ordered to learn all we can about them. Do you know a better way? Understood. Open hailing frequencies. Ferengi vessel from Enterprise, come in. With regard to the surrender, DaiMon Tarr. The facts are somewhat different. Agreed. Perhaps you would agree to a more productive relationship? He recognises your interest in profit. Or is that an incorrect assumption? We did not attack you. We gave chase in order to recover a Federation-owned energy device which On the contrary, Gamma Tauri Four is recognised by all civilised members of All I'm saying is that you removed something which clearly did not belong to you. On the contrary, I have no wish to discuss issues of property or of territory, when our mutual problem remains. Like it or not, we are both trapped by this energy draining forcefield from the planet. I would like to propose a swap. It's a trade, an exchange. We will tell you what we know about the planet, and in trade, you will give us your information. We must trust each other, Tarr. I propose that we test this relationship by cooperating in a joint exploration of the planet surface. The profit, DaiMon Tarr, of saving all our lives. Agreed. If you care to join us, we have a well-proven transporter device Excellent. We will transmit the information shortly. Enterprise out. I would log that agreement as promising, at least. Take him. And be careful, Number One. [Transporter room] A lot. Even in orbital space it'll get below minus two hundred degrees. Feels like that right now. Good. Thank you. [Planet surface] (Inquisitive fingers remove Geordi's comm. badge. Worf is dragged in to join his colleagues) I've diverted the reserve power to the family decks. They'll last longest. Is there anything else we can do, Doctor? Where's Wesley? You shouldn't. He has the right to meet death awake. Rubbish [Planet surface] (The Ferengi are dodging about like a live 'find the lady' game) Compliments, Lieutenant. Lieutenant Worf. (Geordi and Data enter) You've done well. I commend your performance, Number One. Make it so. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
We cannot make Mister Data our priority. Of course. And if they're moving among humans, they must have taken on human form. But the question is, how do we know who we're looking for? Yes, Mrs. Carmichael. Yes. Ah, yes, er, the rent. Mrs. Carmichael, even now my troupe are in rehearsals for a new production. The play? A Midsummer Night's Dream. We have performed in London, Paris, Milan. Milan. To sold out houses. I assure you, you will have the rent, in full, with a bonus. Replacing the burners. City ordinance. Makes it safer in case of earthquake. Well, that's takes care of this ward. Time to be moving on. (Picard leaves) We'll be on our way. Let's go. [Infirmary street] (as the team come onto the street, a carriage careers around the corner) Agreed. Get us out of here. (the cops come running, blowing their whistles) [Rented room] We need someone to read a part. You're just in time. Now, Mrs. Carmichael Right there. Well, I don't think I need to hear any more. That was truly unique. Ladies and gentlemen, I think we have found our Titania. Don't you agree? (a round of applause) Well, there you are. We start rehearsals tomorrow. (Picard kisses her on both cheeks, and she turns into a simpering girl) [Data's hotel room] (Guinan is pacing when Data enters) Very well. Not yet. But you will. [Infirmary street] If we can get back there and destroy that site, it might put an end to their time travelling. We have no choice but to try. Follow him! (Riker, Geordi, Crusher, Troi do so, then Clemens as Picard checks on Guinan. The portal closes.) [Devidia cavern] Gently. Don't sit up too quickly. I hope they're all safely back on the Enterprise by now. You were hurt. I had to make sure you were all right. I didn't want anything to happen to you. You're far too important to me. Believe me, in the future the tables will be turned. It goes far beyond friendship. No. Because for me, none of this will have happened yet. That's history fulfilling itself. [Ten Forward] Can you communicate? You're injured. You hunt us. You kill us. We cannot allow that. Perhaps we can find a substitute. We know how you move back and forth through time. My crew have returned to the twenty fourth century to destroy your transport site on Devidia Two. I'm going to get help. We have to get you out of here. No, you need help. Now you have to get help. Guinan needs medical attention. And there is a bill to be settled at Mrs. Carmichael's boarding house. Thank you. I wish, I wish time would have allowed me to know you better. And I'll see you in a few minutes. [Bridge] He has indeed, Commander. And believe me, it's good to be back.
Thank you, Number One. Well done. And well done all. [Corridor] Granted. Welcome. Commander Riker. (The group head down the corridor, including a pair of 'mirror image' small humanoids) No. We are very pleased with the operation of the Enterprise. Your reputation precedes you. I'm very pleased you're going to be improving our system. You have forty eight hours, because at forty eight plus six we have an appointment at Pelleus Five we must keep. I'm sorry. This mission can't be delayed. If you want to postpone the work? Commander Riker and I will stay on board, be available should you need us. As I understand it, over time they have become so interconnected with the master computer on their planet that their language, their thought patterns have become as close to binary as it's possible for organic beings. Bridge. Well, I have a little work to finish up, then I'm going to my cabin. I'm going to put my feet up, I'm going to turn on my personal relaxation light and I'm going to lose myself in the pages of some old novel. What about you, Number One? You've earned a rest. I'll be in my ready room. And Number One, good work. Everything under control, Ensign Crusher? Where's Commander Riker? No, I'll go down there myself. Keep me apprised. Astounding. Oh, I'm sorry, Number One. I didn't mean to interrupt. You picked a wonderful locale. This is something I might have chosen myself. Incroyable! Vous etes Parisienne? Oui, au fond, nous sommes tous Parisiens. The spirit of that city can always enchant my soul. Oh. Have I been the subject of conversation? Thank you. At the moment, it's you who are setting the tone. The sophistication of this programming is remarkable. The holodeck has been able to give us woodlands and ski slopes, figures that fight and fictional characters with which we can interact, but you, you're very different. You adapt. You spoke to me in French. That's very impressive. She's so very different from the images we've experienced on the holodeck, isn't she? She's more intuitive. I suppose it's an understandable progression. Computers make decisions based on inputs and we humans give off a multitude of subtle signs that communicate our emotions. Doesn't love always begin that way? With the illusion being more real than the woman? Well, I think I'll be leaving. Two's company. This is your diversion, Number One, not mine. I don't dance. No, thank you. Exit! (The holodeck doors open and they seen and hear the Red Alert. Picard goes to the arch controls) Captain to Bridge. Situation report. Computer, explain Red Alert. Why wasn't I notified? Present condition? Locate Lieutenant Commander Data. Explain. Evacuated? Was the condition that critical? Position report. Destination? Am I to understand the Bynars have stolen the Enterprise? It's the Bynars, and you're part of this. That explains, Riker. What about me? What do they want with the Enterprise? What's their purpose? Come on, Number One. We've got to regain control of our ship. [Starbase Command Centre] (to computer) Picard. Access. (Picard and Riker enter the Weapons Room) Captain's log, supplemental. We now know who has commandeered the Enterprise. The Bynars. We can't communicate with the Bridge. Commander Riker and I will now try to regain control of our ship. [Corridor] This way. That's our first stop. Verify containment and initiate auto-destruct. Our ship has been commandeered by a force of unknown size and intent. We're here alone. We must assume the worst. [Engineering] If we don't regain control, then no one else must have it either. Now, this is the one decision involving the operation of this vessel which requires you and I to be in total agreement. As to that, there's no option. That's sufficient to get to the Bridge. Once there, either we'll get control of the ship and shut off the auto-destruct, or we won't. This vessel must not fall into hostile hands. Set auto-destruct sequence. The only place we can stop this is on the Bridge. Let's go. (Riker spots strange symbols flashing across a wall display) An enormous amount of data is being received and stored in the main computer. It's another piece to of puzzle. [Outside Turbolift] They've locked it off. We must find another way to get in. No, it takes several seconds to materialise. You wouldn't stand a chance. No, we'll both beam in simultaneously in two different areas of the Bridge. With luck one of us will be a distraction. Set coordinates for main Bridge. Port forward for me and aft for you. Set phasers on stun. Number One, good luck. [Bridge] (Picard and Riker beam in but there is no resistance. The four Bynars are lying propped up against each other, and do not seem well) Why did you steal my ship? Cancel auto-destruct. They appear dead. Let's see if we can get some answers from Bynaus. What about all the people in that world who are totally dependant on their computer? Are they still functioning? They went to an awful lot of trouble to clear computer space. Let's see what they've stored. Maybe they did. Maybe. [Bourbon Street Bar] (Minuet comes back to 'life' when they arrive at the table) So their only choice was to transfer all the stored information and shut down until after it passed. And then reactivate their system and transfer the information back to this main computer. So what went wrong? Why are they dying? Why didn't they say something? Why didn't they just ask for help? Is there anything we can do? They wouldn't intentionally hide it or make it difficult for us to find. It must be right in front of our faces. Starbase 74, this is the Enterprise. Do you read me? [Starbase Command Centre] We'll go into that later. Right now I must speak to Lieutenant Commander Data. Data, the Bynars have stored an enormous amount of material in our computer. We need to access it. We can't. [Starbase Command Centre] Yes, I know that, Data, but what could it be? [Starbase Command Centre] They want us to find it. They would have kept it simple. [Starbase Command Centre] (pointing at the pile of Bynars) Would they have kept it that simple? Try it. Picard out. (The computer searches the combinations of 1 and 0 to get to 11001001) Now access the file. Start the transfer. (Access denied) Let me get on the other position. The Bynars always work in pairs. Maybe that is also required. It appears to be successful. Their system's started up. A resident diagnostic programme is running. Their system is absolutely incredible. (The Bynars wake up, get up and access the nearest console) Why didn't you just ask for our help? (They discuss it amongst themselves) So you stole it. No one has been hurt. You have achieved your objective. You have your planet back in order. We have our ship. Well, it's been some time since I had the conn. But not to worry, Number One, you're in good hands. Starbase 74, warp two. Engage. Everything's under control. [Starbase Command Centre] We're fine. Everything is in order. But now, I want a complete check, all systems, all divisions. Turn them over to Quinteros. There will be a hearing. Permission granted. [Bourbon Street Bar] Maybe it was all part of the Bynar's programming. But you know, Number One, some relationships just can't work.
An ancient trail along the Kabul River in the Himalayas. It's a wonderful programme. Will, it would do you good to have a little fresh holodeck air. Nonsense. We programme an appropriately docile steed Of what, Lieutenant? Ensign Allenby, full stop. Let's investigate both possibilities. (meanwhile, a suffering Troi finally passes out) Captain's log, stardate 44356.9. Sensor diagnostics have been completed and indicate that all systems are normal. There remains no explanation for the images which appeared in our path. [Bridge] Ensign, prepare to resume course to T'lli Beta. Mister Data, what velocity would put us back on schedule? Stand ready at warp six, Ensign. Engage. (there's a jolt, and red alert comes on) Back to full stop, Ensign. Damage? Picard to La Forge. If your engines are functioning we'll attempt to break free. [Engineering] Ensign, bring us around ninety degrees to starboard. One quarter impulse, engage. One half impulse. Full impulse. Rotate heading in five degree increments. Make it so, Ensign. Mister Worf, what is your analysis? Can there be an intelligence at work here? Counsellor, do you sense a lifeform out there? It's alright, Counsellor. Perhaps there's nothing out there to sense. Are they a lifeform? Fascinating. So many questions. How can a two-dimensional entity have access to a three-dimensional universe? And are they aware of us? Number One, if we can put off the T'lli Betans, I would like to investigate this further as soon as we're free of the graviton field. No one suggested otherwise, Counsellor. Mister Data, try to isolate any signal patterns from the cluster. Perhaps there'll be a basis for communication. Mister La Forge, we'll attempt your warp jump as soon as you're prepared. That'll be all. Counsellor (but she's already out of the door) [Sickbay] That's perfectly understandable. Resign? Deanna, I've been fortunate to have access to your Betazoid abilities. Most starship captains have to be content with a human counsellor. Empathic awareness is not a requirement of your position. I'm sure that after a while you'll be able to adjust. They say when one loses a sense, the other senses become stronger to compensate. A blind man develops better hearing. There was a teacher of mine at the Academy who had been confined to a wheelchair since birth. She was a woman Mister La Forge, go to warp. Disengage all engines. [Engineering] This little nuisance is beginning to lose its fascination. Follow up on it, Mister Data. Input your observations into the Universal Translator. Perhaps the movements themselves are an attempt at communication. [Ten Forward] Must we destroy them to save ourselves? Nevertheless. Make it so. Proceed, Mister Worf. Fire another volley directly into their field, Mister Worf. Come. Yes, Counsellor. Sit down, please. Our situation has become critical. The cluster remains completely unresponsive. We have not been able to alter its course toward the cosmic string fragment. Less than five hours. Which is why I have called you. All that remains is the possibility of communication. There might be some way that we can warn them of their impending destruction. He has tried every technical means at our disposal to reach them. If there is a psychology to these creatures, we must discover it. If there is an explanation for their behaviour, we must know what it is. Even in your current condition, you are the most qualified person aboard this ship to assist. Data is in Observation attempting to formulate a strategy. I want you to join him. Deanna, we need you. Captain's log, supplemental. If our speed and course remain unchanged, in one hour the Enterprise will be torn apart by the gravitational forces of the cosmic string fragment. [Observation lounge] How do you simulate a cosmic string? It has the gravitational force of a hundred stars. How much time do we have, Mister Worf? Make it so. (less than twenty three minutes later) Let's try turning up the volume. Increase the intensity, Mister Data. Mister La Forge, get us out of here.
Doctor Stubbs, if you would like to make one final inspection of the unit. Begin launch sequence. Stabilise. Engineering. [Engineering] Report, Mister La Forge. Shields up. Manual override on shields. Reverse impulse engines. [Engineering] Our momentum is still carrying us into the path of the stellar matter. Computer, explain control malfunction. Run a level one diagnostic series. Come. I want a computer that's one hundred percent to expedite Doctor Stubbs' experiment. As well as the food slots in Sickbay. Picard out. What can I do for you, Doctor? Inhibited, I suppose. But then, I'm not Wesley. And if you are concerned about him, I see no evidence that there is a problem. Beverly, isn't it just a matter of time? I know how difficult it was for you being away. Well, he's becoming a very fine officer. He works as hard as any member of the crew. Riker says his studies are on line. He's his father's son. Honest, trusting, strong. His dependence. Beverly, look, he's seventeen years old. Probably getting into more trouble than Wesley, I can assure you. Still no visual contact. That's impossible. Mister Worf, same magnification fifty degrees starboard. Evasive action. Predict current vector of Borg ship. You're telling me this is another computer glitch? Computer, identify malfunction immediately. Mister La Forge, I want Lieutenant Worf to accompany you. Get me a full report on the prospects of getting our shields back. Number One, Mister Data, will you join me in the conference room as soon as possible. It's time to discuss the future of this mission, if there still is one. [Observation lounge] The fact of the matter is, we are dealing with a potential breakdown of the main computer. Of course, Doctor. Sit down. Counsellor. Commander La Forge is attempting repairs even as we speak. Doctor, if at all possible, we will continue this mission as planned. Nevertheless, my first and foremost consideration will be to ensure the safety of this ship and its crew. My dear Doctor, in our current position, when that star explodes, you'll get to watch your experiment from the inside out. I don't believe you speak for the majority of the crew. Even my sensory perception picked that up. Proceed. What in heaven's name? Yes, yes, I know that. Shut off the power to the Bridge. (The lights go out, and the music stops) Commander La Forge, can you get us out of this star system safely? Do it gently. But do it. The priority is to find out who or what is doing this. Number One, the Bridge, such as it is, is yours. [Shuttlebay] School project? Just how far have these things evolved? How many generations are we dealing with here? Can it be possible they know what they're doing? Doctor Stubbs, we cannot exterminate something that may or may not be intelligent. There's still time. Ensign, will you work with mister Data to try to remove them safely. If things get worse, we'll use stronger measures. [Computer core] I can't get the story of Gulliver out of my head. Overpowered by Lilliputians. How long do we have to wait? Do you smell a change? What? (coughs) [Bridge] (The Bridge is filling with opaque gas) Picard to La Forge. We have an environmental system malfunction on the Bridge. Acknowledge. Mister Worf, report. Doctor Stubbs, if you were a member of my crew, sir, I would If any man, woman or child on this ship is harmed as a result of your experiment, I will have your head before the highest command in the Federation. Lieutenant Worf, I want Doctor Stubbs confined to his quarters until further notice. (Stubbs leaves with a guard, and the light come back) Mister Data, can you find me some way to communicate with these things? Proceed. [Stubbs' quarters] I cannot believe this was not an arbitrary attack. Commander Riker. On my signal, we will gamma-irradiate all computer systems throughout the Enterprise. Let's put an end to this conflict. Can we actually talk to them yet? Commander Riker, bring Doctor Stubbs to the Bridge. [Corridor] Tell them the human who destroyed their comrades is here and wishes to address them. You, sir, you will explain your error and apologise, and pray that we can negotiate a peace we can all live with. Is that clear? How can we be sure we can get them out of you? All right, Data. Propose it to the nanites. Proceed. (The little things enter through his finger tips. Possessed Data stands and looks around, then speaks in a machine intonation) In our travels, we have encountered many other creatures, perhaps even stranger-looking than ourselves. But we try to co-exist peacefully with them. We misinterpreted your actions as an attack on us. Yes, but you endangered this vessel in which we all travel. You nearly killed a crewmember. I understand. We are also explorers. We mean no harm to any other living creature. He asks your forgiveness. This conflict was started by mistakes on both sides. Let's agree to end it here and now. I pledge we will do everything possible to assist your continued survival. Doctor? (He's far too busy to answer) [Ten forward]
Data. (Data explains the wall monitor display) How long will it take to complete a level one search? I agreed. All right then. Mister Worf, initiate your search pattern. Let's head in. [Engineering] (La Forge is doing something with a device to the dilithium crystals) On screen. What about life signs? Mister Worf, open a hailing frequency. Make it so. Mister Worf, have tractor beams standing by. We may have to take them under tow. Helm, take us within tractor range. Shields up. (the Enterprise gets hit) Target their weapons array only. Fire. Damage report. But why would they attack us in the first place? Mister La Forge, how are you coming with that comm. link? Open a channel. (a fuzzy viewscreen image that La Forge cleans up) This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise. Will you please explain why you attacked us? DaiMon, your ship was adrift, your communications inoperative. We were attempting to assess your status. DaiMon, clearly there has been some misunderstanding. I think it would be in all interests if you were to come aboard and we discuss this situation. In that case, we'll be on our way. I'll relay your position to your government if you wish, in case you're unable to complete your repairs and you remain stranded. The Federation established this corridor to ensure safe access through this sector. We have nothing to gain from mining it. DaiMon, if we assigned an Engineering team to assist you with your repair efforts, would that give you time to retrieve your logs? What's the origin of this debris field? Could it be what's left of the Fleming? All right, let's take a closer look. Perhaps we can find something that will give us a more positive identification. Helm, take us through the debris field, ahead slow. Shields up! Full reverse. Now! (a sound, then the lights dim) Damage report. On screen. Can we get more power to the shields? You have made a very serious accusation. I want you to explain it. If you wanted us to review your research, you should have made a request through the Science Council. Mister La Forge, how long do you estimate it will take to restore the engines? Because of the seriousness of your claim, I'm willing to listen to your case. But let there be no mistake. Our priority here is the recovery of the Fleming. Now I expect you to help us restore our engines and deactivate all of the remaining probes in the Corridor. If you do not, you will both be taken to the brig and from there to the nearest Starbase, where you will answer charges for what you have done. We will. It is part of our job to retain an open mind, even under these circumstances. Mister La Forge, take them to Engineering. Get the core back online. Mister Data, I want you to review their research. I'd like your report as soon as possible. [Engineering] It's like pacing up and down on the same piece of carpet. Eventually you wear it out. Can this theory be proven? Go ahead, Number One. What's their condition? Very well. [Stellar Cartography] We'll be underway as soon as our engines are online. I would like you all to put together a research proposal for the Science Council. I'll give it my full recommendation. Very good. Helm, lay in a course for the Fleming. Doctor, what is going on? Mister Worf, open a channel. Report! Mister Data, what's your analysis? Can you get a fix on the Fleming? Is she still in one piece? Doctor, is it possible for a ship to survive in there? Doctor. I'm sorry about your loss but we need your help now. Does the rift pose any danger to the Fleming? What about the Fleming? How long can they survive in there? I want some better options. Data, Geordi, take Doctor Rabal and begin an analysis of the rift. We need to find some way to get the Fleming out of there. Second Officer's log, stardate 47312.1. Our new sensor readings have greatly improved our understanding of the rift. However, we have been unable to find any way to counteract it. [Stellar Cartography] Begin your calculations, Mister Data. We'll go as soon as you're ready. Mister La Forge, whenever you're ready. How long until we reach the Fleming? I know, Mister Data. Can we establish communication? How long until we reach transporter range? Report. A distortion wave. Is everyone off the Fleming? All right, Mister La Forge, get us out of here. [Engineering] Engage deflector shield. Full power. (whumph) [Engineering] What went wrong, Mister La Forge? Helm, full impulse. Head us out of the rift. Mister Worf, channel all available power to the structural integrity fields. Stand by deflector shield. [Engineering] Engage deflector shield, now. (and they start paddling hard to catch this wave. Whumph) How much longer until we clear the rift? Cancel red alert. Captain's log, stardate 47314.5. We have been continuing our research, while the Federation Council studies our preliminary reports on the subspace rift. It now appears certain that what we've seen here will have repercussions for many years to come. [Observation lounge] Doctor Rabal? Thank you, Doctor, Mister La Forge. (a crewman hands Picard a PADD) Ah. We've received new directives from the Federation Council on this matter. Until we can find a way to counteract the warp field effect, the Council feels our best course is to slow the damage as much as possible. Therefore, areas of space found susceptible to warp fields will be restricted to essential travel only, and effective immediately all Federation vessels will be limited to a speed of warp five, except in cases of extreme emergency. The Federation's sharing all our data with warp-capable species. We can only hope that they realise it's in their own interests and take similar action. The Federation is setting up a weather control matrix on Hekaras Two. It's only a temporary solution, but it should suffice for now. If there are no more questions, you're all dismissed. (all but Geordi leave) Very well. You know, Geordi, I spent the better part of my life exploring space. I've charted new worlds, I've met dozens of new species. And I believe that these were all valuable ends in themselves. Now it seems that all this while, I was helping to damage the thing that I hold most dear.
Could your friend have returned to the starbase without telling you? An emergency of some sort? By all means check the trace log. But even if the results are negative, contact Starbase Command. We should leave nothing to chance. One moment, Doctor. I'm sure you are aware of the procedure involving passengers. I was not informed either. Then it must have been intercepted before it reached me. Doctor Quaice had been stationed at the starbase for some time? Perhaps it would be prudent to find out if he'd acquired any enemies there. [Bridge] Thank you, Number One. Mister Data? You said he was stationed there for six years. Mister Worf? Then it appears, for reasons unknown, someone has gone to great pains to erase all traces of this man. Did they come aboard with Doctor Quaice? As O'Brien didn't remember Doctor Quaice. Go ahead, Ensign. On my way. [Bridge] Progress, Number One? Mister Worf, check hull and shield integrity for any sign of intruders. Then give me a Level One diagnostic of any onboard sensors, and run a manual sweep of any anomalous airborne or electromagnetic readings. I want some answers. [Engineering] I've read your reports. Are you suggesting that a bubble could have made Doctor Quaice disappear? Was Doctor Quaice in Engineering during your experiment? And the bubble never expanded beyond Engineering? Then how could it have trapped Doctor Quaice or the others? I doubt the warp bubble could alter computer records, or erase memories. Keep at it, Ensign, Mister La Forge. It's our only working theory for now. [Bridge] Has something else happened? Doctor, may I see you in my Ready room? [Ready room] Would you care for something? So, Beverly. Tea, Earl Grey, hot. You're saying this ship has lost nearly eight hundred of its personnel? None of the scans show any anomalies. No signs of an intruder. Wesley's experiment clearly did not have the scope to affect an entire starship. I have no choice but to believe you. The safety of my entire crew is at stake, but I must be sure. Did you find anything that might suggest why you're apparently the only one among us unaffected by this, this phenomenon? It wouldn't do any harm. Mister Riker? Set a course for a return to Starbase one three three immediately. Your word has always been good enough for me. [Sickbay] (There's a flashing light, then a strong wind starts sucking Beverly towards a funnel. She holds onto a doorway arch as bits of paper go flying past. Then it all stops) [Observation lounge] Is there any possible connection with Mister Crusher's experiment? Could this warp bubble be floating around the ship perhaps? Thank you, Mister Data. Have security confine all nonessential personnel to their quarters. Computer, go to Red Alert. (Riker leaves) I'm sorry, whom did you say? You know, Doctor, I have been more than fair. I have done everything I can to substantiate your, your perceptions of a I cannot find any evidence of a Will Riker. Doctor, we'll be arriving at Starbase one three three in a few hours. Beverly, perhaps it would be best if you were to confine yourself to Sickbay until we arrive. We've never needed a crew before. I give you my word. When we arrive at the Starbase, I will make every effort to find him. How? Until I disappear. All right. Computer, continuous scan, Captain Jean-Luc Picard, vital signs. Audible readout. Begin now. Vividly. But if I have forgotten my closest friends and comrades, as you say, I deserved every word. Is she alive? Slow to ten metres per second. I'll be in Engineering. [Engineering] Beverly! One thousand and fourteen, including your guest, Doctor Quaice.
She's a, the doll's my cousin. I'm sorry about this Gu, Gloria. I didn't actually mean you to get involved. She knows nothing about this, Johnny. (Johnny gestures her to raise her hands) Don't listen to him, Gloria. He's lying. It's a mystery. Who was this man? Who killed him? Where's the money he was talking about? It's a mystery. Now, we have to go search for clues. That's fun. A forty eight Packard with white walls. Damn it, I couldn't get the license plate. It's all right, Madeline, I'll take it in here. (picks up the phone) Yes, what is it? I appreciate your concern, Commander Data. What can I do for you? [Bridge] Well, there's nothing unusual about that. [Bridge] That is unusual. Well, thank you, Mister Data. Procedures require that we investigate. Recall the bridge crew and set in a course. I'm sorry, Gloria, but there is a twenty-fourth century mystery I have to investigate. You are very welcome to carry on, if you like. A wormhole? Agreed, Number One. Ensign, take us a course Data. Apparently so. How long were we unconscious? You were not affected? Thank you, Mister Data. Well, where the hell are we? Proceed. Go ahead, Doctor. The Enterprise just jumped through a wormhole. [Bridge] Apparently we were all unconscious for about thirty seconds. There's little or no damage on the Bridge, Doctor. [Sickbay] Ship's status? Counsellor? Are you all right? Well, not too bad, all things considered. There's still the anomalous M-class planet we were going to investigate. Do we go back? Make it so. [Sickbay] (O'Brien has a bad elbow) Readings, Data? On screen. (the planet is green) Mister Data, run a full diagnostic to make sure the wormhole didn't permanently damage the sensors. Ensign, take us back on a course Problem, Number One? No, no, we don't have time for that. We've encountered a minor mystery, one that has been solved to my satisfaction. Number One, unless there's a major objection, then Ensign McKnight should put us back on course for Evadne Four. Ensign. Come. (Crusher enters with her modules) A minor mystery?. That seems to be a recurring phrase these days. Oh, Diomedian scarlet moss. I didn't know you were an enthnobotanist. You've got a good crop here. As I recall, it's not easy to cultivate. Correct. Perhaps you've got some sort of fast growth strain. Doctor, we were not unconscious for a full day. Everything on board indicates that we were out for thirty seconds. The ship's chronometer, the computer, everything, Doctor, including Commander Data. Thank you, Data. An intriguing hypothesis. Well, perhaps we've got a tempest in a test tube, after all. Data, I promised Mister Nelson that you would assist him with the sensor diagnostic. You'll find him hard at work on deck thirty six. Do you believe him? I want a frank answer, Commander. I'm not sure, Mister Worf. I have never known Data to tell a lie, and yet. It could be that whatever caused this situation also affected Data. And it could be that he's telling the truth and that this is all just a minor mystery. Doctor, Commander, make it so. Meanwhile, we will maintain our present course. If there is something wrong with Data, we don't want him to be aware of our suspicions. [Engineering] What is it, Doctor? I'm on my way to Engineering. Join me. [Corridor] The internal clock. And were they? If that's the good news, what's the bad news? That is an understatement, Data. Is it possible that someone or something could have affected you without your knowing? Data, would you consent to being examined by Commander La Forge? Will you escort Commander Data to Engineering? And? I was almost hoping that you'd find a problem. This entire mystery started when our sensors detected that planet. First it was class-M, now it isn't. Data launched that probe. What happened to us in that missing day? Surely there must be some clues. Each of us should try and think what we were doing just before we blacked out. Reenact it if you have to. (Troi gasps and grabs the rail) Deanna, are you all right? Perhaps Sickbay would be a better idea. Will you see the Counsellor to her quarters? Is she all right? What happened, Deanna? Go ahead, Geordi. I'm on my way. [Sickbay] Do you recognize this planet, Data? Strange, that an obscure planet several hundred light years from here should be picked up by the probe. Data, did you take this image from the ship's library and programme the probe to send it back to us? But you don't deny it. Mister La Forge, will you send another probe to the T-tauri system? Counsellor Troi just had a very disturbing hallucination. For the moment. Can you tell me if Deanna's incident is related in any way to this missing time period? Data, you're the key to this entire mystery and you've done nothing but block my every attempt to solve it. Why are you fighting me? What do you mean by that? Would you rather endanger Deanna, a friend and a colleague, than tell me what is going on?! Are you saying that by not cooperating, you are actually protecting us? Then, Mister Data, I'm going to ask you again, and I order you to directly answer me. What really happened to us? What would you have me do, Data? How would you handle this if our positions were reversed? Do you know what a court martial would mean? Your career in Starfleet would be finished. Do you also realise that you would most likely be stripped down to your wires to find out what the hell has gone wrong? During the missing day? Are you suggesting he was conscious? And our memories of that day? By whom? I can't accept that explanation. Granted, but I'm beginning to suspect that Commander Data is refusing to co-operate because he believes he is acting in the best interests of the Enterprise. Go ahead, Geordi. Acknowledged. Maybe now we'll get some answers. [Bridge] What do you have, Mister La Forge? The same planet our sensors picked up before the so-called wormhole. That's because there is no a wormhole. There never was. It was a ruse, designed to throw us off the track. Look at the clues. Doctor Crusher's incubation experiment, the computer clock, the transporter trace. All indicate the existence of a missing day. Lieutenant Worf's broken wrist would seem to suggest that we were awake and aware for that day, possibly in a struggle for our lives. Not necessarily, Doctor. Data's behaviour would seem to suggest we did not. Why else would he be willing to sacrifice his career rather than tell the truth? Then the only alternative would be a stalemate. Maybe a compromise might have been reached, a compromise that forced Data into this silence. Possibly, Number One, and I would be prepared to live with the mystery, but Data's role in this must be ascertained or he'll never be trusted with starship duty again. Ensign, take us back to the scene of the crime. The T-tauri system, warp two. (whoosh) Drop to impulse, Ensign. Mister Worf, maximum shields. Ready all weapons. On screen. (it's green) Hold position. Let's see what it does. Let's see what happens when it hits the shields. Well, Data, as you can see, we're back where it all started. Why? Why? What is the source of that risk? The energy field? Data, you sound as if you're stuck in a feedback loop. You certainly can say. You have free will, you have a choice. Not by choice? Are you somehow being controlled by that force? Did Geordi miss something when he examined you? Then why are you compelled to disobey my orders? How? During the missing day, were you contacted by Starfleet? Did they order you to conceal the truth from us? This ship isn't going anywhere. Not until I get an answer. Now who gave you that order? (the possessed Troi enters) I ordered you to lie? Do as Data says. At once. The Paxans. Who are they? No, Worf. We are not invaders. We are explorers. What went wrong this time? Status, Data. Options, Mister Worf? Can we go to warp? No, stop, everyone. Who are you? If you destroy this ship, then others will come in search of us. You may not be able to stop them all. Knowledge of your civilisation would be spread across half the galaxy. Allow us safe passage and I will protect your right to privacy to the best of my ability. We will never tell anyone of your existence. This biochemical stasis, does it suppress synaptic functions? Then you must have the capability of affecting memory. Can you erase the short-term memory of everyone on this ship, remove all knowledge of this event, allow us to proceed as if it had never happened? Data, I'm going to give you a most unusual order. I'm not sure that you will be able to integrate it into your programme. Good, because our survival depends upon it. I am ordering you never to reveal what has happened here today. Not to Starfleet, not to myself. You will conceal your knowledge of the Paxans for as long as you exist. Do you fully understood, Data? Satisfactory? Good. Now, our task is to eliminate from the ship's records any information that might lead to knowledge of this incident. Let's get to work. [Bridge] Here we are again. No. Wait. The plan failed because clues were left behind that suggested a mystery. And to many humans, a mystery is irresistible. It must be solved. The Doctor's incubation experiment, Worf's wrist, Troi's hallucinations. Little pieces of evidence that suggested even more clues. The clock, the transporter trace, Data's odd behaviour. If we eliminate the clues and begin again Yes. Consider the first time a run-through, a rehearsal to shake out the flaws. The second time will succeed if we leave no clues. Welcome back. Counsellor. Geordi, Data, reconfigure the computer and the records. Number One, I want you to oversee the rest of the ship. And this time, let's get it right. (and so it is that much later, Picard finds himself lying on the floor) What happened, Data? So it would seem. How long were we out? It could be worse. The Enterprise went through a wormhole, Doctor. It seems the entire crew was unconscious for approximately thirty seconds. Apparently not. Status reports? Counsellor? Well, then. There's still that anomalous class-M planet we were going to investigate. Ensign, replot a course to take us back to Make it so. And put out a hazard advisory to Starfleet. Ensign, set a course to Evadne Four. Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Report. Are you certain? Yes, of course you are. Picard here. But there were eighty people on that ship, Number One. Give me a theory, Doctor. Anything. Madness? Mass hysteria? Delusion? All right. Let's bring the away team back. Set the transporter to maximum decontamination, and then full examination and observation when they're here. [Sickbay] Picard here. Go ahead, Doctor. Do we have a problem, Doctor? [Crusher's office] Affirmative. Make it a ship-wide search, Lieutenant. [Crusher's quarters] (Geordi is with Wesley, who is showing off his latest device by floating a chair around the room) Take the helm, Mister Crusher. Set a course for thirty seven mark one hundred eighty. Warp six. Chief Engineer, report to the Bridge. Commander Riker, report to the Bridge. Doctor Crusher, report to the Bridge. He wasn't violent? Thank you, Lieutenant. (Tasha wipes her forehead and leaves. She's feeling warm) Doctor, every person on that ship over there died. Is there any chance that whatever did it is loose on my ship? The entire crew somehow managed to kill themselves, Doctor. If it's not a disease, what else could have made them do that? Security just told me that he was longing for normal eyesight. That's a sudden yearning for that. (reading the screen)  The Constitution class Enterprise, Captain James T. Kirk commanding. Which somehow resulted in complex strings of water molecules which acquired carbon from the body and acted on the brain like alcohol. Data, download this information to Medical immediately. Fascinating! The entire crew going out of control, Until they found this formula, barely in time. Picard to Doctor Crusher, come in. [Crusher's office] You can relax, Doctor. [Bridge] The answer to all of this is feeding into your medical banks right now. Including a cure. [Crusher's office] Absolutely. [Troi's Quarters] (Deanna enters to find her clothes strewn over her furniture, and laughter from the bedroom) Picard here. [Troi's quarters] Counsellor, it's not actually an infection. [Troi's quarters] Thank you, Counsellor. Number One, it seems our Security Chief has the equivalent of a snootful. Forget it. [Sickbay] (Beverly is working in her office when Wesley calls out to her) Picard to Crusher. Have you made a test injection yet? We're getting indications that this condition is spreading. Why so slow? How much danger from that star? Worse case. Picard to Engineering. Chief Engineer report to the Bridge. (A woman marches out) Assistant Chief Engineer Shimoda, report to Medical. (Wesley enters and offers his sweaty hand for a shake) What? I did no such thing. I want you down in the Engine room just in case we need to move out of here. Attention all decks, all divisions. Effective immediately, I have handed over control of this vessel to Acting Captain Wesley Crusher. Acting Captain? Number One, MacDougal, get that boy out of Engineering. (Riker and MacDougal leave) Such as? Metaphysics? Captain to Security, come in! Where is my security chief! Get me Lieutenant Yar. Lieutenant, where are you? All right, Lieutenant, you just stay right there. Data, please go to Lieutenant Yar and take her down to Sickbay. Captain to Security, I want all your senior supervisors to report to the Bridge immediately. [Tasha's Quarters] (We hear giggling as Data enters cautiously) What have you learned, Number One? Can you short out the power? [Engineering] Do it! [Engineering ] Wes, this is Captain Picard. Do you see me? You will now return control of this vessel to the Bridge where it belongs. At once. Because ship captains control their own vessels, young man! Stand by a moment on that. Wesley. Wes. Are you aware that you're acting strangely, that a kind of infection was brought over from the Tsiolkovsky which acts like intoxication? That's a very adult bit of reasoning, Wes, Because, because you've lost the capacity for self-judgment. Now, alcohol does this, Wesley. But this contaminant we've brought back from the Tsiolkovsky does it even more so. Oh, it's very important I do, Wesley, because I must immediately lock a tractor beam onto the Tsiolkovsky, then tow it out of, Wesley! Wesley! (The man at Conn. gets up and staggers off) Conn, where are you headed? What the hell is happening in Engineering? [Engineering] (Shimoda is using the chips as building blocks, Wesley is muttering and Riker and MacDougal are trying to get past the force field) Captain to. Wesley. Wesley Crusher, come in! (Data enters, smiling and weaving slightly) Ah, Data. At least you're functioning. Data, intoxication is a human condition. Your mind is different, it's not the same as Doctor, But. Damn it. (Data makes as if to lean on a chair, but there is nothing there and he falls) [Ready Room] Now, Doctor Do you know what the infection is? Come on, quickly. What sort of thing? Doctor, there must be a cure. Some formula, similar to the old one, Not now, Doctor. Please. [Bridge] (Beverly goes to the turbolift, and Picard waves her goodbye) Take us Worf, you know what to do. Take us er Right. Override. What, what's that? What's that, Wesley? [Engineering] Beverly. You will address me as Captain. I will? That's true. I started off calling you Beverly, and of course, naturally, you. I'm still not thinking straight. If that's something you were going to test, Decades ago, light years away, Okay, Bev. [Engineering] (Picard arrives and starts injecting people) Yes, and Wesley may have given us a few seconds, too. Fair's fair. And let's credit his science teacher, too. (Picard gives Wesley his sobering up injection, and leaves) [Bridge] (Picard, Riker and Data enter) To many people. (Troi and Tasha enter. Tasha goes over to Data at a rear station) I put it to you all. I think we shall end up with a fine crew, if we avoid temptation. So, Number One, let's go to our next job.
I'm not accustomed to seeing an unsatisfactory rating for one of my crew. I assume from your request for his transfer that you think he's not, Commander. Broccoli? Let's just get that uncaught, shall we? There's every indication he's served competently in Starfleet for years. His ratings aboard the Zhukov were satisfactory. In fact I recall Captain Gleason speaking quite highly of him before his transfer. And yet he chose this way of life. He has made the same commitment to Starfleet that we all have. It's easy to transfer a problem to someone else. Too easy. Try harder, Geordi. He's a member of your team. Try to find some way to help him to make a positive contribution. Get to know the man better. Make him your best friend. Then I suggest you put your personal discomfort on one side, Commander. Dismissed. Will your investigation affect our available power during the mission? Good. I look forward to your report, Mister Broccoli. (big silence) Barclay. In God's name, where did you learn to fight like this, man? Who is that? One of your allies? Is this part of the same pattern? We reach Nahmi Four in twenty two hours. We'll want all transporters operational by then. I want a level one diagnostic across the board. Report. Maintain that. What the hell happened? Picard to La Forge. Commander, any explanation for this injector problem? [Holodeck - Glade] Another malfunction? Yes, I should say you should, Commander. Your holodeck activities can wait until later. And Commander. It would be wise to consult Lieutenant Barclay [Holodeck - Glade] On this latest incident. Go ahead, Commander. Take us out of warp. Red alert. Begin evacuation of secondary hull. Prepare for emergency saucer separation. The question is, will the injectors come back online? Make it so. [Engineering] Transfer injector control to manual. Cycle power through ventral relay. Stand down from red alert. Understood. Picard out. It was a pleasure to serve with you, Mister Barclay.
Be on the lookout for a Cardassian patrol ship, Mister Worf. They should be hailing us soon. Last time I was in this sector, I was on the Stargazer, running at warp speed ahead of a Cardassian warship. Believe it. I'd been sent to make preliminary overtures to a truce. I'd lowered my shields as a gesture of good will. But the Cardassians were not impressed. They had taken out most of my weapons and damaged the impulse engines before I could regroup and run. I hope their scout ship makes contact soon. It's not a good idea to stay too long on a Cardassian border without making your intentions known. [O'Brien's quarters] (mealtime for the newly-weds) Increase power to forward shields. Hail them again, Mister Worf. Evasive action, delta sequence. Ready phasers, Mister Worf. Limit targets to engines and shields. Fire. Continue phaser fire. Let's see if they'll answer our hail now, Mister Worf. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Enterprise. Why have you fired on us? There is a treaty between our peoples. A Federation starship? Gul Macet the Federation and the Cardassians have struggled too hard for peace to abandon it so easily. Let me talk to my superiors, find out what's behind this. Give me one hour. The alternative is for us to continue firing at one other, and in such a contest, you would be at a disadvantage. Ben Maxwell? But he's one of Starfleet's finest captains. He must have had provocation. Then he's still in Cardassian space? Will the Cardassians cooperate? There will be three Cardassians transporting aboard. Their Captain, Gul Macet and two of his aides. My intention is to be as open as possible with them, allow them to share in our search for the Phoenix. They're our guests, Mister Worf. I don't want them to feel like prisoners. Very well, let's limit their access. But you instruct your people they are guests. Counsellor, I want you to stay as close to the crew as possible. Some of them may feel uncomfortable with Cardassians on board. I don't want any incidents. Mister Data, is there anyone else on board who served previously with Captain Benjamin Maxwell? Indeed. Number One, will you and the Counsellor meet our guests in Transporter room three? And inform Chief O'Brien I will be calling on him. Of course you are concerned, Gul Macet. It is precisely because of that fact that I have included you in every aspect of our effort. You're present with my staff. You're hearing reports as I hear them, nothing edited, nothing withheld. Transporter Chief O'Brien, has served with Benjamin Maxwell. I thought that he might be able to provide some insights. Mister O'Brien, I understand that Captain Maxwell lost his family during a raid on an outpost. Gentlemen, please, let's not indulge in speculation. Can we confine our discussion to facts? Now, Mister O'Brien Go ahead, Mister Worf. Gul Macet, will you join me on the Bridge? (O'Brien and the aides leave by a different door. note - Daro is pale, Telle is dark) [Turbolift] Ensign, set a course, warp six. Mister Worf, send a message by subspace. Tell them to prepare for a rendezvous. Yes? I'm sure that's true. However, given the circumstances, I would prefer to make the initial contact myself. I'm sure you would, if the situation were reversed. Captain, so far we have an isolated incident. If I can reach him first, then perhaps diplomacy can prevail. But if one of your ships decides to retaliate, there is a danger we could lose control of the situation. No. I won't. [O'Brien's quarters] The pursuing ship is the Phoenix. We are able to make that determination. The important thing at the moment is that one of your ships may be in jeopardy. Mister Worf, has there been any answer to our communication? Put out a repeating message on all subspace channels, priority one communiqué. Break off your pursuit immediately. Gul Macet, you see we are doing everything in our power to reach the Phoenix. Mister Data. Mister Worf, has there been any response to our hails? Very well. Mister Worf, relay the prefix codes of the Phoenix to the Cardassian warship. I cannot allow Maxwell to ambush that supply ship. Mister Worf, now. Mister Data, overlay weapon ranges of the two ships. Does the supply ship have any weapons? Mister Data estimated time to intercept with the Phoenix. Ensign, increase to warp nine. [Transporter room] Chief. I wanted to talk to you. Ben Maxwell. He must be quite a man. From your knowledge of the man, what has gone wrong? When his family was killed, how did he take it? I see. You don't care for the Cardassians? Ben Maxwell has just sent more than six hundred of them to their deaths. I think when one has been angry for a very long time, one gets used to it. And it becomes comfortable, like old leather. And, finally, it becomes so familiar that one can't ever remember feeling any other way. Thank you, Chief. [Ten Forward] (Miles is drinking at the bar) Lieutenant? Mister Worf, please accompany him. You have the Bridge, Number One. [Ready room] You may take whatever action against him you feel is appropriate. I consider the matter closed. If there is to be a lasting peace, Gul Macet, neither you nor I must allow any one man to undermine our efforts. Picard here. That'll be all, Commander. (Riker leaves) Captain. Please, sit down. The thought had occurred. I know of nothing out here that could possibly justify what you have done. How do you know this? From whom? Where is your documentation? But whatever circumstances you encountered, why didn't you notify Starfleet? You weren't under fire. Whose lives? Why? You have killed nearly seven hundred people and you have taken us to the brink of war. And so all alone you decided to dispose of the treaty. What had to be done? For whom? Why does a man with a long and brilliant service abandon the fundamental principles that he has believed in, even fought for, all his life? I believe it is because of what they did to your wife and your children. To avenge their deaths. I'll accept the judgement of history. What the Cardassians have or have not done is irrelevant. We're not going after any more Cardassian ships. You're going to return to your bridge and set a course for Starbase two one one. The Phoenix and the Enterprise will return to Federation space together. Those are Starfleet's orders. I will permit you the dignity of retaining your command during the voyage. The only alternative is to put you in the brig and to tow your ship back to starbase in disgrace. You understand your orders? Mister Worf, report to my Ready room. My guest is departing. Mister Data, how long until we clear Cardassian space? Mister Worf, send a message to Admiral Haden at Starfleet. Inform him of our projected time of arrival. Ensign, change course to pursue. Mister Worf, will you hail Captain Maxwell? Continue the hail, Mister Worf. Priority one message. Do you know what that ship might be? Ensign, warp eight. Overtake him. Ensign, warp nine. Mister Worf, arm phasers. Continue the hail. Get him up here. (a short time later, O'Brien enters) On screen. Mister O'Brien, your former Commander, a Federation Captain, is about to place me in the position of firing on his ship. I need your knowledge of the man. How he thinks, what he's capable of doing. On screen. Captain Maxwell, you have disobeyed a direct order. The Cardassian vessel will not be boarded. You will transport yourself aboard the Enterprise And I will use whatever force is necessary to prevent you from taking that action, Captain. (transmission ends) Red alert. It seems you were right, Mister O'Brien. Ready phasers, load torpedoes. Make it so. [Phoenix Ready room] Thank you, Chief. Thank you, Chief, and well done. That'll be all. (O'Brien leaves) The loyalty you would so quickly dismiss does not come easily to my people, Gul Macet. You have much to learn about us. Benjamin Maxwell earned the loyalty of those who served with him. You know, in war, he was twice honoured with the Federation's highest citation for courage and valour. And if he could not find a role for himself in peace, we can pity him, but we shall not dismiss him. One more thing, Macet. Maxwell was right. Those ships were not carrying scientific equipment, were they? A research station within arm's reach of three Federation sectors? Cargo ships running with high energy subspace fields that jam sensors? I was here to protect the peace. A peace that I firmly believe is in the interests of both our peoples. If I had attempted to board that ship I am quite certain that you and I would not be having this pleasant conversation, and that ships on both sides would now be arming for war. Take this message to your leaders, Gul Macet. We'll be watching. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Maintain an open channel. And issue a general distress call. Yes, Mister Data, I know. Position? Counsellor? Number One, assemble the rest of your away team. Prepare for immediate rescue operations. Proceed with the evacuation, Number One. Please may I have your attention. Please may I have your attention! Stop that immediately! (silence) Well, that's better. Now, what's your name, young man? What? Isn't it possible the injuries were caused prior to his captivity? But if they have abused the boy, why would he so devoutly wish to return to them? Jono! She was trying to help you.! Jono, I want you to stop this immediately! Good. That's better. Now, if we're to accomplish anything Go ahead. Very well. Doctor, Counsellor. As in Admiral Rossa? I remember. There were no survivors. Tragedy seems to follow that family. The Admiral lost both her sons. I agree. Do what you can to accomplish that, Counsellor. Why not? Oh, no, Counsellor! Oh, no, Counsellor, I don't think so. He needs someone who is trained in these things. Jono! Jono, why do you make that noise? Is it not also the custom of your people to listen to the wishes of their Captain? Then, as Captain of the starship Enterprise, I ask you not to make that sound. Good. Well, now that's cleared up, let's, er, let's, er, let's get acquainted, shall we? What do you think of your room? I know it's a little sterile. But if there's anything you'd like? Pictures, perhaps, or games. Oh, no, not at all. I thought you'd be comfortable here. We will rendezvous with the warship Q'Maire at oh seven forty hours. We will transfer the Talarians to Captain Endar. We'll discuss your situation with Captain Endar. We could find some other quarters. Ah. Yes, well, that wouldn't work here. [Picard's quarters] Well, I'm sure you'll see there's nothing here to appeal to a young person. (Jono picks up an ornate dagger in a scabbard from the desk) Put that down, please. Yes. Would you put it back where you got it. (Jono wrenches a sextant from it's display stand, then puts it back) Well. Here we are, eh, Jono? I notice you haven't taken off your gloves. Why not? Jono, your Captain, Endar, has he ever hurt you? Inflicted pain? Then he has? Is that what they are? Tests of pain? It's true, I don't fully understand Talarians. But you are not Talarian. Come. Yes, Counsellor. Please, come in, sit down. (She sits) You're probably not aware of this, but I have never been particularly comfortable around children. For some reason, they just don't seem to respond to me. Frankly, I think my time would be best served carrying out the duties and responsibilities of a Starfleet Captain. Look, Counsellor, I just feel that I'm not the right person for this job. I'm not cringing. I'm just acknowledging my limitations. I don't think that has anything to do with anything. Well, perhaps it was because. This is foolish. it's just that ever since I was a child I've always known exactly what I wanted to do. Be a member of Starfleet. Nothing else mattered to me. Virtually my entire youth was spent in the pursuit of that goal. In fact, I probably skipped my childhood altogether. Are you saying that's what I'm going to have to do? Computer, turn off that noise! Computer, what was that? Jono? Jono, where are you? Yes, I certainly did, and I expect it to stay turned off. Would you come down from there? I see you've made yourself at home. Would you come here. There's something I want to show you. (it's a slide show in a frame) Those are Connor and Moira Rossa. They are your parents. The baby is you. Jeremiah Rossa. Well, you were born Jeremiah on Galen Four. The colony was destroyed later, during a border skirmish. (changes the picture to a laughing child) You see? You knew how to laugh once. Do you remember any of this, Jono? Your parents, your home? Jono, your parents were killed by Talarians. Yes, what is it, Number One? Hey, hey! You stay put. I'm on my way, Number One. (Picard leaves, and Jono takes a look at some more of the pictures. He remembers) Status, Mister Data? Are its weapons systems active? On screen. Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Enterprise. We have rescued four crew members from your observation craft. They have received medical attention. The are ready for transport. One moment, Captain. We've also discovered a human among your crew. Actually, his name is Jeremiah, Jeremiah Rossa. He was not wounded in the mishap, but as a representative of the Federation, I require an explanation. Why has this child been held in your custody for so many years? Among them Connor and Moira Rossa. You should have notified the Federation authorities. To conceal him was a clear violation of our agreement. What tradition is it that empowered you to capture a helpless child? Does that custom extend also to brutalising this surrogate son? Our medical officer discovered evidence of injuries so severe, they might be considered torture. Then explain the fractured ribs, concussion, the broken arm. Doesn't he deserve to become more than that? His true heritage is human, Endar. While on board, you are welcome to supervise the return of your crew, but I cannot allow Jeremiah Rossa to be returned to your custody. His true family are waiting for him on Earth. I have already reported our position and the nature of this violation to Starfleet. Are you saying that you're willing to go to war over this boy? We have been at peace for many years. Let us not rush headlong into war. So you think it would be unwise to let Endar see Jono? You see, I'm not convinced the boy has been abused, Doctor. I've talked with the father, and if I am any judge of character, I would say that he deeply cares for the boy's welfare. Yes. There is something else to keep in mind. We are deep in Talarian territory. A semblance of diplomacy is called for. I'm going to agree to the meeting. Agreed. [Observation lounge] (Troi is with Endar when Picard and Jono enter) Mister Data, what's their offensive potential? The last thing I want is to be forced into destroying one of their ships. The lines are being drawn. All this for a chosen son. There must be a way to avoid this. Endar's entire claim on Jono is based on Talarian custom he'd have a hard time backing away from it now. On screen. Have the boy brought to my Ready Room. [Ready room] (A mature woman is on the monitor) Yes. She is an Admiral. Yes. Jono. Jono, let me show you what I do when I get those feelings. Come on. [Racquetball court] Now, you can serve from within either of these two sections by bouncing the ball and hitting it into that top centre target. You have to return the ball before it bounces twice. Alright? Let's try it. (Jono's return beats Picard, who didn't even move) Not bad. I can believe it. (This time it's a longer and more competitive rally, until Jono clutches his head. He's hearing memories again) Jono? You all right? It's all right. It's all right. (He holds the weeping boy) It's part of being human, Jono. But, as deeply as you can feel hurt, you can also feel joy. Oh, he gave me quite a game for his first time out. I'm sure you are. Sit down. What would you like? Look at him. He's a different person. Just half an hour ago he was crying like a baby. [Picard's quarters] (Jono slips out of his hammock and stands in the bedroom doorway, watching Picard sleep. He enters, Picard wakes, and Jono plunges the Klingon dagger into - ) [Sickbay] Then it wasn't a dream. Where is the boy now? I want to see him. Here. Now. Jono, why did you do it? Yes, I think it does. It matters to me. You think you're going to be killed? Jono, you're not going to die at my hands or anyone else's. What I want to know is why? You seemed so happy just a few hours ago. One moment, Captain. Captain Endar, last night Jono attacked me with a dagger. There was a crime committed on board this ship, but it was not Jono's. It was mine. When we found Jono, it seemed so clear what had to be done. We knew that if only we could persuade him to make the decision to stay, then you would most likely let him. So with the best of intentions, we tried to convince him, and in so doing, we thoroughly failed to listen to his feelings, to his needs. That was the crime, and it has taken a huge toll on a strong and very noble young man. And it must be rectified. He will return home. To the only home he's ever known. And to the father that he loves. To you, Endar. Please transmit coordinates for immediate transport. [Transporter room] Goodbye, Jono.
