Steady as we go.  They were keyed to cause interference and attract attention this  way.  If they survived the crash.  Not without any indication of survivors, no. Continue to the Vega  Colony and take care of our own sick and injured first. You have the  helm. Maintain present course.  Drop by my cabin, Doctor. (Boyce enters with bag) What's that? I  didn't say there's anything wrong with me.  That's right. Unless we get anything more positive on it, it  seems to me the condition of our own crew takes precedent. I'd like to  log the ship's doctor's opinion, too.  Good. I'm glad you do, because we're going to stop first at the  Vega Colony and replace anybody who needs hospitalisation and also.  What the devil are you putting in there, ice?  What makes you think I need one?  Shouldn't it be? My only yeoman and two others dead, seven  injured.  Oh, I should have smelled trouble when I saw the swords and the  armour. Instead of that, I let myself get trapped in that deserted  fortress and attacked by one of their warriors.  You bet I'm tired. You bet. I'm tired of being responsible for  two hundred and three lives. I'm tired of deciding which mission is too  risky and which isn't, and who's going on the landing party and who  doesn't, and who lives and who dies. Boy, I've had it, Phil.  To the point of considering resigning.  Well, for one thing, go home. Nice little town with fifty miles  of parkland around it. Remember I told you I had two horses, and we  used to take some food and ride out all day.  I said that's one place I might go. I might go into business on  Regulus or on the Orion colony.  The point is this isn't the only life available. There's a whole  galaxy of things to choose from.  Now you're beginning to talk like a doctor, bartender.  Address intercraft.  This is the captain. Our destination is the Talos star group. Our  time warp, factor seven.  Engage.  Yeoman.  I thought I told you that when I'm on the bridge  Oh, I see. Thank you.  She does a good job, all right. It's just that I can't get used  to having a woman on the bridge. No offence, Lieutenant. You're  different, of course.  (The Enterprise arrives at a planet)  Spectography?  Gravity?  Prep a landing party of six. You feel up to it?  Sorry, Number One. With little information on this planet, we'll  have to leave the ship's most experienced officer here covering us.  There's no indication of problems down there,  but let's not take chances.  Captain Christopher Pike, United Space Ship Enterprise.  The same old Earth, and you'll see it very soon.  (as the survivors pack up the settlement) Enterprise.  We'll begin transporting the survivors and their effects up to  you very shortly.  That's affirmative on the  Er, affirmative on request. Landing party out.  I don't understand.  Can you hear me? My name is Christopher Pike, commander of the  space vehicle Enterprise from a stellar group at the other end of this  galaxy. Our intentions are peaceful. Can you understand me?  (the aliens communicate with their minds, not voices)  You're not speaking, yet I can hear you.  All right then, telepathy. You can read my mind. I can read  yours. Now, unless you want my ship to consider capturing me an  unfriendly act  If you were in here, wouldn't you test the strength of these  walls, too? There's a way out of any cage, and I'll find it.  This is Rigel Seven.  I was in a cage, a cell, in some kind of a zoo. I must still be  there.  They've reached into my mind and taken the memory of somewhere  I've been.  It's starting just as it happened two weeks ago. Except for you.  [Fortress] (The courtyard is scattered with lances and spears)    Longer hair, different dress, but it is you, the one the  survivors called Vina. Or rather the image of Vina. But why you again?  Why didn't they create a different girl?  (The killer enters - a big humanoid with shield and axe)  But it's only a dream.  You can tell my jailers I won't go along with it. I'm not an  animal performing for its supper.  Why would an illusion be frightened?  Who are you? You act as if this were really you.  Why are you here?  Are you real?  No, no. No, that's not an answer. I've never met you before,  never even imagined you.  What, and dress you in the same metal fabric they wear?  So they can see how their specimen performs? They want to see how  I react, is that it?  Or do they do more than just watch me? Do they feel with me, too?  Yes. Yes, you can please me. You can tell me about them. Is there  any way I can keep them from probing my mind, from using my thoughts  against me? Does that frighten you? Does that mean there is a way?  Since you're not real, there's not much point in continuing this  conversation, is there.  [Planet surface] (A big laser cannon is aimed at the door in the  rock.  How far can they control my mind?  Perhaps.  But they try to trick me with their illusions.  Did they ever live on the surface of this planet? Why did they go  underground?  That's why it's so barren up there?  VINA; The planet's only now becoming able to support life again.  So the Talosians who came underground found life limited here and  they concentrated on developing their mental power.  Or sit probing minds of zoo specimens like me.  Which means they had to have more than one of each animal.  They'll need a pair of humans too. Where do they get intend to  get the Earth woman?  But that was a bargain with something that didn't exist. You said  you weren't real, remember?  Is the keeper actually communicating with one of his animals?  And if I prefer  Why not just put irresistible hunger in my mind? Because you  can't, can you? You do have limitations, don't you?  That's very interesting.  You were startled. Weren't you reading my mind then?  No, let's stay on the first subject. All I wanted for that moment  was to get my hands around your neck.  Do primitive thoughts put up a block you can't read through?  All right, all right, let's talk about the girl. You seem to be  going out of your way to make her attractive, to make me feel  protective.  It seems more important to you now that I begin to accept her and  like her.  Assuming that's a lie, why would you want me attracted to her? So  I'll feel love in a husband-wife relationship? That would be necessary  only if you intend to build a family group or perhaps a whole human  community.  You mean properly punished! I'm the one who's not co-operating!  Why don't you punish me?  Tango! You old devil, you. I'm sorry I don't have any sugar.  Well, they think of everything, don't they? (feeds lumps to the horse)  They read our minds very well. Home, anything else I want, if I  co-operate, is that it?  Look, I'm sorry they punish you, but we can't let them  It's funny. It's about twenty four hours ago I was telling the  ship's doctor how much I wanted something else not very different from  what we have here. An escape from reality. Life with no frustrations.  No responsibilities. Now that I have it, I understand the doctor's  answer.  You either live life, bruises, skinned knees and all, or you turn  your back on it and start dying. The doctor's going to be happy about  one part, at least. He said I needed a rest.  I used to ride through here when I was a kid. It's not as pretty  as some of the parkland around the big cities, but. That's Mojave.  That's where I was born.  These headaches, they'll be hereditary you know. Would you wish  them on a child or a whole group of children?  Is it? Look, first they made me protect you and then feel  sympathy for you. Now we have these familiar surroundings and a  comfortable husband-wife relationship. They don't need all this for  just passion. What they're after is respect and mutual dependence.  But we're not here, neither of us. We're in a menagerie, a cage!  Back in my cage, it seemed for a couple of minutes that our  keeper couldn't read my thoughts. Do emotions like hate, keeping hate  in your mind, does that block off our mind from them?  Oh, no. I don't hate you. I can guess what it was like.  If they can read my mind, then they know I'm attracted to you. [Talosian monitoring room] I was from the very first moment  I saw you in the survivor's camp.  Vina?  (grabbing Colt's laser pistol) They don't work.  Don't say anything. I'm filling my mind with a picture of beating  their huge, misshapen heads to pulp, thoughts so primitive they black  out everything else. I'm filling my mind with hate.  I'll break out of this zoo somehow and get to you. Is your blood  red like ours? I'm going to find out.  All I want to do is get my hands on you. Can you read these  thoughts? Images of hate, killing?  You'll find my thoughts more interesting. Thoughts so primitive  you can't understand. Emotions so ugly  (stricken by pain)  No. No, don't help me. I have to concentrate. They can't read  through hate.  [Bridge] Now you hold still, or I'll break your neck.  I've had some samples of how good they are.  (the Talosian appears to be a vicious monster)  You stop this illusion, or I'll twist your head off. (it stops)  All right, now you try one more illusion, you try anything at all, and  I'll break your neck.  I'm going to gamble you're too intelligent to kill for no reason  at all.  (Pike hands the Magistrate over to Number One and picks up the laser  pistols, firing them at the glass wall. Then he puts one to the  Magistrate's head)  On the other hand, I've got a reason. I'm willing to bet you've  created an illusion this laser is empty. I think it just blasted a hole  in that window and you're keep us from seeing it. You want me to test  my theory out on your head?  (There is a hole in the window)  Make contact, Number One.  I want to contact our ship.  And start by burying you?  Look, I'll make a deal with you. You and your life for the lives  of these two Earth women.  Do you understand what I'm saying? You give me proof that our  ship is all right, send these two back, and I'll stay with Vina.  (Number One sets her laser pistol to overload)  The weapon is building up an overload. A force chamber explosion.  You still have time to get underground. Well, go on! (pushes Vina away)  Just to show you how primitive humans are, Talosian, you go with her.  Wait.  (Number One turns off the pistol)  And that's it? No apologies? You captured one of us, threatened  all of us.  But wouldn't some form of trade, mutual co-operation?  Let's get back to the ship.  You'll give her back her illusion of beauty?  No. No, and I agreed with her reasons.  [Bridge] (Pike, Number One and Spock enter)  Oh, I feel fine, just fine.  You recommended a rest, a change of pace, didn't you? I've even  been home. Does that make you happy?  (He bumps into Colt again)  Yeoman.  I thought I told you that when I'm on the bridge I  (She hands him a clip-board stuffed with papers for his signature)  Oh. Oh yes. The reports. Thank you.  As in all ship's doctors are dirty old men. What are we running  here, a cadet ship, Number One? Are we ready or not?  Engage. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Steady as we go.  They were keyed to cause interference and attract attention this  way.  If they survived the crash.  Not without any indication of survivors, no. Continue to the Vega  Colony and take care of our own sick and injured first. You have the  helm. Maintain present course.  Drop by my cabin, Doctor. (Boyce enters with bag) What's that? I  didn't say there's anything wrong with me.  That's right. Unless we get anything more positive on it, it  seems to me the condition of our own crew takes precedent. I'd like to  log the ship's doctor's opinion, too.  Good. I'm glad you do, because we're going to stop first at the  Vega Colony and replace anybody who needs hospitalisation and also.  What the devil are you putting in there, ice?  What makes you think I need one?  Shouldn't it be? My only yeoman and two others dead, seven  injured.  Oh, I should have smelled trouble when I saw the swords and the  armour. Instead of that, I let myself get trapped in that deserted  fortress and attacked by one of their warriors.  You bet I'm tired. You bet. I'm tired of being responsible for  two hundred and three lives. I'm tired of deciding which mission is too  risky and which isn't, and who's going on the landing party and who  doesn't, and who lives and who dies. Boy, I've had it, Phil.  To the point of considering resigning.  Well, for one thing, go home. Nice little town with fifty miles  of park land around it. Remember I told you I had two horses, and we  used to take some food and ride out all day.  I said that's one place I might go. I might go into business on  Regulus or on the Orion colony.  The point is this isn't the only life available. There's a whole  galaxy of things to choose from.  Now you're beginning to talk like a doctor, bartender.  Address intercraft.  This is the captain. Our destination is the Talos star group.  [Hearing room] Our time warp, factor seven.  Engage.  Spectography?  Gravity?  Prep a landing party of six. You feel up to it?  Sorry, Number One. With little information on this planet, we'll  have to leave the ship's most experienced officer here covering us.  There's no indication of problems down there,  but let's not take chances.  Right.  [Planet surface] (the group explores until they find a rough  settlement)  Captain Christopher Pike, United Space Ship Enterprise.  The same old Earth, and you'll see it very soon.  (as the survivors pack up the settlement) Enterprise.  We'll begin transporting the survivors and their effects up to  you very shortly.  Yes, affirmative on the  Er, affirmative on request. Landing party out.  I, I don't understand. 
