Ah you must be Captain Picard. Sit down, Captain. You'd better listen to this. [Observation lounge] This pregnancy is unlike anything I have ever encountered. Since she came to me a few hours ago, I have done two complete examinations of Counsellor Troi. (goes to wall screen) This is from the first examination. The foetus is about halfway through the first trimester, about six weeks old. Now, understand we believe conception took place eleven hours ago. It gets better. This is the second exam one hour later. Now, it's consistent, except for the fact that it appears the foetus is several weeks older. At this growth rate, Counsellor Troi will have her baby in about thirty six hours. The normal gestation rate for a Betazoid is ten months. It's a male human, or in this case half-human half-Betazoid. In every way. In fact, there is nothing to indicate that there are any genetic patterns other than hers. Oh, you bet it is. Let's get you to Maternity. Is that necessary? Well, it's strange to need armed guards in a delivery room. This way. [Sickbay] How frequent are your contractions? In my other deliveries, except for a couple, the father was always present. Counsellor Troi is going to need the comfort of a human touch, not the cold hand of technology. Your choice. (A little later, Deanna is in the birthing chair, almost upright) There is nothing to be nervous about. This is an impatient baby. He's eager to make his appearance. Do you want something for the pain? It will in no way diminish the experience. None? Have your Security men stand back. I understand the importance of having you here, but keep out from underfoot. Foetal position? Foetal pulse? The baby is showing healthy respiratory movements. (Riker sneaks in to watch) (kneeling in front of Troi) The action of the heart rate is good. The baby's doing wonderfully, Troi. Breathe slowly. You're doing great. Stay calm. That's it. There it is. I've got him. You can relax. (Baby crying) (cleaning him off) There, there. That's a good boy. It's okay. Oh, my, he's beautiful. (hands him to Troi) Are easy births the norm for Betazoids? (to Worf) You can come in the rest of the way now. There's no threat, Lieutenant. You and your men can relax. It's just a baby. (Worf looks and leaves) Do you have a name? How do you feel? Amazing. [Bridge] Captain. I've delivered dozens of babies, but none like this. There was no pain, no trauma. It was effortless for both of them. She had her baby yesterday. If I were to examine her now, I would not be able to tell she had a baby, or had ever had a baby. It was as if the incident never happened. In actuality, a day. In appearance, almost four earth years old. Da(h)ta, look at this. What? Oh? What's the difference? Is this possible? With all of your neural nets, algorithms, and heuristics, is there some combination makes up a circuit for bruised feelings? Possible? (returns to the monitor) I am unfamiliar with this symbol. About twenty percent of the specimens fall into that category. Some eager beaver at play. Well in this case, eager beaver refers to some overachieving genetic engineer, who, probably because of lack of anything better to do, has forced this strain of virus to mutate, just so we can see how bad, bad can get. Captain Picard. [Bridge] If the most innocuous specimen on the manifest list gets loose, [Bridge] Considering how desperately this is needed, no, I don't. I just wanted you to know what we were carrying. That's all right. Da(h)ta. Data. Whatever. [Children's play area] (some children are cuddling puppies) I wanted to stop by and see how Ian was doing. Let me see that. (treats the scald) That's not so bad. He allowed himself to be burned. Who is he? Why is he here? What does he want? Destroy it now. Why this one specimen and none of the others? Something is stimulating it. Do you have its etiology? Do you know how it was developed? It's a mutated strain developed by Doctor Susan Nuress during an outbreak of plasma plague seventy years ago in the Oby System. It was number nine in a series of fifty eight tests. This particular one bombarded by low levels of Eichner radiation. Could exposure to Eichner radiation stimulate growth? Well, it is now. What emits that type of radiation? Also not on this ship. What else? Because it's here and we better find it. [Troi's quarters] (It's Ian's bed time) What happened? Did he eat anything? Did he fall? I'm losing life signs. I'm sorry. (As Troi weeps by the bed, Ian turns into a ball of light which she can hold in her hands. She calms and smiles, then it flies out into space)
I heard, but I don't understand it, Captain. Isn't this impossible, sir? I'm not a Bridge officer, but. Increase by one thousand, Mister Data. By ten thousand. It does know how to do these things, doesn't it? Forgive me, Mister Data. I'm not accustomed to working with non-living devices that. Forgive me again. Your service record says that you are alive. I must accept that. That's an interesting question. Maybe you've found the door out of this. I'll be at my duty station. Rats in a maze. Everything we've been through reminds me of a laboratory experiment. As if something was testing our responses to stimuli. Yes. My construction? Yes, well, there are minor differences. I'm what we call a female. Not likely. He's gone. Would be appalling. What? Isn't that a little like curing the disease by killing the patient? Why do get the feeling this was not the time to join this ship? [Engineering]
You are wasting your breath, Lieutenant. Saying that to Data is asking a computer not to compute. In medicine I'm often faced with puzzles that I do not know the answer to. To feel the thrill of victory there has to be the possibility of failure. Where's the victory winning a battle you can't possibly lose? Yes. Yes, that's the great teacher. We humans learn more often from a failure or a mistake than we do from an easy success. But not you. You learn by rote. To you all is memorisation and recitation. Yes, and Holmes too. But Holmes understood the human soul. The dark flecks that drive us, that turn the innocent into the evil. That understanding is beyond Data. It comes from life experience which he doesn't have combined with human intuition for which he cannot be programmed. I don't think so, Lieutenant. Your artificial friend doesn't have a prayer of solving a Holmes mystery that he hasn't read. You see? LAFORGE: Maybe the computer could create one in the Holmes style. One where you wouldn't know the outcome. As I said, he wouldn't have a prayer. I wouldn't miss it. We'll see. Very impressive. Well, with this level of sophistication. How does this work? The real London was hundreds of square kilometres in size. What are you doing, Data? Tell us Fraud. You didn't deduce anything. All you did was recognise elements from two different Holmes stories. Fraud. Variations on a theme. Now, now do you see my point? All that he knows is stored in his memory banks. Inspiration, original thought, all the true strength of Holmes is not possible for our friend. I'll give you credit for your vast knowledge, but your circuits would just short out if confronted by a truly original mystery. It's elementary, dear Data. Are you sure you want to put yourself through this, Lieutenant? Better wilted laurels than no laurels at all. Now it has to deal with events that he has no previous knowledge of. What does that mean? You mean it's giving you a chance to limit your risk. Interesting. The same London but slightly different. How did you make the room shake? Lumps, Professor? What sort of lumps? (He puts one sugar lump into her cup) Why not. I don't know what you're talking about. This is really quite excellent. Very strange. You're beginning to sound very different from the Moriarty I've read about. No. I have no idea what you're talking about. Good, then if you know what I'm saying when I'm not saying anything, what do you need me for? Thank you for the tea and crumpets. I guess I'll be going. Yes. Would you care to join me? Right now, we are in London. Tell me what you want from me, or allow me to leave. Who is that? Yes, except for being crammed full of crumpets. Then, Professor, you will cease to exist. It could be a long time. Time won't pass for you, but I may be an old woman.
A man is ill, Captain. Treating him is my priority one, regardless of who he is. [Corridor] If that's the case, they'll all be prone to severe hypoxia. Their lives are at risk. We've got to help them. He's one man. Excuse me sir, but there may be hundreds on the Constantinople that require emergency attention. I should be there to supervise. Lieutenant Selar. She has my complete confidence. Just take it easy.
His condition is hereditary. His brain cannot receive auditory information. So all the prosthetics and surgical techniques I can use wouldn't work. I can't do anything. It's possible to install optical devices which look like normal eyes, and would still give you about the same visual range as the visor. Twenty percent. There is another option. I can attempt to regenerate your optic nerve, and, with the help of the replicator, fashion normal eyes. You would see like everyone else. I've done it twice, in situations somewhat similar to yours. Geordi, it would eliminate the constant pain you are under. Why are you hesitating? Yes. There's something else you must know. This is a one shot. If you decide to change your mind, there's no going back. And there are risks. I can offer choices, not guarantees.
Sickbay on alert, Captain. Still no signs of life, Captain. Heart, lungs, liver, everything. They died of natural causes. For the record, Captain, they died of old age. [Observation lounge] Every member of the Lantree crew had a complete examination at the beginning of this duty cycle eight weeks ago. They were in perfect health. A single medical entry noting that the First Officer was treated for Thelusian flu five days ago. It's an exotic but harmless rhinal virus. It couldn't have caused this. Whatever happened, it could be something that the Lantree crew already had or it could have come from Gagarin. At the very least, the people from Darwin Station deserve a warning. We may have to consider a quarantine. Absolutely. Doctor Kingsley, what is the nature of your emergency? I'm Doctor Pulaski, Chief Medical Officer. That was a long time ago. The Lantree. Doctor, we understand that Darwin Station is involved in genetic research. Is there a possible connection? Children? If the children are free of disease, as Doctor Kingsley said, they should be evacuated. I would like to bring one of them aboard within a force field for a complete examination. All right. We could beam up one child in styrolite in suspended animation. That way I could scan for possible infection without any danger to ourselves or to the child. Exactly. And we won't know until we begin gathering data. Captain, that's worth some risk. Doctor Kingsley, are you ready to transport? The styrolite is intact, Captain. A child this mature? We could be looking at the future of humanity. This child is in better health than we are. His immune system is so advanced it may not be possible for him to contract disease. I want to free him from the styrolite. I can do no further tests until he's out of it. I know I'm right. I realise that, Captain. Naturally, we'll establish a force field containment. We don't have that kind of time. These children can't survive in the lab once their parents are dead. Look at him, Captain. He's a human being who needs our help. Minimal. Deanna, do you have a minute? You've known the Captain for some time. I think I need some advice. I don't seem to be dealing with him very well. Well, my arguments don't seem to have any affect on him. We just end up quoting regulations to each other. He has such a consuming dedication to his ship, he doesn't seem able to step back to see the human side of the equation. (Troi smiles) What's the matter? What do you mean? Doctor Kingsley, this is Kate Pulaski. I'm afraid it's bad news. The risk to the ship and crew is too great. Until we absolutely know the cause of the disease, the children Stand by. I'll get back to you. [Engineering] Geordi, I need your help. I need to prove the children are harmless. I can only do that in a fail-safe environment. Sickbay has an isolated system. A shuttlecraft. Why didn't you say so? [Ready room] Captain, I'd like permission to put the boy in a shuttlecraft. I can study him there without risk to anyone else. I'm prepared to take that risk. Someone has to breathe the same air he breathes, to touch him. I'm volunteering to make that test myself. I also have a responsibility to humanity. You don't have to quote the rule book. You were saying? Captain, you said if I. Approved? Thank you. [Shuttlebay] (Shuttlecraft Sakharov is being prepped for launch) I did, Commander. I assume that you're qualified to pilot this shuttlecraft. A more than passing grade, no doubt. Please, come aboard. We don't have much time. You'll take us a few hundred metres away from the Enterprise and hold position. It's the only way to prove they're harmless. I hate to keep reminding you, but you are a machine. You'll be perfectly safe. Medical research is sometimes a risky business. It's all part of being human. Shall we proceed? Oh, yes, I do. I understand you perfectly. Oh yes, he has. Troi's right. He's telepathic. [Bridge] The manufacturer will be pleased to hear it. I appreciate your help, but your bedside manner needs work. There was no warning. Arthritic inflammation. It's the initial symptom of the disease. Return the boy to Darwin Station. Apparently the children are carriers. [Transporter room] It wasn't your fault. (The boy is beamed away) There's nothing you can do, Captain. I'm not going to make myself an exception to the Darwin quarantine. Shuttle One out. Not exactly up to factory specs. I'm sorry. The pain is tolerable, thank you. We're already under quarantined. What do we have to lose? [Observation lounge] Commander Data is an android, Doctor. He is unaffected. As for me, I chose this. I was convinced the children were safe. I think it's time we talked about that. Genetically engineered? You were telling me about their immune system. The Thelusian flu would have little effect on you, but tell me, how would they react? Even at a distance? Destroy it? How, exactly? Commander, I want an analysis of the interaction between the Thelusian flu and the children. Not necessarily. Commander Data has a way with computers. [Ready room] Commander, what have you got? And since our DNA is self replicating, the process Judging from what happened on the Lantree, anyone is a carrier once they're infected. [Bridge] You did everything you could, Commander. As androids go, you're in a class by yourself. Please, give my best to the Captain. Captain, if this hadn't worked? And spread my atoms spread across the galaxy. No, no, don't be sorry. Every time I get into the damn thing, I'm convinced that's what's going to happen. Chief Medical Officer's log, supplemental. The adults of Darwin Station have been restored to normal health using our transporter. They will remain on Gagarin Four and continue their research in hopes of one day rejoining their children. [Bridge]
What is that? Gagh? No, thanks. I've never heard of a Klingon starving to death on his own vessels, but you might. I know all about that. Their beliefs are rather brutal, but usually what kills us kills them. I'm abstaining in honour of your last hour on board.
Five. Fold. Instinct, Data, instinct. The game is seven card high/low with a buy on the last card. And just to make it more interesting, the man with the axe takes all. [Starbase 173] (Enterprise is docked at a space station. You can see her from the window) (Picard is relaxing in the coffee lounge when he sees a woman at the top of the stairs) I couldn't disagree more. We'll save that argument for another
I'll be with you in a moment. Andronesian encephalitis. Very unlikely. Our air filtering system can handle If you mean mathematically, yes, the probability is not zero. What? Now, you calm down. Security to Sickbay! Hurry! (Worf wrestles with the creature which is larger than himself, as Picard and guards arrive) What is she? Keep her away! She wants to kill Hennesey! Captain, there is no chance of contagion. There is mention in the galactic zoological catalogue of a species called allasomorph, which is supposed to possess the power to alter their molecular structure into other life forms.
The biobeds aren't working? The ship is falling apart! I've had thirty-five emergency calls scattered across twelve decks. My trauma teams are being run ragged trying to respond. Biobeds! Yes. Try a splint. Splint. It's a very ancient concept. You take two flat pieces of wood or plastic, a bandage. The broken limb is kept immobile. Oh yes, it is. It's a time honoured way to practice medicine, with your head and your heart and your hands. So jump to it. [Engineering]
Correct. The cryogenic process would be nearly instantaneous. Yes. [Hotel room]
Ale from Ennan Six. Your omelettes deserve no less. For much of the history of mankind, the breaking of bread was a symbol of friendship and community. Something we have gotten away from in the twenty-fourth century. (The beaten egg is poured onto the hot plate) Ah, you have a practiced hand, Commander. Your father liked to cook? Commander, come here! (They gaze at the unconscious pilot of the new shuttlecraft - Jean-Luc Picard) The life signs are very confusing. His heartbeat is strong, but the pulse is off. There's no signs of trauma. I can't say. The readings of his brain waves are very strange. No, neither. They're just out of phase. I wouldn't even attempt it till we get him into Sickbay. Come on, let's get him back. (The second Picard is wheeled away) I'm just starting a complete medical work-up. His vital signs are distorted. Some of the indicators are totally depressed, others are fluctuating wildly. I can't explain any of it. But he is alive. The restraints are for his own protection. No. but I have been able to rule out any head injury. Apparently, the normal stimulant had the opposite effect. I'll have to try something else. [Shuttlebay two] It's a only a sedative. I have never seen anything like this. Are you all right? Yes, I will monitor the conference from here. I'm just beginning to realise just how much of the body is held together by its own internal clock. He was thrown out of time, which caused his body systems to change their rhythm. Now, slowly, as we get closer to the time he left, his internal body clock is realigning. Right now, that is my guess. Captain, my patient is more coherent. [Bridge] His vital signs are more normal. Which is to say, more like ours. He is calmer. Perhaps, in some fashion. I doubt it. When we get closer to his time, he may be able to. I don't know how long anyone could take this kind of anxiety state. There has to be a breaking point. He has a lot of anger. And what is that? Part of my job is to anticipate problems. My duty is to the Captain, but first to the ship and its crew. Yes, for now. But this situation has put him under extreme pressure of a unique and very personal kind. We both know that pressure will only increase. You said yourself that he already has doubt. And could be potentially paralysing. If we begin to see signs that he's acting in an irrational manner, I have the authority and the duty to relieve him. I hope you're right. [Ready room] (Picard has been to stare at the shuttlecraft on his own) Just surrounded my patient. Yes [Bridge] He's very agitated. Do you know what you are doing? Security to Sickbay.
This is more than a surprise. It's total shock. You're actually here. How about a kiss? (A quick peck and a hug) I'm surprised you stayed our of the action as long as you did. Will, please join us. Your father and I are just catching up. Well, it wasn't exactly a secret. It just never really came up. You wouldn't be running for mayor, would you? Kyle, I don't need to hear what you don't need to say. Possibly. Again and again. I'm not complaining. Each was good a man and we're all still good friends. Close, but different. They were all a little more in touch with themselves. Face facts, Kyle. You're crusty. You have a reputation for being hard as nails and getting the job done. Underneath it all, you're not so bad. Some of us even love you. And then there's Will. Poor guy. Picked up a flu virus on our last stop at Nasreldine. Tryptophan-lysine distillates with generous doses of PCS. Pulaski's chicken soup. I like to help. When they hurt, I hurt. This is Deanna Troi, ship's Counsellor. I thought you two should meet. Deanna's job is to keep us from deluding ourselves. I have some lab work to do. If you'll excuse me. (Kate leaves) [Doctor's office] Sure. Even if it involves your father? Did he ever tell you why he never remarried? I would have, in a cold minute. Twelve years ago, Kyle Riker was a civilian strategist advising Starfleet in its conflict with the Tholians. The starbase that he was operating from was attacked. None of the base crew was expected to live, and they all died. All except your father. Your father alone had the will to endure, to face the pain, to live. I've never saw a man fight so hard in all my life. Yes. And so did he. But marriage was out of the question. He had other priorities. You know, if I were you, going out on the Ares, I'd jettison the emotional baggage you're still carrying around. [Engineering] That's right. I thought I knew you, Kyle. Then what is this I hear about an anbo-jyutsu match with Will? Haven't we grown beyond the point where we resolve our problems with physical conflict? I'm overreacting? You're the one who's going out to fight with his own son. And suppose one of you is injured? Kyle. Don't take this personally, but Will is in his prime. I think that's enough, Chief O'Brien. [Corridor] He's never been happier. Let's just say that I was not about to stay for refreshments. I'm just glad that humans have progressed beyond the need for barbaric display. Don't remind me. It's something of which I do not approve. You think that they're going to knock each other's brains out because they're men? It's almost as if they never really grow up at all, isn't it? Particularly men like Commander Riker. I hope they don't hurt each other. [Gymnasium]
It's a big job with a lot of responsibility. We seem to be shifting the focus here. Are we talking about a young officer on the fast track to the Academy, or are we talking about a young man that we are guiding through adolescence and into adulthood? I agree. I'm just questioning the speed at which we're moving. I think that's a valid concern. He is a boy, not a sword. Wes? You have trouble behind that door? It sounds like you've got everything under control. Wes, the minute you walk through that door they're your team. You have nothing to prove. You've got the authority. It's up to you to hang on to it. Now, you'd better get in there, and Wes, for whatever it's worth, I think you're going to do just fine. Captain's log, stardate 42737.3. It has been six weeks since our entrance into the Selcundi Drema sector. Each system has revealed the same disturbing geological upheavals on every planet. [Geophysics lab] I have a problem with that kind of rigidity. It seems callous and even a little cowardly. Yes. Absolutely. My emotions are involved. Data's friend is going to die. That means something. Does that invalidate the emotion? I'll buy that excuse. We're all jigging madly on the head of a pin anyway. Assuming her brain structure is similar to ours, the memories would be stored chemically on the neurons of the cerebral cortex. They're also time dependent. I would have to scan for age of the chemical links, and try to find [Ready room] Hello, Sarjenka. An Elanin singer stone. It sings a different song for each person. Sarjenka, we're going to run a few scans just to be sure you're all right. Data's will be right here. Don't worry. [Sickbay] (Sarjenka lies down on a bed, and Pulaski puts her to sleep) You did a good thing, Data. This is to protect her as much as us. To remember you and this ship would complicate her future. She has to be the person she was born to be. And you'll remember. [Sarjenka's house] (Data places the still-sleeping Sarjenka on her bed of pillows and toys, and puts the singing stone in her hand. Outside, the planet is still orange, but the volcanoes are just quietly smoking now)
As Chief Medical Officer, I am ordering you to report to Starbase Five One Five immediately. The truth is, you've ignored this far too long. An astronomical survey to be conducted by the science officers, I believe. Then we'll perform the procedure right here. My staff and I are fully capable of giving you the replacement. Captain Picard, I had no idea. You do have an ego, don't you? You're concerned about your image. Don't worry. If you get yourself down to Starbase Five One Five, your image will be safe with me. [Bridge] (Wesley meets Picard as he exits the turbolift) Is Geordi all right? He could need medical attention. The more they get, the more they want. But how? But what if we fail? What'll happen to Geordi then? Do you think he understands? We've got to go. Saving your life. True. But you are not a commonplace man. You'll be out of recovery in four hours. You're welcome. You're still the Captain. Invincible.
You're not fine. You fainted. Excuse me, I'll rephrase. This Klingon suffered a dramatic drop in blood pressure, his blood glucose level dropped, there was deficient blood flow resulting from circulatory failure. In other words, he curled up his toes and laid unconscious on the floor. Worf, I am worried. Now, something is wrong. Klingons don't faint. Forgive me. I just can't think of another word that applies. You're sick. Just stay right where you are. I have to check something with the computer. Lieutenant, you have rop'ngor. Yes. Worf, you can't help. So you've got the Klingon version of the measles. Pretty silly. He's in no danger. Worf was just observing a Klingon ritual involving fasting, and he didn't take into account that you have to decrease your physical activity as you decrease your caloric intake. Pulaski out. Your secret is safe with me. Worf, I'm honoured. No one has ever performed the Klingon tea ceremony for me. (She places some stones and a flower in the cups) There, that should do it. I understand the externals, not the mysteries. I'm not a Klingon. And none too good for Klingons. Worf, you're a romantic. Hold that thought. (She dashes into Sickbay, returns with a hypo and injects herself) Antidote. If we're going to share, let's share. (they drink) Now, quote me a little of that poetry. [Bridge] Count on two more in the next few days. You know, they were anachronistic in 2123. It will be interesting to see how they cope. Oh, how so? Medical. Is there some medical problem we should know about? Prime minister explains that. Somehow I thought you might. Doctor Katherine Pulaski. Tell me, is your entire population made up of clones, Prime Minister? How did you suppress the natural sexual drive? Drugs? Punitive laws? How did you overcome the problem of replicative fading? You have got a problem. Each time you clone, you're making a copy of a copy. Subtle errors creep into the chromosomes, and eventually you end up with a non-viable clone. Captain, with your permission, I would like to return to the planet. It could be my last opportunity to study replicative fading. With your permission, of course, Mister Prime Minister. Well, I appreciate the compliment, but I don't think that's very likely. And repairing that equipment will certainly not solve your problems. About the cloning? The clones lied about our whereabouts? I don't remember anything happening. I was working in their medical facility and got a call to report to Granger's office. I ran into Will on the way Geordi, you'll be pleased to know that you're not missing any epithelial cells. Will and I, however, are. Although you can clone from any cell in the body, the cells lining the stomach are the best choice because they're relatively undifferentiated. Gentlemen, please. They've got two or three generations, then the fading will be terminal. They're among the walking dead now. They just haven't been buried. You'll get no argument from me. That's just postponing the inevitable. If they get an infusion of fresh DNA, in fifteen generations they'll just go back to the same problems. Cloning isn't the answer. What they need is breeding stock. It's a match made in heaven. It's not so bad, Captain. In fifty years we'll have a new class M planet, complete with cities, and ready for colonisation. Now if this is going to work, you're going to have to alter your society, too. Monogamous marriage will not be possible for several generations. Thirty couples are enough to create a viable genetic base. But the broader the base the healthier and the safer the society. So it will be best if each woman, Bringloidi and Mariposan, had at least three children by three different men. Starfleet will probably agree with you. [Cargo hold]
Their physical condition is good enough, considering the circumstances. As soon as I can make some adjustments. Their physiology is unusual. You can store them for a few hours? Vermicula. It's their food. When they come out of stasis, they'll be very hungry. (live fish-like things) In great quantities. Doing so right now, Captain. Status of the beings is unchanged. Pulse, still steady. Respiration normal for them. [Bridge] I've already eaten, but thanks, Captain. [Lwaxana's quarters] (Picard hands the bottle to Mister Homn, who opens and downs the contents in one) Your mother seems quite an interesting woman, Deanna. Condition at this time? Mid-life? As in a human female's menopause? Yes, I think I do. I also think that I saw the Captain on his way to her quarters. No. As ship's Doctor I'd consider it excellent exercise for his reflexes and agility. For staying ahead of your mother. Or when hunting. [Lwaxana's quarters] (we now have a graphic presentation of a planetary system on the room's view screen) Bridge, this is Doctor Pulaski. [Bridge] Pulaski to Bridge. The Antedeans are coming around. They are currently in the early stages of post hibernation. [Bridge] Worf, the vermicula. (The barrel is opened, and the two fishy aliens almost dive in head first) Pulaski to Captain Picard. Hungry. Would you like to be shown to your rooms? [Rex's Bar]
Five here. Than any of ours. Fifty is the bet. What's the matter? Feet getting cold? I'm glad you stayed in. I need the chips. Okay, here's the action. Fifty, and another fifty. Looks like it's just us, handsome. I'll see you. (Worf puts down three aces and two queens) Beats my straight. You took my last chip. You could at least smile, Worf. I'm not sure. The readings are quite interesting. (The figure removes the lift support mask and reveals herself to be a Klingon woman) How are you feeling? Your vital signs are rather atypical for a Klingon. Oh?
My, what a charmer. Captain, he needs an attitude adjustment.  Against an opponent of approximate skill, Strategema can last well over one thousand moves. It's a human response. That inborn craving to gauge your capabilities through conflict. Perhaps, but they all lack a certain thrill. Maybe you should challenge Kolrami to Strategema. Because when someone is that smug, you occasionally have to deflate them just a little. That's it? But but you only made twenty-three moves. What Commander Data means is that he would never have asked you himself, but I know he's very interested in pitting his skill against yours. I don't blame you. It's no fun going into a game when you know you're going to lose. Come on, Data, you can't let that pass. The honour of the ship? It's your reputation that's on the line. < [Hathaway Bridge] I can't believe it. The computer beaten by flesh and blood. How can you lose? You're supposed to be infallible! All right, Data, enough of this. How long are you going to sit sulking like Achilles in his tent? You may be able to sell Troi that story, but not me. You're smarting because you were beaten. Well, it happens. I wish I had never manoeuvred you into playing that game. I'm sorry. Both Deanna and I have tried, but we're not getting through to him. The effects are the same, whether they're caused by human emotions or android algorithms. Data's not on the Bridge, and I don't think Data's going to be on the Bridge until we find some way to address his problem. The burdens of command. [Data's quarters] Then you have beaten him.
That's not much to go on. No. I'd better go down and make an evaluation there. (She takes a deep, reluctant breath and gets on the pad) About as much as I love comical Transporter Chiefs. Fill me in. Any pain? Do you know what it was that stuck you? Well, whatever it was, it left something behind. I'm going to take you up to Sickbay. O'Brien, this is Doctor Pulaski. [Transporter room] That you did. The Commander's nervous system has been invaded by an unknown microorganism. Not a bacteria, not a virus, but with the elements of both. There's the point of entry. The microbes are infecting the great sciatic nerve, and they are multiplying at an incredible rate. There. Not surgically. The organisms fuse to the nerve, intertwining at the molecular level. There's no evidence of nerve damage, but the organisms are impeding nervous function. The infection is spreading. It will eventually reach the brain. Commander Riker could die. I need to know more about its composition. Exactly. All negative. This microorganism is very mysterious. I can't even figure out what's keeping it alive. Oh, I can kill it but not without destroying the nerves it's inhabiting. My best may not be good enough. [Sickbay] Not yet. You can get out of my hair. It's spread to the spinal column. It's weakening his autonomic nervous system. Judging by its present rate of growth and its infiltration pattern, the infection will spread to the brain within an hour. Medical log, Stardate 42976.3. I can't keep the alien infection from spreading to Commander Riker's brain. Once there, it will kill him by dampening neural impulses. The only way I can keep him alive is to force the neurons to stay active by stimulating them directly with electrical impulses. [Sickbay] (Riker has been stripped of his uniform and covered with a blanket. Above and around his head is a framework with what look like five giant hypodermic needles pointing towards his head. Troi winces as each goes in) Let's proceed. (The needles extend themselves down into Riker's brain) Good. Stand by with five milligrams of tricordrazine in case of seizure. Here goes. (Riker's eyelids flutter, and we go off into his 'memories' as triggered by the treatment, and the need to produce a very cheap episode) [The Last Outpost] We've stimulated random wave activity, but the patterns are dangerously erratic. The wave patterns are still too irregular. Wait. I've found the right amplitude. There. The patterns are steadier. For now. The vertex waves indicate a K-complex corresponding to an REM state. He's reliving memories. It's a natural side effect of neural stimulation. Look at this. The organisms' metabolism has changed. I wonder if the stimulation is affecting them somehow. I'm going to refocus the impulse pattern on the interpretative cortex. Exactly. We'll see if that has an effect on the microbes. [Justice - Edo Council Chambers] Something wrong? As in erotic? The organisms responded all right. Their growth rate has doubled. Now we know the organism's growth rate is related to the memories he's experiencing. Different mental processes generate different chemicals. Perhaps the organisms are sensitive to brain endorphins. Others will repel them. I'm going to change the differential current pattern and see what happens. [Skin of Evil] I'm losing life signs. I'm sorry. [Sickbay] Growth rate has definitely slowed. What is he feeling? Can you tell? Which is the opposite of before, and it's having the opposite effect on the infection. And negative emotions Produce endorphins that inhibit the organisms' growth. Assuming we're not too late already. I'm not sure. His vital signs are getting weaker. I don't want to risk another dose of tricordrazine unless I have to. I must refocus the pattern again. We need to isolate memories that generate stronger negative emotions. [A Matter of Honour - Pagh Bridge] I know I can count on every Klingon warrior in this crew to serve and die in that battle. So I ask you again, Commander Riker. Where are your loyalties? We've reduced the growth rate even further, but not enough. And his vital signs are deteriorating. They must be producing a type of endorphin that's poisonous to the organisms. I can refocus the impulse pattern even tighter. But I don't know if he can withstand it. He's extremely weak. No. If we don't neutralise the infection, within half an hour he'll be dead. Medical log, supplemental. Commander Riker's condition is still critical. I've discovered a way to reverse the infection's growth rate, but I may be too late. [Sickbay] Respiration shallow, heartbeat extremely irregular, but we can't delay any longer. [Symbiosis - Observation lounge] (T'Jon uses his electric power on Riker) The growth rate's down to seven percent. The organisms are still impairing his neural functions. Respiration's erratic, pulse grossly irregular, blood pressure almost nil. Tricordrazine. That's not good enough. [Conspiracy - Room] (Remmick's neck bulges with movement) Sickbay to Bridge. We've eradicated the infection. How do you feel? You'll be pleased to know that we've terminated the infection. Lie still. I have a few dozen tests to run first. There may be some residual memory loss. I just want to be sure you still know who you are. (Data and Picard have entered and are now at his bedside. Riker looks straight at them)
