Welcome to the afterlife, Jean-Luc. You're dead. I told you. You're dead. This is the afterlife, and I'm God. Blasphemy! You're lucky I don't cast you out, or smite you or something. The bottom line is, your life ended about five minutes ago, under the inept ministrations of Doctor Beverly Crusher. Very well. If you really require more evidence of your post-mortem status, I guess I'll just have to provide you some. Enough what? He's not the only one who'd like to have a word with you. These are the voices of all the people you've killed throughout the years. Death has made you a little dim, Jean-Luc. These are the voices of all the people who have died through your actions or your inactions. Now, if you have any words of apology or regret, I believe they're all listening. They're a surly bunch, actually, so don't drag this out too long. This is not for me. This is for you, Jean-Luc. This is your opportunity to make peace with your sordid past. Well, now that you've shuffled off the mortal coil, we're free to spend a little time together. Eternity. Now, you're sure you have no regrets or feelings of guilt about your former life? I can't have you whining and complaining through time. You wound me, Jean-Luc. After all, I was not the cause of your death. This was. (He holds up the contraption Kate Pulaski put in him all those seasons ago) Your artificial heart. You might have lived if you had a real one instead of this unreliable piece of technology. By the way, how did you lose yours anyway? Is that a regret I hear? Really? (A Nausicaan and a young man in old-style uniform are fighting. Then a second Nausicaan joins in, and a third stabs the man through the back. The blade sticks out of his chest. The young man falls to his knees, looks at the knife point and laughs, then falls to the floor.) It wasn't very smart of you to take on three Nausicaans, was it? And did I hear a laugh? It's so unlike you, Jean-Luc, to have a sense of humour, especially about getting stabbed through the back. Then you must have been far more interesting. Pity you had to change. So, if you had it to do all over again? Attention on deck, Ensign Picard. That's Captain Q to you, young man. This is no fantasy, I assure you. It's all very real. You're twenty one years old again. A brash young man, fresh out of the Academy. Well, to everyone else you do. Oh, you mortals are so obtuse. Why do you persist in believing that life and death are such static and rigid concepts. Why, I can take your life and give it back to you again with the snap of a finger. You said you regretted a great many things in your life. Well, here's a chance to change some of them. Please. Spare me your egotistical musings on your pivotal role in history. Nothing you do here will cause the Federation to collapse or galaxies to explode. To be blunt, you're not that important. Oh, very well. Since you attach so much importance to the continuity of time, I will give you my personal guarantee that nothing you do here will end up hurting anyone, or have an adverse affect on what you know of as history. The only thing at stake here is your life and your peace of mind. Now, whether you believe me or not, you are here, and you have a second chance. What you choose to do with it is entirely up to you. Do you know where you are? That's right. It's two days before your unfortunate encounter with a Nausicaan sword. You have that long to make whatever changes you wish. If you can avoid getting stabbed through the heart this time, which I doubt, I will take you back to what you think of as the present. And you can go on with your life with a real heart. Of course you'll die. It'll just be at a later time. Then you die on the table, and we spend eternity together. I'm glad you think so. I am curious about one thing, Johnny. Why did that rather attractive woman strike you just now? Something you said? I'd no idea you were such a cad. I'm impressed. Well, carry on. [Bonestell Facility bar] Penny for your thoughts? You never told me you were such a lady's man. Looks like your friends know how to have fun. You ought to take lessons. (The gang are playing a variation of pool where the ball bounces off coloured lights on the table) Excuse me. [Bonestell Facility casino] I see you've found your Nausicaan friend. You seem unimpaled so far. Ensign Zweller seems to be doing well. Really? I'm beginning to like these Nausicaans. And will you help your best friend avenge this injustice? Picard, you cheated? Picard, I'm impressed. That's a beautiful story. It gets you right here, doesn't it? Flowers! Is there a John Luck Pickard here? Did I interrupt anything sordid, I hope? Pity. She's quite attractive. Is that another regret I hear? My, my. We're simply riddled with regrets about our youth, now aren't we? But you wish it had been more than just friendship, don't you? Well, maybe you can change all that. I thought you'd like to know that Mister Zweller has decided not to take your advice. He's in the Bonestell Facility right now, rigging the table to beat the Nausicaan. I guess you weren't that persuasive. [Bonestell Facility casino] (Corey is under the don-jot table with a screwdriver) Morning, darling. Feeling a little jumpy this morning? Are we guilty, perhaps? No? We're just friends, Q, nothing more. So what's next? I'm sure. [Bonestell Facility bar] Well, let's see. You've managed to get slapped by one woman, a drink thrown in your face by another, and alienate your two best friends. Doing very well so far. The only thing left to avoid is getting stabbed through the heart. [Bonestell Facility casino] Congratulations, mon capitaine. You did it. (German accent) Vell, vell, vell. Vhat seems to be de trouble, Lieutenant Picard? I've done exactly as I promised. I've returned you to the present. Nothing has changed, Jean-Luc, except for you. But then again, that's what you wanted, wasn't it? To change the man you were in your youth? Well, you did it. This is the man you are today. And You should be happy. You have a real heart beating in your chest, and you get to live out the rest of your life in safety, running tests, making analyses, and carrying reports to your superiors. [Ten Forward] (Riker and Troi are at a table) I gave you something most mortals never experience. A second chance at life. And now all you can do is complain? Au contraire, he's the person you wanted to be. One who was less arrogant, and undisciplined as a youth. One who was less like me. The Jean-Luc Picard you wanted to be, the one who did not fight the Nausicaan, had quite a different career from the one you remember. That Picard never had a brush with death, never came face to face with his own mortality, never realised how fragile life is or how important each moment must be. So his life never came into focus. He drifted for much of his career, with no plan or agenda, going from one assignment to the next, never seizing the opportunities that presented themselves. He never lead the away team on Milika Three to save the ambassador, or take charge of the Stargazer's Bridge when its Captain was killed. And no one ever offered him a command. He learned to play it safe. And he never, ever got noticed by anyone. Are you asking me for something, Jean-Luc? Before you died in Sickbay. Is that what you want?
Jean-Luc, it's wonderful to see you again. How about a big hug? Well don't just stand there, say something. Oh, and I was hoping for something more along the lines of, welcome back, Q, it's a pleasure to see you again my old friend." You wound me, mon capitaine. (a snap of fingers swaps their places) There, perhaps now your manners will show some improvement. Oh, hardly. They're still apologising to me for the last time. Do I always have to have a reason to stop by? I was merely in the sector, I. You force a confession from me. The truth is, I have a debt to repay. To you. And it gnaws at me, and it interferes with each of my days. Without your assistance at our last encounter, I never would have survived. I would have taken my own life but for you. Your good deed made possible my reinstatement in the Continuum, and I resent owing you anything. So, I'm here to pay up. Tell me, what is it you wish and I'll be gone. No, no, no, no, no. It has to be something more, more constructive. That's my new word for the day. Yes, your speech. I read it. It's dull, plodding, pedantic, much like yourself. I could help you with it. You've never actually been to the ruins at Tagus Three, have you? Well, that explains it, then. How can you write about something that you've never seen. I know, why don't I take you there? (Q is now wearing a safari suit, complete with pith helmet and shorts) Must you always be so ethical? I suppose we could travel back in time. You could see what Tagus was like two billion years ago. They really knew how to party back in those days. You are simply the most impossible person to buy a gift for. (Q disappears) Sleeping alone? I knew there was something different about you. You seem tense, preoccupied, somewhat smaller. At first I thought it was that horrible lecture of yours, but I was mistaken. I had such high hopes for you, Picard. I thought you were a bit more evolved than the rest of your species. But now I realise you're just as weak as all the others. Still, it pains me to see the great Jean-Luc Picard brought down by a woman. Don't play coy with me, Captain. I witnessed your little spat with Vash. Nor will I soon forget the look of anguish on your face. The pain, the misery. If I didn't know better, I would have thought you were already married. This human emotion, love, is a dangerous thing, Picard, and obviously you are ill-equipped to handle it. She's found a vulnerability in you. A vulnerability I've been looking for for years. If I had known sooner, I would have appeared as a female. Mark my words, Picard, this is your Achilles heel. Do you deny that you care for this woman? Believe me, I'd be doing you a big favour if I turned her into a Klabnian eel. I was just trying to help. My debt to you You would have me stand idly by as she lead you to your destruction? As you wish. [Meeting room] (looking remarkably like the ship's theatre. Picard enters in dress uniform. Senior staff are at the back, normally dressed) I would prefer if you addressed me as His Honour the High Sheriff of Nottingham. Fine. stay here and do nothing. By midday tomorrow, your crew will be safely aboard their ship. Of course, you will have to accept the consequences of your inaction. What is the one thing that Robin Hood is most famous for? Besides that. Yes, Data. And it just so happens that Sir Guy of Gisbourne has decreed that Marian's head shall come off tomorrow at noon. It's your choice, Robin. You can either take your ease in this sylvan glade or risk your life to save the woman you care nothing about. Yes, but what about your merry men? Are you willing to jeopardise their lives as well? Is Vash's life worth more than Data's or Troi's or Worf's? You know, Worf, you'd make a perfect throw rug in Nottingham Castle. Oh, that's impossible. You see, I've given this fantasy as you call it, a life of its own. I have no more idea what's going to happen than you do. But of one thing I am absolutely sure. If you dare come to Nottingham Castle, blood will be spilt. [Marian's chambers] A touch sharper, shall we? (Guy leads Vash out. She carries a bouquet of flowers) Such benevolence, Sir Guy. Allowing the condemned prisoner fresh air? What? But that's impossible? Don't drink that! It could be poison. A foul scheme of Robin Hood's. She's in league with him still, I'll warrant. All of Nottingham knows you're still in love with him. Sir Guy, if anyone's been bewitched here, it's you. Intriguing. (all of which has been overheard by Robin/Jean-Luc in disguise) [Marian's chamber] (someone climbs the outside wall and opens the window) Congratulations, Sir Guy. I see you've snared the jackal. Out. (the nurse leaves) I've come to apologise for my harsh words. I had no idea that you were so ruthless. I admit I was surprised, but no more surprised than Jean-Luc. Yes. And you are a very interesting woman. What is this? A letter to Riker. Quick, Come to Castle. Save the Captain. Why, this is wonderful. What marvellous duplicity. You certainly fooled Sir Guy, and me as well. I think you're worth further study. Yes, but unfortunately we just don't have the time. Guards! Take this traitor away. It appears there's going to be a double execution. [Castle courtyard] (Four cowled monks walk in front of the camera. The headsman is ready at his block. The prisoners are escorted in.) Don't the two of you ever stop arguing? Now, tell me, Robin, as you stand here facing the termination of your insect existence, do you see what brought you to this end? Was she worth it? She is many things, none of them innocent. A gallant gesture, Robin, but a futile one. Farewell. I hope the two of you are happy together. (the outlaws are in position) My compliments, Picard. I doubt Robin Hood himself could have done much better. Sadly enough, they're all fine, but my point is they could have been killed, and so might have you. All for the love of a maid. My debt to you, Picard, is paid. If you've learned how weak and vulnerable you really are, if you finally see how love has brought out the worst in you Oh, you're good. You're really good. Indeed. [Meeting room] (the delegates have all gone, and the crew are in their uniforms) After all, she has the entire universe to choose from. Now, Jean-Luc, let's not be unkind. We're going to have fun. I'm going to take her places no human has ever seen. She will not be harmed, Jean-Luc. I promise you that. Well, are you going to kiss her goodbye? All right. (Q vanishes) Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot my hat. (Q vanishes, Picard and Vash kiss)
Mon capitane. I thought you'd never get here. It's Judge Q to you. And isn't it obvious what's going on? Seven years ago. How little do you mortals understand time. Must you be so linear, Jean-Luc? I believe my exact words were a dangerous, savage, child race. Oh, you'd like me to connect the dots for you, lead you from A to B to C so your puny mind can comprehend. How boring. They'd be so much more entertained if you tried to figure it out. I'll answer any ten questions that call for a yes or a no. Well? No. I'd have to say yes. Most definitely yes. No and no. Five down. Is it a Romulan plot? Is it a ploy to start a war? Those are separate questions. No, no, no. You're going to be so surprised when you realise where it came from, if you ever figure it out. I'll answer that question if you promise you won't tell anyone. (in Picard's ear) Yes. Sorry. That's not a yes or no question. You forfeit the rest of your questions. I expected as much. You're such a limited creature. A perfect example of why we made our decision. The trial never ended, Captain. We never reached a verdict. But now we have. You're guilty. Of being inferior. Seven years ago I said we'd be watching you, and we have been, hoping that your ape-like race would demonstrate some growth, give some indication that your minds have room for expansion. But what have we seen instead? You worrying about Commander Riker's career, listening to Counsellor Troi's pedantic psychobabble, indulging Data in his witless exploration of humanity. In your own paltry, limited way. You have no idea how far you still have to go. But instead of using the last seven years to change and to grow, you have squandered them. Oh, but it is, and we have. Time may be eternal, Captain, but our patience is not. It's time to put an end to your trek through the stars, make room for other more worthy species. You obtuse piece of flotsam. You are to be denied existence. Humanity's fate has been sealed. You will be destroyed. I? There you go again, always blaming me for everything. Well this time I'm not your enemy. I'm not the one that causes the annihilation of mankind. You are. That's right. You're doing it right now. You did it before and you'll do it again. He doesn't understand. I have only myself to blame, I suppose. I believed in you. I thought you had potential. But apparently I was wrong. May whatever god you believe in have mercy on your soul. This court stands adjourned. [Bridge] Eh? What was that she said, sonny? I couldn't quite hear her. Where's your mommy? Well, I don't know. There is an answer, Jean-Luc, but I can't hand it to you. Although you do have help. You're not alone, you know. What you were and what you are to become will always with you. You're forgetting, Jean-Luc. You destroy humanity. It's a pretty big decision, Jean-Luc. Tinkering with an anomaly you know nothing about, trying to collapse it. Isn't that risky? Maybe. On the other hand, maybe leaving it alone would be the wrong thing to do. It's a pretty big decision, all right. Would it help to have a different perspective? [Primordial Earth] Welcome home. Don't you recognise your old stomping grounds? This is Earth, France, about, oh, three and a half billion years ago, give or take an eon or two. Smells awful, doesn't it? All that sulphur and volcanic ash. I really must speak to the maid. Look. (a purple sky is dominated by a swirling white) At this point in history the anomaly fills your entire quadrant of the galaxy. Come here. There's something I want to show you. You see this? (a sludge filled pond) This is you. I'm serious. Right here, life is about to form on this planet for the very first time. A group of amino acids are about to combine and form the first protein, the building blocks of what you call life. Strange, isn't it? Everything you know, your entire civilisation, it all begins right here in this little pond of goo. Appropriate, somehow, isn't it? Too bad you didn't bring your microscope. It's really quite fascinating. Oh, look, there they go. The amino acids are moving closer and closer, and closer. Oh! Nothing happened. See what you've done? Congratulations. [Past - Engineering] Two down, one to go. Goodbye, Jean-Luc. I'm going to miss you. You had such potential. But then again, all good things must come to an end. The Continuum didn't think you had it in you, Jean-Luc, but I knew you did. Is that all this meant to you? Just another spatial anomaly? Just another day at the office? Well, you're here, aren't you? You're talking to me, aren't you? The anomaly. My crew. My ship. I suppose you're worried about your fish, too. Well, if it puts your mind at ease, you've saved humanity once again. For what? I was the one that got you into it. A directive from the Continuum. The part about the helping hand, thought, was my idea. You just don't get it, do you, Jean-Luc? The trial never ends. We wanted to see if you had the ability to expand your mind and your horizons. And for one brief moment, you did. Exactly. For that one fraction of a second, you were open to options you had never considered. That is the exploration that awaits you. Not mapping stars and studying nebulae, but charting the unknowable possibilities of existence. You'll find out. In any case, I'll be watching. And if you're very lucky, I'll drop by to say hello from time to time. See you out there. [Corridor] (Troi and Worf are about to kiss when Picard comes out of the turbolift in his dressing gown)
And why shouldn't they? They're so inconvenient. Mon Capitane. Of course. I needed to find out if what I suspected about the girl were true. That she's Q. Well, not exactly. They had assumed human form in order to visit Earth, I suppose for amusement. But in vulgar human fashion they proceeded to conceive a child. And then like mawkish humans, they became attached to it. What is it about those squirming little infants that you find so appealing? I desperately hope so. They died in an accident. None of us knew whether she had inherited the capacities of the Q, but recently they've began to emerge, and as an expert in humanity, I was sent to investigate. Not a very challenging field of study, I grant you. Then I would've known she wasn't a Q. Instruct here. If that child does not learn how to control her power, she may accidently destroy herself. Or all of you. Or perhaps your entire galaxy. You're quite right I wouldn't. But there are those in the Continuum who have an over-exaggerated sense of responsibility. They think that we need to take precautions to keep the little dear from running amuck. And leave her here? Of course not. She'll come back to the Continuum, where she belongs. I assure you I can. I'm rescuing her from that miserable existence. Mon Capitane, I really think that we need to speak privately. (so Q and Picard vanish) [Ready room] Well, there, that's better. Crusher gets more shrill with each passing year. Well, since you know so much about the Q, I thought you'd the perfect person to introduce me to the child. Let her know she can trust me. Well she'd better, because I'm all she's got. She needs me to help her prepare for her future with the Q. Oh, yes, yes, yes. Do you think she'll want to remain an enfeebled mortal? Pals? I knew I could count on you, Jean-Luc. [Bridge] There's my girl! (Picard enters the conventional way) Very impressive the way you contained that explosion. What else have you done? Telekinesis? Teleportation? Spontaneous combustion of someone you didn't like? That sort of thing. And you handled that very well. That's why I gave you a greater challenge. The warp core breach. (Q grasps her face and stares into her eyes) She has potential, this one. I see no reason why she can't come back to the Continuum right now. Don't worry. With time you'll overcome the disadvantages you suffered as a child. No one will hold it against you for having been human. Let's go. (Amanda sends Q flying across the room) You're overreacting as usual, Picard. I was merely testing her power. She's quite a little spitfire, now isn't she? I think I've been perfectly clear. The Continuum has a vested interest in this young woman. She was being impetuous. She'll just have to start behaving like a Q. Your progress, Q? As anticipated, there are some problems. I need time. However, there is a possibility we won't have to terminate her. [Amanda's quarters] (Q starts to walk through her door, then thinks better of it and rings the doorbell) Hello, my dear. I've been told I behaved badly. I apologise. Apparently you had every reason to chastise me. But, then again, what's done is done. Right? Anything. It would be so much easier to show you than to tell you. If you would agree to take a short visit to the Continuum Well. to put it simply, we're omnipotent. There's nothing, nothing we can't do. Anything we want. I think you've missed the point, my dear. Clearly, you've spent far too much time with humans. As a Q, you can have your heart's desire, instantly, whatever that may be. Would you like precious jewels? Works of art? Would you like to walk along the rings of Tautine? Of course not. You're a Q. But surely there must be something that you want? Something that you never dreamed was possible. Tell me, Amanda. What is it? How quaint. So do it. Summon the image. Think about them. Evoke the memory. You can do it, Amanda. Trust me. Close your eyes. Close your eyes. In your mind, return to the time when you were an infant. Think about your parents. Remember them. Good. Good. Now, open your eyes. (there is a young couple with a baby sitting in front of her) I thought she'd never leave. It's time for another lesson. What are you doing? Fascinating. I've just had a splendid idea. Why don't we combine what you're doing with our lesson, and we'll show you how to finish in no time. Why? I'm sure she'll be delighted if we sped things along. Think what it would mean. You could double, even triple the work load. Good. Now, as you take a look at the tissue samples, form an image in your mind. [Bridge] Well, if it isn't Number Two. You're attracted to him. I think you are. How repulsive. How do you stand that hair all over his face? (Beverly enters) Don't be sorry. If she wants to make things difficult on herself, that's her business. She's a Q. Making her plod through human chores is beneath her. That doesn't mean she should be bored to death. You wouldn't be capable of interfering. Well, when you put it like that, I think you're absolutely right. [Bridge] Have you been practicing your teleportation? Well, it won't do to be sloppy. You should hone your abilities. I have a wonderful idea. Why don't we play a little game? I'll hide somewhere on the ship and you find me. Don't worry, Amanda. You can do it. [Shuttlebay two] (Amanda reveals that Q has disguised himself as a container) Not bad. Not bad at all. [Engineering] You're still thinking like a human. [Enterprise hull] (They are standing on the rear hull, and Amanda is entranced by being in space.) [Amanda's quarters] Now do you understand? What do humans have to offer you that even begins to compare with that? Your future contains wonders you can't even imagine. The universe could be your playground. (doorbell) You don't have to eat, you know. It's a nasty human habit you could easily do without. (Q vanishes and Amanda opens the door) Bon jour, mon Capitane. You wanted to talk with me? We found it incomprehensible. What are you driving at, Picard? Well, you never can predict the weather. If you say so. I wasn't there. And what if they were? Don't be foolish, Picard. She has no choice. She never did. If she's truly Q, then she must return to the Continuum where she belongs. But if she were some kind of hybrid, neither human nor Q, then (a gesture) Don't be naive. You have no idea what it means to be Q. With unlimited power comes responsibility. Do you think it is reasonable for us to allow omnipotent beings to roam free through the universe? I haven't decided yet. Captain's log, stardate 46193.8. We have arrived at Tagra Four and have begun delivering supplies. In the meantime, I am faced with a crisis of a different nature. [Observation lounge] She's such a plucky little thing, now, isn't she. I really do enjoy you, you know. Superior morality. The jury is still out on that, Picard, make no mistake. Jean-Luc, sometimes I think the only reason I come here is to listen to these wonderful speeches of yours. But this time, your concern is unwarranted. We've decided not to harm her. And we're prepared to offer her a choice. You can either come to the Continuum with me Now this choice is more difficult. You have it within yourself the ability to refrain from using the power of Q. If you can do that, you can stay here. Think about this. This is not so easy. Your parents were given this choice and they were unable to resist the temptation of using their power. Not this time, Picard. (Q vanishes) I told you it would be harder to resist than you thought. Well, now that you've come to your senses, let's go.
Red alert. Captain's log, supplemental. We are no closer to finding a solution to the deteriorating orbit of the Bre'el Four moon, but with the arrival of Q, we now have a good idea of the cause. [Bridge] These aren't my colours. And what are you blathering about, Riker? Whose lives? I haven't the vaguest idea what you're talking about and I have a much more serious problem. I'm no longer a member of the Continuum. My superiors have decided to punish me. They said I've spread chaos through the universe, and they've stripped me of all my powers. You don't believe me, do you? Do you think I would humiliate myself like this? It's the truth. I stand before you defrocked. Condemned to be a member of this lowest of species. A normal, imperfect, lumpen human being. No, it was my request. I could have chosen to exist as a Markoffian sea lizard or a Belzoidian flea. Anything I wished as long as it was mortal. And since I only had a fraction of a second to mull and I chose this and asked them to bring me here. Because in all the universe you're the closest thing I have to a friend, Jean-Luc. What, is there an echo in here? How rude. Your compassion. All right, Sanctuary on this ship, dreary as it may sound to both of us. I have no powers. Q the ordinary. Q the miserable. Q the desperate. What must I do to convince you people? Oh, very clever, Worf. Eat any good books lately? Absolutely. You can't do this to me, Jean-Luc. Given the option, I'll walk. You've disappointed me, Jean-Luc. I'm very disappointed. Hey, I'm claustrophobic, I don't like it in here. [Turbolift] It was a mistake. I never should have picked human. I knew it the minute I said it. To think of the future in this shell. Forced to cover myself with fabric because of some outdated human morality. To say nothing of being too hot or too cold, growing feeble with age, losing my hair, catching a disease, being ticklish, sneezing, having an itch, a pimple, bad breath. Having to bathe. Klingon. I should have said Klingon. In my heart of hearts, I am a Klingon, Worf. (Q puts his hand on Worf's shoulder and quickly removes it) Sorry. So you understand I could never survive in confinement. I mean, this is cruel and unusual punishment. The universe has been my back yard. As a fellow Klingon, if you would speak to the Captain on my behalf, I would be eternally grateful. which doesn't mean as much as it used to, I admit. I can't disappear any more than you could win a beauty contest. [Brig] If I ask a very simple question, do you think you might be able to answer it without it troubling your intellect too much? (He enters the cell) Ready? Here goes. Would I permit you to lock me away if I still had all my powers? Perspicacity incarnate. Please don't feel compelled now to tell me the story of the boy who cried Worf. I demand to be let out of here, immediately. Do you hear me? You will deactivate this cell immediately! Romulan! (Worf leaves) I should have said Romulan, that Klingon goat! [Ready room] Ah, you've come to apologise. How nice. All's forgiven. No offense taken. Well, how can I know what's going on? I've been in this dungeon of yours, alone, helpless, bored to tears. I wasn't aware of this. Truthfully, Jean-Luc. I have been entirely preoccupied by a most frightening experience of my own. A couple of hours ago, I realising that my body was no longer functioning properly. I felt weak. I could no longer stand. The life was oozing out of me. I lost consciousness. Terrifying. How can you stand it day after day? What other dangers await me? I'm not prepared for this. I need guidance. Jean-Luc, wait! (walks into the forcefield) This is getting on my nerves, now that I have them. You have a moon in a deteriorating orbit. I've known moons through the universe. Big ones, small ones. I'm an expert. I could help you with this one, if you let me out of here. I don't have any powers. But I have the knowledge, locked up in this puny brain. You cannot afford to not take that advantage, can you? I'm not worried about that, Jean-Luc. You only dislike me. There are others in the cosmos who truly despise me. (Data enters) Can I have a Starfleet uniform? What are you looking at? It's the ghastly truth, Mister Data. I can now stub my toe with the best of them. Humans are such commonplace little creatures. They roam the galaxy looking for something, they know not what. There's certainly room for improvement, but the truth is, Data, they are a minor species in the grand scheme. Not worth your envy. Well, that's good. Well, if you ask me, these human emotions are not what they're cracked up to be. [Engineering] This is incredible. I think I just hurt my back. I'm feeling pain. I don't like it. What's the right thing to say? Ow? Ow! I can't straighten up. Yes, yes, your marvellous plan will not only tear the moon to pieces but your precious ship as well. I would certainly begin by examining the cause and not the symptom. This is obviously the result of a large celestial object passing through at near right angles to the plane of the star system. Probably a black hole. Simple. Change the gravitational constant of the universe. Change the gravitational constant of the universe, thereby altering the mass of the asteroid. You just do it. Where's that Doctor, anyway? Oh. In that case, never mind. (Crusher enters) Ah, Doctor Crusher. I see Starfleet has shipped you back into exile. I've been under a lot of pressure lately. Family problems. Your bedside manner is admirable, Doctor. I'm sure your patients recover quickly just to get away from you. Glad I could help. Ow. I think. There's something wrong with my stomach. It's making noises. I've never eaten before. What do I ask for? What do you like? Is it good? It doesn't sound very appealing. What else is there? How do I know what I desire? I'm in a dreadful mood. Get me something appropriate. Chocolate? I'll have ten chocolate sundaes. I'm in a really bad mood, and since I've never eaten before, I should be very hungry. (We hear the doors open and close) This is not a moment I've been looking forward to. I like to think of it as a significant career change. One of the boys with an IQ of two thousand and five. Argh! This is a dangerous creature. You have no idea. Why Picard would make her a member of the crew and not me I'm warning you. I still have friends in high places. From now on I'll do missionary work, okay? Sure, the robot who teaches the course in humanities. I beg your pardon. What? I'm not hungry. [Bridge] Help me! Somebody, help me! The Calamarain are not very hospitable creatures. They exist as swirls of ionised gas. Nothing bizarre, nothing grotesque. A subjective term, Riker. One creature's torment, is another creature's delight. They simply have no sense of humour, a character flaw with which you can personally identify. Oh, I take it back. You do have a sense of humour. A dreadful one at that. One can never anticipate the Calamarain. They're very intelligent, but very flighty. It had occurred to me. You're very smart, Jean-Luc, but I know human beings. They're all sopping over with compassion and forgiveness. They can't wait to absolve almost any offence. It's an inherent weakness in the breed. You call it what you will, but I think you'll protect me even though I've tortured you now and again. But I could be a valuable member of the team. I'm human, I can learn. Picard thinks I can't cut it on his starship. I can do anything his little trained minions can do. I'm not interested in human interpersonal relationships. I just want to prove to Picard that I'm indispensable. [Turbolift] It's so hard. I'm not good in groups. It's difficult working in a group when you're omnipotent. [Bridge] All right, everyone, this is what we're going to be doing. La Forge, obviously my knowledge and experience far exceed yours by about a billion times. So, if you'll just step aside gracefully. Don't be foolish. That would be a waste of my talents. Who does he think he is, giving me orders. Two seventeen. The two parts of the moon will have different inertial densities. I doubt it. And if you're wrong, the moon will crumble due to subspace compression. Don't say I didn't warn you. I will not be spoken to in this manner! Let us not overstate the matter here, Doctor. I'm mortal and I survived. The cheers are overwhelming. He's strong, he'll survive. You're right, of course. I am extraordinarily selfish. But it has served me so well in the past. Don't be so hard on me, Jean-Luc. You've been a mortal all your life. You know all about dying. I've never given it a second thought. Or a first one, for that matter. I could have been killed. If it hadn't been for Data and that one brief delay he created, I would have been gone. No more me. And no one would have missed me, would they? Data may have sacrificed himself for me. Why? When I ask myself if I would have done the same for him, And I am forced to answer no, I feel, I feel ashamed. It is a joke. A joke on me. The joke of the universe. The king who would be man. As I learn more and more what it is to be human, I am more and more convinced that I would never make a good one. I don't have what it takes. Without my powers, I'm frightened of everything. I'm a coward, and I'm miserable, and I can't go on this way. [Sickbay] (Q enters. Data is sitting up) There are creatures in the universe who would consider you the ultimate achievement, android. No feelings, no emotions, no pain. And yet you covet those qualities of humanity. Believe me, you're missing nothing. But if it means anything to you, you're a better human than I. [Turbolift] Where's the main shuttlebay? Take me there. [Bridge] Don't try to talk me out of it, Jean-Luc. I just can't get used to following orders. It's easier this way. They won't bother you after I'm gone. Please, don't fall back on your tired cliché of charging to the rescue just in the nick of time. I don't want to be rescued. My life as a human being has been a dismal failure. Perhaps my death will have a little dignity. Yes, I suppose you're right. Death of a coward, then. So be it. But as a human, I would have died of boredom. Q! You flatter me. I was only trying to put a quick end to a miserable existence. Yeah. What are you doing here? I always felt you were in my corner. I wasn't the one who misplaced the entire Deltived asteroid belt. Well, I hope I've been entertaining you. A genetic weakness of the race. Really? Well, if the Calamarains hurry up and finish me off, we can get you back on your way. It was a teeny bit selfless, wasn't it? I've learned my lesson, Q. So they wanted to destroy me, did they? (The Calamarain are in the palm of his hand) If you think I tormented you in the past, my little friends, wait until you see what I do with you now. I was just seeing if you were still watching. (Q blows the Calamarain away, gently) [Bridge] Au contraire, mon capitaine! He's back! (Cigars for everyone) I'm forgiven. My brothers and sisters of the Continuum have taken me back. I'm immortal again. Omnipotent again. Don't fret, Riker. My good fortune is your good fortune. (two women are fawning over Will) Oh, you're so stolid, Commander. You weren't like that before the beard. Very well. (the women vanish from Riker and reappear with Worf) But I feel like celebrating. All right. (The women vanish) Yes, once again I've overstayed my welcome. As a human, I was ill-equipped to thank you, but as myself you have my everlasting gratitude. Until next time. Ah, but before I go, there's a debt I wish to repay to my professor of the humanities. Data, I've decided to give you something very, very special. No, no, no, no, no, no. I would never curse you by making you human. Think of it as a going away present. (Q vanishes, and Data turns into a quivering heap of helpless, contagious laughter) Don't bet on it, Picard. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Welcome, Picard, to shuttlecraft six. There, there, haven't we been careless. A little cleaning service I'm only too than happy to provide. (A wave of the hand and the uniform is clean again) I always keep my arrangements, sir. Look, we're nowhere near your vessel. [Corridor] The locator beacon won't help. They'll never think to look for you this far away. I suggest you change your attitude. Petulance does not become you. We have business, Picard. It will in time. [Ten forward] Do we stay out here years? Decades? I am ageless, Picard. You are not. You are an impossibly stubborn human. If I return you to your ship, will you agree to give my request a full hearing? [Ten forward] (a seamless transition to an empty room) You're right Picard. This is the proper venue for our discussion. (Guinan pops up from behind the bar) [Bridge] You! Picard, if you had half the sense you pretend to have, you would get her off your ship immediately. And if you like, I'd be more than pleased to expedite her departure. Those dealings were two centuries ago. This creature is not what she appears to be. She's an imp, and where she goes, trouble always follows. Guinan? Is that your name now? And so I have. I agree, Captain. Enough about this creature. She's diverting us from the purpose of my being here. (Riker enters with Worf) Ah, the redoubtable Commander Riker. And Micro-brain. Growl for me. Let me know you still care. My purpose is to join you. As a member of the crew. Willing and able. Ready to serve. This ship is already home for the indigent, the unwanted, the unworthy. Why not for a homeless entity. Yes. Sir, do you mock me? Captain, at least allow me to present my argument. After our last encounter, I was asked to leave the Q Continuum. Since then, I've been wandering vaguely, bored really, my existence without purpose. Then I remembered all the good times I had with you. Of which you were exonerated. A big mistake that you did not accept my offer. More and more I realise that here, here is where I want to be. Think of the advantages. Now, I neither expect nor require any special treatment. And if necessary, although I can't imagine why, I will renounce my powers and become as weak and incompetent as all of you. No? Oh, Captain, in fairness, let me try, I deserve at least that much. I add a little excitement, a little spice to your lives, and all you do is complain. Where's your adventurous spirit, your imagination. Think, Picard, think. Think of the possibilities. Oh. Well, you may not trust me, but you do need me. You're not prepared for what awaits you. Really? Oh, the arrogance. They don't have a clue as to what's out here. They're moving faster than expected, further than they should. You judge yourselves against the pitiful adversaries you have encountered so far. The Romulans, the Klingons. They are nothing compared to what's waiting. Picard, you are about to move into areas of the galaxy containing wonders more incredible than you can possibly imagine, and terrors to freeze your soul. I offer myself as guide only to be rejected out of hand. What justifies that smugness? We'll just have to see how ready you are. Why? Why, to give you a taste of your future, a preview of things to come. Con permiso, Capitan. The hall is rented, the orchestra engaged. It's now time to see if you can dance. (Q vanishes) Interesting, isn't it? Not a he, not a she. Not like anything you've ever seen. An enhanced humanoid. Understand you? You're nothing to him. He's not interested in your life form. He's just a scout, the first of many. He's here to analyse your technology. He may attempt to gain control of the ship. I wouldn't let him. (The mechanical arm is used to pass a green light to the console) Picard. Picard, are you sure you don't want me as a member of your crew? The Borg is the ultimate user. They're unlike any threat your Federation has ever faced. They're not interested in political conquest, wealth or power as you know it. They're simply interested in your ship, its technology. They've identified it as something they can consume. Oh, please. Oh, no. This is as real as your so called life gets. (And he vanishes) They will follow this ship until you exhaust your fuel. They will wear down your defences. Then you will be theirs. Admit it, Picard. You're out of your league. You should have stayed where you belonged. Captain's log supplemental. We are unable to maintain the gap between the Enterprise and the Borg ship. [Bridge] You can't outrun them. You can't destroy them. If you damage them, the essence of what they are remains. They regenerate and keep coming. Eventually you will weaken, your reserves will be gone. They are relentless. Where's your stubbornness now, Picard, your arrogance? Do you still profess to be prepared for what awaits you? I'll be leaving now. You thought you could handle it, so handle it. Moi? What makes you think I am either inclined or capable to terminate this encounter? That was a difficult admission. Another man would have been humiliated to say those words. Another man would have rather died than ask for help. If you can't take a little bloody nose, maybe you ought to go back home and crawl under your bed. It's not safe out here. It's wondrous, with treasures to satiate desires both subtle and gross, but it's not for the timid. (Q vanishes and everyone is back in his own seat)
Humans, I thought by now you would have scampered back to your own little star system. We the Q have studied our recent contact with you, and are impressed. We have much to discuss, including perhaps the realisation of your most impossible dream. You will abandon that mission, Captain. My business with you takes precedence. If my magnificence blinds you, then perhaps something more familiar. (Flash, and the familiar human shape of John de Lancie, this time costumed as) Starfleet Admiral Q, at your service. Captain's log, supplemental. Our rescue mission to the Sigma Three solar system has been halted by an immense grid and an untimely visit from Q [Bridge] Neither am I an Aldebaran serpent, Captain, but you accepted me as such. The redoubtable Commander Riker, whom I noticed before. You seem to find this all very amusing. Your species is always suffering and dying. Pity. You might have learned an interesting lesson. Macro head with a micro brain. Subject to your foolish human values? Oh, come, Picard. Why do you distrust me so? And that angered you, did it? Seized my vessel, seized my vessel. The Q became interested in you. Does no one here understand your incredible good fortune? Seized my vessel. These are the complaints of a closed mind too accustomed to military privileges. But you, Riker, and I remember you well, what do you make of my offer? Games? Did someone say games? And perchance for interest's sake, a deadly game? To the game. (A flash, and Picard is alone on the Bridge) [Planet surface] (sand and rocks under a green sky with yellow horizon) Join me, Riker. A good game needs rules and planning. Wasn't it your own Hartley who said, nothing reveals humanity so well as the games it plays? Almost right. Actually, you reveal yourselves best in how you play. And so it became that. An excellent thirst quencher. It gets rather hot out on this plain. Whatever they'd like, of course! (Glasses appear in everyone's hands. Worf ostentatiously pours his onto the ground) Drink not with thine enemy. The rigid Klingon code. That explains something of why you defeated them. Au contraire! It's the human future which intrigues us, and should concern you most. You see, of all species, yours cannot abide stagnation. Change is at the heart of what you are. But change into what? That's the question. You mean hardly original? True. I borrowed this from your stodgy Captain's mind. This is dressing for a game that we will play. Now games require rules and rewards and dangers and familiar settings. That sort of thing. Well, do you think I would go from a Starfleet Admiral to anything else? Well, as you said, I'm nothing if not imaginative. And the game should reflect that. Shall it be a test of strength? Meaningless, since you have none. A test of intelligence, then? Equally as meaningless. But it needs risk, something to win and something to lose. The greatest possible future that you can imagine. Which, of course, requires something totally disastrous if you lose. Now the point of this game shall be, can any of you can stay alive? Oh, for shame, Worf. Fairness is such a human concept. Think imaginatively! This game shall in fact be completely unfair. Game penalty! (Tasha vanishes) To use a twentieth century term, she's in a penalty box. Where she will remain unharmed unless one of you merits a penalty. Unfortunately, there is only one penalty box. If any of you should be sent there, dear Tasha must give the box up to you. Into nothingness. I entreat you to carefully obey the rules of the game. The only one who can destroy your Tasha now is you. [Bridge] Consorting with lower rank females, Captain? Especially ones in penalty boxes? Destructive to discipline, they say. But then again, you're what? You're only human? Penalty over. One takes what jobs he can get. For example, star log entry, stardate today. This is Q, speaking for Captain Jean-Luc Picard, who we consider too bound by Starfleet customs and traditions to be useful to us. The Enterprise is now helpless, stuck like an Earth insect in amber while its bridge crew plays out a game whose real intent is to test whether the First Officer is worthy of the greatest gift the Q can offer. Shall we wager on that, Captain? Your starship command against? Done! You've already lost, Picard. Riker will be offered something impossible to refuse. [Planet surface] Concern regarding them. Why these games? Why, the play's the thing. And I'm surprised you have to ask when your human Shakespeare explained it all so well. It's a pity you don't know the content of your own library. Hear this, Picard, and reflect. All the galaxy's a stage. Oh, you know that one? Well, if he were living now he would have said galaxy. How about this? Life is but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more. It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing. Oh, thank you very much. I'm glad you enjoyed it. Perhaps maybe a little Hamlet? Surely you don't really see your species like that, do you? Use your power. (The real Data reappears) Use your power. (Riker holds up his hand and beams Worf, Data and Geordi away) [Bridge] (The forcefield vanishes while Tasha is sitting alone on the Bridge. Everything comes back to life and Picard comes out of the Ready room) Something amuses you? Perhaps you'll share the joke with me? Strange gratitude, from one who has been granted a gift beyond any human dream. How can you not appreciate being able to send your friends back to their ship, or sending the soldiers back to the nothingness from which they came? Certainly, you must understand that at this moment you can send yourself back to the ship or to Earth, or change your shape and become anything else you want to be. Need? Want something from you foolish, fragile, non-entities? Oh come, Riker. You're beginning to sound like your Captain. Riker, we have offered you a gift beyond all other gifts! After Farpoint, I returned to where we exist. The Q Continuum. The limitless dimensions of the galaxy in which we exist. Of course you don't, and you never will until you become one of us. Well if you'll stop interrupting me. This is hardly a time to be teaching you the true nature of the universe. However, at Farpoint we saw you as savages only. We discovered instead that you are unusual creatures in your own limited ways. Ways which in time will not be so limited. Yes, the human compulsion. And unfortunately for us, it is a power which will grow stronger century after century, aeon after aeon. Perhaps in a future that you cannot yet conceive, even beyond us. So you see, we must know more about this human condition. That's why we've selected you, Riker, to become part of the Q, so that you can bring to us this human need and hunger, that we may understand it. You're going to miss me! (Q vanishes and the Bridge crew appear) Are these truly your friends, brother? (Everyone turns to see Q in a monk's habit) Let us pray. For understanding and for compassion. I come in search of the truth. I forgive your blasphemy. You offer Riker jealousy. What I offer him is clearly beyond your comprehension. How can you claim friendship for Riker while obstructing his way to the greatest adventure ever offered a human? The truly evil part of this, Captain, is your jealousy. (to Riker) You love each one of your people. Demonstrate it. You have the power to leave each of them with a gift proving your affection. How touching. A plea to his former Captain. May I please give some happiness to my friends, sir? Please sir? No place, micro-brain? What possesses you? But it's easier, boy. Listen to Riker. Human, you have just destroyed yourself. I recall no wager! (to the ceiling) No, if I could just do one more thing.
