(a Ferengi) Nog? What's going on? Commander, my name is Quark. I used to run the local gambling establishment. This is my brother's boy. Surely you can see that he only has a peripheral involvement in all this. We're scheduled to depart tomorrow. If we could be permitted to take him, I promise you he will be severely Not going to leave? But we're packed and ready to go. I don't understand, Commander. Why would you want me to stay? I'm not a thief. If I am, you haven't been able to prove it for four years. Community leader? How could I possibly operate my establishment under Starfleet rules of conduct? Commander, I've made a career out of knowing when to leave, and this Bajoran provisional government is far too provisional for my taste. And when governments fall, people like me are lined up and shot. What'll you have, Commander? You won't like it. I love the Bajorans. Such a deeply spiritual culture, but they make a dreadful ale. Never trust ale from a god-fearing people, or a Starfleet Commander that has one of your relatives in jail. What do you mean? You can't do this. I intend to. This is outrageous. Friends, my apologies. A minor misunderstanding that will be rectified shortly. Give them something to put their winnings into. (A waiter hands over a knapsack.) [Warship corridor] New rules? Very well, very well. Perhaps we could discuss these new rules over a drink. Oh, I love a woman in uniform.
A lot of new faces. Everybody wants a piece of the new frontier. Grapevine says Chief O'Brien and the missus are having problems. You've never coupled? She doesn't like it here. I can so think about it. Not at all. I know for a fact, when she was a he, you know, before she got this new body, they were old friends. He came in on a transport last night. [Quark's cafe] (Sisko and Dax are at their table) Nobody knows him like I know him. Let me tell you something. He's an ill-tempered, over-bearing crosspatch. But he was no Cardassian collaborator and he's no killer. Guess that's the closest thing he has in this world to a friend. (A grey-bearded Bajoran in a cloak and hood watches the men talking. I can find out who did it for you. Well now, there's a piece of good news to brighten my day. Oh, I will, I will. Count on it. I'll have every confidence man in the sector on board by tomorrow. What? I don't think so. You've kept me on my toes for far too long now. Like it or not. You had me going. Yes, you did. You know, I've been asking some friends at Kran-Tobol prison about Ibudan. Whether he made any enemies while he was there. Couldn't find any. Mostly he stayed around the Bajoran dissidents that the Cardassians locked up. [Infirmary]
Welcome back. I could use some help up here. Odo, you'd better hurry up. [Ops] Forty seconds. (The outer airlock door closes and Odo gets to the first manual clamp release) [Ops] Ten seconds! (Odo jettisons the ship and it is hurled away to go KaBOOM at a safe distance, although somehow the shockwaves manage to travel through vacuum to the station) Odo? Quark to Odo. [Ops]
Madame, I distinctly saw you move your wager to the green line after the play was completed. I will return your currency, but you will promptly leave the establishment. You are not welcome here. Don't call me barkeep. I'm not a barkeep. I'm your host, the proprietor. A sympathetic ear to the wretched souls who pass through these portals. A challenge. Perhaps a short adventure in a holosuite? A fantasy encounter with danger. Romance. Thrills. Created for your personal entertainment by the brothers Quark. Then I envy you, Mister Tosk. So far, I'm not impressed with the tourist trade from the Gamma Quadrant. Not one of them has bought a single drink. More trouble with the little woman? Nothing. Nothing. I just thought you might want to talk. Sorry. My mistake. Your face gets very pink when it gets aggravated. Much more so than most other humans. Not me. You came in the door this way. I am a keen observer of behaviour. You want to talk about it? Why not? Try me. Ah-ha. Rules of the game. Go on. Well, rules, rules are always subject to interpretation. (to another customer) So, what's bothering you today? [Ops]
I My name is Quark. It's come to my attention that you have access to certain items. Items that might perhaps turn a tidy profit. For a percentage, I might be able to arrange a buyer for your trinkets. Perhaps an auction. I'll shower you in it. Fifty-fifty. Some wine? (Vash takes hold of his lobes) (ecstasy). You have a talent for oo-mox. I'll not be distracted by your feminine wiles. I demand forty percent. (more oo-mox) All right, thirty. Twenty two and don't stop. Oh, you're good. You're very, very good. (Quark leaves, Q is back) Interesting, but hardly of any intrinsic value. Obviously my associates have more sophisticated tastes than what you're used to. But just so it's not a total loss, I'll take it off your hands for, say, seven bars of gold-press latinum. Ridiculous! All right, eighteen, but you must swear never to tell a soul about my foolish generosity. All right, thirty. Now give it to me. I can't decided what's more intoxicating, this Gamzian wine or your negotiating skills. The lady and I are having a private conversation. I'll wager five bars of latinum on Sisko. You can pay me out of your profits from the auction. You wanted to see me? Make it quick. I have important business. You were eavesdropping on my conversation with Vash. What were you this time? The table? One of the chairs? The wine bottle. I have nothing to hide. I'm selling quality merchandise to a select clientele. They're all ridiculously wealthy and not too bright. Isn't there anything you desire? A suit of the finest Andorian silk? A ring of pure Surax? A complete set of Tanesh pottery? How about a latinum plated bucket to sleep in? (Odo seems to consider it, then dismisses the idea) [Promenade] (Vash is escorted from the assay office with a full rucksack.) Kolos, my friend. I don't know which pleases me more, your smiling face or your overflowing purse. No cause for alarm. Each piece comes complete with a statement of authenticity from Vash, the Federation's foremost expert on the Gamma Quadrant. I don't care about their manners. The important thing is, they're honest collectors of antiquities, every one. As honest as you and I. My dear, I've been thinking. What would you say to a permanent partnership? What with your knowledge of the Gamma Quadrant, and my business connections, we could make a fortune. You won't last a month. You're like me. You live for excitement, adventure and profit. Would you care to make a wager on that? (Big shudder) [Ops] Now, as you know, payment must be in gold pressed latinum, and all transactions are final. Remember, bid high and bid often. Vash, what are you doing? Here, give me that. This isn't the Daystrom Institute. Watch closely. Friends, it's rare, it's beautiful, and it's a Gamma Quadrant original. And it can be yours for the right price. Bidding will start at ten bars of gold pressed latinum. Make it ten. Fifteen? Sixteen? Who'll say seventeen and be the first to own a piece of the Gamma Quadrant? [Ops] Sold to Kolos for thirty-six bars of gold pressed latinum. Next we have a dagger, studded with some very interesting looking gems. Think of it as a weapon and an investment. Bidding will start at forty. Forty. Forty two. Forty five. Don't hold back. You know you want it. Give me fifty. Fifty. We have fifty. Ladies and gentlemen, I assure you, everything is under control. Drinks for everyone. And free use of the holosuites at the conclusion of the auction. And Sold to my cousin Stol for a hundred and five bars of gold pressed latinum. [Ops] (the necklace) Sold to Rul the Obscure for a hundred and fifty one latinum bars. And now, our final item. And I think you'll agree with me it was well worth the wait. (Vash opens the box) Bidding will start at two hundred bars of gold pressed latinum. Two hundred. Can I get two fifty? Two fifty. Three hundred anyone? Three hundred bars of gold pressed latinum. Three hundred and fifty? Four hundred? Four hundred. Five? Five hundred and twenty? (A six-fingered hand is raised.) Six hundred bars of gold press latinum. [Ops] Three thousand bars. A million bars of gold press latinum? A million Going once. A million going twice. Three times. Sold. Sorry, all transactions are final. This item now belongs to that gentleman over there. But I haven't been paid! So, you're off to the Daystrom Institute. Bet you can hardly wait. Long, boring lectures, endless conferences, whining students dogging your every step. Sounds delightful. Of course. No, you wouldn't be interested. I hear they've uncovered the ruins of a Rokai provincial capital on Tartaras Five. If you could obtain some Rokain artefacts Have it your way.
For how long? That could be for days! That's too bad. I'm not shutting down for any Bajoran hearing. Business is business. What are you talking about? Come down? Why? Restrictions? This is blackmail.
Iced raktajino, extra cream. At your service, day or night. Poor woman. She's obviously infatuated with me. There's nothing wrong with a good delusion. I sell them upstairs to dozens of people every day. Besides, there is something in her eyes when she looks at me. I think she's lonely. Ah, but I'm the one with the raktajino machine. Then that must make her the perfect woman for you. You're pathetic. You think everyone in the galaxy should be as lonely and as miserable as you are. As hard as it may be for you to understand, some of us like company. The sound of a friendly voice. The sight of a familiar face. The feel of smooth, pliant flesh. It's good to want things. Especially things I can't have. Deuridium shipment? Is there a deuridium shipment coming here? And I'm watching you, Jadzia. (Dax and Quark's eyes meet, and she smiles so Quark goes over to her table) You call this clean? I've already found three coins on the floor up here. Who knows what else there might be? Somebody may have lost some valuable jewellry or something. Fine, never mind. I'll do it myself and I'll keep it myself. Leave! (The minions scuttle out) You just can't find good help any more. (A figure in black grabs him from behind and a husky voice speaks.) Preparations? What preparations? Help you? But. You can't be Vantika. Yes, and I contacted some very reliable soldiers of fortune in anticipation of your arrival. I was told you were dead. Everything's been taken care of. You should thank me for Vener Seven. You got paid, didn't you? A normal risk in your line of work. When he decides it's appropriate. When the job is completed of course. Durg, wake up. This is Quark you're talking to, remember. They'll never be settled. You'd still be rotting in a Cardassian jail if I hadn't (There's a scream. Kajada is dangling by one hand from a third floor railing, then she falls.) [Infirmary] (Kajada is on a biobed with the life support across her body) I just heard the scream and looked up. she fell from the balcony. What was she doing up there anyway? I resent the inference. Anyone else? No, just me. Just tidying up, which if you'll excuse me, I really must finish. Be my guest, but I'm telling you she was alone up there. And she had no business invading the privacy of a law-abiding member of the community. (Quark and Odo leave) I won't be going with you. I'm simply a middleman, a facilitator. And proud of it. I can't take credit for that. Your employer has somehow managed to arrange security access. (Round the corner) His message said he'd be waiting for us on board. (Quark opens the airlock door and sees ) Oh, er, er, I'm terribly sorry. We seem to have made a wrong turn. We didn't mean to disturb you, Doctor.
Do they have money? It may not be your point, but it's mine. Commander, I'm a host. A host is an ambassador of good will. The more good will that I can generate, the longer they'll stay, the greater my profits. I think we're talking the same language here. Allow me to put your concerns to rest. (goes over to the Wadi) So, do you fellows do a lot of gambling where you come from? Doesn't everybody? Doesn't everybody? You know, those virgin territories in the Gamma Quadrant are ripe for dabo franchising. You and I might want to talk about an investment opportunity at some point. (Quark trails off under Sisko's glare) So, have you figured out the essentials of the game yet? Give her a spin, One time, on the house. (The wheel comes to a stop) Ah, two pinch showing. Too bad. Nothing ventured, nothing gained, I always say. What would you care to wager? (One of Falow's aides brings a box.) Oh, what a handsome container. There's an old Ferengi expression. Good things come in small packages. (Falow opens the box) Sticks? I'm sorry, but I have enough sticks right now. (Another aide brings Quark a bottle and glass) What's this? One man's priceless is another man's worthless. Sorry, not interested. Get these folks some drinks (Later, the Wadi are still at the dabo wheel and most customers have gone home.) McCoullough? Good Lord, they've won again. That right? No, they couldn't have doubled again. What's good about it? (goes to the dabo wheel) Getting ready to call it a night? The girl's arm must be getting tired. All that spinning. Very well. Broik, take the wheel. (Broik presses a hidden button) Oh. One pinch showing. An unfortunate reversal. [Sisko's quarters] Broik, you disreputable swindler! I've put up with your cheating for the last time. Look, er, why don't we just call it even and no hard feelings. Or take another spin on the house. Or two or three. A free visit to a holosuite. Do you know what a holosuite is? Do you have sex on your world? Look, take it all back, all the gemstones, and I'll throw in a case of Andolian brandy to make your trip home a little more enjoyable. I will? Very unusual. I don't think I know this game. What's it called? What are the rules? Second shap? Can't we start at the beginning? It is? Is there a minimum wager? (Falow offer Quark three pyramid die, with colours on the chopped off points ) Roll? Roll? But you haven't even told me the rules yet. Did I win? The Chandra? What does that mean? Is it good or bad? I don't understand. I think I'm getting the hang of this. Path? What's the difference? Double my winnings? Well, in that case Oh. I see why you find this game so interesting. Yes. You know I might have room for another gaming table or two on the second floor. We might negotiate a licensing agreement? Perhaps we could discuss I'm busy. Last night when he went home to bed. Not a thing. Really, Odo you'll have to Why would I know anything about. Four? Did you say four officers are missing? Odo, how about taking my place? I'll take the safer path. Odo, just stay out of this. I'm doing fine. They're doing fine. Fine. Fine. The safer path. Give me the shortcut. It's the right thing to do. I know what I'm doing. I've spent my life figuring the odds of all sorts of games. Now, I'm just learning this one, that's true, but I know this is the right move. More than that. Look at the board. The shortcut skips a whole level. I've learned there are risks in every roll of the dice. This way, they can advance all the way home on just one move. Trust a gambler. Blow on them. Blow on them. (Odo blows, Quark rolls) What does it mean? I can't. Please. I don't even know which one is which. Fine! Fine! Fine. Fine. I can't do it. I beg of you. A terrible mistake has been made. This is all a misunderstanding. Please, I've learned my lesson. I'll never cheat again. I'll never cheat again! Please! Just don't make me do this. Anything but this. Please. Please. Please. (Quark is on his knees, crying.) I don't have to sacrifice one of them? They made it! I won! I had full confidence in you, Commander. There wasn't a moments doubt that you wouldn't prevail in this outrageous I wish I could explain it. They just had a run of bad luck and they blamed me for their losses and Oh, that's right, you were here for the grovelling. I would have said anything to end the ordeal. It was too much for me to bear. You have no idea the pressure I was under, Commander. You know, this game could work here. It really could. Excuse me. Falow? Mister Falow? A word with you, sir. What's your hurry? I think you'll like this. Mister Falow! <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
(pouring a green drink) No need to thank me, madam. Here at Quark's customer satisfaction is our primary concern. Now, you run along back to the dabo table. Rom, that lady tells me she misplaced a fat currency pouch. And then you found it. And then you returned it to her intact. You worthless, tiny eared fool! Don't you know the First Rule of Acquisition? Then say it. Exactly. You can ponder its meaning this evening while polishing every rail in the place. Now get out of my sight before I toss you out the nearest airlock. (Over at a table, Nog is building a castle with glasses and PADDs.) And so the Andorian says. your brother? I thought it was your wife. Get it, wife! (Morn laughs) Had to think about that one, didn't you? (The figures have arrived in the bar) You found him. (kisses the staff) Tell me, is the Grand Nagus here on business or pleasure? No, of course not. Oh, they are. They are. But they may prove a touch energetic for his advanced years. Not at all. Not at all. Is there a particular activity he'd like to sample? In that case, here's a list of five programmes that rank among my personal favourites. I'd be happy to select one for him. Did the Nagus happen to mention how long he'd be using the holosuite? What if he injured himself? Forget I ever said anything. I hope you can live on pride, because that's all we'll have left once he's through with us. Why else would he come all this way? To buy me out and for a fraction of what the place is worth. Oh, why didn't I think of that. Idiot, the Nagus doesn't take no for an answer. I would imagine. Please feel free to use my own brother's quarters for as long as you're with us. Now, is there anything else I can do to make your stay a pleasant one? I would be honoured. [Turbolift] (The contraption is stuck between levels) Please, help yourself. How fortunate. It was nothing. The Tarahongians are an incredibly gullible people. The sixth rule of Acquisition expressly states Not that well. I suppose I'm doing quite well at that. I knew it. I would consider it a privilege. And the purpose of this conference is? Is something wrong? Rom! Change these seating arrangements immediately. Quickly, you fool, before I toss you out the nearest airlock. (Morn appears at the door) Yes. Go away! We're closed. Go away. (Quark pushes Morn back and closes the door again) Shoo! Shoo! Enough drinks. Quickly. Me? (Quark sits at the bar, with his back to proceedings) I love the sound of that. You wish to serve me? Protect me? How do I stop them? How grateful am I? And if I refuse? Nagus, I'm in desperate trouble. I don't quite follow. Nagus, please. Gral just threatened my life. But what am I to do? You picked me for your successor. Surely you must have some advice? That's good. I see. Yes. I can do that. Go on. (Zek is still) Zek. Zek? (Zek's servant checks him. No response) I didn't do anything. [Quark's] (In front of a portrait of Zek, the Ferengi are examining plastic holders of green ash) Think of it as a promotion. You're the only one left I can trust. You're my closest associate, my friend, my brother. (hysterical laughter) You? Run my bar? (Rom runs out) This is a private funeral service. It means that from now on if you wish to speak to me, you must first make an appointment with Rom. It's also customary to show respect by kissing my sceptre. (Odo leaves) I suppose I could make an exception in your case. (Quark puts his foot on a dropped coin, then bends down to pick it up, just as a small missile whooshes in and explodes against the wall.) (Later, examining the crime scene) You're trying to interfere in Ferengi affairs of state, which are none of your concern. The Grand Nagus does not ask for help from outsiders. I'm suspicious of everybody. Let's see. That would have to be Krax. Yes, if anything happens to me, Krax becomes Nagus. That's none of your concern. Besides, Gral and Krax were at the funeral when the bomb went off. Which means that neither one of them could have set it. Yes, yes, they were all there. Look, this is getting us nowhere. What about him? Now that you mention it, no, I don't. (Quark and Rom leave) You wish to find profit elsewhere. And where would that be? A very lucrative opportunity. Tell me Nava, when Zek announced I was to succeed him, were you pleased? (We see Quark is sitting in a chair, stroking a gilvos, and doing his Blomfeld impression) Did you come to me and offer your support? Yet, now you call me Nagus. But is it out of true friendship? No. You only pretend to show me respect so I will grant you this immense opportunity. Well, in that case, let's hope the Gamma Quadrant develops a taste for synthehol. I seem to have a knack for it, don't I. The rest will have to come back tomorrow. All this benevolence wearies me. I think I'll head over to the bar and check the receipts. You clumsy idiot. You want to strangle me? Stop daydreaming and pay attention to your work. When do we leave? I've always wanted to take a trip through the wormhole. Still, it's odd Zek never mentioned that he'd travelled to the Gamma Quadrant, let alone opened negotiations with one of its worlds. A very lucrative opportunity. What now? Which is exactly how it was meant to be. I've been thinking, maybe it would be wise to take a dabo girl along with us. A pretty woman by my side will only add to my prestige. Never underestimate the importance of a first impression. All right, if you really think I won't need her. There must be some mistake. There's no ship docked here (The door closes behind him) Wait! Rom, you idiot. Krax, what are you standing there for? What's the matter with you two? Open the door! Do you hear me? Open up. You must obey your Nagus! Rom! Brother! Please! I never meant it. Let me out! Let me out of here! Please. (Rom's hand moves slowly towards the control) I saw it happen. I guess this still belongs to you. You know where to find me. So, Rom, you were going to toss me out an airlock. Forgive you? Why, brother, I didn't think you had the lobes. Such wonderful treachery deserves a reward. I'm going to make you the assistant manager of policy and clientele here at Quark's. How should I know, I just made it up. Come on, I'll buy you a drink. [Promenade] (At the jumja stall)
The usual, Odo? The usual. If all my customers were like you, my family would be begging on the Promenade. Raider? You mean the Miradorn ship that just docked? It's reputation, like mine, has probably been exaggerated. Anyway, I don't know the ship or its crew. The Miradorns are a quarrelsome people. I chose to forego the usual amenities. Who? Croden? He's harmless. A man comes in for a drink, he wants to talk Who would? All those Starfleet officers greeting him at the airlock. It would scare me too. The Federation could learn a few things from the Ferengi about hospitality. Of course. I'm the man behind the bar. Obviously, they want to use a holosuite. You think the whole galaxy is plotting around you, don't you. Paranoia must run in your species, Odo. Maybe that's why no one has ever seen another shape-shifter. They're all hiding. I won't have you come in here harassing my customers. Order a drink, play the tables, or vacate the premises. (sotto) Rom, bring a flask of my special langour. (Quark goes upstairs, Croden leaves, Rom puts four glasses on a tray then goes to get a bottle. When he returns, the tray has five glasses on it.) [Holosuite] Very nice. Unfortunately, there's a problem. The buyer has backed out. A question has been raised about the origin of this bauble. A similar one was taken during a raid on a Vanoben transport just two light years from here. If you had a bill of sale A buyer who asks no questions? That could take a long time. Don't fire. What do you want? Five glasses for four people? Yes, take them both to his office. Thank goodness you were close by, Odo Well, can't say I didn't warn you about Miradorns, Odo. I assume we are free to go? As Odo will be happy to confirm, I was just as concerned as everyone else that this was a stolen objet d'art. We'll be on our way then. Available in many a port. If that theory should ever reach the Miradorn, I'd wake up dead one morning. So, I'd appreciate your not spreading wild theories around casually. (Quark and Rom leave) Lobeless idiot, next time I'll [Detention cell] Stop in to see if I'd run away? I wouldn't know. I never told you that. I merely said we chatted when he bought a drink or two. Morn should keep his big mouth shut! Just being friendly. He was so out of place here, alone. I felt sorry for him. You should sympathise with my kindness. You attribute odious motives to my every charitable act. That had nothing to do with any of this. This could turn into a much bigger tragedy for me if you don't keep your voice down. Nothing. We didn't talk about anything except business. Inconsequential things. No. No. Croden? He's in security. Ah-Kel, no. This is Odo's doing. Don't you see? He wants to turn us against each other. I don't know where he is. But maybe I can find out if you'll just release me. (to Rom) Get me the security chips. Level four clearance. (Quark takes a panel off the console behind the bar and inserts the rods.) It isn't at all clear. Unless Odo is sensible and gives up his prisoner. Be quiet. Odo would never give up his prisoner. He'll just get himself killed. Oh, get out of here, you fool! [Ops]
Let's see, two Bajoran synthales, a glass of Gamzian wine, and a Trixian bubble juice for the little lady. I'm still charging her for that drink. [Promenade - upper level] (Two pairs of teenage legs are dangling over the promenade, throwing small items onto passersby below) (to Morn) So I sold them a whole herd of Klingon targs. (Kira enters) Major, what a pleasant surprise. I always look forward to one of your infrequent visits. (pours a green drink) So, how are the negotiations coming along? Ah. [Commander's office]
(coming down the stairs with a waiter) I thought I told you to cancel that order. Now what am I supposed to do with five thousand wrappages of Cardassian yamok sauce. They're the only ones who could stomach that swill. You ordered it, you're going to pay for it. I'm going to take half of your paycheck every week for the next six years. From now on, no more Cardassian food in here ever. You. Last night, that dabo player who dropped his drink? I saw you run and get him another one without charging him. I warned you about picking up your father's habits. Please don't talk to me about yamok sauce. Anything. Just get it out of my sight. Nog, you're a good boy. [Cottage] (Supper is in progress) And you say they're based here on the station? The Noh-Jay Consortium. No, never heard of it. Why do you ask? You mean the government can't build without that one piece of land? What a wonderful opportunity for profit. And you think that I'm part of this consortium? True. This time, however, someone has failed to include me. Not yet, but that will be remedied. You can tell the Bajorans I'll be opening negotiations with them shortly. (Quark goes behind the bar and gets out a security rod) Let's see. Who on this station is clever enough Not now. Go sweep the floor. All right, make it fast. Nog. [Cottage] (Kira is woken noises outside, and Mullibok is not in bed.) [Outside the cottage] (The kiln is almost finished)
Can't you ever just let go? The place is almost deserted. There hasn't been a ship in for three days and yet you just sit here like a Baneriam Hawk looking for prey. This is your chance to relax. I could set you up with a terrific holosuite programme. Who said anything about gifts? You pay like everyone else. I'm just trying to get you into the tent. Ah. No imagination, huh? I could create a shape-shifter playmate for you. The two of you could intermingle. It's a living. (Jake comes through with his baseball bat and glove.) It's not what you think. You see that thing on his hand? It's a baseball mitten. Every afternoon, the boy goes up to play. His father brought a programme with famous players. You ever hear of  Tris Speaker or Ted Williams or Buck Bokai? Neither had I until I made it my business to find out. With all these humans coming now, the true entrepreneur knows how to sniff the wind. Try it. Go ahead. You don't need one to detect the scent of opportunity. Family entertainment. That's the future, Odo. There's a fortune to be made. Little holo-creatures running around, rides and games for the kiddies, Ferengis in every doorway selling useless souvenirs. No, no, no, I'm expanding. I'm negotiating to lease the space next door so I can use the same holo-generators. Till the day I die. (Odo leaves and we go over to a table) Just because you don't have an imagination, don't ruin it for the rest of us. (Quark has acquired barely dressed two women) Let me guess. Another clever Federation experiment has gone awry and you've turned the whole station into one vast holosuite. Well, tell them to take their time. I haven't had the chance to show the ladies my collection of Tartaras landscapes yet. (undergoing oo-mox) Ah, yes, well, you simply don't have the same appreciation for art as I do. What? No! No, that's not possible. Let me through. Lose. Lose. One cross. Two cross. No. No. Odo! Odo! Odo! Odo! Odo! Odo! Thank goodness. I want to report two missing persons. A blonde and a brunette. One minute they're whispering sweet nothings in my ear, the next minute the sweet nothings are gone. Girls! I've been looking everywhere for you. Don't ever do that to me again. So, Odo, what have you conjured up during all this? I should have guessed. Nothing at all. As I always said, a man without any imagination. Come along, my dears. I'll show you what a fertile imagination can do. [Security office]
What's the problem here? I'm sorry, but as the sign says, the establishment is not responsible for the loss of any personal items. The one above the door. House rules. I'm very sorry. Have a nice day. (Lwaxana grabs him by a lobe) Not my ear, please! Thank you. (Odo looks around and spots a little alien in a corner, who tries to scuttle away. Odo stops him.)
Spare me from beings who think pain is pleasure. In small doses, perhaps, but the Klingons? They're hard on the holosuites, they wreck the furniture. I'm still fixing the walls of holosuite six. I'm not saying they don't spend big. I'm just saying by the time you figure in the damage, I'm lucky to break even. This crew was worse than the last. Our glorious mission. I said, what's so glorious about a gamma quadrant bio-survey? Crafty tonight, Odo, aren't we? Looking for clues about the fate of the Klingons. If I tell you what I heard, what do I get in return? Because otherwise, I heard nothing. Ah, ha. They said they'd be coming back through the wormhole with something that would make the enemies of the Klingon Empire tremble. Direct quote. Don't let it get around. (Odo is gripped by sudden pain) Odo? (Odo's 'head' divides in two and turns inside out, then he collapses.) (running) Doctor Bashir! Doctor Bashir! Doctor Bashir! [Infirmary] (Bashir is scanning Odo on a biobed when he suddenly wakes) Here we are. A Modela aperitif. It's bright and sweet. Much like yourself, Lieutenant. I'll put it on your tab. The two loveliest creatures on DS Nine. I must be living correctly to be so blessed. What can I do for you, Major? As you wish. (Quark leaves) Let me go! Nothing. Nothing at all. (Kira throws him back) Kira tried to tear my head off. I want to file charges. I heard her plotting. She tried to convince Dax to take her side against Sisko. What difference does that make? I was attacked! I couldn't tell. She was on the fence. Don't look at me that way. I'm perfectly normal. Odo, wait! Odo! Wait! Odo! Odo! I want satisfaction. [Ops] (Dax is absorbed in the Klingon log entry)
Who're they? Gallitep. Imagine living through that hellhole. The pain, the sorrow. Do you think they like to gamble? [Infirmary]
You were looking for me? Don't tell me. There's a Bajoran convention on the station I didn't know about? Thanks, Odo. I need to call in more dabo girls Orthodox? In that case, I'll need twice as many dabo girls. These spiritual types love those dabo girls. You wound me. All the years together. I thought you knew me. Odo, I am not a killer. True, and I would gladly sell one of them to you if I could. But unfortunately, none of them have taken credit for the death of the Starfleet officer. Sorry. Are you kidding? That's the seventh rule of acquisition. (Quark leaves, O'Brien comes down the stairs)
Not now, Odo. It'll have to wait. Of course not. Make it fast. I have business to attend to. Yes, yes, what about it? That I was telling the truth. Congratulations, Constable, I knew you could do it. Now if you don't mind, I'm needed upstairs. Oh, really, Odo? Sometimes I think there's no pleasing you. I help you crack a notorious smuggling ring, yet you still insist on treating me like the enemy. Then how do you explain my helping you? It's simple, really. I figured we'd been at each others' throats long enough. It's time we called a truce. Ask the Subytt first officer if I'm joking. From now on, you and I are going to be friends. Why would you say that? I can see this is going to take time, but eventually you'll learn to trust me. I don't think I can remember Odo looking quite so perplexed. Must I quote you the seventy-sixth Rule of Acquisition? Every once in a while, declare peace. It confuses the hell out of your enemies. (On the stairs, Quark is stopped by a purple haired lady alien in a closefitting catsuit.) Tingling at the sight of you. What'll it be? Another Black Hole? Ships go back and forth from there all the time. Why? (The Captain holds up an elaborate Bajoran earring.) It's an earring. Are you saying a Cardassian gave you a Bajoran earring? He said that? Oh, there is. Me. (Quark takes the earring and gives her a kiss on the cheek) [Kira's quarters] (Kira is praying in front of her home shrine when the doorbell rings.) Surprise. I always wondered what your quarters looked like. You don't entertain much, do you? Let me guess, the bedroom. It could be worth it. Aren't you going to offer me a beverage? Can we at least sit down? Wait. I brought you something. (He holds out the earring.) Is it valuable? From a Boslic freighter Captain. She got it from a Cardassian. On Cardassia Four. That's what she told me, anyway. (Kira leaves with the earring) Consider it a gift. [Promenade] One for you, and six for me. One for you, and six for me. One for you, and six for me. Would you stop looking so glum? Payday is supposed to be a time of joy. You're right. Yes. It's not fair. Absolutely not. One for you, and seven for me. One for you, and seven for me. Is that better? And where are you going? Dream on. (Rom leaves) One for you, seven for me. What is it now? (Three masked figures grab Quark, gag him and we hear someone use something that sizzles on his flesh) (Later, medical help has arrived and we see the Circle brand on Quark's head.) Doctor, will there be a scar? Does that mean yes? They were wearing masks. Not a word. They just came in, branded me and left. Well, the government better get organised, because I intend to sue them for financial compensation. How do I look? Really? [Sisko's quarters]
A party! For you, I would've reduced my catering rates. Whatever. I was anticipating a far smaller gathering. I thought, perhaps, an intimate farewell drink, a sympathetic smile, a shoulder to cry on. You'd be surprised how often that works with women. It's over, Odo. No, you don't understand. It's over. Everything. Bajor. The provisional government. The Federation being here. All of it. We've got to leave. Well, I do anyway. You can just turn into a couch. I happen to know they've got enough weapons and explosives and supplies to support an army. I've been asking questions of people who don't answer questions from people like you. The Kressari. Well they're not delivering flowers these days. I know, Odo. No, not exactly. Are you out of your mind? My plan is to put as much distance as possible between me and Bajor, thank you very much. That's not fair. Whatever you're going to do, it's not fair. It's not. What? You and me, a team? Goodbye. That's not fair! On what charge. You know I can't do that. I'm a deputy. [Ops] Who needs Odo when you've got his number one deputy? No, this is exactly the time. I think I know where you can find Kira. You see, Odo blackmailed me into helping him, a matter I've been meaning to bring to your attention, Commander. I managed to find out where the Circle's headquarters is. In the labyrinths beneath the Perikian Peninsula. We can discuss appropriate compensation for this at a more convenient time. [Underground bunker] (Weapons are being handed out)
It's over. Everything. Bajor, the provisional government, the Federation being here, all of it. We've got to leave. Hundreds of people to evacuate and only three tiny runabouts available. Do you know what that means? It means we're going to make a fortune. People will pay anything for a seat on those ships. Rom Rom, do you actually believe that I would sacrifice my own brother's life for personal profit? (Rom nods.) It would have to be the deal of a lifetime. Listen to me. We're both going to escape. But our bags will be packed with all the gold-pressed latinum we can carry. [Promenade - upper level] I have no time for this foolishness! I still have to pack! (Dax and Kira leave) Everybody always asks the brokers where they get their extra seats, and all I can say is, it's my business to find preferred seating for a select list of clients A few trades. A person here or there who changed his mind about leaving at the sight of a reasonable stipend. I might have overbooked slightly. It's an accepted Ferengi transit practice. I feel perfectly justified. I have complete faith in Commander Sisko's ability to straighten this out. As I'm no longer needed, my brother is waiting for me on the ship. Hey, Odo, you'll miss me. You know you will. Say it. You said it, Odo. Take care of yourself. [Airlock] (There are some very upset people here.) No! No! Wait! (Quark is slowed down by a very heavy suitcase that clunks) My ship, the Rio Grande, my brother's on it. He's got my ticket. A dabo girl? What? No, you don't understand. You don't understand! I can't stay here. I'll be hung. Call the ships back! I'll pay anyone five bars of gold pressed latinum for a seat. Ten bars. Twenty. [Airlock] (A while later, the assault ships have docked.) Am I the only one who doesn't think this is funny? [Conduit] Happy hunting. [Cargo bay] (The search party's tricorder is beeping.) I can't leave it. It's all that I am. My personal mementos, my family album. Who told you? Never make fun of a Ferengi's mother! Rule of Acquisition number thirty-one. Fine. Fine. I'm coming. [Ops]
I'm not a prisoner, Odo. I volunteered to stay and help you protect the station. I was saying goodbye to my brother. Funny, it's only been three hours and I'm already lost without him. I know, I know. He couldn't find a cup of water if you dropped him in a lake, but even if he is an idiot, he's still my brother. That doesn't mean I don't love him. Chief, do you have any brothers? And did you ever have to say goodbye to them? And did it bring a tear to your eye? Try explaining that to him. (Quark leaves, Odo closes the airlock door and we get a look at a device flashing away to itself.) [Ops] Ah, Yeto. It's such a pleasure doing business with Klingons. You're so punctual. I see that your ship was rescued according to plan. I've got your merchandise right here but I don't see any latinum. Now, now. There's no need for name calling. If you don't want these liquid data chains, I'm sure I can line up dozens of other buyers. Yeto, you expect me to believe you've come all this way, braved the storm, just to tell me that the deal is off? This is an outrage. I demand to be released at once. Who are these people? What do they want from us? This is ridiculous. Don't you realise they're going to kill us? What are you people sitting around for? Do something. Why should I have any suggestions? I'm not the military mastermind. I'm just a victim of circumstances. Security grid? I don't know anything I got him! I got him! (Mareel holds Sisko and Kira back with her phaser) Maybe we should talk about this? (T'Kar throws Quark off.) My ear! Please. It hurts. Thank you, Doctor. I feel better already. How is she? What are you doing? He is? Are you sure? Allow me. (Quark pushes a few buttons, then) Standard Delgorian locking mechanism. Sophisticated, but vulnerable if you know its weaknesses. Hand me that laser scalpel. (Quark cuts off a piece of one side, fiddles with the innards and the box opens) It's a gift. [Ops]
There's nothing quite so depressing as a winning streak that won't stop streaking.
And I've come into possession of forty-two. Honour my name all you want as long as your honour is accompanied by a hundred and ninety nine bars of gold-pressed latinum Shall we celebrate our closing the deal with another drink? (Another person enters) Excuse me, I'm sorry but we're not open yet if you'll come back in (Sees the person and dashes back to Ashrock) Have another drink on me. (Returns to his new visitor. How does a species evolve with a mouth trapped behind a piece of bone or cartilage?) Fallit Kot, is it really you? How long has it been? It can't be. I must say, you look terrific. Tanned, toned up, all of that baby fat has disappeared from your face. Just passing through, are you? I'll bet you have business in the Gamma Quadrant. You always had a sharp eye for fresh territories. With me? Dinner is served. What better way to mollify, satisfy a hungry traveller than with a delicious home-cooked meal? Starting with a delicate Vak clover soup. (Kot pours the soup on the floor and breaks the dish.) Why spoil your appetite with soup? Here's the real treat. Jumbo Vulcan mollusks. Sautéed in rhombolian butter. A taste so exquisite, it's to die for. Or to live for, for that matter. (Kot tries it) Do you know dabo, Fallit? It's a wonderfully entertaining game and easy to learn. I took the liberty of lining up a couple of excellent tutors I know. (two dabo girls sit) Be sure to ask them about their double down betting strategy. If I haven't made it clear, I intend your stay here as pleasurable as you could ever imagine. So, allow me to propose a toast to old friends. Don't be so happy to see me. Odo, there's a desperate criminal on board the station. I had nothing to do with the hijacking itself. I was only the, er, middleman. I can honestly say justice was served. He threatened to kill me. (Odo smiles) What? Odo, he means it. Nothing I do seems to change his mind. You've got to do something. Well? As opposed to me. What if the first sign is the last sign? Yes. Lights. Computer, turn on. (starts to leave) Quark to Odo. Fallit. I wasn't prepared to entertain this evening, but make yourself at home. What's mine is yours. All you have to do is ask. Wait! Everything's negotiable. Believe me, I'm worth much more to you alive. How does a hundred and ninety nine bars of gold-pressed latinum sound to you? Ashrock. Right on time. May I present my longtime business partner, Fallit Kot. (Fallit takes the back of latinum.) For your inspection. Then our transaction is complete. Not true. A deal is a deal. Rule of Acquisition number sixteen. Kot, you got what you came for. Now let's be reasonable. (Ashrock draws his weapon and Kot shoots him. The bag of rings flies into Quark's hand.) He's already shot a man. Do as he says. I'll just wait in the back. We've been friends for years, not counting today. That's true, Fallit. You don't know these Starfleet types. Great. We escape and he's got something special planned for me. We don't escape, I just die with everyone else. Am I missing a choice, Fallit? (Melora touches a control and the gravity switches off. Dax switches off the engines. Melora flies and takes out Kot easily) [Runabout Rio Grande] I think we have the situation in hand, Commander.
The risk is to you, Lieutenant. Now, how did that get there? So what's it going to be? Confront? Evade? Acquire? Retreat? Tell me, Lieutenant, how did you get to be so good at tongo? And a prettier one too. Do you find such a lifestyle appealing? I do. I really do. I'm trying to concentrate. What is it? So I did. (has another one) Amazing. You don't even realise you're thirsty. What are they? What's your name again? I think I agree with the fifty ninth Rule of Acquisition. Free advice is seldom cheap. I see you know your Rules. Shut up, Rom. When it comes to business, my brother has the weak little lobes of a female. So, what made you take a job here at the station? Which brings to mind the thirty third Rule of Acquisition The Grand Nagus Zek's personal subspace frequency. I've looked forward to your return, Nagus. I try to be. Me? Imagine that. And part of those profits will be mine. Tell me, Nagus, what exactly is this great opportunity. Tulaberries? Go on. We're going into the wine business? Tell me, Nagus, how are tulaberries going to be the most profitable opportunity in Ferengi history? If you don't mind. Yes, I see. Who cares what they taste like. They're an opportunity to get a Ferengi foot in the Gamma Quadrant door. I'm going to make history, Rom. And I'm going to be rich. And I have the Grand Nagus to thank for it. He must really like me. Forty eighth Rule of Acquisition. Pel, do you mind telling me what you meant just now? Isn't it obvious? He knows I have the lobes for business. Shut up. Go on. You mean me? No, he's right. If something goes wrong, it'll be my fault. Yes. Yes. No. I've been thinking about what you just said, and I probably could use some help during these negotiations. Good. Not quite. I don't need a partner, I need an assistant. Fifteen. Done. You want to help? Table six is waiting. [Pel's quarters] (Pel gets a case out from under the bed, takes off her fake lobes and jacket, and relaxes) [Airlock] How do I look? Who, me? What have I got to be nervous about? Here they come. (An alien is thrown out and against the wall, then a large male with red skin and white decoration comes out.) So, er, can I get anyone something to eat? All right, in that case, let's go over our offer. As you know, the Ferengi are interested in purchasing ten thousand vats of tulaberry wine. In exchange, the Dosi will receive what I consider to be a very fair trade package. I'm afraid that won't be enough. We're looking to establish a vast distribution network in the Gamma Quadrant. We'll need at least ten thousand vats. What? I didn't mean to. We never meant to imply anything of the sort. So, how about it? Do we say ten thousand vats? Retreat. Why don't we just play the round over. Believe me, Nagus, I've thought of nothing else all evening. And I think by tomorrow we should have an agreement. A hundred thousand? But I'm not sure they'll even agree to sell us ten thousand. All the time. Right away. He wants results, and he expects me to get them. But he's not making my job any easier. A hundred thousand vats. That's a lot of tulaberries. How can you be so sure? Why are you being so nice to me? Fair enough. Coming! Pel, it's time. We don't want to keep the Dosi waiting. Hurry! [Quark's cafe] (the upstairs section of Quark's opening onto the upper walkway. Zek is admiring the passing females.) Nice view, isn't it? There is no contract. Yes. And that's when they left. The station. I begged them to stay. We are? We don't need Maihar'du. I can pilot the ship myself. I've waited my whole life for an opportunity like this. So far it hasn't turned out quite the way I planned. I still don't understand why the Nagus is suddenly insisting on a hundred thousand vats. You don't think he's purposely trying to sabotage the negotiations? I have no idea. About what? Well, if you ever figure out what he's up to, make sure you tell me. So far the only thing I've done right is pick you as my consultant. Now, if we could only make some profit. You're too late. I already know what you're going to say. It's no secret. I admit you've been a great help to me, but you agreed to a twenty percent share of the profits and that's all you're going to get. Never place friendship above profit. I'm glad you agree. [Quark's] How could we not? Really? I thought it was some kind of party. It's about time. To get serious about profit. It certainly feels that way. Fortunately, all I need is your thumbscan on this very lucrative contract and I can go home. Not until we finish our discussion. Sorry. But you didn't, because deep down inside you recognise a good opportunity when you see one. Just put your thumbscan here. A hundred thousand. One hundred thousand and I'm not leaving till I get it. No, I want to be right here in case Inglatu changes his mind. Don't worry. I don't snore. What about it? What about it? Actually, it's quite comfortable. Well, you're in luck. There's not a lump to be found. Try it for yourself. What side to you want? Getting undressed. What's it look like? Why not? I'm tired. There's nothing to discuss. Not offhand. And I don't care either. What is it now? To what? Of course. Is it warm in here? I hope so. I was good, wasn't I. Now let's go to bed. (Another glass of wine) That was risky. Sixty second Rule. You really know your Rules. I do? (Pel kisses Quark) No. Definitely not. Positive. Wait! No, wait! This is all a silly misunderstanding. Busy? Don't be ridiculous. We can't wait to hear what you have to say. Besides, we could use the company. Isn't that right. If he can't, who can? You? Then we're finished. Of course. I always said you were my favorite Dosi. Now, who do we have to see? The Dominion? What's that? The most profitable opportunity in Ferengi history, that's what Zek called it. But he didn't mean tulaberries. No, he meant the Dominion. That's why he sabotaged the negotiations. He never wanted to do business with the Dosi. He just wanted to use them to get to a more important member of the Dominion. We are talking. You never kissed me. No, you didn't. And I don't want to discuss it anymore. Let's just concentrate on the Dominion. I only wish Zyree would have told us more. Whatever it is, it's important, and I want a piece of it. [Quark's] You and I both know my trip had nothing to do with tulaberries. Can't you see I'm busy. Does the word Dominion mean anything to you. You first. Not now. I'm waiting. What would such information be worth to you? What if I told you I can arrange a meeting between you and a powerful member of the Dominion? That's a lot of latinum. The Karemma. All right. But make it quick. (Rom hauls Quark out of earshot and speaks to him. Then he drags Pel over. Pel says something in his ear and Quark faints.) [Infirmary] Where's Rom? If you don't mind, I'd like to rest here for a few minutes. Thank you, Doctor. (Bashir leaves) You haven't told anybody, have you? Quiet. Nobody's going to tell Zek anything. Is that clear? Not so loud. I know that. No. Of course not. Don't you see? If Zek learns that I've been deceived by a female, I'd be ruined. He'd never trust me again. Forget about me. What about the bar? You still want it, don't you? Who needs the bar when I can have the Gamma Quadrant? I'll transfer ownership immediately, but only on one condition. That you never mention the truth about Pel to anyone. Where are your lobes? Well, put them on before somebody sees you. Put them on, now. And wrap yourself up. Have you finished packing? (She goes into another room) As far away from the station as possible. Not anymore. (Pel comes back out) Well, what did you expect? I mean, look at you. You're wearing clothes. As a matter of fact, it is. Look, it's just too risky for you to stay here. You can take this with you. Ten bars of latinum. To help you start a new life. If you're going to pretend you're a man, act like one. Take the profit. Spoken like a true female. What difference does it make if I do? You'd never be happy being a Ferengi wife. I'd care. I guess so. [Quark's quarters] (dinner) I'm not feeling particularly hungry. Come. (Pel enters) I thought she did. Pel. No! Rom. Out. (Rom leaves) I, I, I. I No. I didn't know she was a female. Then you'd better make sure it's big enough for three. I wonder what your associates will say when I tell them you allowed a female to represent you in a business negotiation. Stupidity is no excuse. My Gamma Quadrant profits. I hope you're satisfied. Well, do me a favour and don't tell anybody else. I can't. So, Lieutenant, ready for another night of tongo? I don't know what you're talking about. You really think I'd let anyone come between us?
It was a long time ago. I'm fine. Was I? I ran a black market for anyone who could pay. Never exactly thought of myself as kind. You didn't call me to Bajor to talk about tea. For old times sake? I'm still as kind as ever. I'm listening. What's in it? Anyone but you. Why not take a sentimental journey back to the station, if it's your property? Or maybe you'd rather not let Odo see you there. Four in, five up. Five? A day, maybe two. (Quark leaves and a muscle man enters) Commence Station Security log. Stardate 47282.5. At the request of Commander Sisko, I will hereafter be recording a daily log of law enforcement affairs. The reason for this exercise is beyond my comprehension, except perhaps that humans have a compulsion to keep records and lists and files. So many, in fact, that they have to invent new ways to store them microscopically, otherwise their records would overrun all known civilisation. My own very adequate memory not being good enough for Starfleet, I am pleased to put my voice to this official record of this day. Everything's under control. End log. [Promenade] (As the last light goes out) Now, when we get to the entrance, you stay flat against the wall. It's a pulsatel lockseal. I can get it to release in twenty five seconds. You? We'd be at it all night. How would you get a pulsatel lockseal to release in ten seconds? So? You've unsealed the storeroom without my knowledge? In ten seconds? Ten seconds. We'll see how you handle the desealing rod. What? My storeroom. Thief. Don't deny it. You've been stealing from me. Tomorrow morning, I'm changing my entire lock system. Four in, five up. Here. It's behind this one. Keep an eye on the Promenade while I burn off the panel. A better idea? Magnasite drops? What are magnasite drops? How do you know that? You got into my latinum floor vault with that? (Fizz, fizz, fizz, fizz, clunk) My floor vault. (There's a small box in amongst the piping) Don't touch it. Don't you touch anything ever, ever, again. [Quark's] (Quark lasers open the box) Just a piece of paper? I have no idea. Eight names. All of them Bajoran. I want to get a picture of this list before I reseal the box. Go, get me an imager. Go. (Rom leaves and the muscle man comes out of the shadows.) You can't be in here. We're closed. (The man raises a weapon) Well, if you really want a drink. She sent you, didn't she? Yeah. Me too. (And Quark is shot) Stop by one of the holosuites. Two programs for the price of one. Does he owe you money? Are you here to arrest him? Then you've found him. Quark, at your service. First drink on the house. An old and dreadful Cardassian tradition. What'll you have. A soft drink, then. I guess that's why we don't see you around here much. Wait a minute. You're the shape-shifter. You're the one who's working for Dukat. No, I've heard about you. You do some Cardassian neck trick, am I right? That could go over big in this room. Yeah, I remember her. She wanted a job. Long enough. Oh, you know. She was showing me her, er, initiative. These jobs are hard to come by. Her credentials were very impressive. (Odo grabs his lapels) Hey, listen. Listen here, what's the problem? You've got me all wrong. Okay, fine, I didn't realise we were dealing with a murder here. She didn't pay me enough for that anyway. I'm sure it'll cost me a case of Cardassian ale. Listen, I feel you and I, we've gotten off to a bad start here. Let me make it up to you. You need anything? A little ginger tea? No, you don't drink. Chocolate? Maybe companionship? [Quark's]
Commander? (Quark has brought out a drink) I thought you could use this. Stood you up, didn't she? When you've worked in a bar as long as I have, you get to recognise that look. I've even seen it in the mirror once or twice. If you'd like, we could go down to the bar and talk. You know, about women. Don't forget, the holosuites are always open. [Sisko's quarters]
You hear right. Look around you. Does anything seem to be amiss? Why be modest, Major? They're not just enjoying him. They're mesmerized by him. So while they're being mesmerized, they're not gambling, they're not eating, they're barely drinking. Profits are down across the board. I monitor my gross income hourly. My hourly figures become my indicators. My indicators become my projections. And my projections based on the last twenty six hours show an unprecedented decline in profits. What are you basing that projection on? Bajoran intuition? That and a strip of latinum will get you a couple of spins at the dabo wheel. If my projections hold true, in a month I'll be out of business! Why should I? Maybe he could play something with a little more bounce to it. For a change of pace. (Varani finishes his piece) Knows better than to ever get involved in anything so disreputable. Rom is doing the weekly stock inventory. I don't want to interrupt him. You know how easy he loses count, so I came in his place. Nog, have you been causing mischief again? Did he. What do you have to say for yourself? You see? The boy's beside himself with guilt. And he will be punished severely. I want you to tell the Constable here that you will never do it again. You know, you really can't blame the boy. Oh, come on, Odo. You know these Skrreeans are nothing but trouble. They're all over the station, looking and touching, never buying anything. And they flake. Come to my place. You'll see little pieces of Skrreean skin all over the bar and the floor. It's disgusting. I hope not. They're driving my paying customers away. If they stay here too long I'll be out of business. All right, that's enough. Break it up. I said, break it up! (Tumak goes for Quark but backs off when Quark hisses at him) It's bad enough you're all hanging around the station without buying anything. You have to start fighting, too? Well make yourselves welcome somewhere else. I can see the Skrreean don't bother to teach their children manners. [Ops]
(in the turbolift) Without me, the other merchants would have abandoned the station. [Promenade]
I am merely a businessman. It would take an orator with the skills of the late, great Plegg himself, to sing the praises of the late, great Plegg. What Ferengi could resist the honour of owning a small piece of the man that took a computer chip and turned it into the modular holosuite industry. A small piece of the man that brought holographic entertainment to the most remote parts of this quadrant, creating profit centres from societies that could barely afford to feed their own people. As I was about to tell my good friend here, a mere three strips of latinum. And I'd be taking a loss at that price. (His putative customer leaves) Okay, for you, two strips. Thank you very much. I suppose you're interested. Death rituals? I'm very busy here. I'm sure. (Odo holds out three strips of latinum) You're serious? And what's that It says so on the label. The Ferengi Seal of Dismemberment is right there. What more do you want? You've got him. Still alive? Plegg? Odo, I'm a victim here. I bought these discs in good faith. I have five thousand pieces of Plegg in my storeroom. Then who? I demand an investigation. Can I get you something, Doctor Mora, was it? Here we are, nice and hot. So, you two seem to be old friends. So this is a family reunion! I had a hunch. Well, Odo's dad is always welcome at Quark's. I know he wouldn't tell you himself, but Odo is doing a wonderful job here on the station, if I may say so. Absolutely. As a matter of fact, when you came in, he was just beginning a fraud investigation. Of course. The two of you have a lot of catching up to do. If there's anything I can help you with, Doctor, don't hesitate to call on me. [Promenade]
These are on the house. I thought we'd have a toast to the memory of Chief O'Brien and Doctor Bashir. I can be thoughtful. To our dear departed comrades. We may have had our differences, but I'll say this for them, and it's no higher tribute I can think of. They were good customers. They always paid their bar bills on time. I'm not done yet. At times like these I'm reminded of the Fifty Seventh Rule of Acquisition. Good customers are as rare as latinum. Treasure them. [Ops]
The odds are against you, O'Brien. You know what I'm talking about. You look tired. Have you been getting enough sleep? (O'Brien grabs Quark's jacket) Racquetball. The rematch with Bashir next week. We never finished the first one, remember? My, we are jumpy, aren't we. Fine, we'll change the subject. So, tell me about the Paradas. They're going to be here, when, tomorrow? It's always good business to know about new customers before they walk in your door. Oh, one of the high numbers. One ninety four, I think.
It's about time. Enter. Where have you been? I've been waiting hours. Major. Er, I'm sorry. We're closed. You'll have to come back in the morning. Kono? Here? What an unexpected pleasure. There must be some mistake. Why would Kono be coming here? Outrageous. You have no proof of that. Major, you make it sound like you don't like me. I'm sorry I mentioned it. [Sisko's quarters] Major. To what do I owe this unexpected pleasure. I always knew Kono was no good. Life is full of disappointments. Is that a crime? Not diverting enough. [Village square] (Or rather, where it should be)
Don't play with my ears, unless you're serious about it. Do you play tongo, Arjin? Then, you'll have to leave, Arjin. The risk's to you, Lieutenant. I beg your pardon. Actually, it is very easy to learn. How much money did you bring with you? Give the young fellow a seat. You, out! We can't roll you away. You can't quit now. You just won! Female! [Corridor] (Arjin rings a doorbell. The door is opened by a well muscled very male alien.) It ran right across a Dabo table. As landlords, you're responsible for this. I expect vermin control or I'm going to have to The girl insists on fighting her latent attraction to me. What are you going to do about these pests, O'Brien? What is it? ARGH! Stop! Stop! What? Another? Sounds pretty serious. There isn't a problem in the world that can't be fixed by the right holosuite programme. Why not? That go for all Trills or just for the ones with the worm? Did she break your heart, son? Mine too. And Bashir is in here every other day crying in his synthale over her. The Promenade is littered with the bodies of Wait a minute. Is this about all that initiate stuff? With the worm? So, that's her opinion. What's that worth, anyhow? Listen, son. When I was a young man, no older than you, I had an apprentice position with the District Sub-Nagus. I licked his boots like you couldn't believe. He loved me. I was his golden boy. I was on the high road to the top of the Ferengi business world, and then it all fell apart. Rule of Acquisition one twelve. Never have sex with the boss's sister. I was fired, broke. It was quite a setback to my ambitions. Never did. Look at me. Tending bar out here in Wormhole Junction while the big boys fly past me at warp speed. You only get one shot at the latinum stairway. If you miss it, you miss it. Welcome to the club, son. Glad I could help. [Science lab]
Only one? I started at least twelve. And you believe everything you hear? If I had one, which I don't. I told you, you have nothing to worry about. (Quark sees Natima on the promenade and rushes out of the bar.) Excuse me. Excuse me. Out of my way. Excuse me. [Promenade] Natima! I knew you'd come b (Natima hits him, hard) All right? This is the happiest day of my life. (After the opening titles, Quark catches up to them at the spiral staircase.) Natima, wait. At least let me buy you and your friends a drink. I can make you a Samarian Sunset. Why not? This Ferengi happens to be Natima's old and cherished friend. Who are you? Students. You don't say. I'd love to sit in on one of your classes. What do you teach? Not at all. I want to hear more. I always knew Natima was destined for greatness. Just one drink. It'll be like old times. You're right. It'll be better. I'll be right back with refreshments. (Quark goes over to the bar.) She used to work here on the station. She was a correspondent for the Cardassian information service. It was before your time. It's none of your business, but if you have to know, I was the love of her life. If you want a drink, the bar's right over there. Your Samarian Sunset. (He pings the glass to get the clear liquid to turn into a yellow-orange sunset effect) Because they remind you of me. But since I'm here anyway, you may as well enjoy yourself. Besides, it's on the house. You know, you're as beautiful as ever. You see, just like old times. I've missed you, Natima. That's no lie. Oh, yes, I'm very successful. But as the two hundred and twenty third Rule of Acquisition says So, how long are you going to be on the station? (Bashir and Garak have come down the stairs.) He's the only one. Is something wrong? But you didn't touch it. [Ops] You usually don't frequent mine, either. Though I did see you in there today. Oh, I just wanted to see what you're offering. What do you get for that? (A dress) I tell you what, I'll give you twenty. Just one businessman trying to help out another. I figure we have to stick together. I'm no expert on Cardassian fashions. What do you think? Then you're in luck. There're some board on the station right now. You're very perceptive, for a Cardassian. It would've been hard to miss the way you were looking at her. Different tastes for different people. Nothing wrong with that, is there? I see. As long as I'm under no obligation to follow it. Would you like to explain that? If anyone tries to harm her, they're going to have to deal with me. I think I'll buy this dress after all. See that it's mended. [Natima's quarters] I know you're in trouble. I want to help you. I owe you. You saved my life. If you'd turned me over to the authorities, I would have been executed. I'm a Ferengi. You should've known better. Can't you even say it? Okay, I'll say it for you. We fell in love. And that month we spent together was the best time of our lives and you know it. I admit I'm capable of that, but not this time. I loved you, Natima. I didn't betray you. So I took a little money from the Cardassian Communication Service. They could afford it. I saw a chance for profit and I took it. Maybe that was wrong. I don't know. But what I really regret is betraying your trust. That was the worst mistake of my life. Then let me make it up to you. Let me help you. I ask for nothing in return. Except that you stay with me forever. Listen to me, Natima. You can't leave me. Not now. If you don't stay with me, I'll have to follow you. And I will, wherever you go, until you agree to take me back. I'll take that chance. I don't care about the bar. I'll turn it over to Rom. He'll run it into the ground in a month, but it doesn't matter. I have to be with you. But I love you. Now which one of us is lying? All right. But if there's anything you need, anything at all, I'll be waiting. Here, you go. Two mugs of Kanar on the house. They're the drinks I promised you the first time you came in here. Sorry they took so long but things have been a little hectic. Do you mind? You Cardassians do hold grudges. Seven years ago Natima and I had some little silly lovers' quarrel and well, all I can say is I'm willing to let bygones be bygones. I have to say I find your loyalty to her extremely touching. I understand. She's your teacher, you're her students. You have to listen to her. So, if you don't want to talk to the only person who can get you off this station in one piece, that's fine with me. It's possible. One second. (Quark taps everything nearby) The station's security chief's a shape-shifter. You can never be too careful. I take it you know what a cloaking device is? Well, I have one. It's not in the best of condition but it'll work for about fifteen minutes. Long enough to get you away from here. Exactly how much latinum are we talking about? No, forget I said that. I don't want your money. Consider the cloaking device a gift. We are a deeply misunderstood race. And I know exactly how you can repay me. You have to convince Natima to stay here. No Natima, no cloaking device, and no way off this station. You have to talk her into it. After all, you're the ones the Cardassians are after. Don't ask her. Tell her. I'm sure you will. I shudder to think what would happen if the military got its hands on you. I'll be there. [Natima's quarters] Where are Rekelen and Hogue? Perfect. I know my quarters might seem a little crowded at first, but tomorrow morning, I'll put in a request for something bigger. All right. If you want your own quarters to start out with, I can arrange that, too. Now hold on. Your students and I have an agreement. They get the cloaking device and you stay with me. That way everyone's happy. And let you disappear out of my life again? But you are. You always have been. Don't you understand, since you left me, not a day goes by that I don't regret what I did. And now you're asking me to lose you again. All right, then say it. Let me hear you say there isn't a spark of love left in you. I heard that. You hesitated. Admit it, you still care. I can't. I won't let you go. (She gets a weapon from a drawer) Or what? You'll shoot me? Then go ahead and shoot. (Just as he reaches for the weapon, she fires and he falls. The cloaking device rolls from his hand. After the break.) You shot me. Careful. Owww. She wants to know if it hurts? Of course it hurts. It's supposed to hurt. It's a phaser. How considerate of you. It's okay. Maybe if you rub it. Really? You really didn't mean them? Natima. And now we're together again, and we have the rest of our lives to be happy. It can be if you let it. I'll share them with you. We'll make the time. You're a woman, Natima, believe me, I know. It's not right for you to be alone. But are dreams enough? Can dreams make you laugh? Can dreams hold you close at night? And you've made them, but it doesn't mean you can't be happy. Remember the day I installed my first holosuite. I still have that programme. The picnic on Rhymus Major. Two suns in the sky. The whisper of flitterbird wings over our heads. And a Mordian butterfly landed on your nose. His wings were beating almost as fast as my heart. The best. And we can have them back again. I'll give the cloaking device to your students. Once they're gone you'll be safe, and we can be together. I need you. Listen to me, Natima. You've done enough for the movement. You lit the match. Let them carry the torch. Or are you saying that the movement won't survive without you? Then let it. And let us have the happiness we deserve. With all that I am, Natima. Forever. Will you stay? You don't know how I've waited to hear you say that. (The doorbell interrupts their passion. Quark hides the cloaking device under the table.) Not now, Odo. Can't you see we're busy? On what charge? Now hold on. Odo, we have to talk. Later will be too late. (sees what Odo is reading) I, the Jury by Mickey Spillane? It is. Odo, you have to let Natima and her students go. Those students could be the key to a new Cardassia. A Cardassia free of military rule and oppression. A freer more open society on Cardassia would benefit this entire sector. And it'd be great for business. Now, Odo. Don't allow my greed to keep you from doing the right thing. You're right. It is. Her life is in jeopardy as long as Rekelen and Hogue are on the station. What was I supposed to say? That I love her? That I would do anything for her? That without her, my life would be meaningless? Sure, I could say those things, but what good would it do? How could I expect you to understand? You've never had those feelings. You don't know what it means to really care about another person. You've never been in love. You've got all the emotions of a stone. No offence. Listen to me, Odo. You do this for me, and I promise you there'll be no more secrets between us. I will tell you about every underhanded deal, every lying scheme, every dirty trick my brother Rom's involved in. Okay, okay, let me put it another way. Do it for me. That's right. For all the years we've known each other. For everything we've been through together. You say you know me better than anyone else? Well, I know you. Sure, sometimes we're on opposite sides, but that doesn't mean that we aren't close. I never told you this, Odo, but I consider you as dear to me as my brother. Odo, look at me. (Odo turns round but cannot see Quark.) Look at me. I'm on my knees. I'm begging you. I don't care why you do it. Pick any reason you want. But please, let Natima and the others go. You will? Justice. That was going to be my next suggestion. (He gets up) So, you're not really doing this for me? Then I don't owe you a thing. Thank you. (Quark hugs Odo) You'll never know how much this means to me. Sorry. Now let's hurry before you change your mind. I always said you were too smart for me, Odo. [Holding cell] Getting you out. I've installed the cloaking device in the central engine core. You can activate it from the bridge as soon as the mooring clamps are released. Then I suggest you take your ship to warp eight and don't look back. Now please, make your goodbyes brief. (Quark opens the airlock and Garak is inside with a weapon.) No. Why are you doing this? Fine. Take them, but leave Natima alone. You see, they agree with me. Garak, if you harm these people, I'll see to it that Commander Sisko prosecutes you to the fullest extent of the law. I was already involved. You mean you're going to shoot me too? I'll keep that in mind. But you admit that they're wrong. Why don't you stand up for what you believe in? I'm going to see to it that every Ferengi on the station shops at your store. You heard the man. Get moving. Yes, yes, yes, go, quickly. Keep up the good work. (Natima kisses Quark) Just let them go. It'll be less painful that way. But we had a deal. So all I have to do to get you back is wait until Cardassia becomes a free and democratic society? I don't suppose I could come with you. I love you, too. You have to tell me, why'd you do it? Shoot Toran? I had no choice. I love her. I don't understand.
He only paid for one hour. He's been in there for three, fighting the Battle of Klachdachbrach or some such thing over and over. Well, he's been losing it all afternoon and he says he's not coming out until he wins. I banged on the door, he sealed himself in. I threatened to shut off the power, he threatened to kill me. [Outside the holosuite] (Loud sounds of battle roars and clashing of metal on metal) The Captain of the last Klingon ship that went through the wormhole sold some to me. I know, I know. It's brutal, it's violent, it's bloody, but to the Klingons, it's entertainment. He'll kill you.
Can I get you something? I assure you the warrant is out of date. I cleared that matter up months ago. Oh. When you recognised me, I assumed You're very observant. What can I do for you? With me? Er, perhaps I should explain about that slip of the tongue. I'm delighted to hear you say that. Because nothing would please me more than to make a fresh start with the Vulcans, Miz Sakonna. Such a handsome name for such a handsome young woman. What'll you have to drink? Wait a minute, I have just the thing. Vulcan port. Three centuries old. Very rare, very expensive. Shall I pour you a glass? Not even a taste? It's exquisite. (It's also a deep blue-grey.) Well, it'll be right here should you develop a thirst. Now, you mentioned a business proposition? Then we can discuss it over dinner. That is, we can plan the business meeting to coincide with when you think you might get hungry. That would be wonderful. How does eight sound to your tummy? (straight to camera) And by the way, I'd love to melt that cold Vulcan heart of yours. (The port is vile) [Habitat corridor] (Our bomber is walking along, when the female alien approaches and drops her purse.) I hope you're hungry. I've planned a wonderful meal for us starting with plomeek soup, which I know is a traditional Vulcan favourite. Followed by jumbo Romulan molluscs. You can't get those back on Vulcan any more, can you. Certainly not. This is a special occasion. The commencement of a new business relationship is the most special occasion for any Ferengi. It's a cause for opening great bottles of wine, dancing into the wee, small hours of the morning. We'll let it breathe for a few minutes. Maybe you'll change your mind after you drink the wine. Oh, come on. Somewhere inside that cool, controlled exterior of yours, there's a wild woman screaming to get out. Maybe by the end of the night, you'll be dancing on the tabletops. Maybe not. Rule of Acquisition number two fourteen. Never begin a business negotiation on an empty stomach. Yes. Every Ferengi business transaction is governed by two hundred and eighty five Rules of Acquisition to insure a fair and honest deal for all parties concerned. Well, most of them anyway. Is logical. Do Vulcans have anything similar? Same thing exactly. May I propose a toast? Yes. You know, I can't describe the honour I feel at this moment. It's rare that a Ferengi and a Vulcan can overcome their inherent differences to see eye-to-eye as we're doing. I've always had the greatest respect for Vulcans, even though the few I've met haven't exactly felt the same way about me. You are a noble people and I salute you. Now then, what kind of business proposition do you have in mind? I beg your pardon? Shh! You're a gun runner? You're not like other Vulcans, are you? [Meeting house] (Welcome to Volan 3) My source can have everything ready tomorrow, say by fourteen hundred hours. You're leaving so soon? I guess he'll have to. Are you trustworthy? Of course. Just a little joke. I'm sure it's all there. Well, it wouldn't hurt to give it a quick count, I suppose. I was looking forward to showing you more ways to mix business with pleasure. Intriguing. [Promenade] (Sisko and Dukat come out of the airlock)
I beg your pardon? Shh! You're a gun runner? I assure you, I had no idea that Sakonna was planning to kidnap Gul Dukat. Surely it's no crime keeping company with a beautiful female. You ought to try it, Odo. It might improve your disposition. Vulcans are a species that appreciate good ears. Commander, this is very embarrassing, having to discuss my personal life in such surroundings. All right. But first I want to make it clear that I was led astray by Sakonna's feminine wiles. Sakonna was in the market for certain items which I was able to obtain. At a considerable discount, I might add. Let's see. Where to begin? She wanted some deflector shields, navigational arrays, maybe a couple of hundred photon torpedoes. And pulse cannons and some high energy disrupters. I did not. The Pygorians sold them the weapons. I merely made some introductions. Besides, I hadn't even heard of the Maquis until after Dukat was kidnapped. Of course. And if you need some one to testify against Sakonna in court, I'd be more than willing. In a second. And let me know if there's anyone else who needs testifying against. I'll tell you one thing, Commander, Sakonna was on a tight clock. Whatever she needed those weapons for, it's going to happen within the next few days. Odo. (Odo leaves) This isn't funny. Odo! [Promenade] I hope you're happy. Well I'm a Ferengi, and my emotional state is very relevant, and right now I'm miserable and it's all your fault. Not well enough. Look, I know the Cardassians can't be trusted. I know the Central Command would like nothing better than to destroy the Federation colonies in the Demilitarised zone. Not for a second. Because your position is illogical. I don't want to, but you leave me no choice. It all comes down to the third Rule of Acquisition. You don't know that one, do you? Remind me to give you a copy of the Rules. You never know when they'll come in handy. Now, the third rule clearly states, 'Never spend more for an acquisition than you have to.' You want to acquire peace. Fine. Peace is good. But how much are you willing to pay for it? That's the kind of irresponsible spending that causes so many business ventures to fail. You're forgetting the third rule. Right now peace could be bought at a bargain price and you don't even realise it. Then I'll make it so simple that even a Vulcan can understand. The Central Command has been caught red-handed smuggling weapons to their settlers. So, every ship that approaches the Demilitarised zone will be searched. Without the support of the Central Command, the Cardassian settlers won't be so eager to fight. They have weapons. You have weapons. Everyone has weapons. But right now, no one has a clear advantage. So the price of peace is at an all-time low. This is the perfect time to sit down and hammer out an agreement. Don't you get it? Attacking the Cardassians now will only escalate the conflict and make peace more expensive in the long run. Now, I ask you, is that logical? [Guest quarters]
Quark to Bashir Doctor, I need you in my bar right away. [Quark's] (Garak is trying to cure his headache with his third bottle of booze.)
You certainly are the splitting image of the Intendant, just as they said. You know my name. Really? I hope I'm doing decent business. Got to be better than here. The Alliance taxes are killing me. What can I get you? The Intendant likes a hot jumja tea this time of day. Coming up. So, are we close friends on your side? Favours? What kind of favours do you ask him for? Such as? Didn't I hear somewhere that a transporter was involved in the first crossover? Do you have a way back to your side, Major? Under the right circumstances, I might be willing to help you get access to a transporter. Gold-pressed what? The ability to send others across to your side. That's not important. Mister Garak, what can I get you today? Drinks are always on the house for you. Is there a problem? Me? I'm a simple barkeep, and a coward. I assure you I don't stick my neck out for anyone. This is all a misunderstanding. I assure you (Quark grabs a rifle but Garak knocks it out of his hands, deflecting the shot. Quark tries to run and is caught by the Klingons and hauled away.) I have nothing but respect for you, Intendant. I am so sorry. Yes, Intendant. No, Intendant, please. I made a mistake. Have mercy. Please. No. (Quark is hauled out)
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. (The dabo girl gives him a Look.) Okay, okay. Eleven? Fine. Twelve, thirteen, fourteen. And not a strip more. (The dabo girl leaves, happy.) I hate payday. (whirling round) Whatever she told you, I didn't do it. The day's still young. I can't help it. Between the two of you, I'm developing a persecution complex. All right, what's going on? You want something from me, don't you? Exactly. So what is it and how much trouble is it going to cause me? Isn't that illegal? Perfect. Not only is it illegal, it's sacrilegious. Okay, but I'm going to have to have written authorisation from you, countersigned by Commander Sure, and then when things go wrong, I take the fall. That's what you think, But I happen to be a firm believer in Rule of Acquisition number two hundred and eighty five. No good deed ever goes unpunished. (Odo pushes Quark to his comm. panel behind the bar.) Of course I can, if I wanted to barge in like some rank amateur. This is going to take a little while. I'll let you know when I'm done. [Promenade] Hey, hey, Odo. The good news is I broke through the security seal. The bad news is the file's empty. All the messages have been erased. [Ops]
Morn, you've been sitting here all day staring at the same drink. Talk to me. I want to help. I'm not just your bartender, I'm your friend. Whatever's wrong, I'm here for you. (Just before Morn can speak, Odo walks past.) Hold that thought. [Promenade - upper level] Well? What did he say? Commander Sisko. About my idea. Stop torturing me, Odo. Tell me what he said. He said yes. It would triple my profits. But how could he refuse? Don't be ridiculous. Major Kira's the one that doesn't like me. Sisko What did I ever do to him? One or two things. That's nothing. So do you think there's any way I can change his mind? Not now. Why not? You're going to the Gamma Quadrant with Commander Sisko. How Lucky for you. (Morn is still holding that thought.) [Runabout Rio Grande] Ah, there you are. Where do I put my bags? What does it look like? I'm going with you. Really, Commander. You don't expect my nephew to go all the way to the Gamma Quadrant without proper supervision? No offence. Some of my best friends are humans. But my brother Rom isn't as liberal as I am. Let's face it, he's never been comfortable about Nog's friendship with your son. I know that, but Rom is convinced all humans look down on Ferengi, and by allowing me to come on this trip you can help prove him wrong. He is wrong, isn't he? I don't see what's so pretty about it. I can tell you what I see in two words. Exploitable resources. As a wise man once wrote, 'Nature decays, but latinum lasts forever.' (Quark scratches behind his ear) Good lad. Nog, I have some ointment in one of my bags. Get it. Oh, I get a mild reaction now and then. Nature. And miss all the fun? Never. Besides, I'm really looking forward to our getting to know each other better. (Sisko gazes to heaven, then walks on) (Further on, they are resting by a tree and lots of flowers as Quark paints bright aqua ointment on his lobes.) Ahh, that's much better. Now, if it only wasn't so hot. It isn't the heat so much as the humidity and the insects, the stench of these flowers. I'm glad we could talk like this. There's nothing like facing the wilderness to bring people closer. No? No to what? Why not? It's a brilliant idea. With my connections, I could offer a whole range of merchandise which normally couldn't be acquired in this sector. Collectibles. Andorian jewellry, Vulcan IDIC pins, Bolian crystalsteel. And with my low overhead, I could offer these items at a significant discount. Did I mention I was going to donate two percent of my net profits to the Bajoran Fund for Orphans? Three percent? (Sisko walks over to the boys and their tricorder.) I still say there's some dirt in the sauce. And these bugs. Look at this. They get into everything. It's disgusting. Only certain bugs. Ferengi bugs. Nog, get some more ointment for the back of my neck. I'm on fire! I'm on fire! (He is leaping about with his right cuff ablaze. Sisko wraps a blanket over it.) No, I'm not all right! My ears itch, my nose is running, I'm eating foreign bugs. Now look at me. One minute I'm trying to pick out a couple of bugs out of that jumbawhatsit pot, next thing I know, whoosh! What did I do? (Nog hisses at Quark and runs off.) Now see what you've done. The boy couldn't stand seeing his favourite Uncle insulted. I guess Rom was right after all. You don't like Ferengis, do you? All right, name me one Ferengi you do like. Ah ha. You see? I was right. You Federation types are all alike. You talk about tolerance and understanding but you only practice it toward people who remind you of yourselves. Because you disapprove of Ferengi values, you scorn us, distrust us, insult us every chance you get. Tell me, Commander, would you allow your son to marry a Ferengi female? Exactly my point. (An alien woman runs into the camp and summons an energy pulse from her chest which knocks Sisko down.) Don't hurt me. There's just the two of us. This has not been a good day. (Later, Nog and Jake return to the deserted camp and smoking fire. Jake uses his comm. badge.) Hey! Is anybody there? Hello! We're humanoids! We require food and water. Hello? (to Eris) This is your fault. They were after you, not us. Why don't you say something to them? Tell them you've never seen us before. We have nothing to do with her! This is a misunderstanding! I have the right to express my opinion. You don't scare me. And you want to know why you don't scare me? Because I'm already more scared than I've ever been in my life. I'm not helping anything? I don't see you coming up with any ideas. Or her. Believe me, she's not. Trust me, I didn't raise my nephew to be a fool. He'll find the nearest dark hole and climb into it. Don't they teach you how to neutralise security fields in Starfleet? A lovely sentiment. The Dominion? The Ferengi have been trying to open up trade negotiations with the Dominion for almost a year now. We've never heard of the Jem'Hadar. Hello! I know someone must be listening to me out there. Whoever's in charge, you're missing a very lucrative opportunity. Did I mention I happen to be a close personal friend of the Grand Nagus. He's a very powerful person. This isn't getting us anywhere. Commander, allow me. How would you like a thousand cases of tulaberry wine. (Talak'talan's grabs Quark and starts crushing his ribcage.) Well, now that we're all friends, I feel much better. [Runabout Rio Grande] (Jake and Nog beam up) Sure, Quark, be quiet. Quark, stand watch. Quark, pick a lock. All you ever do is order me around. You know, Commander, I think I've figured out why humans don't like Ferengis. The way I see it, humans used to be a lot like Ferengi. Greedy, acquisitive, interested only in profit. We're a constant reminder of a part of your past you'd like to forget. But you're overlooking something. Humans used to be a lot worse than the Ferengi. Slavery, concentration camps, interstellar wars. We have nothing in our past that approaches that kind of barbarism. You see? We're nothing like you. We're better. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a lock to pick. [Runabout Rio Grande] (Isolinear chips and stuff are all over the floor) This is a very sophisticated device. Most telepathic suppressors I've seen have been much bulkier. You know, there might be a market for this in the Alpha Quadrant. I'm sorry, but I don't have much to work with. If you would just stay still, I'd be (and the collar unlocks) Done. You're welcome. Wait. Stop. I've got to start using one of those holosuite exercise programmes. Thank you, Commander. I'm glad someone around here appreciates me. (And all three get beamed up) [Runabout Rio Grande] Nog, you're never going on a field trip again. Commander, wait. (re the collar) We need to talk. [Ops] I've been looking over this collar of yours. I thought if I replicated it, I might be able to turn a tidy profit. Imagine my surprise when I discovered there's nothing in here. It's just a complicated locking device.
We've never heard of the Jem'Hadar. I'm a little confused, Commander. You want me to go with you to the Gamma Quadrant to help you locate the Founders? You're joking with me, aren't you? Having a little fun with Quark? You can't be. I'm not a diplomat, or an explorer, or a tactical officer, or whatever else you might need on this trip. Now, if you need a caterer, I'll be happy to loan you a new replicator that I just got from A minor part, a very minor part. Actually, my brother Rom did most of the talking. I think he'd be better suited for this mission. But why? Rom only has a son to think about. I have a business. I'm sorry, Commander, but I must refuse. My last experience with the Jem'Hadar was not a pleasant one and I have no intention of repeating it. Now, there's no way you can legally force me to do this. (Sisko produces a staff. A staff with a golden Ferengi head for decoration.) The sceptre of the Grand Nagus. I don't believe it. No, no, of course not. I'm happy to serve the Nagus any way that I can. Odo! I take that as a personal insult, Doctor. Am I glad to see you. I've been stuck down here in this miserable hole ever since I came aboard. Bunk beds, no view, and I can't tell you what came out of that replicator when I asked for synthehol. (Odo puts his bucket in a corner.) So, what's your role on this little adventure? Providing security, no doubt. Well, of course you are. I mean, why else would you be here? I can tell you I feel much safer now, just knowing that you're along, because I know I can trust you I understand, completely. This is a very private moment and I won't interfere. (turns his back) This won't be so bad, sharing The Grand Nagus himself has sent me as an emissary on his behalf. If you aid us in our mission, I'm authorised to increase our purchases of tulaberry wine to the Karemma by three percent. I have considerable leeway to bargain in this circumstance. Name your terms. Done. I mean, one deal at a time, Ornithar. We were talking about the Founders. In this case, being cautious will cost you a substantial profit. The Ferengi will cease purchasing tulaberry wine immediately. Commander, I believe I have fulfilled my role on this mission, so if you don't mind That was our agreement. He may serve the Dominion, but I'm the one lining his pockets with latinum. I'll book passage on the next ship going through the wormhole, and I'll make a profit in the process. Same to you, Commander. (Quark and Ornithar leave.)
Excuse me. Pardon me. (to a Jem'Hadar) After you. Look out. Coming through. Sorry to keep you waiting, gentleman. That's two synthales. On the house. I have inside information that the peace agreement is about to be finalised. If you must know, I overheard two Jem'Hadar officers. I don't see why not. Oh, I know we got off to a rocky start but, they're not so bad really. I think they have the gene. The gambling gene. They've barely been on the station a week and already they can hardly drag themselves away from the dabo table. How fortunate for all of us. You see, I have a dream. A dream that one day all people, human, Jem'Hadar, Ferengi, Cardassians, will stand together in peace around my dabo tables. I am, aren't I? Gentlemen, please, remember my vision.
Now I know we're doomed. Rule of Acquisition two eighty six. When Morn leaves, it's all over. There should be. Bad? Bad? It's twenty-one hundred hours, the bar's open, there's a sale on synthehol, and there's no one here! (Correction, there's a drunken Klingon at a corner table.) How many has he had? I should've gone into insurance. Better hours, more money, less scruples. It's all Sisko's fault. That's right. If he'd handled things better with the Dominion, none of this would've happened. They want a foothold in the Alpha Quadrant? Cut a deal, make a few arrangements, give them a little something for their trouble. But no, he had to play it tough, so now everyone's afraid of the Dominion. And that means fewer people on the station, which means fewer people at Quark's, which means I am out of business. What's the problem? Credit? I'll handle it. Watch and learn. (Kozak is almost falling out of his seat) My name is Quark. I'd like to discuss arranging a line of credit. I wish we could put him on display. Look at them. They're consumed with morbid fascination. They can't wait to get in here. They all want to know what happened. Was it a bar fight? What started it? And most of all, who killed the Klingon? I killed him in a bar fight. You heard me. I killed him in self-defence. Look at that crowd. How long has it been since you've seen that many customers waiting to get in here? This is an opportunity to turn everything around. If push comes to shove we tell the truth and no harm done. Rom, let me put it another way. If business doesn't improve, I'll have to start making a few cutbacks in the operation of my bar. Beginning with your salary. I'd probably have to cut it back to zero. I'm sorry. I couldn't avoid it. (Quark makes his way to where he can perform for the crowd outside.) He was abusive, vulgar. A typical drunken Klingon. All that was fine, till it came time to pay his bill and he refused. I insisted. We began to argue. He pushed me. I pushed back. I was about to call for security to throw him out of my bar when suddenly he pulled a knife on me! I avoided the first thrust. He came at me again. I hit him with a left jab. There was a furious exchange of blows. The next thing I knew, his knife was at my throat. So I twisted it from his grasp and plunged it into his chest. I will never forget the look on his face when his life drained away. I'd rather not talk about this anymore. [O'Brien's quarters] (Keiko is tending a bonsai when O'Brien comes home.) Don't worry Constable, I won't be dispatching anymore customers today. You don't have to keep an eye on me. Then what can I do for you? Sure. Well, sounds like someone who was going to get himself killed sooner or later. It's a shame it had to happen here. I told you what happened, Constable. Now, either order something or make room for a paying customer. (Odo leaves.) I heard him. It's not about profit anymore. It's about respect. You see the way they look at me now? I'm not just some venal Ferengi trying to take their money. I'm Quark, slayer of Klingons. I've struck a blow for Ferengi everywhere. If that happens I'll stand up, look them right in the eye, and offer them a bribe. [Corridor] (Quark walks round a corner, gets grabbed by a Klingon and pushed against the bulkhead.) I can explain. Believe me, you'll like it. He was in my bar. I asked him to pay his tab. He refused. I was willing to let it go at that but then he pulled his knife and came at me. And the truth of the matter is, he was so inebriated that he just fell and You do? I see. So what you're saying is if I killed him in personal combat, that's good? I wish you had been there. You would have been proud of your brother. He fought a brave and valiant battle right up to the end. It was an honour to kill him. You can count on it. Meh-ha. 13.24 [O'Brien's quarters] (O'Brien is setting a romantic dinner for two when Keiko enters.) Who's there? We're closed. That depends on who's asking. (It's a Klingon woman) Oh, er, well, er, come in. Can I get you a drink or something to eat? I didn't want to. I had no choice. Absolutely. He died like a warrior. I'm very sorry this happened. Is there something I can do? What's going on here? Who are you? All right. (She puts the knife away.) He was drunk and he did try to attack me, but he tripped and fell on his own knife. It's a gift. What? What happened? Where am I? Kronos? The Klingon homeworld. What's it called now? What about Kozak's brother, D'Ghor? But he came to DS Nine. He told me I don't understand. Why? Let me ask just one (Grilka puts a knife to Quark's throat) Go'Eveh lu cha wabeh to va re'Luk. What's done? Can I say something? It seems there's some kind of dispute going on over some land, maybe some other property. I think maybe we should consider a deal. Quark. Quark! I was trying to avoid a lot of unnecessary bloodshed, like my own. Fine. What's next? What do we do now? How do we strengthen the position of your House? How do we keep D'Ghor from carrying out his threat? What's the plan? You don't have a plan, do you? You're just making this up as you go along. But you have no idea where to go from here. Can I make a suggestion? Let's try having a more equal partnership, shall we? Just tell me what's going on. Would it be possible for me to see all the financial records of your House and I mean all of them. D'Ghor's too, if you can arrange it. Maybe I can find a way out of this mess. Look, we've been doing things your way ever since this started, and now you've run out of ideas, so maybe we should try doing things my way for a change. It certainly can't hurt to let me look at some filthy ledgers. [Replimat] (O'Brien is designing an arboretum on a PADD.) Very clever. Very clever indeed. D'Ghor has manipulated your family's holdings, devalued the lands you hold, and he is the principal creditor on Kozak's outstanding gambling debts. It's no accident your family's getting weaker and D'Ghor's family is getting stronger. He's been systematically attacking your family's assets for over five years now. Like a Ferengi. And risk destroying the very thing he wanted most, your lands and property? It's all right there. All I have to do is talk them through it. Well, it is the House of Quark, after all. Let's go talk to the Council. [Klingon Great hall] So, as you can see from the gross adjusted assets tabulation in column J, the net value of the land acquisition was actually zero. Now, if you go to the file marked Devaluation of Capital Income, we can review the way D'Ghor I don't know what he's trying to pull here. The only other person who was there was Come on, this way. And keep quiet. (But when they get to the main door, Tumek blocks their way.) Look, I have done my part in this little game of yours and I am sorry about your House and title, but there's a man out there who wants to kill me tomorrow. To you Klingons there may be no other way, but there's an old Ferengi saying about discretion being the better part of valour. Sticks and stones. All right, let's go. What? What? You think I should stay and fight D'Ghor? Is that what you're thinking? How could you let her get to you like this? Don't you see what she's trying to do? She's trying to make us feel guilty. Well, it's not going to work. Right. I certainly don't. Well, now let's get out of here. [Klingon Great hall] I am Quark, son of Keldar, and I have come to answer the challenge of D'Ghor, son of whatever. I wish I could say that's comforting. Go ahead, kill me. That's why I'm here, isn't it, to be killed? Well, here I am, so go ahead and do it. You all want me to pick up that sword and try to fight him, don't you? But I don't have a chance and you know it. You only want me to put up a fight so your precious honour will be satisfied. Well, I'm not going to make it so easy for you. Having me fight D'Ghor is nothing more than an execution, so, if that's what you want, that's what you'll get. An execution. No honour, no glory. And when you tell your children and your grandchildren the glorious story of how you rose to power and took Grilka's House from her, I hope you remember to tell them how you heroically killed an unarmed Ferengi half your size. I would like a divorce, please. No offence. A little warning would've been nice. (Grilka kisses him) Qapla' to you too. [Quark's cafe] (Looking down on a busy dabo table.) I was lucky. If it didn't work I didn't have another card to play. Business is dropping off again. If father were alive, he'd wash your mouth out with galcor. Respect is good, but latinum's better. Everyone's tired of hearing it, Rom. It's not going to boost business anymore. All right, but I'm taking this time out of your pay cheque. Well, when I entered the Great Hall, the first thing I noticed was that D'Ghor was about a metre taller than I remembered. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Something wrong, Lieutenant? (The Promenade is back to normal.)
Why don't you tell your Uncle Quark all about it? You're fifteen minutes late for your appointment in the holosuites, and by the look of that drink, you've been nursing it for a while. You got stood up, didn't you? You've obviously never been in the right holosuite programme. But, if you'd like, I could Maybe some other time. (Quark leaves)
Not now. Look! This is a surprise. So do I. This isn't a good time to be selling your kind of salvage. I'm not looking for junk right now, but I'm more in the market for entertainment. You're still going to the Gamma Quadrant? I love bold women. How much? What kind of ship is it? Can I see it first? Three bars of latinum? It was worth it. (There's a crying noise. Quark clears the top of a gently steaming container and opens it.) No. No. No. [Infirmary] (A tiny infant is being checked over by Bashir and a nurse.) I just thought that I was buying some wreckage. How was I supposed to know there was a baby in there? There is and I do, usually. (Dax enters) Now wait a minute. I paid good money for that wreckage and (Sisko gives him a Look.) And now it's yours. Enjoy. (Quark leaves and Sisko picks up the baby.)
Odo, do you mind telling me what this is all about? That message from Dukat is making my customers nervous, and when they're nervous they're not Well, is there anything I can do to help? Let's see. I think I have everything from levels one through seven. Well, if you'd like a level seven, I'm sure we could make some kind of arrangement. Oh, no. There's something very wrong going on and this is the safest place on the whole station. I think I'll stay right here. [Ore Processing unit] (Sisko is trying an access door to the chute on the upper level.) What do you mean, we're trapped? But you're a shape-shifter. Excuse me, a changeling. So change into something and get us out of here. You're telling me I'm stuck here with you? Come on. Come on! I should've listened to my father. He always warned me this was going to happen. No. He warned me never to leave home. He said there were plenty of business opportunities right outside my door. But no, I had to follow the seventy fifth Rule of Acquisition. Home is where the heart is but the stars are made of latinum. A lifetime of scheming and plotting, wheeling and dealing, and what has it got me? One measly little bar. My uncle Frin owns thirty and my cousin Gaila I told you that? It's a small moon, but it's enough to live on. Oh, what do you know? Really? I guess not. Thank you, Odo. That means a lot to me. Now, can I have the phaser back? Tell me something I don't already know. Are you telling me we're the only ones still locked in? But why go to so much trouble to keep people out of the Security office? And I know why. It's because they knew you were an honourable man. The kind of person who would do the right thing regardless of the circumstances. And now your integrity is going to get us both killed. I hope you're happy. [Corridor] (reading) A self-important con artist who's nowhere near as clever as he thinks he is. That's your official security evaluation of me? Two hours ago you told me I was the most devious Ferengi you ever met. Name one Ferengi who's more devious than I am. All right, name another. One you personally know. My brother? Gaila? The one with the moon? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Done so soon? You were barely in the holosuite ten minutes. I understand. It's a very effective programme. I'm sorry to hear you say that, but if you're asking for a refund, forget it. The contract specifically says that satisfaction is not guaranteed. But for a valued customer such as yourself, I'll make an exception and allow you try a different programme. No extra charge. Let's see. Something a little bit more unique. Oh, I have just the thing. A picnic with the Pleasure Goddess of Rixx. I can even provide real food for a small fee, of course. Forget the food. Believe me, you've never had a picnic like this one. Well, tell me what it is and I'll order it for you. It may take some time, but if it exists I'll get it. A custom programme? It'll be expensive. (Tiron takes a large piece of gold-pressed latinum from his sleeve.) For that kind of money you can move into a holosuite. Now, what is it you want? Kira? What are you going to do with Kira in a holosuite? No, don't tell me. I don't want to know. It isn't going to be easy. I'd have to get her into the holosuite and record her image, and she hates holosuites. Consider it done. Now I'll just keep this Leave it to me. (Tiron leaves) The things I do for money. [Village square] I'm afraid you just missed him. (A waiter shows Quark a PADD.) Really? So soon? Would you come with me, please. Listen up, everyone! I have wonderful news! It's my pleasure to announce that my one millionth customer just walked through the doors and here she is. Ladies and gentlemen, Major Kira Nerys! Major, that would be dishonest. This is a special occasion. An event like this only happens once in a bar owner's lifetime. Let me tell you about your prizes. Of course you won something, it's part of the celebration. Well, now you have. Congratulations. My customers are my livelihood, Major. This is a chance for me to give something back to them. Now, let's see what we have for you. A bottle of Kandora champagne, vintage twenty three sixty eight. That's a very good year. These are good for five free spins at the dabo wheel and last but not least, one free hour in a holosuite with the programme of your choice. Offer good today only. Right this way. But, Major, what about you? Odo, move out of there. You're ruining my shot. Where are you going? Uh-oh Nothing. Oh, you mean this holo-imager? I was just recording an image of the Promenade to send home to my mother. Of you? Not at all. You just happened to get in the frame. Will you stop doing that? You want the truth? I'll tell you the truth. I was trying to get an image of you for a special holosuite programme I'm designing. I'm sure you can, but you'd be mistaken. The fact is, I'm working on a simulation of the station's Operations Centre. People want to know what goes on up there, and they want to imagine themselves fending off a Cardassian attack, or facing a fleet of Jem'Hadar ships. Isn't there some petty thief you can harass? What do you say, Major? Give the public what they want. They're not asking for much. Just the chance to work side-by-side with you. Is that a no? Definitely a no. [Garden] (Deral is by the pond when Dax arrives.) Tiron, I was just thinking about you. Stop, you're embarrassing me. Not to worry. No. It's a high-level decryption protocol and I'm going to use it to get the final information I need for your programme. It cost me dearly. I was hoping you'd say that. I'll put it on your bill. You'll have it. And I assure you it'll be well worth the wait. I'll stake my reputation on it. Now, where to begin? [Security office] Now I believe we agreed I'd be paid on delivery. You have your own holosuite? His very own holosuite. It's good to have money. [Holosuite] (Tiron parts the diaphanous curtains to reveal the silhouette of a sleek humanoid female stretching languidly on a bed. He goes through the final curtain and we join his gaze as it goes from foot, leg, body covered in a thin shift until she lifts her head from behind a large cushion. Quark's head!) You mean you didn't like the programme? Wait. What about my money?
Karvino juice, Lorvan crackers, a holosuite programme, a jumja stick and gambling tokens. I'll be giving you a full report of her activities, Doctor.
That's right genuine latinum-plated Renewal Scroll inscription pens. Blessed by Vedek Redab himself shortly before he passed away. Each pen is engraved with the words Deep Space Nine's Third Annual Gratitude Festival, today's date, and a lovely portrait of the station by Ermat Zimm. So get them while you can. They're sure to become collector's items. (Ermat Zimm will be Herman Zimmerman, I presume. Odo and Lwaxana are sitting at a table. She is entranced by the jugglers and acrobats. Upstairs - ) [Quark's cafe] Peldor joi, Chief. You look terrible. Here, have a free pen. To write down your problems on a Renewal Scroll. Really? I thought you could sum them up with one word. Keiko. Tell me I'm wrong. If you ask me, it's your own fault. You never should have let her go to Bajor in the first place. That would've been a good start. You humans, you never learn. You let your women go out in public, hold jobs, wear clothing, and you wonder why your marriages fall apart. Criticise it all you want. But on the Ferengi homeworld, husbands and wives never argue. There's no divorce, no broken homes, nothing but peaceful conjugal bliss. I haven't met the right woman yet. And out of your life. Hey! Commander, here's that I'danian spice pudding you ordered. Commander, you throw one hell of a party. Pudding, anyone? I've got I'danian spice pudding. Pudding anyone? Doctor. Pudding any one? Help yourself. (Quark gives Dax the tray.) Forget about him. What about me? I need you, Keiko. My ears tingle at the sight of you. Marry me.
Commander, am I glad to see you. I just received a message from the Grand Nagus. He wanted me to remind you of the critical role he played in establishing contact with the Dominion. There is one more thing, Commander. It seems the Nagus's nephew Belongo is currently being held by Starfleet authorities on Aldebaran Three. A slight misunderstanding, I'm sure.
Excuse me, your Eminence. Kai Winn, allow me to introduce Kai Winn. In honour of the occasion, I've named my latest creation after you. It's a chocolate soufflé with Haligian tongue sauce. And you're also very popular. Believe me, I can't keep up with the orders so far.
Is it fixed yet? What's taking so long? You said it might overload the system. Might. Of course it's your fault. Everything that goes wrong here is your fault. It says so in your contract. Now, this mess had better be cleaned up before lunchtime or I'm taking the losses out of your pay. I tell you, I won't stand for it. No nephew of mine is going to disgrace our family name by joining Starfleet. My mind is made up. I forbid it. Rom, stay out of this. Fine. You tell him he can't go. You're both insane.
Whose quarters are these? Gilora's or Ulani's? Odo, please. I have a bottle of Kanar for each of them, along with a personal invitation to Quark's. I've had three cases in my storeroom since the occupation. There hasn't been much call for it the past few years, but that's about to change. There may only be two for now, but there'll be more, thanks to the peace treaty. That's the thirty fifth Rule. War is good for business. It's easy to get them confused. The way I see it, it won't be long before there's a permanent Cardassian presence on the station. Scientists, diplomats, spies. As long as they can pay. Rumour has it that the shop next door to mine is going out of business. I'm thinking of renting it and setting up a few Cardassian gaming concessions. I would never be party to anything so cruel and inhumane. But, of course, if some Cardassians happened to bring their voles along and they happened to get into a fight, I could hardly be held responsible for Fine. Forget the vole fights. But I'll tell you this. Good Kanar is hard to find and I have three cases of it. (Dax uncorks a bottle and sniffs it.) But that's just the beginning. Soon, Quark's will become known as the best place for Cardassian food and drink in this sector. I'll probably set up daily shipments from Cardassia. I may even need to buy my own transport ship. (Dax tastes the Kanar and pulls a face.) What? (Quark tastes it too) I believe this is the party you're looking for. I took the liberty of preparing a few of our special Cardassian delicacies. All fresh, not replicated. Well, enjoy.
You don't have to be quite so gentle. Tell you about what? I have one hundred gross of self-sealing stem bolts sitting in Cargo bay eleven. For only ten bars of gold-pressed latinum. You don't know how much this means to me. Glad to be of help. No need to rush. Your family's ship won't be here for a week. We'll have plenty of time to finalise the deal before then. I'm a very unusual Ferengi. (doorbell) That must be the Saurian brandy I ordered. Enter. (Rom enters) Rom? Where's my brandy? There's nothing wrong. Have you lost your mind? She's willing, she's wealthy, and she's wants to buy our stem bolts. Right now, nothing is more important than this. (Enter a staff with a gold Ferengi head on it) Grand Nagus Zek. (to Emi) Go. Go! (Emi leaves and the cloaked Zek enters) What does Zek want with me? A cup of millipede juice, hold the shells. (The drink arrives) Rom! Rom! Rom! (Rom comes out of the bathroom, using an electric toothbrush device but for his ear.) Would it be too much trouble for you to put these empty bottles in the replicator? Except Nog is on the Homeworld visiting his grandmother. No it won't. Until the Nagus gives me back my own quarters this is my home too, and I've had enough of this mess. Clean it up. Now. Yes, you will. It's bad enough I've to put up with your constant teeth grinding every night, and your incessant ear-picking. But I will not tolerate living like some Pakled refuse merchant for another. Wait a minute. This is a bottle of Aldeberan whiskey. I recognise this label. This is from my private stock. It most certainly is. Wait a minute. What's that over there? Nog's favourite. This came from my stockroom, didn't it? No, I'm accusing you of being a thief. These table linens, this chair, that table, everything in here comes from my bar. As soon as you're done cleaning up, I'm going to conduct a complete inventory and find out exactly what you've stolen from me. Now get to work. What I want is my own quarters back. What do I do? What do you mean, I think? That does it. I've been accommodating long enough. If the Nagus wants to stay on the station, he's going to have to find someplace else to live. [Corridor] (Quark storms three steps across to the door opposite.) I'm not going to disturb him. You are. Zek likes me, so I can't afford to get on his bad side. On the other hand, he barely acknowledges your existence, so you have nothing to lose. Now get in there and tell the Nagus he'll have to leave. And whatever happens, don't let Maihar'du intimidate you. Don't worry. If you need me, I'll be close by. Why thank you. We'd be delighted. What happened to my furniture? And what work was that, Grand Nagus? If I my be so bold? May I? (reading) The Rules of Acquisition, Revised for the Modern Ferengi. You rewrote the Rules of Acquisition? Rom, you know what this means? No, you idiot. It means we'll be the first Ferengi to benefit from Zek's wisdom. The knowledge contained in this book could make us both rich beyond our wildest dreams. The first Rule of Acquisition is If they want their money back Give it to them. Oh, skip to the end. Well, what is it? I can take it. Tell me. I just have to sit down. (Rom fans him with the book.) No, take it away. Got to think. Got to think. There has to be some explanation, a reason for why he's doing this. No. Don't you see? He's testing us. Yes, that must be it. It's some kind of test. The book, the book. No, but it must be some kind of code. Read me the first word of every Rule. If never keep profit a good smile honesty. It means absolutely nothing. Maybe if we hold the pages up to the light. No, no. (Quark taps the cover, sniffs it, tastes the edges of the pages.) No, that's not it. The answer must be right in front of us. Nonsense. The Nagus is the most brilliant Ferengi alive. I've modelled my life after him. Don't ever let me hear you speak that way about him again. How could he believe this insanity? No. It has to be part of some brilliant, twisted, devious plan. The Nagus isn't like you and me, Rom. He thinks ten, sometimes twenty, steps ahead. These Rules are probably the key component in some vast plot to seize financial control of the entire quadrant. The only thing we can do. We put down this book and we walk away. And when the Nagus feels ready, he'll inform us of his plans. But until then, we have to act as if we know nothing. If never keep profit a good smile honesty. Nah. But why? Drinks for everyone, compliments of the Grand Nagus. Is there anything else I get you, Nagus? We just got in a shipment of quality Hupyrian beetle snuff. Was her name Emi, by any chance? It's about time. Rom, watch the bar. We're finally going to get rid of those stem bolts. But we have a contract. She didn't seem to think so. You what? Wholesale? He told her where to get them at wholesale. What am I going to do with a hundred gross of stem bolts? (Quark wanders off) Rom, what's all this? If you don't get down to the bar right now, you're the one going to need a little help. The Nagus is a very smart man. What could the Nagus possibly want with you? Evolved? Into what? Beyond greed? There's nothing beyond greed. Greed is the purest, most noble of emotions. No, it's not. The tenth Rule of Acquisition is, Greed is Eternal. What do you mean, we? He never mentioned anything about that to me. We'll be there, all right. And we'll probably be right alongside of him when they throw him from the spire of the Tower of Commerce. Exactly. Don't you see, Rom. There's something terribly wrong with the Nagus, and we have to help him before he gets us all killed. [Infirmary] (Bashir is checking Zek's ear.) Does this mean you'll going to have to go in for some exploratory surgery? To find out what's wrong with him. That's not true. There's something deeply wrong with him, and you have to find out what it is. No. He's sick, I tell you. You have to perform more tests. You have to do something. Put him in stasis. Keep him from hurting himself until you can figure out what is wrong with him. I can't believe you're supposed to be one of the five best doctors in the Federation. If you ask me, you're a quack. No wonder everyone says you don't have a chance to win the Carrington. Let's go. Maybe we can make an appointment for you to see Doctor Wade. And you say he's not sick. A gift. What kind of gift? Aren't you done yet? I don't care. I have to know what he intends to give the Bajorans. I hate surprises. Now hurry it up, before some (Footsteps approach.) Maihar'du. As you can see, my brother and I were repairing the door locks on the Nagus's (Maihar'du unlocks the shuttle and beckons them in.) [The Nagus' shuttle] This is the gift? It's one of the missing Bajoran Orbs, Rom. An Orb of the Prophets. I tell you, this Orb explains everything. Zek's behaviour, the new Rules, the Ferengi Benevolent Association, everything. I'm not sure, but I'm going to find out. Don't just stand there. Talk to me. I know how you feel. What are you doing? Don't be ridiculous. Rom, it's too dangerous. Leave it alone. I said, leave it alone. (The two struggle for it and the box opens.) [Quark's] (Entering the vision, Quark is sitting on his spinning dabo wheel.) Rom? Maihar'du? Morn? Anybody? Grand Nagus? Yes. Yes! [The Nagus' shuttle] (Rom shuts the box and the vision is finished.) A gift. Zek said the new rules were a gift. No. A gift to Zek from them. Don't you see? They did it. They put the idea for the New Rules in Zek's head. They changed him somehow. The Prophets. The aliens that live inside the wormhole. They did this to him, didn't they? (Maihar'du nods.) Tell me everything. You're right. Give him a handkerchief or something. I'm going to try to break into Zek's personal logs. [Airlock] According to Zek's logs, he obtained the Orb from one of his contacts on Cardassia Three. From there, he headed straight for the wormhole. His ship's log shows that he entered the wormhole, stayed inside for only a few minutes, then reversed course and came here. In his personal logs, Zek said that the future was looking very bright indeed. Don't you get it? According to Dax, the wormhole aliens can see through time. The Nagus must've thought he could convince them to let him see the future. That way he could anticipate economic changes throughout the galaxy. Something must've gone terribly wrong. But I intend to set it right. I have an idea. Not really. Wait. I have to be sure that he's all right. Grand Nagus, can you hear me? Are you okay? You hear that? We have to help him. [The Nagus' shuttle] Go on. Get out of here before you have me crying too. Get out of here. (Maihar'du leaves and Zek is still humming happily in his sack.) Don't worry. Everything's going to be okay. (WHOOSH. Inside the wormhole, Quark lets Zek out of the sack. The shuttle is shaking.) Are you? Into the wormhole. What's going on? So you did meet them. How did you make contact? Sounds simple enough. Hello? (Rom and Quark studying the new Rules of Acquisition in Quark's barren quarters) (Bashir and the Quark in the Infirmary) (Maihar'du carrying the Nagus in a sack) Hello? Anyone there? Doctor? What are you doing in here? I get it. You're the wormhole aliens. Or would you rather be called the Prophets? I never could figure that one out. What? Sisko? What does he have to do with anything? I know all about it. He's quite a guy. But I'm not here to talk about Sisko. I'm here to talk about the Nagus. The other Ferengi who visited you. The one who brought the Orb. He came to see you, to ask for help. He wanted to learn about the future. That's right. So what went wrong? He wanted to see the future so he could gain by it. He taught you about profit. It has its advantages. We haven't? Wait a second. Are you telling me that you somehow de-evolved the Nagus? You can't do that. The Nagus is the financial leader of billions of Ferengi. I demand that you re-evolve him immediately. Wait. Let's not be hasty. There's nothing wrong with acquiring profit. And he was right. Look, I don't know how you people live, but all of us corporeal, linear whatevers have certain things in common, and one of those things is the need to improve ourselves. Our ambition to improve ourselves motivates everything we do. Without ambition, without, dare I say it, greed, people would lie around all day doing nothing. They wouldn't work, they wouldn't bathe, they wouldn't even eat. They'd starve to death. Is that what you want? Are you so isolated and detached that you would sit back and allow the extinction of every corporeal being in the galaxy? All right, so maybe I exaggerated a little. Wait. If you don't want to have any more contact with the Ferengi, that's fine with me. But by altering me, you won't be avoiding contact, you'll be encouraging it. My people are very inquisitive, and if you change me, they're going to want to know what happened. And they're going to come here to find out. Just as I came to find out what happened to Zek. And potentially very annoying to you. But on the other hand, if you leave me alone, and you put the Nagus back the way he was when you met him, I guarantee you you'll never have to talk with another Ferengi again. So what do you say? My point exactly. Which is why I think you should send me back (Flash!) [The Nagus' shuttle] I think so. What about you? Did you say sell? Oh, Nagus. You're back. I'm so happy. (Quark hugs Zek.) Whatever you say. [Wardroom] You can count on me. Don't worry. Within a week, he'll have forgotten them all. He doesn't have to thank me. He's the Nagus. There's only one thing that bothers me. Don't get me wrong, I was honoured to help the Nagus, but it would've been nice if I'd been able to make a little profit for my troubles. What are you talking about? You embezzled money from the Nagus? Father would be proud. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I still don't see how this is going to help my business, Chief. At least people order bacon and eggs. In all the years I've been here, no one has ever come in and asked to see the dart board. I just don't see the appeal of this game. No lasers, no holograms, just steel tips and feathers. Now what if one of those darts had gotten into his eye? Do you realise I'd be liable for that? Do you know how much money an eye costs? The Klingons just destroyed two of my holosuites. I need a maintenance crew immediately. Did you ever said no to a Klingon? Besides, they're paying me double. (Quark goes back inside and O'Brien 2 sees O'Brien 1 across the way.) [Quark's] (The dart hits the bullseye and O'Brien collapses) Chief? Chief! [Infirmary] Chief O'Brien. The Klingons just destroyed two of my holosuites. I need a maintenance crew immediately. I think my holosuites can wait. It looks like you have bigger problems. [Commander's office] I didn't. They were in the holosuites. Besides, now they're paying me triple. (The Klingons go over to a table where the Romulan security are sitting.) (bringing drinks) Here you are, gentlemen. And how is DS Nine's most famous fortune teller? Just a figure of speech. On the other hand, if you should find yourself in the future again and you find yourself passing by the dabo table, would it really hurt to take a look at the numbers coming up on the wheel? I could make it worth your while. Just a thought. I really have nothing else to say. About what part? Well, at least I'm consistent. (Sisko, Kira, Odo and Security enter) Thank you. (Quark leaves.) Dabo? Wait! Chief, wait! <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Excuse me, Doctor. Er, my friend Altovar here is looking to purchase a small quantity of er, biomemetic gel. And I was wondering if you might be able to tell him where he can find, let's say, a few hundred millilitres. I thought so. You see, I told you. Well, we tried. Thank you, Doctor. I know. I told him that. But he insisted that I ask you anyway. Letheans can be incredibly stubborn. I hope you'll forgive the interruption. You know, we just introduced a new lunch menu at the bar. He's going to kill us. He's going to kill us all. No. Don't you see? If we move, he'll find us. If we stay here, we might be safe. He's here. It's too late. He's found us. We've got to get out. Can I offer you gentlemen a drink? Just goes to show. Give the people what they want, and they'll show up in droves. Now, care to place a wager? You name it. On how much longer you have to live. What organ will fail first. Ultimate cause of death. The house is covering all bets. It's a long shot, but if you want to throw your money away, who am I to stop you? Uh-oh. It looks like all bets are off. (Someone grabs Quark by the throat. Altovar sits up from the table.)
Vole infestations are not uncommon on this station. If you don't believe me, ask Chief O'Brien. We were just counting them to see how many we'd caught. A vole fight? I'm appalled. Do you really think that was what Morn was up to? You can't confiscate Morn's voles. They're like his pets. Poor Morn. This is going to break his hearts. [Ops]
You never mentioned she was beautiful. Morn gave me three to one odds that you'll exchange awkward pleasantries for a few minutes then say goodbye. I'm betting that your charm will take you further. Morn, about that bet. I believe the odds were three to one. [Bajoran ship] (Sisko is repairing something, probably the sextant.)
The place is packed. Where's Nog? You what? He's a disgrace to his family and to Ferengi everywhere. He should be here, helping us earn profit, not in his room, learning how to be more like a human. It's the same thing. Don't you see? That's is how it begins. All it takes is for one impressionable youngster to join Starfleet, and the next thing you know, a whole generation of Ferengi will be quoting the Prime Directive and abandoning the pursuit of latinum. It's the end of Ferengi civilisation as we know it and it's all your fault. That's me. What can I do for you? (stunned) A Writ of Accountability. Down to the last slip of latinum. I would never dream of trying to hide anything from the FCA. Could I look over those figures again? Wait a minute. That can't be right. Rom, you forgot to include the profit figures for the tulaberry wine franchise. Go get them. Now. You'll have to excuse Rom. He means well, but he can be a lobeless idiot sometimes. But you haven't even told me what I'm being charged with. Oh. How rude of me. (hands over a slip) For your trouble. Subsection one thousand twenty seven, paragraph three? I'm not sure I'm familiar with that one. Which you just happen to have. (Quark buys one.) Subsection one thousand twenty seven, paragraph three. Improper supervision of a family member? Ishka? You mean our mother. What's she done? (Another payment.) Odo, I'm holding you personally responsible for the safety of my bar and my personal possessions for as long as I'm off the station. And make sure my thieving brother doesn't touch anything. Back to the homeworld to take care of some business. How'd you know? I won't be gone long. All I've got to do is get my mother to confess to her crimes and I'll be on the next transport back to the station. It doesn't matter. The important thing is I'm required by law to get her to admit her wrongdoing, make reparations and reveal her accomplices. And that's what I'm going to do. Well, she'd better. I have no intention of spending my latinum to make restitution for her crimes. I will wring that confession out of her if I have to. Don't remind me. [Ops] No, you're not. What did I tell you about contradicting me? That's right. So you're going to stay here and watch over the bar while I'm gone. You want a reason? I'll give you a reason. I don't want you to. And you know why? Because you'll just take her side. Yes, I mean Moogie. Stop calling her by that infantile nickname. Well, I don't. You see? You always take her side. All right. Fine. Come if you want. Just remember one thing. This is between Moogie, I mean Mother, and me. So if you know what's good for you, you'll stay out of the way. [Ishka's house] (Thunder, lightning, a downpour. Quark, Brunt and Rom duck into the curved entrance hall and then the main room.) Welcome to our home. (Brunt hands over a slip of latinum, which Quark finally remembers to put in a money box by the door.) Please place your imprint on the legal waivers and deposit your admission fee in the box by the door. Remember, my house is my house. Now that you mention it, no. And if I had my way, I would have been gone another twenty. All I had was a cheap wooden chewstick. Three days? Is that all? Mother, get undressed this instant. No, no, no, not at all. Wait. I'm sure there's an explanation. Now, see what you've done? He's not the only one who's upset. Not that anyone cares how I feel. Then imprint this and take off those clothes. Yes you are. You're going to make a full confession, so that I can go back to my bar and pretend none of this has ever happened. Yeah. [Promenade] (Outside Quark's, where O'Brien is picking the lock.) What are you doing? That's mother's job. Not feeling well? Wait a minute, that's not bad. We could say she's having emotional problems. We might even be able to get the FCA to drop the charges in light of her illness. That's hardly an excuse not to serve her sons dinner. Look at this. She hasn't even softened these grubs for us. Not even when we were children. Remember how the other children used to tease us about her. Your mother won't chew your food. Your mother talks to strangers. It's like she went out of her way to embarrass us. Not to mention Father. Oh, I remember. There were nights when I would find him sitting, slumped in this chair. He'd say to me, 'Quark, I don't know what I'm going to do about that female.' No wonder he never earned much profit. He was too busy worrying about her. He could've done a lot better if she'd just behaved herself, showed him the respect he deserved. Well, she may have dragged Father down, but she's not doing the same to me. It's time someone put her in her place. (Ishka enters) Mother, we need to talk. Why not? Imprinting the confession doesn't take away your achievement. Just admit to what you did and tell the FCA the name of any male who might have helped you. Never mind what she did. All right. She took a part of the monthly stipend I send her and invested it in a Hupyrian beetle farm. It doesn't matter whether it's one slip or a hundred thousand bars. Females are not allowed to earn profit. Because it's the law. And without law, society would descend into chaos. Not if I have anything to say about it. Mother, I know you're not like other females. You like to think about things. You have opinions. It's a fact. But what's also a fact is, if you don't imprint this confession, you'll be sold into indentured servitude, and I'll be forced to make restitution. And I'm not going to let those three bars to destroy this family. If our disgrace is made known, do you think we could ever do business with another Ferengi again? I wouldn't do business with me. Mother, please, for our family's reputation, for your sons' financial future, please imprint the confession. I understand perfectly. You're a selfish female who never cared about this family, about Father, or about me. [Ishka's bedroom] Mother's been busy. I mean she's been busy. I've been doing some checking. This isn't about three bars of latinum. A lot more. So much that I haven't been able to track it all down. She's been operating under dozens of different aliases, conducting transactions all over the Ferengi Alliance. Do you know what this means? Even if I sold everything I have, I couldn't come close to paying back what she's earned. I'm ruined. (Later, Quark is sitting, staring straight ahead, when Rom brings him a drink.) I already have. I'm going to kill her. A-ha. Caught you. Give me that. That PADD you just hid. A likely story. (Rom enters.) I knew it. You were trying to hide more profits. Well, it won't work. I know all about your little financial empire. Then you admit it? You're a female. You expect me to believe you did all this on your own? You had help. Admit it. Tell me his name. I'll see to it the FCA hangs him by his lobes in the Sacred Marketplace. Me? Jealous of you? Hah. Why would Father be jealous of you? What other reason did he need? Females don't belong in business. Because it's wrong. No, I'm not. It's the law. That was good enough for Father, and it's good enough for me. That does it. To the FCA. Let's see what they have to say about your financial empire. [Ishka's house] Out of my way, Rom. She's no mother of mine. How dare you take her side against Father's? Take that back. Take that back! That's the steepest forty flights of stairs I've ever climbed. Seven slips of latinum to use the elevator. Talk about inflation. (reads wall monitor) Refined dilithium down ten percent? (He goes over to the receptionist.) The name's Quark. I'm here to see Liquidator Brunt. (The receptionist taps the money box.) Of course. (Money in the slot) How much? I'll stand. I'll give you two for the chair. Tell Brunt I need to talk to him now. I have information that could shake the very foundation of the Ferengi Alliance. (Rom enters, gasping) Yeah, yeah. Here. Now what do you want? There's nothing she could say that would interest me. What was that? Tell Brunt I'll talk to him later. Come on. Let's try out that elevator. I can afford it. (gives the receptionist a slip) For your trouble. [Ishka's house] Mother, I want to apologise for all the terrible things I said. I was angry, and I got carried away. I'm sorry. It would've been a shame to waste all of that profit. So, how much latinum have you made? I just want to make sure that everything is divided fairly. Fifty-fifty. Just like you said. I said no such thing. There's nothing to say. That's easy for you to say. He doesn't live next door to you. I had to be. You were always too easy on him. Maybe if you'd pushed him a little harder, he would've amounted to something. You enjoy insulting Father, don't you? I never knew you felt like that. You did. Rom knows them just as well as I do. You mean that? You'll imprint the confession? You don't know how much this means to me. Oh, Moogie. I love you. [Replimat] (The last two customers are still talking.) She's speaking to me. Now, what were you saying about a lesson? I think she's certainly learned that. Oh, I don't think anyone has to know about this. After all, what would people say if they knew a female had earned that much latinum? The feeling is mutual. (Brunt leaves with a small pouch of money.) Mother, must you? You're absolutely right. If you want to wear clothes, go ahead. What do I care? I'm leaving anyway. I have to reopen the bar. It's supporting all of us now. I will. I promise. Let's go, Rom.
Thank you. Thank you all for your gaming business. The House will start taking bets on the next challenger at ten to one. That's ten to one without even knowing who the next challenger will be. No problem. Ladies and gentlemen, Chief of Operations Miles Edward O'Brien has to leave to resume his duties on board the station. Now, everyone, make way. I trust we'll be seeing you again tomorrow, Chief, for your forty seventh straight victory? The holosuites? You weren't thinking of going kayaking by any chance? Didn't I tell you? I misplaced the kayaking programme. Haven't seen it in days. All right, look. You're on a streak. An epic streak. If you go kayaking tomorrow and something happens and you damage that golden shoulder, this streak will be over and you'll never know just how far it might have taken you. Could you really live with that? That's right. Yes! [Shakaar's house] (Later that evening, after the meal) Did I miss anything? Extra-stout, just the way you like it. There you go. (O'Brien reaches behind himself and..) What is it? What did I do? I just handed him a drink. Forfeit? All I did was hand him a drink. [Winn's office] Doctor. Welcome to the zone. Let me tell you about a little thing I've [Kira's quarters]
In the meantime, you make a lousy stock boy. Why can't you take after your friend here? He knows enough to stay out of Starfleet. Even a human can see that there are a lot more profitable opportunities out there for a young man with ambition. On the contrary. Writing holosuite programmes, especially the more intimate variety, is very profitable. I'll tell you what. The two of you come up with a proposal, and I'll put up the latinum for your first programme. All right, fine. Join Starfleet. I don't know why I bother trying to help you, anyway. Go down to the storeroom and get your father. Tell him to get behind the bar. Lieutenant Dax has asked me to join the senior staff for a very important meeting in the wardroom. [Corridor] Zhian'tara? What's that? You're asking me to hand my body over to some dead person? What happens to me in the meantime? Joran? Was he the crazy host of yours? The musician who killed someone? Why is everybody looking at me? I'm sorry, Lieutenant. You're going to have to find someone else. (Dax resorts to lobe stroking.) Well. When you put it that way. How much longer am I going to have to do this? Just remember, not a word about this to anyone. Will you stop that. It's very distracting. I'm trying to do the books. Well, pacing around like some Alvanian cave sloth isn't going to help him. (Rom takes a box from under the bar and checks the contents.) What's that? Well you wasted your money. He's not going to need it. Because he'll be issued a uniform if and when he gets to the Academy. Odo? What happened to your face? Right away. He's right, you know. And it's not fair. Starfleet has no idea who it's passing up. Nog, you would have made a good officer. I want you to know something. There will always be a place for you here, at Quark's. Excuse me, folks, but the bar has been closed for over an hour now. I asked you nicely before, but if you don't leave, I'm going to have to call security. Take it easy. What's wrong with you? I did it for his own good, Rom. I couldn't just stand by and watch my nephew throw his life away. You what? You wouldn't dare. What can I get you, Nog? A root beer. This is the end of Ferengi civilization. [Quark's cafe]
This calls for a toast. Chateau Cleon, twenty three oh three. I already put it on your account.
Excuse me. If you're done scaring my customers away, I'd like to open the bar. Thank you. Constable, it just occurred to me that if I knew in advance how just long it'll take them for to catch you during the next drill? Well, let's just say you and I could share a substantial profit. (Odo stalks off) Think about it. (Quark leaves) Listen, do you hear that? Exactly. The ambient noise level in this room is less than thirty decibels. On an average day it's sixty five. When there're Klingons in the room, it can go as high as eighty-five. Too quiet. Something is terribly wrong. I don't know. But have you ever met a quiet Klingon before? Look how they're watching the room. It's like they're picking out targets. Where are you going? Don't do that. I don't want them to know we're on to them. What are you two doing? I'm telling you, the Klingons are up to something. They might be your allies, but they're not mine. Yeah. But will he tell me? [Wardroom] Just what the station needs. Another Klingon. [Captain's office] Let me guess. Klingon bloodwine. Prune juice? (gets a Look.) If you say so. Do you hear that, Chief? Seventy two decibels. Music to my ears. You want quiet, go to the Replimat. This is Quark's the way Quark's should be. The way it was meant to be. Am I glad we finally got rid of all those Klingons. Present company excepted, of course. (Worf leaves.) What do I care? All he ever drinks is prune juice. [Captain's office] Help yourself. It's on the house. I'm in an uncharacteristic mood. Besides, I've got eighty cases of this stuff sitting in my stockroom. And the way things are going, I'll never unload another bottle unless it's to you. I should've listened to my cousin Gaila. He said to me, Quark, I've got one word for you. Weapons. No one ever went broke selling weapons. But did I take his advice? No. And why not? Because I'm a people person. I like interacting with my customers. Like you and I are doing right now. Talking to each other, getting to know one another But when you're dealing in weapons, buyers aren't interested in casual conversation. They just want their merchandise, no questions asked. It's so impersonal. Exactly. So now Gaila owns his own moon, and I'm staring into the abyss. And the worst part is, my only hope for salvation is the Federation. I want you to try something for me. (He pours a glass of foamy brown stuff.) Take a sip of this. A human drink. It's called root beer. Come on. Aren't you just a little bit curious? (Garak sips) What do you think? I know. It's so bubbly and cloying and happy. But you know what's really frightening? If you drink enough of it, you begin to like it. Just like the Federation. I hope so. [Ops] Now what? The Klingons! First it was the Cardassians, then it was the Dominion, and now it's the Klingons. How's a Ferengi supposed to make an honest living in a place like this? [Bridge] I'm not going to any emergency shelter. This is my bar and I'm going to defend it. With this. No, this is my disruptor pistol. The one I used to carry in the old days when I was serving on that Ferengi freighter. That's right, and every member of that crew thought he was a food critic. If the Klingons try to get through these doors, I'll be ready for them. (Quark opens the box. There's a note inside which Odo takes and reads.) I will kill him.
That is the worst mugshot I've ever seen. I've never understood why law enforcement agencies don't keep better visual records. You'd think they'd be concerned about little things like making an accurate identification. Really? Well, everyone is welcome at Quark's. I don't discriminate. Just like Starfleet. They have a non-discrimination policy too, don't they, Commander? I guess we have something in common. Major. Always a delight to see you here. What can I get for you? Come in. Do you have it? Of course. (Quark examines the contents of a small pouch with an eye piece. Worf leaves.) [Security office] I've been saving this for a special occasion. Tonight certainly qualifies. How did you manage to get these out of the Tallonian system? A hundred percent pure. I don't know if I'd go that far. (Quark puts a bag of latinum on the table. Then Worf walks in on them.) What's he doing here? (Worf drops the bag as it morphs into Odo.) If you gentlemen are finished with this little fiasco, I'd like to tidy up.
Nog, get down to the storeroom and bring up five kegs of Takarian mead. You know, Nog, things seem to be slowing down a bit. I'll get someone else to bring up those kegs. You and Jake go and have some fun. Go, now, before I change my mind. [Corridor]
Captain, I would think long and hard before answering. Well maybe you should. I mean, who knows more about women than me? You humans. All you want to do is please your women. You want them to be your friends. But we Ferengi know better. Women are the enemy and we treat them accordingly. The key is to never let them get the upper hand. If she says she doesn't see you enough, threaten to see her even less. If she wants more gifts, take back the ones you've already given her. It's all about control. That's what holosuites are for. (Quark leaves)
It's a trick. She probably beamed the egg directly into her mouth from one of the transporters. She swallowed the egg before she came into the bar and then regurgitated it on cue. Quite disgusting, actually. What? So let me get this straight. Dax's first host was named Lela. Right? Then Lela dies and the Dax symbiont goes on to a man named Tobin. And after Tobin dies, then it's on to Emony, then Torias, Audrid Sorry. Audrid, Torias, Joran, Curzon and then eventually Jadzia. And this Doctor Lenara Kahn person was once married to? I knew it couldn't be that simple. And now Nilani is Lenara, and Torias is Jadzia. So that makes Lenara Jadzia's ex-wife. I'm sure it is. But to be honest, I'm sorry I brought the whole thing up. It's giving me a headache. (to a waiter staring in his ear) Get back to work. If you'll excuse me. (Quark leaves)
And we're glad to be of service. I'm happy to say that not a single Ferengi vessel has been stopped by the Jem'Hadar. You never know where they might be hiding. Hardworking people. You have to feel for them. Good news, Minister. I think I've found the problem. I made the mistake of letting my brother Rom execute these contracts. Yes. I'm ashamed to say it, but he's an idiot. You see, the Federation and the Karemma have very different laws governing commerce, and I think poor Rom must've gotten confused by all the legalisms. Now, I will be more than willing to make up any losses you might have encountered. In fact, I will pay them back with interest. We're gaining altitude. I've got the lobes. You've got them, too. It's an old Ferengi expression. Usually when we say that someone has the lobes, we mean that they have a keen business sense. That's you. I'll admit it. You fooled me. I thought you were just another easy mark. But you saw right through my little scam, and taught me a thing or two about doing business in the Gamma Quadrant. I guess I've gotten lazy. I'm used to dealing with the Federation. If you thought I was cheating you, oh, you have no idea what I was doing to them and they still haven't caught on. If someone like me can put one over on them, think what someone like you could do. Exactly. And I'm just the man to help you do it. we could become rich, rich beyond our dreams. I hate the Gamma Quadrant. [Bridge] You're taking this too personally. Okay, I cheated you. I cheat everyone. It's business. You see what you can get away with, and you've got to figure the other guy's doing the same to you. Oh, come on. You can't tell me you never padded an inventory, or pawned off a load of substandard merchandise. You make it sound so antiseptic. Where's the bargaining, where's the scheming, where's the greed? If there's no risk, there's no thrill. Your way is just barter. If you want to win big, you've got to be willing to play the odds. It's like gambling. And go where? If that thing explodes, the entire ship will be destroyed. No. Maybe we should try and defuse it. All right, but what if no one can get to us? (There's a throbbing noise from the torpedo.) I don't like the sound of that. It's up to us. There must be an emergency tool kit around here somewhere. (It's on the wall. Hanok gets it.) The arming mechanism must be somewhere in here. I'm going to have to remove this casing. There's no lock that can't be picked. [Engine room] Gently. (They get a panel off the torpedo.) All right. Now what? How do you know that? Where? I thought you said you never sold substandard merchandise. This was supposed to explode on impact, wasn't it? We'd better do something about this torpedo of yours. And if we pick the wrong one we die. It's not funny. We just have to pick the right one. It's fifty-fifty, better odds than you get at the dabo table. Yes, it's a game. If we get out of this, I'll teach it to you. Choose one. It's a gamble. Go with your instinct. (Hanok hesitates.) You're thinking too much. You just have to reach in and pick one. (So saying, Quark does. The hum stops and the glow fades.) I think we have a winner. Feels good, doesn't it? That's how it works. The bigger the risk, the bigger the win. You know, there's another risk you could take. Staying in business with me. No. I tried to cheat you, and I lost, but that doesn't mean I'm going to give up the game. Come on, Hanok. What do you say? You want to keep playing? It's going to be a levy. A levy. Right here. Put the levy right here. [Quark's] (At the dabo table.) Oh! Pass five. Too bad. You lose half your stake. You can either quit now, or try to double it. Exactly. May I suggest placing your next wager on double down. I think that's a big mistake. Of course not. You're really catching on. (Odo moves on past the bar, where Morn is boring Bashir rigid.)
Rom. I'm not here for the sale. Nog has no business going to Starfleet Academy and I'm not doing anything to encourage him. Now, come with me. It's over as far as you're concerned. The ship. It's here. The ship. Our ship. My ship. The shuttle cousin Gaila owed me. Ever since I loaned him the latinum to start up his munitions consortium. He always said that if he became a success, he'd buy me my own ship. Now it's here. Because knowing our cousin, it's probably defective merchandise. What a wonderful idea. Now get going. (Quark snatches the pajamas from Rom.) And leave the clothes here. [Ferengi shuttle] All right. Tel1 me what's wrong with it. You mean it'll actually fly? You don't say? And it's all mine. I can go any place I want. Don't get your hopes up. The first thing we need to do is take this thing for a test flight. Someplace reasonably far away, but safe. Someplace like Exactly. If the boy wants to go to Starfleet Academy, he might as well do it in style. Not to mention profitable. All I ask is a tall ship and a load of contraband to fill her with. [Quark's] (Morn is being briefed on how to run the bar.) Here are the codes to operate the holosuites. Now remember, don't extend any lines of credit, don't touch the dabo girls, and make sure you keep your eyes on him. (points at Odo) Because he'll be keeping his eyes on you. Better him than one of my Ferengi waiters. They'd rob me blind. I'm a generous person. Try not to miss me too much while I'm gone. Yeah. [Promenade - upper level] (Leaning on the railing) They're a primitive, backward people, Nog. Pity them. Five thousand, ten thousand, what's the difference? The speed of technological advancement isn't nearly as important as short-term quarterly gains. Can't this thing go any faster? Push it another tenth. This trip is taking long enough as it is. What are you talking about? What tipped you off? When did you get so smart? How much? I suppose you'll want a cut too? It's a deal. I thought I told you to go faster. Take her out of warp. All humans look alike. thought I told you to take us out of warp. Cousin Gaila. Okay, okay. No need to panic. So the warp drive won't shut down. What's the worst thing that could happen? There must be something we can do? Then we'll have to try something else, won't we? Rom, you're a genius! How should I know? I have no idea what you're talking about. Just do it. Rom? Nog? [Observation room] (On the other side of a one way mirror, a man in uniform lights a cigarette then picks up a proper telephone.) Pip im gren tovat. Yop bree gren skin law po far. It's locked. What is this place? Where are we? Well we must be on Earth. But where? (The speculum and specimen tray give him no clue.) My ship. Where's my ship? Hey! Is anybody out there? What did you do with my ship? I want my ship back. [Observation room] (Quark is banging on the door) Goss uff wok ton. Goss uff wok ton. I knew Earth was a bad idea. Ferengis and humans have no business being together. But you had to go to Starfleet Academy. And you were the one who said it was safe. What are you talking about? Oh, don't be ridiculous. The Divine Treasury is made of pure latinum. Besides, where's the Blessed Exchequer? Where are the Celestial Auctioneers? And why aren't we bidding for our new lives? Don't be ridiculous. The bar was showing a profit. (Enter two MPs followed by Wainwright, Nurse Garland and Professor Carlson.) Did you understand a word of that? What are they doing? They're just mimicking us. (Quark walks forward and tweaks his nose. Wainwright copies him. Brik yop tal hopdrew, ki los hoem bog? I'd always heard primitive humans lacked intelligence but I had no idea they were this stupid. The three of us and millions of primitive humans. I like those odds. (And later, Quark is sitting on one of the examination tables while Nurse Garland takes his blood pressure.) Gran fat ari oo-mox? Ya ta fa. Gren fa hoe loth pex pil. What kind of interference? Don't be an idiot. Nuclear fission doesn't happen within planetary atmospheres. They irradiated their own planet? You'd better fix those translators fast. The sooner we start talking to these savages, the better off we'll be. (Nurse Garland is replacing one of her hairpins.) What is that disgusting smell? If it's so deadly, then why do they use it? They buy it? If they'll buy poison, they'll buy anything. I think I'm going to like it here. Perish the thought. Wouldn't that be a shame. Rom, hurry up with those translators. [Outside the building] (The men are having a smoke and looking at photographs of the shuttle.) My name is Quark, Chief Financial Officer of the Ferengi Alliance. And I've got a business proposition for you. [Observation room] (Denning is peering into Quark's ear.) Trust me, it's in there. It's simple, if you know how. You'd be surprised at the kind of things you can do with the right technology. Which brings me to why I'm here. I've been sent by my people to open up a market for advanced Ferengi technology. How would you like to travel beyond the stars at speeds you never even dreamt were possible? Or to transport yourselves from one place to another in the blink of an eye? That's only the beginning. We can give you the medical knowledge to cure your deadliest diseases. We have machines that can produce food and clothing out of thin air. Weapons? If you want weapons, I'm the man to see. We can teach you to make phasers, disruptors, photon torpedoes or even quantum torpedoes. A little more expensive, but worth it. That depends. What do you use for currency around here? Latinum? Dilithium? Dollars? Never heard of them. Don't you have any gemstones or precious minerals? Gold? Gold is good. Seeing how we're going to be advancing your culture about four hundred years overnight, I'd say a couple of million bars would be about right as a good faith deposit. Ferengi. Is he a businessman? Then he's nothing like me. I just told you. We're here to open up trade negotiations. If you're not interested, just say so. I'm sure I can do business with one of your planet's other nation states. I'd rather it didn't come to that. To be honest, I'd much rather work with you Australians. Whatever. But if you won't do business with me, and the Russians will, who am I to say no? I can wait. (coughs on the cigar smoke) In the meantime, let me give you some free advice, just to show I'm on your side. You people should take better care of yourselves. Stop poisoning your bodies with tobacco and atom bombs. Sooner or later, that kind of stuff will kill you. My people have been watching your world for years. We know all about you. Baseball, root beer, darts, atom bombs. It's quite a fascinating culture you humans have here. And with a little Ferengi technology, it could be even better. Now, why don't you go talk to that president of yours? [Examination room] (Night time. Carlson and Garland are there, with the alsatian lying on a table.) There's something about that female that I don't like. She's so cheerful. Don't worry. Everything's under control. (The alsasian barks) Oh. They forgot to take that thing with them. (The alsatian comes over to Quark and jumps up at him.) Get away from me. (The dog morphs into) Odo? What are you doing here? We're not going anywhere. We're staying right here. Who cares about the bar? I'm telling you, Rom, we stay here and inside a year, we'll be running this place. I mean the whole planet. Harumph all you want. But these humans, they're nothing like the ones from the Federation. They're crude, gullible and greedy. Yeah. These are humans I can understand and manipulate. Forget this timeline. The one we're going to create will be better. Once we get things in order here, we'll contact the Ferengi homeworld and sell them our ship. The Ferengi will have warp drive technology centuries before humans or Klingons or even the Vulcans. We'll establish an economic empire beyond even Grand Nagus Zek's wildest dreams. And I'll control it all. I'm not going back, and neither is my ship. This is the opportunity of a lifetime. The riskier the road, the greater the profit. No. If there's any biting to be done, we're the one's who are going to do it. (MPs burst in and put bags over their heads) [Interrogation room] Get this off me! Get this off me! I can't breathe! (Quark's bag is removed.) This is an outrage. I demand to see General Denning. If I don't get satisfaction, I'm taking my business to the Russians. Would you please stop doing that? Then stop sticking me with those needles! Nog, what are you talking about? It's not true. I'm telling you, this is crazy. Nog, tell him the truth. We're helpless. We're harmless. We just want to sell you things. We're all grateful, but couldn't you have done that an hour ago? Why should they? We forced them to help us by using our er That's not bad. Stay back, or I'll disintegrate this hostage. With my death ray. My hero. Save your breath. It's much too complicated for them to grasp. Thanks for your help. You may be humans, but you're okay by me. Don't pay any attention to him. He's an idiot. Trust me, the galaxy is a pretty rough place. You people are much better off staying right here on Earth. I don't remember inviting you on this trip. I don't like this. What year is this? Answer them, answer them! Just remember. Under that placid Federation veneer, humans are still a bunch of violent savages. The bar? I could've ruled the galaxy, but now I have nothing. I don't even have my ship anymore. Wait 'til I get my hands on Cousin Gaila. What are you doing? But you have no evidence. We used all the rest of the kemacite to get back to the twenty fourth century. I'm innocent, I tell you. This is all a misunderstanding. Rom, get me a lawyer Rom, you idiot!
You know what I like about Klingon stories, Commander? Nothing. Lots of people die and nobody makes any profit.
I'm barely breaking even on the holosuites as it is. If I had to buy new equipment every time there was a glitch. Everywhere else. Their brain patterns are so large that they're taking up every bit of computer memory on the station. Replicator memory, weapons, life supports. Don't everyone thank me at once.
So then, the Andorian says 'That's not my antenna.' (Morn does not laugh) Why do I bother? What can I do for you, Constable? She's not here. Is there anything else I can do for you? Planned what? Is that what this is all about? Someone moved your furniture? And is that a bad thing? I'd hardly call three centimetres chaos. When you see Dax, say hello to her for me. [Ops] So, what can I get you two flyboys. All right, all right. I'd hate to let the Jerries strafe that green and pleasant land of yours while the two of you were taking time out to get a drink. Ah! Ah! Ah! Now remember what I said about throwing glasses. Aren't you taking Clive's death a little seriously? After all, he was just a holosuite character. I know exactly what you mean. When the Great Monetary Collapse hit Ferenginar, I was hundreds of light years away, serving as a ship's cook on a long haul freighter. I can't tell you the heartbreak I suffered, knowing that rampant inflation and currency devaluation were burning like wildfires through the lush financial landscapes of my home. It still depresses me even today. I remember thinking my accounts needed me, and there was nothing I could do. I felt so, so helpless. So you see, I do understand. Humans. All you care about is yourselves.
I know you're in there. I heard you. [Corridor]
As if you're never late. Well, I haven't seen him since this morning. And if he can't at least be civil, I don't care to see him in my bar again. No, this was more than his standard rudeness. He came in here, ordered some Klingon incense and nearly threw me across the bar when I tried to give him some replicated incense. Something called adanji. Why? Is there something special about adanji? (Dax walks away) That's it. I'm going to stop talking to the customers. [Worf's quarters] (The ceremony is in full swing. Worf lifts the mug of burning incense.)
I know exactly how you feel. The Bajoran Time of Cleansing. Could someone explain to me why the Bajorans need to abstain from worldly pleasures for an entire month? I mean, it's not like they're a bunch of hedonistic holosuite-obsessed drunkards to begin with. (Rom groans) No use moaning about it. Who's that for? Your ear? Again? (Rom pours the liquid into his ear.) That's disgusting! You want to drive away all the rest of my customers? What else is new? Go wait on table seven. I don't pay you to think. I pay you to spin the dabo wheel. So get spinning. How can they when you're not at the wheel? Just because you happen to be intimately acquainted with Doctor Bashir's bedside manner doesn't make you a medical expert. If you don't get back to work this instant, you're going to have more time off than you know what to do with. The same goes for you. Here. Of course I'm going to do something. I'm going to dock his pay. Broik, clean up this mess. [Infirmary] (Bashir is using a light-emitting gizmo on the cavern which is the Ferengi ear.) All right, everyone. Gather around. I have an announcement to make. I've just been going over today's receipts and it's not good. The only thing this Bajoran Cleansing Ritual has cleansed is my profit margin. So, starting tomorrow, everyone's salary gets cut by a third. It was either that or fire half the staff. Don't bother thanking me. It's either a pay cut or a layoff. You decide. All right everyone, get back to work. I want this place cleaned up and the lights off in ten minutes. Actually, I can. And I have. Now why don't you concentrate on keeping your hands off your lobes and leave the business matters to me. That depends on next quarter's fiscal summation. Anything for you. (thinks) There. I've reconsidered it. My decision stands. Don't brother me. In this bar you're not my brother. You're my employee. And employees have no right to question the management's decisions. The only thing I regret is not being an only child. [Corridor] (Dax and Worf are in their exercise clothes.) (passing the shrine) Happy Cleansing. [Quark's] (The staff are gathered to greet him.) If this is a surprise birthday party, you're a month late. The Guild of Restaurant and Casino Employees? What's that supposed to be? It's sounds like, like a union. Increased pay. Shorter hours. Paid sick leave. (laughs) Yes, it is. And the fact that you don't know that is what makes it so funny. Now get back to work before I fire the lot of you. Why not? May I take you're order, sir? There seems to be an opening at the dabo table. Or perhaps I might interest you in some time in the holosuites? (Quark vanishes and the tray hangs for a moment then drops with a crash.) Not again. (There's another Quark with a Pakled at the dabo table too. A Quark comes downstairs.) Are you carrying a tricorder or anything with a portable energy source? I'm still working out the bugs in these holographic waiters. The Lissepian who sold me the programme neglected to mention that certain energy sources can interfere with the imaging system. I can take care of the Lissepian. I need you to get those traitors away from my front door. They're blocking access to my place of business, causing a disturbance on the Promenade, and they're probably a fire hazard. They belong in a holding cell, every last one of them. Good. Then you'll haul them away. But you said In that case, would you mind serving some drinks? (A Quark walks past with a tray. Odo huffs and leaves.) I didn't think so. (There's another crash) [Promenade - upper level] (Across the way from Quark's upper cafe entrance, two boys are playing a game.) Captain, believe me, I want this strike settled as much as you do. It's not that simple. Captain, I'm afraid you don't understand what a delicate situation this is. Even talking with strikers would be a violation of the most sacred precepts of Ferengi culture. The Federation. And I couldn't ask for better landlords. You're a very generous people. A lot. I'll talk to my brother. Here. (Quark hands Rom a PADD) It's the amount of latinum I'm willing to transfer into your private account if you'll just end this strike. Slips. All right, strips. Rom, we shouldn't be fighting. We're brothers. I was wrong. Rom, can't we talk about this? What's happened to you? [Quark's] (Quark unlocks the main door and enters.) Brunt. Who could forget. What do you want? How do you propose to do that? Psst! Rom! There's no accounting for taste. Rom, we have to talk. Of course not. There's plenty to talk about. The FCA's involved now, and those Nausicaans working for Brunt aren't just for show. Don't you see, Rom? You should be intimidated. There's no telling what Brunt might do, and I don't want you to get hurt. I always cared about you. I tried to protect you, save you from yourself. I had to be tough on you. I was trying to make you a better Ferengi. Rom! You have to listen to me! The FCA doesn't have to answer to anyone, and if Brunt decides to get rid of you I won't be able to stop him. Doesn't that hurt? We talked. I need more time. Look, you're here to help me, right? What kind of example? I don't want my brother hurt. Leeta? But she's not even Ferengi. Me? But I'm on your side. I thought I wasn't allowed to have any visitors. It's nothing to smile about. Those Nausicaans shattered my left eye socket, broke two of my ascending ribs and punctured my lower lung. If Odo hadn't come along when he did. Of course it hurts. If you're going to stand there and gloat, you can leave right now. Don't you get it? This was a message for you. I wish Brunt had known that. It's an open and shut case all right, but I'm not going to press charges. Of course not. I'm in enough trouble with the FCA as it is. Either way, the FCA will just send another Liquidator. And that one will make an example of you. I don't want to gloat. I want to end the strike. Rom, I can't. I'm not going against ten thousand years of Ferengi tradition. Of course I'm afraid of the FCA. They crushed my eye socket. And if you had any sense, you'd be afraid of them too. If this strike doesn't get settled soon, we're both going to find ourselves tossed out of the nearest airlock. You have to dissolve the union. (idea) At least officially. I mean, I mean you dissolve the union, make it look like I've won, and I'll give you everything you want. That's what I just said, you idiot. Even sick leave. And six months from now, when the FCA isn't watching my books so closely, you'll get your raises. It's the best I can do. Shush! All right, you'll get your raises by the end of the week. But the union dies here. Today. And that's my final offer. [Worf's cabin] (Worf takes the mattress off a Defiant bunk bed) Come in. Come in. Welcome back. You're in a good mood. Major. I must say, you are looking particularly cleansed today. No wonder I missed you. (Rom enters in Bajoran workers overalls) Ah, Rom, there you are. Why aren't you in your waiter's uniform? You know there's no drinking on the job. You're not a customer. You're an employee. You're quitting? I gave you everything you wanted. I don't. But without me looking after you I suppose you will. I'll miss you. Coming up. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I thought your females carried your young. Congratulations. I remember when my nephew Nog was a baby. Cutest thing you ever saw. You know babies. Every little thing they pick up goes straight into their ears. I used to love reading to him. You know, See Brak acquire. Acquire, Brak, acquire. (Quark hands over a mug of ale.) Did you hear? Keiko's going to have another baby. You're late. It's Thursday. I've got your usual holosuite reserved. What about you, Doctor? The Battle of Britain awaits. And you know my policy on cancellations. No refunds.
No, wait. It wasn't Etheria. It was Glidia. Or was it Midia? No, no, no. It was Ralidia and she was with Morn. And he was the one who turned to her and said [Wardroom] Oh, right. Well, as I said, I was cleaning up and I saw Mister Worf come in. [Quark's] No, he comes in here all the time. But he was in a good mood. Well, he's a Klingon, and you people are rarely in what I would call good moods. Not that you're anything but a pleasant, charming race. He came in, he ordered a drink, prune juice, I believe, and we started to talk. I'd heard about the convoy mission so I asked him about it and he said he was going to be commanding the Defiant. Hard to say. He's a very private man. He doesn't share a lot with his bartender. No. Not excited, exactly. I just remember asking him. What happens if the Klingons go after the convoy? And then he got this funny look on his face. He put down his prune juice, looked me right in the eyes, and then he said.
That's one Black Hole straight up, right? Be right with you, Chief. (Quark mixes the Black Hole.) Just another minute. Look, Chief, I'm a little busy right now. (O'Brien grabs Quark's wrist and twists it back.) Chief, just because your life's in shambles right now. Ow! One synthale coming right up. (O'Brien lets him go. Quark pours him the drink and O'Brien heads for a table in a quiet corner.)
A little? There isn't a day goes by that I don't see him standing here, pining away for that no-good nephew of mine. No, just four or five times a week. If you ask me, Nog should never have gone off to the Academy. You lost a friend, and I lost a good waiter. Remember that the next time you try to play dom-jot by yourself. Poor kid. I suppose that's what you get for having friends. Just that when you think you can count on them, they go off and leave you. No. You're much better off without them. Look who's talking. [Sisko's quarters]
Look at them. You'd think somebody died. I don't know if it's because she's Betazoid or what, but her mood is contagious. As soon as she walked in here, things started getting quiet. Either cheer her up or get her to leave. Because if you don't, I'm going to throw her out. (Odo goes over to the table with the black cloud over it.) Ladies and gentlemen, please do me the honour of accompanying me to my humble establishment. I'm throwing a party for the happy couple. What can I say? I'm a hopeless romantic. (The witnesses leave.)
Can't you do something about these lapels? I don't know, I'm not a tailor. Just make them look good. Rudeness will get you nowhere. I don't need another waiter. Now, I want more room in the shoulders and these cuffs are completely unacceptable. Sure. You told her. The pants are about a metre too long. So, are you cancelling your date with Ziyal? You're a man, she's a woman, it's a date. And they are my holosuites, after all. That's a little paranoid, wouldn't you say? You do? Unless that's part of the plan. Oh, you know. Kira acts like she doesn't want you to go so you'll feel everything's okay, and then you go anyway. Nah, it's too complicated. Now they're too short. The pants.
Major, you wanted to see me? Come to Quark's, Quark's is fun, come right now, don't walk, run! Oh, I love the part where my name rotates around. It's just a little advertisement. I didn't put one up in Ops. As you can see, we're very busy here. Station business. Er, let me help you with that, Chief. [Runabout] (WHOOSH! Through the wormhole.)
Has anyone seen my brother Rom? He told me he was going to be working in one of the upper pylons today. What a relief. Wait till I find him. I'll kill him for scaring me like that.
Hey! Rom, my brother! (hugs him) I'm glad to see you. Let me pour you a snail juice. I'll make it a tall one and it's on the house. We're celebrating. My return from two weeks on Ferenginar. Didn't you miss me? And I missed you. That's two reasons for celebrating. Enjoy. Just the way you like it? The what? Oh, yeah. Closed it on the first day. Fifteen percent profit margin. Mother's fine. She sends her love. Well, let's see. Closed the deal. Told you that. Did some shopping. Made a pilgrimage to the Great Marketplace. And, er, oh, yes, I found out (shouts) I'm dying! (Stunned silence and open mouths in the bar.) what are you all looking at? Haven't you ever seen a dying man before? I got my results from my annual insurance physical. All the tests came back negative except for one. I have Dorek Syndrome. That's right. Which explains the dying part. It strikes only one out of every five million Ferengi. I finally beat the odds. According to Doctor Orpax, six days, maybe seven. Oh, of course he's sure. He's one of the most expensive doctors on Ferenginar. He charges two strips of latinum just to walk into the waiting room. Bashir? How good can he be? He doesn't even charge. Besides what could a human doctor know about Dorek Syndrome? I have six days to take care of everything. My will, Moogie's pension, I have to make funeral arrangements, pay off my debts. Yeah, but half are to humans, Bajorans, a couple of Klingons. Exactly. But you're right. It's still a lot of debt. Who'd want to buy a disk of desiccated Quark? I'm nobody. Just some bartender with a domineering mother and an idiot brother. I won't get any cheers for that. For a week. If I'm lucky, I'll be a footnote in some Ferengi financial almanac. And as a reward I'm inextricably linked to the Federation. I'm a joke on Ferenginar. Starfleet's favourite bartender. The Synthehol King. What a legacy. Friends? Community? You sound like some sniveling human. The only opinions I care about are those of my peers. Ferengi businessmen. In their eyes, I'm a second-rate, small-time operator. You're a liar. but I love you. What is it? (Rom enters) Come here. I wouldn't say lots. Let me count. One. It's an insultingly low offer. Oh, and it also happens to be exactly the sum total of your life savings. Stop it. I don't want your charity. I knew this was a mistake. Oh, forget the bidding. This has all been a mistake. My life, coming here, putting a bar on this Cardassian monstrosity of a station. What was I thinking? A bid. Five hundred bars of latinum for the entire set. That's one million slips. It doesn't say who the bidder is. No kidding. Nah, she doesn't like me that much. She might buy one disk but all fifty two? No. Who could it be? Who could afford to spend five hundred bars of latinum on me? Grand Nagus Zek. Of course. It makes perfect sense. He always liked me. Don't you see? He used me because he liked me. He couldn't admit that in public, so he made this anonymous bid as a gesture of his appreciation and gratitude. Well, let's not be foolish, Rom. If we wait, the Grand Nagus might just change his mind. Going once, going twice, sold! Yeah. It took me all my life, but I'm going to die a winner. [O'Brien's bedroom] (Keiko is in bed. Kira enters.) That will pay off Moogie, leaving one hundred and ninety six bars to pay off Uncle Gorad and Cousin Gaila. Is that clear? Good. Now on to my funeral arrangements. First, I want I want my eulogy to take place in the holosuite. We'll charge admission, two slips a head. You're right. Make it three. You know what that means, Rom? It means I get to sue Doctor Orpax for malpractice! And I'm going to live. [Quark's bedroom] (Insistent doorbell.) I'm coming. I'm coming. (Doorbell) I'm coming! [Quark's quarters] (Doorbell) Computer, lights. (doorbell, doorbell) Come in already. Don't tell me this is a surprise audit. What are you talking about? You're the anonymous buyer? The Nagus? Of course not. I'm just a little surprised it was you. I guess you haven't heard the news. But then I don't understand. What are you doing here? Maybe I wasn't clear. I'm not dying. Oh, I see. How foolish of me. I forgot to mention that on top of your full refund, you'll also be receiving an additional five bars of latinum for your troubles. Did I say five? I meant ten. You drive a hard bargain. Twelve. That's my final offer. Look, it's late, you've come a long way. Why don't we stop this haggling and you just tell me how much you want. But I'm not going to die just yet! What do you expect me to do? Kill myself? You can't be serious? Is a contract. I know that! But you don't collect on contracts under these circumstances. We're not Klingons. We're businessmen. Why? What have I ever done to you? A bartender? I am not! That's not true. It was just above cost. I can reform. I'll start gouging the customers again. I'll revoke all my employees' vacation time. I didn't give them anything. They contributed to a central fund which I manage. Look, I understand your anger. You're absolutely right about me, but there must be some accommodation we can make? Something other than me killing myself. Me, break a Ferengi contract? Never. I like Ferengi. I feel comfortable around them. They didn't want anything to do with you before you formed the union. [Garak's shop] (Morn is the customer) That's not why I'm here. I want to hire you, not as a tailor, as an assassin. Oh, yes, you do. You weren't always a tailor. Not something. Someone. Would you be quiet? I don't want you to kill Brunt. I want you to kill me. Something swift and painless and preferably bloodless, though I imagine that's not always possible. What are the key words there? You thought. Don't brother me, Rom. I'm not like you or Nog or Moogie or the rest of our pathetic family. I'm a Ferengi businessman and I made a contract. And a contract is a contract is a That's right. My life. What's the most important thing in my life? That's who I am. That's what I do. I'm a businessman. And more than that, I'm a Ferengi businessman. Do you know what that means? It means that I'm not exploiting and cheating people at random. I'm doing it according to a specific set of rules. The Rules of Acquisition. And I won't disregard them when I find them inconvenient. Yes. And when I arrive at the gates of the Divine Treasury, the Registrar will accept my bribe and usher me inside. And do you know why? Because I died exactly the way I lived. As a Ferengi. Garak, let's talk about death. [O'Brien's quarters] Awful. Did you hear that sound of bone snapping? I don't want that to be the last thing I hear. You don't have these ears. Snapping vertebrae is out. It doesn't work. If I know the food is poisoned, I won't eat it. Could you get rid of this? The sight of it makes me sick. I am going to die, don't you worry about that. I just want to find the right way. I don't want to see it coming, or hear it, or feel it, or smell it. I just want to go on with my life and then, I'm dead. Exactly. I want to wake up in the Divine Treasury and have no idea how I got there. Really? Computer? Lights. (And he ducks, just in case.) [Quark's bedroom] Garak, if you're here I'm not going to be surprised! (But he's not, so Quark lies on the bed.) [Divine Treasury waiting room] (And wakes up in a golden room decorated in the height of Ferengi bad taste and then some.) Where am I? (reads the notice over the door) Please have your profit and loss statement ready for inspection before entering the Divine Treasury. I'm dead. Garak, you're good. (Quark checks the place out during the break.) I'm really dead. (The door opens and an ancient Ferengi enters. Quark kneels.) Who are you? You look like, like my brother, Rom. So, I'm not dead. I'm asleep. That explains why this place looks so tacky. I mean, The Divine Treasury? Please. You got to be joking. You're Gint. You wrote the Rules of Acquisition. The sacred precepts upon which all Ferengi society is based. You of all people can't expect me to break them. Are you saying they don't matter? Then why call them Rules? You mean it was a marketing ploy? I've based my entire life around these rules. How can I just walk away from them? But you can't do that. You're not Gint. This is just a dream. I suppose if the First Nagus Gint came to me in a vision and told me to break the Rules, that would be all right. What are you doing here? This is a private vision. I know, I know. But look. Gint himself has come to me in a vision. He's telling me to break the contract. Come on, Rom, Gint, whatever your name is. Help me! I'm alive. [Quark's] (Brunt is chatting up a dabo girl.) I'm returning your five hundred bars of latinum. Plus interest. I know. I'm breaking the contract. Look, I've broken the contract, so do your job. Take my assets, revoke my Ferengi business licence. Do whatever you have to do then get out. And if I ever see you walk into my bar again You won't walk out. Ladies and gentlemen, this bar is closed until further notice. Thank you for your patronage. [O'Brien's quarters] (Keiko is playing with Molly when the doorbell rings.) How am I? I'm broke. Ruined. Destitute. A pariah. How are things with you? Glad to hear it. Including this shirt. I'm supposed to send it to Brunt in the morning. I'd rather be naked. Well, then, I guess throwing my entire life away was worth it. Well, Rom, I've been thinking long and hard, and you know what? I don't have a clue. (Bashir enters with a case of bottles.) What is it? Nice try, Doctor, but I don't want your charity. This is all very amusing, but I can't start a bar with a case of bad brandy and a set of ugly glasses. Yes, Captain? Captain, you can't do this! Not without paying a storage fee. A minimum storage fee. Practically nothing. All right. Don't just stand there, Odo. Move it all in. (Morn has already brought a chair and claimed his place at the bar.) Sisko, Dax, Bashir, Morn? They're my assets? I guess you're right. I need a drink. (Quark goes to the bar to make a speech, but words fail him.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Odo. I hear you're taking a little trip to the Gamma Quadrant. Then you are coming back? I will.
Captain, you're just in time for happy hour. Do you think any of these people looked happy when they walked in here? How could they? There's a war going on. But they come because they know I'll do everything in my power to help them forget their troubles. For a reasonable fee, of course. Now, what can I do for you? Oh, Captain, we all have our failures, and he's mine. Every since he lost his shape-shifting abilities, I haven't been able to get a smile out of him. I'm telling you, Captain, that's one depressed ex-changeling. He's upstairs at his usual table. Just follow the black cloud. [Quark's cafe]
What I'm saying is, if you're going to prosecute me I demand that you prosecute my co-conspirator. I'll buy that. He asked for them! What's love without danger?
Doctor? Let me guess. Eavesdropping on the battling O'Briens? Such language. I hope Molly's not around. How could I not? Let's use a little discretion, shall we? He's done something. She's outraged. He thinks she's overreacting. She thinks he's trying to run her life. Pretty boring actually, but to hear them you'd think it was a matter of life and death. Mrs O'Brien. (Keiko goes into her quarters.) Not Miles and Keiko. The other O'Briens, Miles and Kira. Miles hid Kira's springball racket because she's carrying his baby and he doesn't want her taking any risks, and she doesn't want him controlling her Keiko made them stop. Now they're in the 'let's talk this out and share our feelings' part of the fight. Show's over. Maparian ale with just a hint of pazafer, as I recall. How could I forget? You're the only Klingon I know who drinks something besides bloodwine, or prune juice. Forget it. To the House of Grilka. May it continue to be as strong and proud as its lady is beautiful. I know of no greater compliment. So, what brings you to my humble establishment? Business or pleasure? War. What is it good for? If you ask me, absolutely nothing. I have got an idea. Why don't I take a look at your financial records? I know that's not why you're here. I'm sure it's simply a social visit, but maybe I could help. Thank you. (Grilka and Tumek leave, then Thopok puts his hands on Quark's shoulders.) I want to talk to Dax if that's all right with you. I need help. Grilka invited me to dinner and I need to brush up on Klingon manners and protocol and all that. In her quarters. A private dinner. A very private dinner. (Worf gets up and stands by the bulkhead, sulking.) What's wrong with him? That's a shame. Well, when Grilka and I were married there wasn't a lot of affection involved. So what does a Klingon woman expect from a man? Are there any secret Klingon phrases I should know, or do we just leap on each other like a pair of crazed voles? Two nights. Whatever. Look, I'm serious. Grilka and I, we have something. I'm not sure what, but I want to pursue it. No. Well, that too. But there's more. She's glorious. So what do I do? Respect? Okay, okay, I can do that. Anything else? Then what? Sounds reasonable. [Kira's room] (Kira is getting an ankle massage.) Ahem. (Worf turns off the music.) I'm not going to ask. Look, I came here to thank you for last night. Grilka loved it. All of it. Everything I did, everything I said it was perfect. She said I had the heart of a Basai Master, whatever that is. A poet? I guess I can live with that. She spent about an hour talking about her family history. A rather long and bloody tale, but what else is new? Then we ate the lingta, which tasted really bad, listened to some noise which she called Klingon music, and I left. Almost. Her bodyguard was giving me threatening looks all night. You know, it's attitudes like that that keep you people from getting invited to all the really good parties. Could I make that up? I'm telling you, Worf, she responded perfectly. You really have the key to this woman's heart. The question is, can you help me unlock it? Kosh tomoh I mean tomah ehpaq Lukara kaVeir. Besh besh-opar gree uchan argh. Besh opar gee urchun omaH te, te, te-doQ maugh-shta. Having to learn all this Klingonese isn't helping my performance. This is ridiculous! I'm surrounded by corpses, my shoes are dripping with blood, and you want me to feel romantic? Why am I putting myself through this? Yeah? One more time. [Security office] I've always thought so. Well, it's the thought that counts. I only pursue those things I wish to acquire. I am a Ferengi. That means I have a talent for appreciating objects of great value. And I believe you may be worth more than all the latinum in the quadrant. My Lukara. What if I just do what I did the last time a Klingon wanted to kill me? I throw my sword away, kneel down in front of him and dare him to execute me. Yeah. He'll be humiliated and slink away like a scalded targ. So my choices are to not show up, be branded a coward and lose Grilka, or die? Oh, come on now! There has to be another way out of this! You people have rituals for everything except waste extraction. You must have a ceremony or a secret handshake or something I can do. Like a puppet. And I have some complaints for the puppeteer. You nearly wrenched my arm out of its socket. Exercise makes me sweat. Bedtime. (Quark leaves) To, to answer the (Worf takes control and swings the bat'leth.) To answer the Challenge of Thopok, to prove my honour, and to win the favour of the Lady Grilka. I'm a man of many talents. ('Quark' goes on the offensive.) [Holosuite] (But as he does some fancy twirling, the tip of Worf's bat'leth catches an eyepiece on his device and it breaks.) [Holosuite - Hall of Warriors] (Quark is on his own.) No! Wait! [Holosuite] I claim the Right of Proclamation. It is a Ferengi custom. I beg to differ! I am as proud of my heritage as you are of yours and I will not be denied the opportunity to express myself according to Ferengi custom. I must make a speech. About you! To this end my blade soars through the aquarium of my soul, seeking the kelp of discontent which must be cut so that the rocky bottom of love lie in waiting with fertile sand for the coming seed of Grilka's affection. And yet, does this explain my need for her? No. It is like a giant cave of emptiness waiting for the bats of love to hang by (Worf regains control) Well, I guess that's enough talking . Now back to the fighting. [Holosuite] If you insist. (But Worf can't make the kill) Maybe not. Maybe I'll pick up your sword. (He kneels in front of Grilka, puts down his own bat'leth and Thopok's to Grilka.) And give it to you I guess. You mean, what have we been doing?
The Chief asked me to come up with a decaffeinated raktajino for Kira. I'm thinking of marketing it. (Kira takes a mouthful.) I did the best I could. The removal of caffeine from beverages has plagued bartenders and restauranteurs for centuries. You can't expect me to solve it overnight. As the lessee, he does have certain rights. Back home, pregnancy is considered a rental.
You know, Morn, there's nothing more invigorating than breakfast in a bar. Where else can you get raw slug liver first thing in the morning? (Rom comes in, sits at the bar, and Quark puts a bowl in front of him.) What do you mean, what's this? It's puree of beetle. Of course you didn't order it. You don't need to order it. You have it after work every morning. What kind of breakfast is that? That's the problem with working alongside humans, you pick up their disgusting habits. Bacon. Corned beef hash. What's next, Rom? Orange juice and coffee? I don't understand. You gave up a perfectly good job with me to work on the station's waste extraction system? Of course it's important, but my point is, you're not getting the choice assignments. O'Brien's got you on the night shift, doing all the work nobody else wants to do. You like standing all night long, knee-deep in waste, fixing some broken flow regulator, when you could be here staring at half-naked dabo girls? I'm sorry I brought it up. [O'Brien's quarters] (The bonsai have died.) You look horrible. I'm telling you, Rom, working the night shift is driving you to an early grave. What do you mean you weren't working? I knew it. O'Brien fired you. Then why do you look so tired? With who? Do they. Well, Rom, I'm glad things are going so well for you. I guess you'll be wanting the Chief's Special again? What a surprise. Pineapple? Pineapple. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
It's about time you got here. The rest of us were ready to leave an hour ago. I've always wanted to go to Risa and this seemed like a perfect opportunity. Why should it be a problem? We're going to have a wonderful time. Now, if you don't mind, Risa awaits. Excuse me, but I believe I ordered a snail juice, hand-squeezed. How much longer until we get there? Six hours. You call that a cabin? It's a cot and a waste disposal unit. It's so small even I can't stand up in there. Look. I'm developing a slouch. What's he going to do? Turn around and take me home? Ruin everyone's vacation? Okay, okay, you made your point. I'm going. But first, I have a little present for everyone. (Quark hands out horga'hns) One for you, and one for you, and one for you. (to Worf) And none for you. Displaying one to the locals indicates you're seeking jamaharon. I think I'm going to be sick. All right, I'm going. (Quark leaves) Time to test these babies out. Ladies. (Quark waves two horga'hn) I seek whatever you've got. I'll take it. (Quark leaves with a woman on each arm.) That's it? I was expecting fireworks. Where's the anger, the vicious name-calling, the irrational accusations? I never would have agreed to be a witness if I knew you were going to be so civil. It's disgusting. Let me get this straight. While you were still dating Julian here, you were having fantasies about someone else? Yes, do tell. Me? My brother Rom? Sexy? Here. (horga'hn) You need this more than I do. [Solarium] (Worf finds Dax working with clay, and Arandis has her arm around her.) I like that about her. What you need is a Ferengi. And the brain of a pigheaded idiot. Well, no sense waiting around here for him. I say we take some floaters up into the hills and go skinny dipping in the hot springs. Great. Just what we needed. (It rains, hard.) But why are you doing this? As rational as Klingons get, anyway. I have seen drier days on Ferenginar, and we have a hundred and seventy eight different words for rain. Right now it's glebbening out there. And that's bad. Have you taken a good look at the Risians lately? They're even more depressed than the guests. In the rain? Indoor hoverball. That's just wrong. Nobody came here to sit around in the rain. It's the humidity. It dampens the food, makes everything mushy. Trust me. There's no word for crisp on Ferenginar. Figures. The weather improves the day we leave. I'd better go find Bashir. He brought a horga'hn down to breakfast and that's the last I saw of him.
Congratulations, gentlemen. You get to work today. And you'll be labouring in the finest establishment on the station. My establishment. Twelve hours of work, two five minute breaks, one slip of latinum each. Let's go. Didn't you hear me? I'm offering you work. What are you waiting for? Open it. Start by stepping through the gate that the nice man has opened for you. Very good. You three must be warp engineers. Now we're going to walk down the Promenade to the bar. Would you like me to hold your hands or can you manage it? I'm so glad. I had a lot of visitors this morning. It was a busy day. You don't say? Such a nice, friendly man, too. I guess you can never tell what some people are really like. The Obsidian Order? Well, you know how rumours are. He was here for ten minutes. He wanted to unload a shipment of maraji crystals, but I wasn't interested. I can't move maraji crystals. The Cardassians don't like them and the Bajorans can't afford them, so I sent him on his way, all right? That's all. Always a pleasure.
Who'd you think it was? How could it be Nog? His ship hasn't even docked yet. What else is new? Ten slips of latinum ought to do it. I'd mind. (So Rom opens a bottle and knocks it back.) My own brother drinking root beer. It's so human. Wrong again. Whatever it is, I didn't do it. I haven't done anything. What do they want to talk to me for? Odo, I have no idea what this is all about. We? What? So, how much longer till we reach Inferna Prime? In that case, we'd better find something to occupy our time. Care for a game of fizzbin? I'll teach you. It's a very simple game. Afraid you'd lose? You know, Odo, I used to think all your problems stemmed from the fact that you were a changeling, isolated from your own kind, forced to live among strangers who didn't understand you. You couldn't eat, you couldn't drink, you couldn't sleep, you couldn't make love. Was it any wonder you had such a bad disposition? But you're not a changeling anymore. You're one of us. Life is yours for the taking. All you have to do is reach out and grab it. But do you? No. Because solid or changeling, you're still a miserable, self-hating misanthrope. That's who you are and that's who you'll always be. Fine. Then we'll just sit here for a week in silence. What are you reading? Don't be so sure. (Quark grabs the PADD) What are you going to do, arrest me? (reads) He walked toward her, the wooden deck heaving to and fro beneath his booted feet. Her hands moved to the brooch at her throat. She unclasped it and the cloak fell from her shoulders, her wet skin glistening in the moonlight. Lightning flashed and heaven's thunder roared in rhythm with the beating of their hearts.' Odo, I take it all back. You're obviously a lot more complicated than I thought. If you like that kind of thing I might be interested in selling you my first edition of 'Vulcan Love Slave.' Well, no one gets killed in 'Vulcan Love Slave,' but it's still a hell of a read. I'm not there yet. Look, Odo, give me a chance. At least tell me what the charges are. You're doing it again. Smacking your lips. There. Don't you hear that? This whole runabout is alive with annoying little noises. Listen. That buzzing noise. It started over an hour ago. Because it's even colder back there than it is up here. I will, when I get it right. There it is again. That buzzing noise. Don't you hear it? Where is it coming from? Shhh. I said be quiet! It's coming from here. Defective anodyne circuits make a hissing sound. This is a buzz. We'd better open up this hatch. Stop being so suspicious. That's odd. The buzzing's changed pitch. Let's find out. (Odo unlocks the floor emergency access panel at a console. There's something alien blinking in the circuitry.) Don't tell me. Let me guess. Next time I tell you I hear something, maybe you'll listen. What if it's set to go off if someone tries to transport it? Fine. Beam it out. But at least try and channel the explosion through the transporter buffer. We did it. We're safe. (BOOM! And the power goes out) What now? Land? You mean crash. Barely habitable. How close? Believe me, you don't want to get anywhere near the Orion Syndicate. I thought you knew. Let me guess. You pretended to know more than you did so I'd think I had nothing to hide and say something to incriminate myself. This is all your fault. I'm not a member. I just know people who know people who know some other people. And besides (They hit the tree canopy. Blackout, then a little later we see the runabout is perched on a rocky outcrop.) Will someone adjust the temperature. It's freezing in here. Out there? Oh, yeah. Now I remember. You were apologising for almost getting us both killed. I guess there's nothing we can do now except send out a distress signal and wait to be rescued. That's not good. Then I guess we're stuck with field rations. I know, I know. Destroyed in the explosion. So now what? You want to help? Here. (Odo takes the huge piece of equipment. It's heavy) I was. The signal booster's completely shot. Which means there's no way we can transmit a distress signal through a planetary atmosphere. Actually, I came up with a way to save our lives. All we have to do is haul this transmitter up to higher ground. More altitude, less atmosphere. Go high enough, and we might be able to get a signal out. Er, carry the seven, take the square root, times pi. I'd say that high. (The local Everest looms ahead of them. Later, Odo is trying to make a poncho out of a blanket when Quark enters wearing thermals way too big for him.) I'm ready when you are. In the back. It's pretty cozy. Don't bother. This is the only one that wasn't destroyed in the explosion. Finders keepers. Besides, carrying this transmitter up the mountain should keep you warm. [Mountain forest] (Odo is in the jacket, Quark is wearing the trousers and the blanket poncho, with the transmitter on his back. They cross a mountain stream.) It isn't much of a sun and this isn't much of a planet. And you've got a lot of nerve complaining about being cold when you're the one wearing the jacket. Under duress. You're the one who wanted to be a solid. Oh, please. I used to see you coming into the bar, watching Morn eat, eyeing my customers as they gambled and flirted with the dabo girls, wishing you were one of them. Not to mention your platonic friendship with a certain Bajoran Major. Deny it all you want, but the fact is your people gave you what you wanted. You're one of us now and I finally can sit on a chair and know with absolute certainty that it isn't you. (Quark slips on a rock and falls.) What? I'm fine, thank you very much. And so's the transmitter. No, thanks. I think I'll just lay here and freeze to death. And I get to wear the jacket. What's that over there? I can't believe it. I've been walking for three days and I haven't seen a single beetle. I could really go for a beetle right now. Any kind of beetle, just as long as it had a little meat on it. A nice slug would do. If I collapse from hunger, you've got to carry me and the transmitter. A few hours? You mean like three? I could do six. Seven might be pushing it, but six I could do. Ten thousand seven hundred and fifty one. Ten thousand seven hundred and fifty two. Ten thousand seven hundred and fifty three. I just want to know how far we're going. Every step down means an extra step up. Fine. But don't talk to me. It's hard keeping track. You know what's going to make all this worthwhile? The look on your face when they let me go. And you call yourself a detective. The Orion Syndicate tried to kill me. They never kill their own. They don't need to. Any one of them would take their own life before they'd testify against the Syndicate. Don't you get it? I'm not a suspect. I'm a witness. Now you made me lose count. Thank you. I hate to disappoint you. I don't want to talk about it. Which means you've spent the last ten years of your life trying to catch a nobody. Without little success, I might add. So you tell me, which one of us is the bigger failure. Ten thousand seven hundred and eighty eight. Ten thousand seven hundred and eight nine. Ten thousand seven hundred and ninety. Ten thousand seven hundred and ninety one. [Replimat] Stop hitting me! So you saw that as an opportunity to vent years of hostility towards me? Towards me. Towards me. Hostility. What? I'm deaf. I'm deaf in my right ear. I can't hear anything. Hello, hello, hello? Hello, hello, hello? You don't understand. A one-eared Ferengi is only half a man. We've got to get out of here. My body's shutting down. It's too cold. There's not enough to eat. I'm dying. We both are. These aren't rations. These are crumbs. You can't climb a mountain on crumbs. You're going to leave me? Whose turn is it to carry the transmitter? Figures. Figures? Figures! (And further on, it is Odo doing the carrying. And nearly falling backwards under the weight too.) I hate this transmitter and I hate this mountain and most of all I hate the Orion Syndicate for stranding us here. Don't try and blame this on me, Constable. It was your job to get me to Inferna Prime safely. You never asked. Have I ever told you how much I hate that smug, superior attitude of yours? Well I hate You. You are an arrogant prude. Freak. Fascist. What? I'm fine. That should it hold together. Now we just have to get you on it. Not looking at it doesn't help. I still know it's there. Speaking of pain, this is probably going to hurt. (Quark gets Odo onto the travois.) Just watch me. Don't you get it? I'm not trying to rescue you. I'm taking you along as emergency rations. If you die, I'm going to eat you. Waste not, want not. Comfortable? Join the club. (Quark struggles on, over rocks, one step at a time, getting closer to the tree line. Quark tries the transmitter.) Higher. (Off they go again.) Hold on, Odo, hold on. Hold on. (The tree line is still above them, mainly because they are filming in a very small area. Eventually Quark collapses.) It's over. I can't move. We'll have to set up the transmitter here. Don't you understand? I can't do it. I'm half frozen. I haven't eaten for days. My muscles won't work anymore. Odo? Say something. I can't go any further. They're not here. What for? What are you doing? (Odo has crawled off the travois and is pushing the transmitter along the ground.) You'll never make it. You're trying to embarrass me, aren't you? You're trying to shame me into carrying that thing the rest of the way on my own. Well it's not going to work. You might as well accept the inevitable and die with dignity. That's what I'm going to do. I'm just going to lie here and die. (Odo can't go any further.) My brother will get the bar. My nephew will be completely corrupted by the Federation and become a Starfleet captain. And my bones will lie here and freeze unsold and unmourned. (Quark gets up.) Try not to break your other leg while I'm gone. Odo? Odo? Are you awake? We survived. I bet you were surprised I actually made it all the way to the top. You remember back there when I told you I hated you, and you told me you hated me? I just wanted you to know I meant every word of it.
Sorry to disturb you, Captain, but It's after three in the morning. Time flies when you're having fun. What is it? You know, Captain, if you like puzzles I have a wide assortment of pleasure mazes. And they all come with a surprise in the centre. Computer, Quark to Infirmary. Medical emergency in holosuite four. [Security office] (Odo marches Quark in.) You said yourself the Captain's all right. Then why am I being arrested? I already told you it was an accident. A minor technical difficulty. You can't arrest somebody for a minor technical difficulty. Which is what I've been telling Chief O'Brien for the past week. I begged him to have Rom fix them, but you know what he said? Rom's too busy upgrading the sensor array. Can you believe that? Anyone can fix the sensor array but no one can fix the holosuites like that idiot brother of mine. So you see, if anyone should be arrested for negligence, it's Chief O'Brien. Computer, spotlight. (On two dabo girls on the upper level.) Drum roll. (The girls unfold a banner.) Not that one. (Quark reaches behind the bar and unfurls a UFP banner. Applause.) Never hurts. (Her glass also has the UFP logo on it.) Of course it is. This station is going to get busier than an Alvanian beehive. I'm expecting to do five times the volume in root beer alone. You see, it's all about foot traffic. The more people come in, the more they drink. The more they drink, the more they talk. The more they talk, the more they let slip things that I shouldn't know, And that, that always leads to latinum. What's that? Don't worry. I fixed it. [Holosuite] (Sisko is contemplating the obelisk when Kira enters.)
Hello, Major. I was just about to call you. I just found this PADD in a shipment of Saurian brandy that I just received. It was coded for you, but somehow I accidently activated it.
Back trouble? Bad posture. Forget that. I've got a holosuite programme that'll take care of him. Three Orion slave girls strap you Go ahead, suffer. A Yridian I've been dealing with sold me something that might interest you. You don't even know what it is. In that case, can you tell me how to get in touch with the Founders? I know they'll want it. It's a changeling. Or it was, anyway. Since it's dead I'll let you have it for five slips of latinum. In that case make it ten. Eight and we'll call it even. (Quark taps a sale into his PADD and gets Odo's thumbprint.) It's a pleasure doing business with you. (Quark leaves.) Comes to three hundred and twenty four. I'm going to have to start watering the drinks again (Odo is taking bottles from a shelf.) Constable? What are you doing back there? We're closed. You're in a good mood. Which means you're probably about to arrest me on some trumped up charge. Why? What are you up to? No. It doesn't fit. If you're happy, something's very wrong in the world. The centre cannot not hold. I've got it. You're getting back at me for selling you that sick changeling. If you want the money back, just say so. All right, all right, I confess. I don't know what I did, but I did it. Just stop. I can't take it anymore. Huh? Fill me up.
Gentlemen! Gentlemen. I don't know what's going on here, but I'm sure it's no excuse to act like a pair of Klingons. Then you'll excuse me while I call security. I'm sure Odo will a big thrill out of having you locked up in one of his holding cells. Let's go, Garak. I'll buy you a drink.
Your asparagus with yamok sauce. The last of my fresh asparagus, I might add. Not that I'll need to stock it anymore. Somehow I get the feeling there won't be much of a demand for human food once the Jem'Hadar have finished with this place. Am I? The Jem'Hadar don't eat, don't drink, and they don't have sex. And if that wasn't bad enough, the Founders don't eat and don't drink, and they don't have sex either. Which, between you and me, makes my financial future less than promising. I never thought of that. I wonder what their favourite food is? [Ops]
You've been saying that for weeks. Now? Okay, let's hear it. Rom, you're a regular poet. Prove it. I don't know, Leeta. Maybe he's just not interested in you. Likes you, yes. But he's an engineer, a problem solver. He needs a woman with a body and brains. Of course you do, honey. That's why I hired you. Now eat up and then take those brains back to the dabo wheel where the customers can get a good long look at them. Thank the Nagus that you didn't. Remember what happened with Nog's mother? Yeah, don't want to think about her, do you. Let me refresh your memory. You signed a standard five year marriage contract with Prinadora's father because you wanted to have a child. A simple everyday business deal. But then you fell in love with your wife and wanted to extend the contract. And you were so in love that you never bothered to read the extension before signing it. So in the end, her father swindled you out of all your money. Prinadora left you for a richer man and you got stuck with Nog. Hooray for romance. She's a female, Rom. And the one constant in the universe is, females are trouble. Look, if you're lonely I've got a new holosuite programme. Vulcan Love Slave part two, The Revenge. Give it a try. After a couple of hours you'll forget all about Leeta. [Bashir's quarters]
Can I interest you in my collection of Risean tapestries? How do I know she's not interested unless I ask? Don't worry, I can keep my eyes on more than one thing at a time. Morn! We're closed. (Morn comes out of the bar.) Go home. (We follow Morn along then pick up Arissa coming out of somewhere.)
Just a moment. (checking a PADD) I can't believe it. I'll be right there. Okay, okay! Who'd have dreamed they'd strike feldomite on Parsion Three? The Sepian Commodities Exchange is in chaos. Everybody's selling, prices falling. Evade. You heard me, evade! Take it. That's all I've got left. My antimonium options, my quadrotriticale futures, my powdered newt supplements all wiped out. That's it, I'm finished. It can and it is. I'm up to my lobes in debt. I put the bar up as collateral to three different brokers. The loans are due in a week. If I don't come up with the latinum there'll be nothing left of me but a greasy spot on the Promenade. (The Bolian barman whispers in his ear.) Here? Now? Tell him I'm gone. Gaila! What a pleasant surprise. If you've come for your latinum you've come a long way for nothing, because that's all I can give you. Nothing. What are you going to do, loan me some exploding latinum? You'd defy the FCA ban on doing business with me? You want me to sell weapons, don't you? I've told you before, I can't smuggle weapons through this station. Odo would be on to me in a second. Then what do you need me for? I can do that. Ten. I had no idea. My own moon. What have I got to lose? [O'Brien's quarters] (The place looks like a toy shop. Miles is walking the baby.) Shh. Just being careful. Odo could be anywhere or anything. He's very tricky. Where? I've always said my cousin is an excellent judge of character. That can be a fatal mistake. We have a wide range of targets for you to choose from. These are the finest holosuites in the sector. You sell weapons to opposing sides? I can't wait. Completely. Why'd you tell him this was my idea? The Breen CRM one-fourteen works equally well against moving vessels or surface emplacements. It's guaranteed to cut through reactive armour in the six to fifteen centimetre range, and shields to four point six gigajoules. The quick recharge is one of its most popular features. It's a pleasure doing business with someone who appreciates a fine weapon. (The customer leaves.) How'd I do? I am, aren't I? It's no different than selling sandwiches. I'm going to like doing this job. [Hagath's quarters] (Hagath is watching the stock market.) You wanted to see me? He purchased seven thousand tritanium plated assault skimmers. Lucky us. It had crossed my mind. I don't understand. I would have paid them their money. And once my debts are paid? Andarian glass beads. These must be worth Look! [Quark's] (A darts match.) That's right, keep going. Ah ha. Don't stop until you see smoke. (Doorbell.) Ahhh. Come in. (Odo enters) None of these charges are going to stick. I haven't broken any laws. I have a license to run holosuites. I defy you to prove that I brought a single weapon onto the station. Better luck next time. But why did you sell weapons to the Bajorans? They couldn't have had much money. Because they were overly confident. I haven't had a single Starfleet customer all day. Come to think of it, nobody from the Federation has come through those doors. I must be off limits. Never heard of him. Can't wait to meet him. As well he should be. After all, he's a Regent. Why's that? Have you spoken to Hagath about that? And I like him. I'd also like a bigger share of the profits. What about Farrakk? Are you saying Hagath killed him? Double snail juice, extra smooth. Good morning, Commander. Mind if I join you? That's okay, I won't take it personally. I have to admit, I'm a little disappointed in you. I thought you, of all people, would understand. Who said anything about people dying? The weapons I sell are strictly defensive. To be well armed is a deterrent to war. Don't you know anything about the balance of power? Jadzia, there was nothing else I could do. I was drowning. The waters were closing over my head and just as my lungs were about to burst, my cousin threw me a lifeline. How could I possibly refuse? Guilty? Me? I don't have anything to feel guilty about. Palamarian sea urchin, lightly sautéed in garlic and moon grass. Matopin rock fungi tossed on a bed of tartoc and seasoned with clavisoa berries. And for the main course, stuffed Wentlian condor snake. All the Regent's favourite dishes. I obtained the recipes through his palace chefs in exchange for a small gratuity. Go ahead. Ruin you? I don't want to ruin you. They told me he'd like it. Yes. (Hagath tries one of the dishes.) So glad you approve. Now, how can we help you? Twenty eight million dead? Can't we just wound some of them? I don't blame you. The Regent is insane. But twenty eight million people. That just seems wrong. You don't look so good. I didn't do anything. Now hold on. You can't blame me. This isn't my fault. (The wheel stops.) No, no, no! (Quark wakes from his nightmare.) What have I done? [Ops] (Everyone is whispering, and looking down onto a carry cot.) I want you to have this. I'm going. I can't. It's a gift. It's not a bribe. Chances are I won't be needing it anymore. Goodbye, Dax. Don't you want to know where it is I'm going? What if I said it was dangerous? (Dax goes into the bedroom and closes the door.) Figures. Doesn't matter. Where I'm going you can't follow. What I have to do, I have to do alone. One man who's had enough, who's going to stand up and say Nervous? The worst Hagath can do is kill you. What's one life compared to the lives of twenty eight million people? [Hagath's quarters] Our supplier sold all he had to the Minnobia for their war against the Vek. I know. He'll be stuck with twenty eight million people and no way to kill them. Lucky for us, I can get hold of some Varaxian LM Seven. It's a new biogenic weapon, still in the experimental stage. They'll be dropping like flies. Only trouble is, I don't know how much of it I can get. You think the Regent would be satisfied with only seventeen million people killed? Then what you have to do is tell him there's been a change of plans. Tell him we have something new to show him. It might take a little longer to get the results he wants, but we'll give him a twenty percent discount. In the meantime, I'll have a sample of Varaxian LM Seven sent here and we'll arrange for a small demonstration. We'll find a planet with some low-level lifeforms on it nobody will miss. Believe me, I want this deal to go through more than anybody. I'm finally out of debt. These are the first profits I get to keep. Stop looking so unhappy. The dabo tables will still be there when you get back. I told you there's somebody I want you to meet. [Quark's quarters] Gaila, meet General Nassuc, head of the Palamarian Freedom Brigade. Will you excuse us for just a moment? [Corridor] I invited her. Of course not. Relax. I know selling weapons to opposing sides is dangerous, but as you said yourself, The riskier the road. Only if we fail, and we're not going to fail. we're going to sell Varaxian LM Seven to both the Regent and the General. Oh, she jumped at the chance. She's as crazy as the Regent. Both sides will poison each other, we'll double our profits, and Hagath will be very happy. It's a busy station. We'll keep them far apart. Just think of all that latinum. Keep the General occupied for twenty minutes, then take her to cargo bay five. I'll meet you there. [Cargo bay] (Quark is kneeling by a container.) That's odd. The code sequencer isn't working. Right away. I just need to get a descrambler. And then while I'm at it, I'll get a bottle of champagne to celebrate. Whatever you say. I'll be right back. I just have to get a descrambler. How was I supposed to know everyone was going to start shooting? I just wanted them to cross paths so that the deal would fall through. I hear General Nassuc sent a purification squad after them. I can live with that. The Regent's dead? I can live with that, too. And I can think of twenty eight million other people who won't mind either. So, about those charges. Surely we can come up with some sort of accommodation? On what? That much? Well, maybe we could come up with some sort of installment plan? Acquire. Evade. (Quark wins.) The risk is at ten, with a purchase of seven and a sale of fourteen. It's a gift. Now, about my tongo wheel. I know that I gave it to you, but at the time Retreat. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
What can I get for you, Major? A frosty Bajoran ale perhaps? Or something stronger? How about a Black Hole? You look terrible. Not that I mind. I like my women a little rumpled. I know just the thing. Warm Enyak's milk. It'll help you sleep. [Kira's quarters]
It's too early to tell. Don't remind me. They found a nest. It's not the main nest. Well, obviously he missed a couple. A married couple. They breed like tribbles. They're disgusting, hairy little creatures with ravenous appetites and I want them gone. I know, I know. This is just a temporary setback. The bar will open again and I can get back to my life. The only trouble is, I hate my life. [Quark's quarters] Come in. What do you want? I doubt it. Really? What's she doing here? Oh, I wish I was dead. I don't want to live. I think I need to be alone. Yeah, me. Let me guess. Chief O'Brien? Rom, just tell me who it is, then you can leave and I can go back to my brooding. So would I. Mother? (She lets him in.) Moogie, hold me. [Replimat] (Rom is wearing a Bajoran earring.) So you see, Moogie, the voles aren't the real problem. They're just a symbol for everything that's gone wrong in my life. That's an understatement. I see all these great opportunities out there and I can't do anything about them. Without a Ferengi Business Licence it's like I don't exist. I had no place else to go. You have stopped, haven't you? I mean earning profit. Wearing clothes is bad enough, but profit. I know the two of us living under the same roof isn't going to be easy. But you're my mother and I love you. I don't know. I guess until I start feeling better. Unless, of course, you don't want me. Then you'll remove all that unnecessary clothing? To my room. I'm exhausted. I never liked your tube grubs. Maybe later. [Quark's bedroom] Hello, room. Where's all my stuff? If she's thrown out my Marauder Mo action figures. (Quark opens the wardrobe. Zek and Maihar'du are in there. Quark hands over his bag and shuts the door. Then his brain registers what his eyes saw and opens it again.) Grand Nagus? I'm visiting my mother. Got to go. The Nagus, he knows I'm here. Wait a minute. What's the Nagus doing in my closet? Moogie? Zekkie? What's going on? That doesn't answer my question. (Zek and Maihar'du enter) Rule of Acquisition two oh eight. You're in trouble again, aren't you? What have you done now? Whatever it is, I had nothing to do with it. Tell him, Moogie. Tell him I'm innocent. You're not? I don't know. I just thought since you were here. I don't know what I thought. I'm so confused. How did you two meet? Does anybody know about this? My lips are sealed. I don't believe it. Nothing. I've never seen you looking happier. Incredible. Give you a hard time? You and the Nagus? I couldn't be happier for all of us. [Quark's] So tell me, Nagus, how was your day? No wonder the Ferengi economy is growing at a record pace. Costs are down, profits are up. And your people love you for it. Your business acumen, your negotiating skills, your kindness and generosity. But you're the most powerful man on Ferenginar. You can do whatever you want. Moogie, talk to him. Thanks. I knew I could count on you. What are you doing in my closet? In my closet? Happy couple? I had nothing to do with it. They met playing tongo. I only found out about it today. So what are you going to do? Me? Why should I help you? You revoked my business licence. You've got a deal. [Chamber of Petitioners] (High in the Tower of Commerce, Zek holds court.) I need to speak to the Nagus. It's a personal matter. Nothing for you to worry about. I just dropped by to pay my respects. Before I do, I just want to say how proud I am that you consider my home your home. My mother is a very lucky woman. I just think it's great that she's found someone who cares for her so deeply that he can ignore all those vicious rumours about her. I'm talking about the other rumours. The ones that say she hasn't given it all back. Of course it is. And the wildest rumour has to be about what she plans to do with her fortune. That she's going to fund a political revolution to end the male domination on Ferenginar. It's crazy, isn't it? I mean, so what if she wears clothing, or that she's managed to worm her way into the heart of the most influential Ferengi alive. Those aren't crimes, are they? And what if she's as cunning and ruthless as any male. That doesn't mean that she's not to be trusted, does it? The important thing is that she loves you and that you're not some pawn in her plans for world domination. It's a horrifying thought. Luckily, they're just rumours. Well, time to go. I'll see you tonight, Nagus. I know Moogie can hardly wait. For you to get home. (Quark leaves.) I'm not hungry. I must've been too depressed to notice. It's awful. You don't know what it's like to be denied the opportunity to earn profit. It's worse for a male. Moogie, I'm in no mood to argue politics right now. I'm too distressed. Oh, Moogie. Thank you. I'll make myself scarce. Good luck. I'm counting on you. [Promenade] Moogie, I'm home. So, how'd it go? Am I reinstated? What's wrong? Did the Nagus say no? Of course I do. I just think about myself first. Now tell me, what's wrong? That's ridiculous. The nerve. Moogie, I'm sorry, but these things happen. It's probably better this way. I hope you've had a productive day. I certainly have. It's hard to smile when you have a broken heart. Now, about my business licence. I always was. (Next morning.) Breakfast. Moogie, you have to eat something. Because life goes on. There are other slugs in the sea. How did you know that? Okay. Then I'll go pack. (The comm. beeps) Who could that be? It's Quark. I have no idea. I doubt it. But then, it could be. Either way, I'll do all I can to straighten things out between the two of you. That's a promise. [Chamber of Petitioners] You want me to be First Clerk to the Nagus? Why me? What about my bar? Well, when you put it that way. I need your access code. It's not working. Three, seven, four, slash, one, five, five. Nope. No, that isn't it either. Three, seven, four. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. (Maihar'du takes the PADD, taps in the code and give it back to Quark.) Oh, it was a six. The last number. DaiMon Igel. He wants to know whether he should sell his duranium interests on the open market or on the Futures Exchange. Over the last three trading cycles there's been an increase of seven and three quarters, a decrease of two and an eighth, and another increase of eleven and three eighths. Actually, that's seventeen. DaiMon Igel. With the Nagus. He made me his First Clerk. The worst day of my life. How did you know? I don't know if I should tell you this but I have to tell someone. The Nagus, he isn't No, I didn't stroke his lobes! You two weren't just lovers, you were helping him run things. You're the power behind the throne? Why didn't you tell me? If I'd known what was going on, I never would have I didn't know. Who do you think? A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all. You taught me that. A hundred and ninety nine point slide. The only Grand Nagus to be assassinated while in office. I'm sure we'll do better today. Why are you picking on me? I've done everything you've asked, haven't I? You knew the truth about the Nagus all along, didn't you? That's why you wanted to destroy his relationship with my mother, not to protect him, but to expose him. It sounds so good when you say it. I think I've been hanging around humans too long. I think I'm developing a It's been coming for a long time. I've fought against it, I really have. But living with those people day in and day out, being exposed to their ethics, their morality. It's like I've been brainwashed. Moogie, I'm serious! Of course not. He was willing to throw our entire economy into chaos just so he could grab power. A Ferengi, maybe, but not a Nagus. A Nagus has to be better than that. His personal greed has to reflect the public's greed. Exactly. You certainly did. You were brilliant. You know, for a moment there I actually thought that Brunt's head was going to explode with frustration. Me? I did nothing. I hear the Vulcans have been very successful at treating memory loss. It's Quark. I'm honoured, oh, shrewd one, but I'm afraid your confidence in me is misplaced. Maihar'du? (Maihar'du leaves.) If you insist. But first, let me introduce to you my financial advisor. (Maihar'du returns with a small, hooded figure.) Because the Nagus deserves to have the best financial advisor there is, and that's my Moogie. All the advice I gave you today came from her. I guess I stretched the truth here and there. I'll be right there. For what? Oh, my Marauder Mo action figures. I thought you'd thrown these out. I sure do. Do you have any idea how much these are worth? Even then you were handing out sound financial advice. Thanks, Moogie. But for how much longer? But they don't, and you're not going to tell them. Because the Nagus is ready for you. If you go against him you'll lose and you know it. What Ferengi doesn't? You're going to revoke my licence? I don't think the Nagus will like that. But that day is not today. Now, back in the closet where you belong. Don't make me come in there after you. (Transporter sound.) Coming, Moogie. (And starts playing with his toys instead.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Ready for the next problem? Say you have twenty seven tessipates of land you want to plant with nice juicy yelg melons.
Careful, that hurts. Well, what are you waiting for? I told you it hurts. (Odo and Kira enter.) Did you catch him? Why are you looking at me? I'm the victim here. He hit me with a barstool. I don't have the faintest idea. Of course I was talking to him. That's what bartenders are supposed to do, talk to their customers. All I said was that the military personnel on this station were starting to look a little nervous. When they get nervous, I get nervous. Basically. I might've done a little harmless theorising. Oh, something like it was only a matter of time before the Dominion launched a full-scale assault against the Federation and when that happened the station would undoubtedly be their first target. And I might've idly suggested that there wasn't a chance in hell that any of us would get out of here alive. Some people just don't react well to stress. Ow! Ha, ha, ha. Very funny. She's joking, right?
Welcome, welcome, welcome. Oh, you just beat the rush. Let me get your order before, er, before I get swamped. What was what? Oh, that? It's just my nephew and Chief O'Brien repairing some conduit. You'll get used to it. (Drilling again.) When are you two going to be done in there? Well, hurry up, before I lose all my customers. What?
I hope I'll be seeing the two of you tomorrow at twelve hundred hours. Why? Haven't you heard? There's going to be an auction of some of the galaxy's rarest and most valuable antiquities. Here. Find something you like and make a bid with all that latinum you've got stashed under your bed. Oh, Nog. You don't really keep it under your bed? I'm just conducting the auction, for a modest commission. The items up for sale were all aboard an old derelict freighter that the Bajorans found adrift about a light year from here. The cargo hold was crammed with valuable items of every description. Antiques, paintings, vehicles. Tell him to be here at twelve hundred hours and he can bid along with everyone else. the bid is to you, sir one bar, three strips. Don't let the lady steal this fine example of post-eventualistic, pre-Matoian, bronze and triptin sculpture for such a pittance. (A Bolian bids.) One bar, three strips. One bar four strips, and it's all yours. An honourable addition to any Klingon household. Remember, all the proceeds from this auction go to the Bajoran War Orphans' Fund, minus a modest commission. Think of those poor, lonely children and how much your latinum will mean to them. Looks like the kids'll have to make do with one bar, three strips Sold to the blue man in the good shoes. (Desultory applause as a lidded box is brought out.) Lot forty-eight. An Andorian chest containing a pre-Surak Vulcan bracelet, a sixth century Bajoran mandala, a twenty-third century ion transtator, a Willie Mays baseball card from Earth dated nineteen fifty one. Who'll start the bidding with one bar of gold-pressed latinum? One bar. Do I hear one bar, five strips? (A vedek bids.) One bar, five strips. Do I hear one bar, ten? One bar, ten. One, fifteen? (yes) One, fifteen. One, twenty? (yes) One, twenty. One, twenty-five? The bid is two bars. Do I hear two bars five? Vedek, are you in? (no) Two bars, five. The bid is ten bars of gold-pressed latinum. Is there another bid? Jake? Do you want to make another bid? Sold to the gentleman sitting in the aisle. Lot forty nine. A rare example of a twentieth century human art form, acrylic on black velvet. This image was the inspiration for the flag of the Martian colonies in the twenty second [Jake + Nog's quarters]
Leeta, that fifteen minute break you asked for was up an hour ago. I don't want to think about it. All I know is that any marriage where the female is allowed to speak and wear clothing is doomed to failure. Your dabo table awaits. (Sisko and O'Brien walk past on the upper Promenade.) Well, that was the most pathetic excuse for a wedding ceremony I've ever seen. No bridal auction, no latinum dances, and the bride? The bride was severely overdressed. Overjoyed. I give it two months. (Quark leaves with his dabo girl.) Rom, I always said you were an idiot, but I never believed it more than I do at this moment. Busy doing what? There are dozens of engineers that could be doing that. Starfleet engineers. Humans. You should be on Bajor with your new wife. Well, she's right. This is not your fight. I have to look out for my bar. Me? Well, like I said, you're an idiot. [Ops] I don't want to see a drop of root beer left in this place. Break out the kanar and find me some yamok sauce. What, did you think you could just walk back in here and get your old job back? (sotto) The Federation's more desperate than I thought. (loud) I knew one day you'd come crawling back to me. Now get to work. And the Promenade Merchants' Association
Good evening, gentlemen. Once again I see you're at your usual table. It's amazing how many of my customers think of Quark's as their second home. I only wish I had a holo-imager so I could preserve this warm and wonderful moment of camaraderie. Something you could hang on the wall of your barracks. (no response) Have you tried the dabo tables? I'm sure one of my lovely hostesses would be happy to teach you the game. (zilch) I know. A complimentary hour in one of our state-of-the-art holosuites? Whatever your desires, I'm sure we can satisfy them. (a Look) Perhaps another time. Enjoy the evening. (Moving away) Tough crowd. (bringing a drink) Thanks for waiting. Things have been a little busier than expected. This one's on the house. The usual. Peace, love and understanding. Not to mention a generous profit margin, which I'm happy to say is looking more and more likely. You know, I never expected to say this, but as occupations go, this one's not so bad. I'm not just concerned with profit, Major. Look around. Do you see any ghetto fences dividing the Promenade? Or exhausted Bajoran slave labourers sprawled on the ground after a gruelling day in the Ore Processing Centre? Do you hear the cries of starving children? I don't. Now don't get me wrong, I miss the Federation too. All I'm saying is, things could be a lot worse.
It's time, Major. Fourteen fifty seven hours. The shuttle will be docking in three minutes. Shouldn't you be wearing your dress uniform? (gets a Look) You look lovely just the way you are. (Kira leaves) You don't want to get involved in this, but if you are looking for something to do, I could use another waiter. [Airlock]
Pardon our appearance. We're renovating. Twenty seven? Expensive. Wait a minute. You started a fight in my bar and now you're getting a promotion? What kind of way is that to run an army? I hope it was something big. As a businessman, I'm very interested in the course of history. This one's on me. Of course. I understand. Here, let me pour you another. (And one for himself.) [Kira's quarters] No, I am not all right. I just shared a bottle of kanar with Damar. That rhymes. Of course I'm drunk. I wouldn't risk coming in here and associating myself with your little resistance cell if I wasn't drunk. I tried. I tried my best to run my establishment under this occupation. But you know what? It's no fun. I don't like Cardassians. They're mean and arrogant. And I can't stand the Jem'Hadar. They're creepy. They just stand there like statues, staring at you. That's it. I don't want to spend the rest of my life doing business with these people. I want the Federation back. I want to sell root beer again. How can I relax when there are thousands of Jem'Hadar ships are sitting on the other side of the wormhole, waiting to come through? Not if what Damar told me is true. He said he came up with a way to deactivate the mines. Dukat wants him to start field tests right away. (During the break they start pouring coffee into Quark.) Yes. He said something about the station's defector. Defector. That doesn't sound right. Maybe it was deflector? Yeah, that's it. He said something about using the station's deflector array. Why didn't you think of that when you set up the minefield? He doesn't know.
Unbelievable. Amazing. What nerve. Morn, you do have a problem, but lucky for you the solution is simple. You're a grown man. If you don't want to attend your mother's birthday party, you don't have to. And if she keeps whining about it, just remind her there's a war on and you have things to do. Another ale? (But Quark spots Kira walking past and gives Morn his empty glass back.) Here, it's on the house. [Promenade] Major, you ready? Right now. I keep telling myself that Odo never meant to have Rom to get arrested. It was all a mistake. Bad timing, bad luck. I have known Odo a long time. He's not a collaborator. We're here to see Odo. Odo will make an exception for us. What I said is, they're planning to execute you. It's not the same thing. And I've talked to Grand Nagus Zek himself and he has offered to buy your freedom from the Dominion. Will you stop upsetting Leeta? Besides, you think your big brother will let anything happen to you? I'm not sure. But I'll think of something. No matter what it takes, no matter what I have to do, I'm going to get you out of here. For how long? Make it two. Shh. (Leeta nods) Isn't your life worth two years? Now, sit tight and trust your older brother. What mind? The bar's doing fine, but thanks for caring. Boy, are they going to be disappointed. What happens if I get caught? But I don't want to die. I trust latinum, and so do they. Five bars will buy me five Nausicaans, a fast ship and very few questions. Breaking Rom out of the holding cell will be child's play compared to the things they're used to doing. Think I can get my money back? (They go down to the bar proper.) Then you need to get your eyes examined. One kanar. Want me to leave the bottle? Poisoning customers is bad for business. Not this Ferengi. (Quark makes to taste the kanar. Damar takes the glass from him.) All right, are you going to tell me or do you want me to guess? Oh, don't be coy with me. Either someone you don't like has died or your promotion came through. What about it? Oh, I've heard that before. Well, you've got your work cut out for you. What's it going to take a couple of months? A year? A week? That's what he said. Believe me, this was no idle boast. And end up in a holding cell with my brother? No, thanks. If we could only get to Odo, make him see what's going on. Then maybe he could help us. Then what we have to do is warn Starfleet. You're asking me? You're the terrorist, I'm just a bartender. And the news just keeps getting worse.
What happens if I get caught? (Odo and the female shape-shifter Link.) I heard two Cardassian soldiers saying the fleet was completely destroyed. He's only got seven hours before they detonate the minefield and start bringing the reinforcements through the wormhole. Oh great. That would put me out of business altogether. Okay, so we shut down the main computer. How? A bomb? What kind of bomb? The main computer is in the central core. It's too heavily guarded. You'll never be able to smuggle a bomb into there. (Quark leaves) Don't scream. I won't going to hurt you. (She nods and he releases her.) I just have one question. Do you know how to make hasperat soufflé? [Security office] (Quark and Ziyal enter with tray of food.) Lunch for Major Kira. And I can only imagine the slop you served her. What I have here is hasperat soufflé, just the way the Major likes it. Er, is that really necessary? If you insist. You see? Hasperat soufflé, just as I said. Stop poking it. It's very delicate. (The Cardassian leans in closer and continues spearing the food. Ziyal gives him a hypospray and he lands face down in it.) Now you've ruined it. [Holding area] (Kira and Leeta in one cell, Rom and Jake in the other. Jem'Hadar are standing guard.) All right, no one move! It's a surprise to me. Now, just keep calm and stay where you are. Understand? Don't move. You, open the holding cells. I said, open the holding cells. Right. Nobody moves except you. Now open the cells. (The Jem'Hadar look at each other then tense up. Quark kills them both in total surprise.) Yes? Forcefields? (Ziyal takes a disrupter from Quark and blasts the control panel.) Ready and waiting, Chief.
Handsome young man. He must get his looks from his mother's side. Have you had a chance to reconsider my offer? Perfect. I'll handle all the arrangements. I'll put that on your tab. [Turbolift] More flowers up the banister. Raise it. You're up early. I thought writers slept late. Really? How much did you get for it? And they're not paying you? Well then, you have my sympathies and the first round of drinks is on the house. No. It's a figure of speech. Oh, yeah, they're still up there. It's a Klingon bachelor party. You're a writer, use your imagination. [Holosuite cave] (Alexander has passed out.) It's a shame she's about to waste them all on that walking frown she calls a fiancé. She's too good for him. I've said that from the beginning. There's no profit in jealousy. It's not to be quoted either. Haven't you heard? The wedding's off. She says it's because he's a pigheaded, stubborn man who puts tradition before everything else. He says it's because she's a frivolous, emotional woman who refuses to take him or his culture seriously. You can see the problem. Exactly. I'll get the menu. [Worf's cabin] One steak with mushrooms, baked potato, sour cream and chives. One double Altair sandwich, no mustard, two bowls of linguini, Bajoran shrimp and extra cheese. One loaf of mapa bread. They're still squeezing the roots. Unless you want replicated? No refunds for those on the path to Kal'Hyah as well. Sorry. (Worf enters.)
Coming right up. You heard the man. Now leave him be. Sorry about that. People can be so rude. You know, I used to see the Vedek all the time, walking down the Promenade with Major Kira. Never came in here, though. I guess dabo wasn't his game. It's an amazing resemblance. Put you in a Vedek's robe and nobody would know the difference. But not to the paying public. Picture this. You seated here wearing robes. A long line of Bajorans waiting patiently to pay good money just to meet Vedek Bareil, maybe touch his hand. A mere technicality. You're the closest thing to Vedek Bareil they're ever going to see. Which is why they're going to love you. The less, the better. Just nod every once in a while and smile benignly. It's very simple. Later on, once you get the hang of it, you might even throw in a blessing or two. What do you think? That's because you think the same way. Perfect. Then we have a deal? Why? It's a shame to see such a perfect opportunity go to waste. [Promenade] (Bareil stands staring at the Shrine entrance.) [Cargo bay] Major, any idea where they put my shipment of Saurian brandy? (to waiters) You heard her. Your new boyfriend came into my bar today. He's a little different, isn't he. From some of your previous choices. Don't get me wrong, I had nothing against Vedek Bareil or Shakaar, but they were a little too controlled, a little too controlling. They lacked fire, excitement. But this Bareil? He's different. He's full of surprises. Let's just say I like the idea of you with him. But let me tell you something, Major. You'd better brace yourself. You're in for a rough ride. I've been a bartender for a long time. I've seen all sorts of customers. Sad ones, happy ones, complicated ones. He's one of the tormented ones. He had an Orb experience? Interesting. After he left the bar, I saw him hanging around the Bajoran Shrine. He must've been there a couple of hours. Either that or he was figuring out a way to rob the place. What's this, a union meeting? Let's get going. Nice chatting with you, Major. I hope you two are very happy together. [Bareil's quarters] (The Intendant is wearing a Bajoran Major's uniform.)
Looks like your lucky day. Shh. Don't say that. People are trying to have fun. Why are you trying to spoil everyone's good time? Look around, these people are enjoying themselves. Half of them know the odds are against them, but they don't care. They're here because they want to believe they can win. Is that so bad? Why don't you just take your winnings and call it a day? Stop saying that. (And he loses.) Doctor, take it easy. It's just a game. You're not going to cause any more trouble, are you? Risky. I admire your courage. Well, what do you know. We have a winner.
Just set them on the bar. Morn, no touching. You know what this is? Three cases of syrup of squill. No one has. There never was a drought on Balancar. It was all a ploy by their Agricultural Consortium. They've been stockpiling squill so they could drive the price up. I couldn't agree more. You see, I once did business with the nephew of the cousin of the stepsister of a friend of the secretary to the Consortium's chief accountant. Nephew, cousin, stepsister, friend. Yeah, that's right. And he told me, in passing, that the accountant had bought himself a very nice pair of Ferengi rain slippers. My thoughts exactly. So I set up a meeting with this accountant and I told him that he either provide me with a shipment of syrup, or I would expose their deception to the entire quadrant. Tomorrow morning, we are having a special on groatcakes, topped with syrup of squill. That is, for everyone who can afford it. What are you standing around for? Get these crates in the storeroom. This stuff is worth its weight in latinum. Which reminds me of another little economic episode of mine. It happened, say, oh, eleven or twelve years ago, shortly before I came on the station (Dax, O'Brien and Bashir enter) Yes, something's wrong. A bunch of self-satisfied Starfleet officers just stole my audience. There is on Ferenginar. The Nagus calling me now? He must have found out about the squill. I have to send him a jar. No, better make it a dozen. He loves squill. [Conduit] Oh, there you are. I've been looking all over the station for you. Rom, brace yourself. I have bad news. Our mother's been taken prisoner by the Dominion. It gets worse. The Nagus wants me to rescue her. Yeah. Uh oh is right. (Crawling along after the credits.) You mean, how do we plan on rescuing Moogie. Maybe he doesn't, but I do. Besides, Ishka's your mother too. I don't want to die either. So let's just concentrate on the reward the Nagus is offering. Fifty bars of gold pressed latinum. Which I'm willing to share with you. Absolutely. Thirty bars for me and twenty for you. It is when you include my finder's fee. They captured the transport ship she was on. Moogie's an exception. The Nagus gave her special dispensation to travel to Vulcan for her operation. She wanted to have her ears raised. That she was so vain? He certainly is. Brother, there's something I need to tell you It's about the Nagus and Moogie. They're lovers. It's been going on for over a year. She's his secret financial advisor. She helps him run the entire Ferengi Alliance. Would you stop saying that. [Captain's office] (A panel opens in the wall.) We must have taken a wrong turn. Much better. You're right. We're going to need help. Shh. We don't need Nausicaans, Breen or Klingon. We'll just use Ferengi. No, we won't. Ferengi can be just as tough as Klingons. Of course they can. They just need the opportunity, the training, and a couple of bars of latinum as incentive. No, we'll split the reward with whoever joins us. All twenty bars of it. As far as anyone else is concerned, he said twenty. Now the only question is, who's our first recruit? [Promenade - upper level] Not to mention your Nagus. Forget it, Rom. Don't beg. Too bad, though. We were going to make you Strategic Operations officer. Exactly like Commander Worf. Think of it, Nog. You'll devise the tactics, come up with a plan of action. Turn us into soldiers. That's why we need you. Right now? (Quark holds up two fingers. Nog shakes his head and holds up three.) [Quark's quarters] (Quark is dialing a subspace number.) Now remember, Leck is not your typical Ferengi. His priorities are different than ours. No you don't, but you will. I followed your instructions to the letter. It's not that kind of job. Shh. I'm putting together a little rescue mission and I'd like you to be part of my team. You'll be paid in latinum. All right, forget the latinum. I've been told you like the opportunity to test your abilities. Then you should know this. that the person we're going to rescue is being held by the Dominion. Should be quite a challenge. (Transmission ends. That's four.) [Holding cell] (On a Starbase somewhere.) How the mighty have fallen. I hear you were arrested on Thalos Six for vagrancy. Lower the forcefield. (Quark grabs Gaila's lapels) Now what exactly is it you're going to do to me? Earn some latinum. Gentleman, please. Let's not squabble. We're a team, Nog. Stay out of this. Listen to me, Nog. You can't quit. This is not a game. We'll get one. I said we'll get one. We'll find one. I don't know. Think of it as a challenge. (Someone applauds then steps into the light.) What do you want, Brunt? What? You think if you help save my mother, the Nagus will give you your old job back. We're not leaving. Not with you. The team has spoken. Don't move! You're surrounded. (The Jem'Hadar fire. Quark is shot in the leg, Gaila drops his weapon and runs, Rom walks into a wall.) That's enough! Get out of here, all of you. You heard me. Go. We're wasting our time, Rom. We couldn't get anywhere near Moogie, let alone rescue her. And to think, just a few short days ago I was sitting on top of the world. The king of squill. You should've been there, brother. It was a very delicate negotiation. It could've gone either way. But I took my time, picked my moment, then went in for the kill. It was beautiful to behold. And then we make a trade. That way, everyone goes home happy. Captain, I can't thank you enough for all your help. Every negotiation has its share of danger, Captain. I guess it's time for me to pick up my prisoner. Neither am I. [Brunt's ship] (Gaila pushes between Quark and Rom to a seat just between Brunt and Leck, the two pilots.) Everyone, this is Keevan. We're going to trade him for Ishka. Rom, he doesn't care. He means the Infirmary. It's right over there. Two slips of latinum for the first man who makes it to the Infirmary. (off they run) I mean base camp. You do if they're Ferengi. [Empok Nor Infirmary] Cousin! Good idea. How much is this going to cost me? Starfleet has really corrupted you, hasn't it? You could start by getting the external sensors back online. I want to know the minute a Dominion ship gets within ten million kilometres of this station. I'm sorry to hear about that, but it's not my problem. All I want is my Moogie back. Take him in the next room and see that he stays there. They've ruined him. [Empok Nor Infirmary] (The sleeping huddle is woken by a scream.) What was that? The Vorta, where is he? The ship! Going someplace? That's because I had Rom disengage the induction matrix. Because sometimes my brother gets things wrong. [Empok Nor airlock] (Just as Nog and the others finally arrive.) All right, everyone relax. No harm done. We still have our prisoner. (An alarm goes off.) To the Infirmary! Me? Anybody there? Shh. Quiet. What if it's a trap? You think? Right. I'm coming. I'm coming! And you two are coming with me. Rom. [Empok Nor Promenade] (Quark, Rom and Nog step out. Yelgrun - Iggy Pop - is standing with Ishka and two Jem'Hadar, while the rest of the battalion are on the upper level keeping them covered.) I guess that makes this all worthwhile. All in good time. But first, I need some assurances. Well, for one thing, I don't want any Jem'Hadar soldiers on this station. If it makes you feel better, these two can stay. Hold on, I'm not done yet. Then you're going to tell your helmsman to head back to Dominion territory, warp nine. For a few days. That's the idea. You attack the Infirmary and Keevan will be the first to die. Maybe. But before he dies, I'll bet you'll want to know what Dominion secrets he's revealed to the Federation. Anything's possible. We can exchange the prisoners in let's say, half an hour? Yeah, that's blood all right. I don't think so. Family. You understand. Yep. That's what Rom said, twenty. I'm not trying to cheat anyone. Will you stop saying that. No one's hiding and no one's escaping, and no one's surrendering. What's wrong with you people? Have you forgotten the Battle of Prexnak? Ten Ferengi stood alone against two hundred and seventy three Lytasians. The point is, we Ferengi are just as tough as anybody in the galaxy. And this is our chance to prove it once and for all. It always comes down to profit with you people, doesn't it. And that's why I love you. Fifty bars it is, minus my usual finder's fee. Thank you, Doctor Nog. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? I'll try. [Empok Nor Promenade] Wonderful. Keevan. Right. Absolutely. He'll be right out. But first my brother has to run some sensor scans to make sure the Jem'Hadar have really left. I will, in a few minutes. No! I intend to. As soon as my brother completes his sensor scans. That goes for me, too. You see, we're all in agreement. One more thing. The prisoner exchange. I'd like for it to take place outside airlock three. Nothing, except my ship is docked at airlock three. You understand. Ah, well, a sign of the times. [Empok Nor surgery] Nog, you've got five minutes. Yelgrun, you ready? (Quark and Keevan stand at the end of the corridor. Keevan's head is tilted to the right.) On a count of three, we release our prisoners. Agreed? One, two three. (Ishka gets the nod and starts walking. Keevan needs a little shove to stagger forward, stiff-legged, under Nog's remote control.) Straighten him out, straighten him out. Would you please turn him off? We'll take him with us. He'll be our gift to Starfleet. They gave us a Vorta, we'll give them one. I know, I know. You hate us. You'll be the first one I call. (to Nog) If I even think about doing something like this again, shoot me. You tell me. You bet it does. (Quark and Rom follow the others into the airlock, leaving the dead Jem'Hadar and Keevan behind, still bumping into the bulkhead.)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
It's a hologram. Morn's been away on business for the last two weeks. You're slipping, Odo. You should've caught on a lot sooner. That's why. People love him. He's like a mascot. Everyone who comes in here expects to see him, and if they don't, it doesn't feel like home to them. The last time he went away, my sales dropped almost five percent. Do you have any idea how much an interactive holoprojector costs? Besides, it's a relief not to have to listen to him go on. You know Morn. He never shuts up. I'd trade this for the real thing any day. You look like you saw a ghost. Why? This is unbelievable. Look at all these people. If you see anyone empty-handed sell them a bottle of Yridian ale. Tell them it was Morn's favourite. (The waiters disperse.) It's the least I could do. I'll miss him. Sorry. I don't ordinarily imbibe on the job, but maybe a Yridian ale. It was Morn's favourite. What are you looking at? I'll have you know that Morn died without paying this month's tab. We're talking about a lot of money. The man had quite an appetite. You know he had two stomachs to fill. Ever watch him eat? It was a beautiful thing. It's nice to know you're so worried about my welfare. We'll see. You might be surprised. Everyone. Thank you all for coming. It means a great deal to me to see so many people cared about Morn as much as I did. I'll never forget the first time he walked in here and sat down on that very stool. It must have been almost ten years ago. He still had his hair then. I thought he was just another customer passing through. Little did I know he'd become such an important figure in my life, in all our lives. Morn was always someone we could count on for a cheerful smile and an entertaining story. Some of you might be thinking this place won't be the same without him. And it won't. But this was his home. And wherever he is, I'm sure he'd want to know that his favourite bar still echoed with the laughter of his dear friends. This was his chair and I think the greatest tribute we could ever pay him would be to make sure that it's never empty. (Quark gets Mark Allen Shepherd to sit on the chair.) Keep it warm. For Morn. Not now. Me? He left everything to me? Morn. Dear, sweet Morn. [Security office] I did. I was up for hours last night thinking about him. We spent a lot of time together, Odo. We were obviously a lot closer than I ever realised. Is this some kind of joke? According to this, he was broke. How can that be? He paid his bar bill at the end of every month. That kind of money must have come from somewhere. Of course. Inventory. [Cargo bay] I'll unload everything and use the profits to (sniff) Pooh! What's that smell? What's in the rest of these? That's it? That's all he had? Objets d'art. Of course. I'll hold an auction. People will pay a premium to own something that used to be Morn's. [Morn's quarters] (There's a tub of bubbling hot mud and the picture of a matador from In The Cards on the wall - and that's it.) You sure these are the right quarters? Figures. What's that? No, that. Morn slept in mud? Thanks, Morn. Just what I always wanted. (A woman pops up from the mud, gasping.) What are you doing in my mud? Who are you? Morn was married? To you? That's nice. Everything? (She stands up. The mud comes up to her waist.) I'm glad you came by, because Morny didn't leave me much of anything else. I'm as disappointed as you are. If you're partial to mud, it's comfortable all right. A thousand bricks? What do you think? I'm looking for the latinum. I didn't even know it existed until you told me. How do we know he didn't spend it already? I know what you're doing. Just so we're clear, the latinum's mine. Maybe. It is a lot of money. Morn would have wanted it that way. The latinum's not on the station. I looked everywhere. Evade. I even had my brother scan for it with the internal sensors. Oh, forget the painting. I want that latinum. Believe me, it will. This is the break I've been waiting for, and it's been a long time in coming. I want Morn's money, I need Morn's money, I deserve Morn's money. Beautiful, isn't it? And the way it picks up the light I wonder who came up with the idea of suspending liquid latinum inside worthless bits of gold? Where do you think Morn put it all? I agreed to pay her ten percent so she wouldn't tie me up in court. What could I do? Retreat. Neither do I. But that doesn't mean I'm going to keep her away from my lobes. Not me. What a pleasant surprise. Computer, lights. (It's a mean looking alien, and another behind Quark.) Only pleasant ones. What are you doing in my quarters? If you've come for the memorial service, it was yesterday. It was lovely. That's right. Your brother mentioned that. How much money are we talking about? I had a feeling you were going to say that. I need to see some documentation regarding this loan. I'm sure he would. But you have to understand, Morn's assets are all tied up in various enterprises. All I meant was that it'll take me a little while to get it. Of course. You're not the first creditors to make a claim against his estate. Morn was expanding his business interests when he died. His resources were stretched somewhat thin. As a result, the claims against the estate are greater than its assets. Obviously you can't expect full repayment. A percentage. Twenty. I'll make it thirty, and I'll throw in a shipment of Livanian beets. Forty, and because I can see you both have fine taste, I'm willing to part with this. One of Morn's most treasured possession. Beautiful, isn't it? Forty's the best I can do. Sorry. (The painting ends up around Quark's neck.) Fifty it is. Me too. Me? Don't be ridiculous. (Krit and Nahsk leave.) (Quark spots something in the torn canvas - a computer chip.) What do we have here? Computer, what is this? A storage locker! Thank you, computer. You've been very helpful. Morn, wherever you are, I love you! [Security office] What do you mean I have to open it in here? There's no such regulation. You just want to know what's inside. You are so transparent. I can't wait to see your face when your deputies wheel in my thousand bricks of latinum. (A deputy carries in a small box.) That can't be it. Well, sometimes good things come in small packages. (The box contains one single shiny brick.) It's covered. There's more where this came from. Take a look. On the bottom. (Odo looks) Recognise Morn's handwriting? Account number CJ5-74-36. Who cares? Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to contact the bank and let them know Morn's legal heir would like his latinum delivered as soon as possible. [Corridor] (With the brick snuggled up against his heart.) Larell. I'm a busy man. Actually, I haven't had much luck with that. Oh, I'm motivated, believe me. It's just that it's going to take some time to locate, that's all. I have an idea. Why don't you go back to wherever you come from and I'll contact you as soon as I find it. This is not a good time for oo-mox. It's not that, it's just that the sooner I find that certain something, the sooner we can take our little trip together. You don't make it easy. [Turbolift] Good morning. Level seventeen. (The brick has gone.) You're good. But I'm the only one the bank's going to give the money to. CJ5-74-36. CJ5-74 (Krit and Nahsk enter and grab Quark.) This is my stop. No hard feelings. Don't mention it. I noticed. I think I do, yes. Don't worry, things are going to go your way soon. I'll keep in touch. CJ5-74-36. CJ5-74-36. Bank of Bolias. (A weapon is jabbed into his back.) All right, how much do you want? And don't ask for the full thousand bricks, I already gave away more than half of it. What are you talking about? Go? Where? Who are you? What did I do? What's the charge? Government property? Wait a minute. Morn won that latinum in the Lissepian lottery. He didn't? Why would the Royal family of Luria give Morn that kind of money? Morn was a prince? Morn was a prince? Morn was a prince. Well I always knew he was an idiot. He left it to me. Oh. Do me a favour. Don't tell his ex-wife. I'm going to need a little oo-mox later. Larell. I just saw her. Is something wrong? She's always been nice to me. What do I have to do? She'll turn up sooner or later. If not her, then those two brothers. They said they were Morn's business partners. They claimed he owed them money. Something tells me they were not exactly above board. And I won't let anything get between me and my reward. Then what? Anybody here? (Yes.) What a surprise. Who? Brothers? That could be them. Believe me, I'm not planning to. Sounds like they're trying to bypass the lock. Come on. (Quark and Larell hide.) Computer, dim the lights. Remind me to invest in a better lock. (Krit and Nahsk enter.) (mimes) Stay here. (Quark goes to meet his guests.) Gentlemen. The latinum's on its way. It'll be here tomorrow. You never know who's going to drop by. Sounds like they're coming in anyway. You'd be more comfortable in there. I dozed off. It's been one of those days. What would we have need to talk about? What makes you ask that? I'll bet the Royal family sleeps soundly knowing you're on the job. You know each other. What's going on here? I guess that means he wasn't a Prince after all. And you're not a security agent. And you're not really his ex-wife. Please, please don't tell me Morn didn't have any latinum. At least that part is true. Who hasn't? While the whole planet was celebrating, someone broke into the Central Bank and made off with one thousand bricks of gold pressed latinum. Wait a minute. You expect me to believe that the four of you pulled that off? Why did you take so long to come after him? The voice of reason. Wait a minute. You can't kill me. I'm the only one who can take delivery of the latinum. You need my thumbprint. We could split the latinum five ways. That's what you would've gotten if Morn was still alive. Think of me as Morn. I can't believe I just said that. Maybe not, but the bottom line is you need me. So, do we have a deal? Okay. The Bolian transport arrives tomorrow at sixteen hundred. We'll meet at the cargo bay. We are? I see your point. But I have a bar to run. Don't mention it. He used to sit right there. He was the trusting type. Don't look at me. We're closed. Friends of Morn. We're commiserating. Oh, until about sixteen hundred hours tomorrow. We have a lot to commiserate about. Where were we? [Cargo bay] (A large crate has been delivered.) There it is, right on time. I believe that's for me. (Quark puts his thumb on the manifest PADD and security leave.) I'll count it (Behind him, Larell and Hain pull weapons on Krit and Nahsk, and vice versa. Quark backs out until his head is between all four weapons.) All right, somebody else count it. Go ahead, kill each other. (A phaser beam cuts through the middle of the crate.) Are they gone? For how long? Then it's mine, all mine. (Quark picks up two bricks.) What you're about to hear is the most beautiful sound in the galaxy. (Quark taps the bricks together. They clunk. Quark smashes the bricks and they crumble to dust.) That can't be! There's no latinum in these bricks! Someone's extracted all the latinum. There's nothing here but worthless gold. No! No! No! [Quark's] (Quark stops polishing the bar and tries to rip Morn's stool out of the floor.) What? What do you want? I thought you said they were all going to prison. Morn? Well? No! I don't want to hear it. Not one word. You set me up. You left the latinum to me because you knew I would do whatever it would take to get my hands on it. You figured I could keep the four of them off balance long enough for them to turn on themselves. This whole thing was a scam to get them off your back, wasn't it. (A nod) I could have been killed, you know. And I thought we were friends. I have to admit, I didn't suspect for a minute. To tell you the truth, I didn't think you had it in you to pull off something like this. I just have one question for you. What happened to the latinum? (Morn looks around, picks up a glass and regurgitates a drop of glistening mercury-like liquid.) Of course. Your second stomach. You've been keeping it in your second stomach all these years? That's a lot of latinum. No wonder your hair fell out. (Morn gives Quark the glass.) For me? That must be a hundred bricks worth. I don't know what to say. Thanks. Not that I didn't earn it after all you put me through. If you ever want to set me up again, feel free. You know, you and I should consider doing business together. Two enterprising gentlemen like us could do all right for ourselves. Take that gold dust of yours. It doesn't have to be a total loss. I hear there're some primitive cultures who consider it quite valuable. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I didn't want to say anything, but you do look a little on the petite side. And they say you don't have a sense of humour. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Major, I'm sorry There's something wrong with There's something wrong with the fire suppression system in the bar. Every time I serve a flaming cocktail, the system engages and snuffs it out. Please do. You have no idea what people are willing to pay for a glass of burning alcohol. He must have left my idiot brother in charge. We've got to do something. This can't go on. [Captain's office]
Is that a joke? Evade. Pretty big talk for a woman who's lost fifty strips. Perish the thought. I just hate to kick somebody when they're down. I'll buy at a hundred and confront. Unbelievable! [Quark's cafe] Is he a friend of yours? I'm afraid I'm going to have to disappoint all your fans. (Quark puts down his cards.) Thirty six strips of gold pressed latinum. This is a Ferengi only game, gentlemen. She's an exception. The only exception. I'm afraid you'll embarrass yourself and ruin the game for the rest of us. Don't try and scare me with that genetically engineered intellect of yours, Doctor. Tongo is more than just number crunching. They have yet to create the computer that can master this game. You realise we're not playing for drinks. This is a high stakes game. Gentlemen? All right. The buy in is five strips, and you're dealing. (There are only six strips in the case.) You're a quick study, Doctor, I'll give you that. I would never say something so distasteful during a game. Of course. Evade. Dax was a quick study too. She told me it only took her two weeks to win her first match. That's practically unheard of. Interesting. She certainly did the unexpected when she married Commander Boring. When they first started seeing each other, I thought this can't last. I give it two months. I'll buy at four hundred and sell at five. She's a real heartbreaker, that one. Leverage the buy in and sell at five fifty. You know, you go through a lot of ups and downs in my business. There are days when the profits are down and the customers are scarce and you think you'll never see another strip of latinum again. And then Jadzia comes in and flashes that smile of hers. Suddenly things don't seem so bad after all. Shh. And now she's married. Out of reach. I'm converting my reserves and selling at six hundred. You know what's really sad, what really keeps me awake at night? She's out of reach because we let her go. Chief, please. You know the rules. No coaching during a round. You're probably right. But what if that's a convenient rationalisation? What if deep down in our heart of hearts we both know she's something unique, something we may never see again. A chance at true happiness and we let her slip through our fingers. What if fifty years from now we each look back and say, what a fool I was. Confront. Doctor? Confront. Total monopoly. You seem to be out of money. Thanks for the game. Welcome back anytime. Doctor, you don't expect me to show you all my cards, do you? (Quark goes off with his winnings.)
Commander, your holosuite is ready. No party? Don't mention it, Major. Glad to be of help.
I'm sure it's all a mistake. Isn't it? [Security office]
How do I look? I'm a man who just had a brush with death. Superficial? Do you know how much this shirt cost? You bet I do. Are you offering me a bribe? I knew it. Captain, I've always liked you. I suspected that somewhere deep down in your heart of hearts there was a tiny bit of Ferengi just waiting to get out. Well, let's start with replacing my clothes and M'Pella's clothes. I'm not finished. I think I should be compensated for the loss of business I suffered today, which I calculate as no less than five bars of gold pressed latinum. I'm also having a problem with station security. They're holding some cargo containers which I've been waiting for because of some missing import licence or something. No. I think we can call it a bribe. And thank you, Captain. Thank you for restoring my faith in the ninety eighth Rule of Acquisition. Every man has his price. [Sisko's quarters]
I don't know why you're so surprised. What did you expect was going to happen? I see. How long has it been since Shakaar and Major Kira broke up? It's been over a year. You've had plenty of time to arrange a merger with Kira. But in all that time, have you even tried to open negotiations? No. Odo, the woman waited a year for you to make an offer, any kind of an offer. Face it, you've had plenty of opportunities and you've let them all slip away. You did. I came here to talk about a missing shipment of groat clusters. You're the one that started talking about the Major. You want my advice? Make it easy on both of us. Forget all about her. I'd like to see someone do better. You're not exactly the most lovable person in the galaxy. You're not even the most lovable person in this sector, or on the station. Or even in this room. You're cold, rigid, remote. Can I leave now? Odo, make up your mind. You're up late, Doctor. I've got just the thing. One Warp Core Breach coming right up. (He puts dry ice into a goldfish bowl, followed by coloured liquids.) A few sips of this and you'll be relaxed for the next three days. The holosuite? Sorry, Doctor, all the holosuites are in use. It's been that kind of a night. I'm afraid there won't be one available for the rest of this evening. Have fun. [Las Vegas lounge] (Odo and Vic have just finished another number.)
Odo believes in preparing for the worst. He's as bad as the Bajorans. Business hasn't been this slow since the Dominion was here. You know, I feel I have a civic duty to do something about all this doom and gloom, which is why I want to tell you that I've extended happy hour. From now on, every hour is happy hour. At least until business picks up. Eat, drink and be merry. I like the way you think, Doctor. (Quark leaves.)
Like you care. (reads order) Fizz, froth, flip, finial, foam and flare. What's going on at that table, anyway? A problem? No. Can't be. If there were a problem, I would have submitted an emergency maintenance request this morning. And if I had done that, Chief O'Brien would have assured me that Rom would fix it right away. Then, of course, Rom would have then promised me that Nog would fix it before the end of the day. And since this is the end of the day and there is no Nog in sight, we can only draw one conclusion. That I don't have a problem. You're quick today. You? Why? But that's work for a mechanic, a repairman, a lowly engineer. A Supernova and a silven surprise. She can't do this. It's not right. She's above this sort of thing. Those hands weren't meant to be poking around inside a filthy drink replicator. (Dax pulls some green gunk out of the innards.) They were meant for higher pursuits. That is the most ridiculous thing you've said this last year. Really. I don't know what you're talking about. And since you're not going to order something, would you please step aside so that I can do my job.
I am truly impressed. And I'm not easily impressed. In all my years as proprietor of Quark's Bar, Grill, Gaming House and Holosuite Arcade, I have never seen such a glowing employee performance report. I mean, look at this. In three months, no customer has filed a single complaint against you. You haven't spilled a drink, mixed up a food order or short-changed a bill. And yet you always manage to wear a friendly smile. And it shows. The customers love you. Your fellow dabo girls love you. Even the Ferengi waiters sing your praises. And you know why? Because you're nice. You're nice to the customers. You're nice to the dabo girls. You're nice to the Ferengi waiters. You're nice to everyone. Almost everyone. Look closely, Aluura. Can't you see the pain in my eyes? I think you could be nicer. It's a quick read. Let's face it. The customers, the dabo girls, the Ferengi waiters, they didn't hire you. And they can't fire you. Read the book. (Rom enters.) Go away. I'm in the middle of a meeting. So is this meeting. How many times have I told you not to mention Moogie when I'm working. She's probably off visiting the Grand Nagus. They're probably on vacation. Now leave me alone. I'm trying to concentrate. All right. We will continue this later. In the meantime, you have some reading to do. We'll see. [Ops] Why can't we get through to Ferenginar? We don't know that, Rom. But something is definitely wrong on Ferenginar. It's good to see you too, Nagus. I was worried, too. He's right. What if one of my Ferengi waiters sees you? Would somebody please tell me what's going on? That can't be the good news. If Ferengi females can wear clothes in public, then they can leave their homes. If they can leave their homes, they can go to work. If they can go to work, they can make profit. You're sure that's the good news? Females? A valuable resource? Better tell me the bad news. It might cheer me up. If there's trouble on Ferenginar, what are you doing here? Then who is? Brunt. I still can't believe it. Brunt is the new Nagus? For three more days. Then it becomes official. Oh, they'll love that. Don't look at me. It was your amendment. (Rom enters with Nog and Leeta.) Good afternoon, I'm calling on behalf of Grand Nagus Zek. You'll be presented with some very interesting financial data. No, not Brunt. Who said he was dead? I know all about the ninety fourth Rule of Acquisition. Hello? Hello? I beg your pardon? That female happens to be my mother! Hello? [Quark's] All four hundred and thirty two of them. The Chairman of Slug-o-Cola. Why would Nilva agree to come to the meeting? That's it. Get out of my bar. Acting Nagus. You may liquidate us tomorrow, but right now this is still my establishment. Now get out before I kick you out. Out. (Brunt and Uri'lash leave.) I just kicked the Grand Nagus out of my bar. Whatever. I need to lie down. [Rom's quarters] Busy? Me? Nah. I'm just lying here wondering if it's not too late for me to start a new life somewhere. I'm sorry. I stand corrected. Whatever you say. Moogie, leave me alone. Try. Now what? We're all facing banishment from Ferengi society and he wants to play tongo? How can you eat at a time like this? You want tube grubs? Fine. Enjoy. You know, this is all your fault. I'm not talking about tube grubs. I'm talking about Ferengi females wearing clothes and earning profit. I'm talking about Grand Nagus Brunt. You're not fooling me, Moogie. You've been plotting this all along. Ever since you met Zek, you've been working on him, manipulating him, whispering things in his ear. Things like equality for females. I'll tell you what's wrong with that. You've ruined Zek's life, your life, Rom's life. You bet I'm worried. Nobody else seems to care what happens to me. You come here to my station, take over my quarters, make me a part of your subversive schemes. I don't want anything to do with Brunt. I want my old Nagus back. I want Zek to be the way he used to be, before he met you, before you twisted his thinking with your feminine wiles. But he was rich. He was the most powerful Ferengi alive. Now what is he? A puppet. And you're the one pulling the strings, making him dance to your evil, feminist tune. You're the worst thing that ever happened to Zek. You're the worst thing that ever happened to me. In fact, you're the worst thing that ever happened to the entire Ferengi Alliance. Don't forget miserable. Is that the best you can do? Go ahead. Say it. I'm still waiting. A what! (Ishka suddenly falls backwards onto the floor.) Moogie. Moogie? Moogie! Moogie. Moogie. Moogie! [Infirmary] She's not going to die. She's going to get better. What did I do? I told you. She said she was hungry. I gave her some tube grubs. She thanked me, and then she collapsed. I wish you'd stop making me relive it. I don't want to talk about it anymore. (Bashir is in the background, in red C24 scrubs.) I haven't done anything wrong! Will she live? I wonder what she means by that? [Quark's] And then I accused her of being the worst thing that ever happened to the Ferengi Alliance and she clutched her chest and collapsed. Moogie and I argue all the time. It's our way of showing affection. I'm sorry. What about her? We'll never get one here in time. You mean a hologram? What could be better than a hologram? (soft voice.) Tell me about it. Well, how do I look? Nice? That's all? I'm trying! I mean, I'm trying. I need to see what I look like. Someone get me a mirror. (Maihar'du gets a cheval mirror from behind a curtain.) Take it away, take it away. I'm sorry. I just feel so different. I'm not staring at my chest, I'm staring at my hips. Aren't they too big? Female apparel for a new source of latinum for a new Ferenginar. Hypicate cream for smooth skin and healthier profits. All these facts and figures. They're too much for me to remember. What's wrong with my walk? This is never going to work. He's the one who should be wearing the dress. Maybe it's not too late. Come on, brother, I'll take you to Doctor Bashir. Looks like your stupidity has saved you again. I can do this. Its only one meeting. I can be a female for one meeting, can't I? I'll conduct the meeting sitting down. Not to me. (The door opens.) But he's not supposed to arrive until tomorrow. I can't meet Nilva now, I'm still lumbering. Lumba? Any other comments? My name is Lumba. You must be Chairman Nilva. Zek has told me so much about you. Ow. It's these earrings. They're killing me. Do I have to wear them? I'm going to bed. I'm exhausted. If I don't get any sleep I'll never make it through tomorrow's meeting. (Doorbell.) Lumba. With me? Not really. And I'll tell you why. Because under all these clothes, I know I'm totally naked. I was hoping you were going to ask me that. You see this dress I'm wearing? Have you any idea how much it would sell for on Ferenginar? (The rest of the gang are watching from the balcony.) Which means they're going to need jobs. Which means Ferenginar will be expanding its work force and its consumer base at the same time. When it comes to profit, I'm your girl. And I'm sure you could use some extra latinum. I read the beverage trades. Sales of Slug-o-Cola have flattened out and Eelwasser had a very impressive third quarter. I know a way you can increase sales of Slug-o-Cola by fifty to sixty percent. Target the new female consumer. Make Slug-o-Cola her drink. But you're not encouraging her either. The slimiest cola in the galaxy. That kind of slogan doesn't appeal to women. Let me see. Slug-o-Cola contains forty three percent live algae, right? Well, how about something like, Drink Slug-o-Cola and keep your teeth a sparkling shade of green. For a female? Good idea. (Nilva stands and offers his hand.) I thought we were going to have dessert? Enticing? Me? Don't be silly. Maybe a little too stimulating. I'll take your word for it. I lied. (Quark goes behind a curtain.) Stay away! Stay away! I don't think your wife would approve. I can tell. What you need is a cold shower. What if I told you I hate Slug-o-Cola. Stay away. (Quark climbs on a table.) Or I'll jump. I'm trying. Do I look like a man? Don't listen to him, hot lobes. I'm as female as they come and I'll prove it to you. (Quark kisses Nilva.) Well? Oh, all right. (With his back to us, Quark opens his dress to show Nilva his full monty.) Now are you sure? It was a gift. Poor Nilva. Such a lovely man, but so lonely. There was a sweetness to him, and also a strength. Sometimes he'd get this little glint in his eye. You know what I mean. You're mocking me, aren't you? I've only been a male again for six hours. My hormones must still be out of balance. My emotions are raging out of control. Would you mind giving me a hug? Just a small one. (Odo nods, Quark rushes into his arms, crying.) Thank you. (Odo spots Morn watching and breaks it up. Zek, Ishka, Rom and Maihar'du enter.) Will you forgive me, Moogie? It made me more compassionate, more empathetic, more nurturing. I feel like I'm trapped in my worst nightmare. Aluura. What book? You shouldn't be wasting your time reading that kind of trash. Forget what I told you. It was wrong and I apologise. You are a wonderful employee and I'm lucky to have you working for me. In fact, as of today, I'm giving you a raise. Another two slips of latinum a week. It's the least I can do. All right, make it three. Then what? That is exactly the way I feel about it. (Aluura leaves him.) What am I saying? Aluura? Wait. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Sorry to interrupt, Chief, but your time is up. These gentlemen have a reservation. They seem to have their hearts set on some afternoon carnage now. Let me buy you gentlemen a drink. I'm sorry, little lady. (Molly bites Quark's arm then gets blocked by the Klingons.)
Do you know how much they cost? What danger? Nonsense. His body weight is perfectly distributed across the seat. He's also better able to enjoy the view of the lovely dabo girls than he was before. And should he require another drink he need only spin back. This isn't going to give anybody vertigo. (Quark sets Morn spinning on his stool.) Did you notice how he changed the minute she walked in the room? And what's love? Love's a distraction. And a distracted policeman is an opportunity. Captain's log, stardate 51948.3. With the safe arrival of convoy PQ One in the Vegan System, our escort duties are now complete and I've set course for home. [Mess hall] I hope you're satisfied. I'm sure nothing gives you more pleasure than stifling my creativity. Oh yeah? Let's see how creative you are. Have you picked out the Major's gift yet? For this Saturday. You do know what Saturday is, right? Yes. It's the one month anniversary of your first date with Major Kira. And you haven't picked out a gift. The man's experienced unrequited love for the better part of three years and now that he finally has her, he wants to know why he should celebrate their anniversary. You think I'm going to get involved? No, thank you. The last thing I want to deal with is a panicked lover looking for a gift at the last minute. There's a whole Promenade of shopkeepers out there if you want to buy a gift. (Quark goes back to serving.) I tell you, you write it down, the next thing I know I'm in a holding cell. Right. Lesson number one. No one involved in an extralegal activity thinks of themselves as nefarious. I'm a businessman, okay? Now, if you're interested in learning more about my business, I think that could be arranged. But nothing you see or hear turns up in print. And none of it, none of it gets back to your father, understand? Excuse me, coming through. Excuse me. Excuse me. Odo? Can I see it? (It's a necklace.) Oh, very nice. The Major's going to love it. How are going to give it to her? What sort of evening do you have planned? Fortunately for you, there's still time. (pulls out the box of holosuite rods) Pick one. It's your anniversary. You have to do something special. Have it your way, but if it was me and I had found true love after a lifetime of searching, every month would be worth celebrating. Looks like the Constable's going to be busy Saturday night. I guess that means he won't be following me around the station, or watching the airlocks for wanted criminals, or monitoring the cargo bays for illegal transactions. Deputies I can handle. With Odo out of the way my biggest problem will be deciding what to do with all the money I'm about to make! [Medical bay] You have my personal assurance they're high quality crystals. And you won't get them at this price anywhere else in the quadrant. (Jake coughs as Odo comes down the stairs.) Five days, cargo bay three. See you then. Ah. Paris, Nineteen twenty eight. Nice choice. Say what you will about humans today, their past was certainly romantic. You mean Saturday. But Saturday's the anniversary of your first date. Your first kiss? Come on. Come on. My partner. I can't get him on the channel. He's changed his comm. system protocols. He's a wanted man, Jake. He has to be very careful about how often he uses subspace. The authorities might try and trace his signal. I have no way of contacting him until he gets here Saturday night. Haven't you been paying attention? If he even sets foot on the station while Odo's on duty, we'll both be in a holding cell faster than you can say criminal conspiracy. I think my best option is panic. [O'Brien's cabin] Beautiful, aren't they? Do you know how much I was going to get for these? Almost two hundred bars. No kidding that's a lot. Now, they're just a crate full of junk. No, he'll find out. Odo would love nothing more than to see me in jail. And after all I did for him. Like helping him find true love. That's right. If it wasn't for me, he and Major Kira would've never gotten together in the first place. I was there for him during all the heartache and lonely nights when he was wallowing in misery because she was still seeing Shakaar. I told him to make his move. I told him not to give up. I was there for him. And what did I get out of it? Nothing. He still spies on me, he still bothers me about minor infractions of the law, and he still can't wait for the opportunity to send me to prison. I should have remembered the two hundred and eighty fifth Rule of Acquisition. No good deed ever goes unpunished. (Quark puts the case into a crate, and they leave. A pair of barrels morph into Odo.) [Quark's] To failure. Jake, in ten minutes my business partner's ship will dock. In fifteen minutes, Odo will arrest him. In twenty minutes, my name will come up, and in twenty five minutes Odo will walk in here with a warrant. I think you should humour me on this one. (Odo and Kira enter in 1920's evening dress.) You would? It's, er, it's all yours. Odo, have a good time. I don't believe it. I'm going to win this one, Jake. You know what the best part is? I beat Odo. I finally beat him. Jake, I did it. I beat him. (Going upstairs.)
For an hour and forty five minutes? And I'm worried the kid'll end up looking like his father. It's bad enough she married that Klingon psychopath. That their marriage is going to last a lot longer than we thought. [Captain's office] What is he, a telepath? You have any idea what he's talking about? That's it? That's supposed to cheer us up? You feel any better? I guess. I like this place. I may drop by more often.
So am I, but you don't see me busting up the joint. She should have been. They can't quit. They're holograms. So, what did you find out? Yeah, yeah, but what did you and Worf talk about? Because some day that crazy Klingon may get tired of smashing up a holosuite bar and decide to come down here and smash up a real one. What does any of that have to do with Jadzia? You mean Klingon heaven? What would she be doing there? She wasn't a Klingon. She always was a little squeamish. You mean being murdered by a Pah wraith in cold blood doesn't count? I could let him beat me at tongo. Why does everything with Klingons have to involve bloodshed? Sounds good to me. I don't see why you two are so happy. An entire Klingon fleet failed to destroy the Dominion shipyards at Monac Four. What makes you think one ship will do any better? If you ask me, it's not a mission, it's suicide. Why? You're not going. What makes you think she wants to spend eternity there? I know I certainly wouldn't. Imagine what it must be like, hoards of rampaging Klingons fighting and singing, sweating and belching. Would you want to spend eternity here? You're going with him? You're both touched. You want to get Jadzia into Sto-vo-kor? Fine, fine, I'm all for it. But can't you do something more sensible? Make a donation in her name or bribe someone?
Quark, son of Keldar. Did I come at a bad time? Same thing you are. I'm volunteering for this mission. True, but I loved Jadzia as much as anyone in this room. With maybe one or two exceptions. And I am willing to pledge my life to see that she gets into Sto-vo-kor. I wouldn't go that far. So why all the cutlery? Can't you just take my word for it? (So Martok cuts Quark's hand for him) Oww! That hurts. The sun? I thought we were trying to destroy a shipyard. Do you understand what he's talking about? Fine, then you explain it. The things we do for love. Did you see that? The way he glared at me. Well I'm sick of it. We're risking our lives to help Jadzia get into Sto-vo-kor. The very least Worf could do is show us some appreciation. Is it so hard to say thank you? Nice try, Doctor, but I want to hear it from him. Do what? All I'm asking for is two little words. That's two words all right. Just not the two I was hoping for. I don't believe it. Gagh for breakfast, gagh for lunch, gagh for dinner. Am I the only one who thinks Klingon menus need to have more variety? All right, all right, I get the point. But I'm telling you, I think some of those Klingons agreed with me. What's the matter? Come up with a few more insults to throw at us? I'm listening. I get it. You were jealous because she liked us better than you. Go on. I don't know about you, but I was hoping for something a little more intriguing. You know, like Jadzia used to call my name out when she slept, or wanted to name her first child after me. How close do we have to get to that? Take me out of the oven, Moogie. I'm cooked. Sto-vo-kor, here we come. [Isolation Ward] (The doctor is offering Benny a roller of white paint.) Oh well, we tried. Time to go. Then what are you waiting for? Fire! Great. Now can we leave? I hope Jadzia appreciates all this. She's so much shorter.
That's the good stuff. Same vintage I served when you and Worf got married. It used to be your favourite. I can imagine. Seven lifetimes worth of memories would mix up anyone. Or is it eight? It'll be a lot easier once you get settled in. Have you picked out your quarters yet? You're a therapist? Oh, it's just you're so young. Why are you in such a hurry to leave? Why not stay for a while and get to know your old friends again. She and I were close, I don't see any reason why we shouldn't be close too. Remember all those late night tongo games? I don't think so. Your memory's playing tricks on you. Look who's here. (Worf is in the doorway.) I bet the two of you have a lot to talk about. (Worf leaves.) [Captain's office] So what do you think? About her. Dax. Meaning what? Oh, come on, Doctor. I know the way you felt about Jadzia. She's the next best thing. So, are you interested? It's not every day you get a second chance with a woman. She's still Dax, isn't she? Well, that's good enough for me. Ready for a little competition? And you are going to lose. [Garak's shop] I knew it. Never get a tympanic tickle from an amateur. It's What did I do? [Garak's shop] (Ezri comes down the Promenade stairs to see Garak ripping a dress apart.) I took the liberty of putting together a plate for you. Good question. Excuse me. (Quark takes the plate back.)
Idiotic, is what it is. You're going to make a fool out of yourself. And you can barely spin a dabo wheel, much less kick a ball around a field. You won't make the team. I don't have the slightest interest in this human game. What time are tryouts? (lying on his stomach) I don't know what you're complaining about. At least you didn't require major surgery. It is if the bones are in the back of your skull. I hope you've learned your lesson. Sisko was just blowing off steam. He'll get over it. And me. Faster! Come on, come on! Faster! Come on. Faster. Oh, yeah, good. [Ballpark] (Bashir and Ezri are running to the same place in the outfield) So, what are we going to do about it? Oh, you've got to be kidding. We've got a man on third. We could score. I'm way ahead of you, Captain. And just a touch of jealousy. All that intelligence and he still doesn't know what a human looks like.
Well, hasn't this been fun. Why not take a seat and top off the evening with a lovely bottle of spring wine? Did I mention that the wine was on the house? This way. This way. Excuse me please. Excuse me. Ezri, over here.
Chief, how much longer is the Promenade going to be closed? My bar is empty, my waiters are bored and I'm losing money. Are you threatening me? As spokesman for the Promenade Merchant's Association, I'm going to file an official protest with Captain Sisko. I'll go find a PADD. (Quark leaves.)
No. Nothing. (Quark goes back to the bar.) It's Ezri. She, she, I can't even say it. She wants to get back together with Worf. [Klingon mess hall] Wait. I have something to say. Now, you may think this is none of my business, but someone has to speak up and I've decided that someone is me. So here it is. I'll just say it. You're making a mistake by pursuing another relationship with Worf. You heard me. I know how Jadzia felt about Worf, but that was her life, not yours. You're Ezri Dax. You need to give yourself a chance to explore other relationships. You're young and beautiful and full of life. Why go after a man who's only a memory to you? I've had my problems with Worf, I'll admit that, but this is not about me or my feelings. This is about you. Worf has done nothing and I mean nothing to deserve you. Shouldn't you try and find someone who's willing to win your heart, not just inherit it? You deserve better. There. I've said my piece. Oh. Well, good. Coming right up. (Quark goes to Jake at the other end of the bar.) Did you hear that? She called me sweetheart. She loves me. Sweetheart. She loves me. [Klingon mess hall] (Kor is at the table, alone, eating soup.)
Why me? Why did he have to send me? I'm like a son to him. I'm sorry. It's just not fair. I have responsibilities of my own. Customers who depend on me. Some assignment. A fact finding mission to the front lines. Zek's already inundated with Starfleet intelligence reports. What can I tell him that he doesn't know? Then let him ask Nog. What are you trying to do, cheer me up? Only from a distance. The closer you are to the front lines, the less profitable it gets. (BOOM) What is that? Wait. Don't leave. [Defiant corridor] (More booms. Quark bumps into Worf) I thought the Chin'toka system was in Federation hands. Thank you. I should probably write this down. [Bridge] (Quark and Worf enter as a Jem'Hadar ship goes KaBOOM.) I'm, er, visiting. Not really. I just came by to say hello to my nephew. Anybody here who'd like to join me in the mess hall for a raktajino? I'm just leaving. (Quark leaves.) Not much to look at, is it? (Phaser fire makes them stay behind the big rocks.) Nog, shouldn't you be helping Doctor Bashir unload the supplies? Good. The sooner we get out of here, the better. So? Mail order? And you find that impressive? I don't think so. Take a look around you, Nog. This isn't the Starfleet you know. Maybe, but I still don't want you anywhere near them. Let me tell you something about humans, nephew. They're a wonderful, friendly people as long as their bellies are full and their holosuites are working. But take away their creature comforts, deprive them of food, sleep, sonic showers, put their lives in jeopardy over an extended period of time, and those same friendly, intelligent, wonderful people will become as nasty and as violent as the most bloodthirsty Klingon. You don't believe me? Look at those faces. Look in their eyes. You know I'm right, don't you? Well? Aren't you going to say something? Is it over? Here. You need to keep your strength up. What's the matter? Afraid of looking weak in front of the humans? At the price of your soul? Look at you. You hold that phaser rifle as if it were made of pure latinum. You're a Ferengi and I wish you'd start acting like one. I'll tell you one thing, nephew. If the Federation had listened to the Ferengi Alliance there never would have been a war. No, we would have reached an accommodation. We would have sat across the negotiation table and hammered out a peace treaty. One that both sides could lived with. Rule of Acquisition one twenty five. You can't make a deal if you're dead. Hold on a minute. Why Nog, when you have all these veterans to choose from? Nog, wait a minute. That is so easy for you to say, but I bet you wouldn't send Jake out there. Nog! What happened? The doctor doesn't want anybody in there. It's a little late for you to care about that, isn't it? He's going to lose his leg. Does that answer your question? [Base camp] Now what happens? You will be able to replace the leg, won't you? What's that supposed to mean? We've got to get Nog to a hospital. That's not good enough. Sorry? If you really cared about Nog you would never have sent him out on that patrol.
What can I get for you? Since when do you drink springwine, or anything else, for that matter?
How can hiding in one of Julian's adolescent programmes be a good sign? It sounds ridiculous. And who's going to pay for all this holosuite time? I guess I am. You're joking. I don't think I'll need to. (Nog comes down the stairs.)
All right, together now. Now lift! Oh, I noticed. (Rom then Quark come out carrying a heavy invisible object between them.)
Gentlemen, your holosuite is ready. Ezri? I think you need a vacation. You're talking to yourself. Can I get you a drink or something to eat? Well, when you are, you know where to come. (Quark goes back to his cafe.)
Who ordered the vilm steak? Whatever you say. (Quark leaves) Odo. I heard about your friend. Rumour has it the Klingons want to put him on trial. You're probably right. That fog episode certainly didn't help matters. You never pulled a stunt like that. You're smart enough to know that people don't want to be reminded that you're different. Who wants to see somebody turn into goo? I hope you don't do that around Kira. If she's anything like me, she'd rather you didn't. Don't you get it, Odo? We humanoids are a product of millions of years of evolution. Our ancestors learned the hard way that what you don't know might kill you. They wouldn't have survived if they hadn't have jumped back when they encountered a snake coiled in the muck. And now millions of years later, that instinct is still there. It's genetic. Our tolerance to other lifeforms doesn't extend beyond the two arm, two leg variety. I hate to break this to you, but when you're in your natural state, you're more than our poor old genes can handle. I'm not trying to excuse what they did. I'm only telling you why it happened. Watch your step, Odo. We're at war with your people. This is no time for a changeling pride demonstration on the Promenade. [Holding cells]
I'm telling you, Morn. Something's going on in Vic's that we don't know about. [Holosuite - Las Vegas lounge]
Heard anything from the Defiant? My money says he did. We haven't seen the last of that crazy Klingon. They'll find him. It's just going to take a while. You know what it's like in the Badlands, there's a lot of sensor interference. And what would you be able to do that they can't? He'll be back before you know it. Absolutely. The night before he went on patrol, he brought the Koraga's crew in here and bought them three barrels of bloodwine. And he didn't pay the tab. Do you really think he'd go to Sto'Vo'Kor owing me money? Exactly. He couldn't enjoy the afterlife knowing I had something on him.
Sorry to interrupt, but I have something for you. The, er, the item that you ordered. (A small box containing a ring with a big gemstone.) Terellian diamonds aren't that easy to come by, especially with this war on. Needless to say, it was non-refundable. It seems a shame to let something so beautiful go to waste. [Breen cell] (Ezri is thrown back in. Like Worf before, she is rambling as if in a nightmare.) Me, too and I'm the caterer. I can't work under these conditions. Something for you, Nog?
I do it every day at this time. Morbid? That implies she's not coming back. One of these days Ezri's going to come walking through those doors again, and this drink is going to be sitting right here waiting for her when she does. No one's forcing you to sit here. I never thought I'd hear myself saying this, but I wish the Defiant had found that lumbering Klingon oaf.
I don't believe the two of you. Your homeworld has been attacked, the Breen have joined forces with the Dominion, and here you are calmly playing games. Shouldn't you be doing something more productive? So, you do expect an attack on the station? I say we build a moat around the station. [Quark's cafe] (Looking down on the Alamo.) Marriage. It changes everything. If you're not careful that could be you and Kira. [Winn's office] (Winn is consulting other ancient books. Solbor brings in six more.)
Excuse me, gentlemen. I figured you were probably working on a way to help Odo. I thought this is the least I could do. I hear things. Why? All right, all right. Do you still want the coffee? You're not going to tell him, are you? Good luck. (Quark leaves.)
Then say it. Uh hmm. Ten percent? I'll take it in the back. I'll think about it. It's me. It's the static. It's always raining there. So, to what do I owe the pleasure? No, the pleasure. Good for you, I guess. Why here? To get away from the rain? Just think. This time next week I'll be living in the Nagal Residence. That's right. Oh, the first thing I'm going to do is rip them out and replace them with solid latinum fixtures. Of course, that's the point. A Nagus has to lead by example. My greed has to be a shining light to everyone. A testament to the rewards of avarice. I've got a room picked out for you already, my dear. With a view of the Tower of Commerce. And there'll be a place for my dear brother, my brave nephew, my lovely sister-in-law. Not him. What brings you this time, Brunt? For once, the rumours are right. I think I'm going to like being Nagus. Don't stop. [Cardassia] Financial advisor? I don't know. I don't need your connections. As Nagus, people will be lining up to do business with me. You missed a spot. Possibly. No. But seventy would. Sixty. What is it? For a bribe? Wait, wait, wait, wait. Did you just use the T word? Are you telling me there are T's on Ferenginar? You call that a reform? Taxes go against the very spirit of free enterprise. That's why they call it free. Stop, stop, stop! I had no idea things had gotten so bad. This is all Moogie's fault. She's been polluting Zek's mind with notions of equality and compassion. Whatever happened to survival of the fittest? Whatever happened to the rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer? Whatever happened to pure, unadulterated greed? And they're going to change back. The first thing I'm going to do is eliminate these so called reforms, before Ferenginar ends up looking like a Federation planet. I don't care who they are or what they are. As Nagus, I can do what I want. Blessed Exchequer, forgive us. Tour children have gone astray. [Cellar] Did you know this Congress of Economic Meddlers actually passed legislation making monopolies illegal? What's the point of being in business if you can't corner the market and gouge your customers? You can't even dump industrial waste anymore because it might harm the natural habitat. I'm supposed to start worrying about animals now? Look how they live, wallowing in dirt, sleeping in trees. That's not natural. And don't even get me started about this whole labour rights thing. What have we come to if you can't demand sexual favors from people in your employ? Sell it. What would I want with it anymore? That's reasonable. I'm telling you, Rom, our people have lost their way. I read a report that over forty percent of the population no longer believes that you have to buy your way into the Divine Treasury when you die. They don't teach children the Rules of Acquisition anymore. (Quark imprints the PADD.) There's a disease spreading through Ferengi society. It's making us soft. (Print.) Five thousand? I didn't even haggle with you. What's wrong with me? I've been infected, too. I haven't raised prices in months. I've even been considering letting the dabo girls keep most of their tips. I've gone soft! I don't. And I'm going to do something about it. This disease has got to be stopped before it destroys everything Ferenginar stands for. If Zek wants me to be Nagus, he's going to have to let me do things my way. Or else, I'll turn down the job! You bet I am. I don't care. I won't preside over the demise of Ferengi civilisation. Not me. The line has to be drawn here. This far and no further! (Cardassian street] (Kira and Damar are hiding in the shadows from the passers-by.) Just wait and see. It's going to be more historic than you think. Not so fast, Zek. We need to talk. I won't have anything to do with you're doing to our once proud civilisation. A man can only be pushed so far. If you want me to be Nagus, you're going to have to let me do things my way. That was me! This is insane. You actually want Rom to be Nagus? Figures. He's an idiot. All right, you want Rom? You can have him. In fact, you deserve him. He's perfect for this new worker's paradise of yours! He can save the environment and levy all the taxes he wants. In fact, as far as I'm concerned, the Ferenginar that I knew doesn't exist anymore. No, I take that back. It will exist. Right here in this bar. This establishment will be the last outpost of what made Ferenginar great. The unrelenting lust for profit. Broik, water the drinks! M'Pella, rig the dabo table! Rom, I want to buy back the bar. I suppose you're going to let me keep the five thousand bars of latinum too. And you're an idiot. But I love you. Congratulations. You're the perfect Nagus for this new Ferenginar. No kidding. But it's not going to be me. This Ferengi belongs right here. Not so hasty. Let him give you a pedicure first. Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got to get back to work. There's money to be made.
Got any threes? It's just not my game. How about some tongo? How could they? It's a Ferengi game. I know, I know, this place is period specific. For a hologram, you're not very accommodating. I dropped by because I had nothing else to do. My bar hasn't had half a dozen customers all day. Everyone's off fighting this stupid war. They think they have it rough? They should try leading my life for a day. The hospitality industry isn't for the faint-hearted. That's true, but few people understand that. They think it's one big, happy party. They forget that the person giving the party never has any fun. He's too busy making sure everybody else is having fun. All I do all day long is give, give, give. You think so? I just hope Nog and the rest of those heroic idiots come back in one piece. I thought you said a bartender's life was a lonely one? Go fish. [Bajoran fire caves] (The outside of the mountain entrance is carved. Inside it's too hot for a Bajoran, but just nice for a Cardassian.) Actually, I'm here for the end of the war goodbye to Chief O'Brien goodbye to Odo goodbye to Worf party. I don't see how great it would be. Earth's nothing more than a rotating ball of boredom. If you ask me, you'd be better off staying here. And that goes for you and Worf as well. Me? Not a chance. I just don't like change. Ah ha! I knew it! When I saw the two of you slip out, I said to myself, that no good, misanthropic, cantankerous, changeling is trying to sneak off the station without anyone noticing. Well, it's not going to happen. So, now that I'm here, is there something you want to say to me? Such as, 'Goodbye, you certainly were a worthy adversary.' Or maybe something with the words mutual respect in it. No? What do you mean no? You're telling me that after all these years, after all we've been through, you're not even going to say goodbye to me? Hard? What are you talking about? That man loves me. Couldn't you see? It was written all over his back. (Quark raises a glass to Odo and leaves.) [Airlock] (Julian helps O'Brien carry some bags. They say goodbye with a macho bear hug.) [Founder planet atoll] (With a very sick coloured Link around it.) Don't worry, it's guaranteed to grow hair within a week. Though if you ask me, that dome of yours is hairy enough. Besides, hasn't there been enough change around here already? Oh. That's this week's betting pool. It's a wide open field. Just between you and me, the smart money is on Vedek Ungtae. What are you talking about? Fifteen days! Can I bring my own pillow? It's clear. It's clear. It's like I said. The more things change, the more they stay the same. [Promenade - upper level] (Kira sees Jake staring out of a window and goes up to join him. The wormhole goes WHOOSH. Then we pull back and back, until DS9 is just a dot in space as we leave them behind.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and relatesd marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
