Let them. Take the shields offline and recharge the emitters. That'll bring them up to full power. We'll be dead if we don't get the shields back up. Arm yourselves! Drop shields. Recharge cycle? There! (An energy ball appears by the ceiling. They shoot at it. Others appear and get shot at.) RANSOM: Time? Voyager, you've got to extend your shields around our ship! Match the emitter frequency! Shields, quickly! We don't know. We can't communicate with them. They've been attacking us for weeks. I've got to secure the ship, No, treat me here. I'm not leaving my bridge. So, how's Earth? You weren't sent here to find us?  We're here to commemorate our honoured dead. Lieutenant William Yates, Lieutenant John Molar, Ensign Dorothy Chang, Ensign Edward Regis and Crewman David Amantes, who all served with distinction. Their bravery and sacrifice will not be forgotten. They will be missed, but now there is cause for optimism. Captain Janeway, Voyager, on behalf of my crew, thank you. They're like fish out of water, but they can do a lot of damage in those seconds. If Captain Janeway agrees. I'm afraid that won't be possible. It's in our research lab. That whole section was flooded with thermionic radiation during the last attack. It'll be days before anyone can go in there. I'll see if I can download them. You give me a hand? [Equinox Bridge] When you've been in the trenches as long as we have, rank and protocol are luxuries. Besides, we're a long way from Starfleet Command. You seem to run a pretty tight ship. It seems to work quite well for you. The Borg? We haven't seen so much as a Cube since the day we arrived. Have you ever run into the Krowtonan Guard? That's how we spent our first week in the Delta Quadrant. They claimed we violated their territory. I gave the order to keep going. I lost thirty nine. Half my crew. We never recovered from that loss. It changed everything. When I first realised that we'd be travelling across the Delta Quadrant for the rest of our lives, I told my crew that we had a duty as Starfleet officers to expand our knowledge and uphold our principles. After a couple of years, we started to forget that we were explorers. And there were times when we nearly forgot that we were human beings. I wish that I could take all the credit, but we stumbled across a wormhole, and made a few enhancements on our warp engines. I'd like to ask you something, Captain to Captain. The Prime Directive. How often have you broken it for the sake of protecting your crew? I've walked the line once or twice, but nothing serious. There you are. (He has found the Equinox' bridge plaque.)  I thought I'd find you here. Don't get too comfortable. If Janeway's any indication, these people will never understand. Not if we keep them out of the research lab, and away from the warp core injectors. And be careful what you say around their crew. That includes old girlfriends. Mmm. Not bad. [Astrometrics lab] Remember, we are still thirty five thousand light years from Earth. We should try to preserve both ships. I don't want to force the issue. But I am prepared to return to the Equinox with my crew. What is the protocol in this situation? We have two Captains and two ships. Who gets the last word? Good thinking. Are you ordering me to abandon my ship? That protocol was written in the Alpha Quadrant. I'm not sure that it makes much sense out here. Who am I to dispute protocol? Give Captain Janeway your full cooperation. Max, that's an order. We'll get through this. If that's all, Captain, I'd like to return to my quarters and collect a few mementoes. Ransom to Gilmore. Report to the Equinox bridge. A shower and a hot meal. I guess that's all it takes for some of us to forget what's at stake here. We're going home, We can't let Voyager stop us now. Not when we're this close. Now we're proceeding as planned. Are there any other objections? I need each and every one of you to give me your very best, as you always have. Max. You'll all have time for one last shower. Make the most of it. [Astrometrics lab] Once we get back to Earth, there'll be plenty of women. Status? Power couplings? Janeway wants to bring on the security grid at nineteen hundred hours. We'll have to act before then. Tell the others to be prepared Sixty three. That's how many more it will take. Every time I sacrifice one of those lives, a part of me is lost as well. Starfleet regulation three, paragraph twelve. In the event of imminent destruction, a captain is authorised to preserve the lives of his crew by any justifiable means. In my judgment, it did. We had nothing. My ship was in pieces. Our dilithium was gone. We were running on thrusters, We hadn't eaten in sixteen days. We had just enough power to enter orbit of an M class planet. And lucky for us, the inhabitants were generous. [Ankari campfire] RANSOM Get it out of there. We tried to send it back. But it was too late. [Briefing room]  We examined the remains and discovered it could be converted to enhance our propulsion systems. It was already dead. What would you have done? We travelled over ten thousand light years in less than two weeks. We'd found our salvation. How could we ignore it? It's easy to cling to principles when you're standing on a vessel with its bulkheads intact, manned by a crew that's not starving. Please, show them leniency. They were only following my orders. It's a long way home, Captain. [Bridge] A virus? Don't worry. We're getting out of here. [Bridge] What is it? Try overriding the command codes. [Astrometrics lab] What's my alternative, thirty years in your brig? We've been through worse.  Max!  Get us out of here. Bridge to Marla. Report. [Equinox Engineering]  What about the field generator?  It's now or never.  Set a course for the Alpha Quadrant. Maximum warp. Engage. [Bridge]  Report. Are sensors picking up Voyager? Maintain course. [Corridor] (Janeway and her escort are all armed with big phaser rifles. They split up at a junction, and Janeway finds You know, once we get our enhanced warp drive back online, we'll be on our way home, but it'll still take months to get there. You can spend that time in the brig, or you can become part of this crew. I'd prefer the latter. You know, Janeway's not the only Captain who can help you explore your humanity. Janeway clung to her morality at the expense of her crew. Maybe you should learn from that mistake. Take care of her wound. [Equinox Sickbay] Go ahead. Acknowledged. [Equinox Bridge]  Infuse the enhanced warp drive with twenty isograms of the compound. Engage. (Shudder then a jolt.)RANSOM: What happened? [Equinox Engineering]  Give us the codes. I deleted his ethical subroutines. He'll be a little more cooperative now. Keep me posted. This planet has a parthogenic atmosphere. It will keep us from being detected while we make repairs. Take an away team, Noah, and see if you can localise the ore. Status? Tell me the codes. You think this is easy for me? The sight of you on that table. But you're leaving me no choice. The codes. Do these programmes have people in them? Forget it. [Planet surface] From who? I don't see a ship out there. Open a channel. We can hear you. Get him back. Ransom to away team. Noah, prepare to beam back to the ship. All hands to battle stations. [Bridge] Return fire. [Bridge] Torpedoes, full spread. Stop her. [Astrometrics lab] We still have thrusters, don't we? Lay in a course through the planet's atmosphere. Sixty degree vector. [Bridge] Take us up! Get us out of here. [Bridge] Fuel. Is that the euphemism we're using now? You mean we need to kill more lifeforms. How much longer? What are you doing? Enough. No choice. Thank you, Doctor. I'm not hiding. I don't know what you're talking about. You're not real. Now leave me alone. I don't have a choice. There is no other way. I told you, I'm not hiding. Now get away from me. No! (The image of Seven morphs into an alien. He rips off the stimulator.) Go ahead. On my way. [Equinox Bridge] No. Open a channel. You might say that. It's time we found another way home. We're going to cooperate with Janeway, Max, if she's willing. Just the opposite. Hail them. You're relieved of duty, Commander.  This isn't the brig. We'll need to access transporter control. [Bridge] Captain, I'm prepared to surrender the Equinox, but I'm no longer in command. Max decided to stage a little mutiny, but I think I can stop him. I've isolated transporter control. I can beam all of us to Voyager. You might want to have some guards standing by. Not everyone here is going to be happy to see you. Then beam the others to Voyager, yourself included. I'll take care of Max. Computer, Give me access to the shield grid. [Sickbay] Max, this is the Captain. I've dropped the shield grid [Equinox Engineering] Everywhere except the bridge and my current location. [Equinox Bridge] RANSOM  I suggest you beam to Voyager while you still can. (Aliens enter Engineering.) [Equinox Bridge] Things didn't work out exactly as I planned, but you've got everyone worth getting. This ship is about to explode. I've got to put some distance between us. I've accessed helm control. There's no time! You've got a fine crew, Captain. Promise me you'll get them home.
