Oops. Excuse me, Captain, but you were standing right where I needed to be. Rasmussen's the name, sir. Professor Berlinghoff Rasmussen. Ah, this is wonderful. Actually, quite a bit larger than I thought. Where I come from, every historian knows the bridge of old 1701D. Why, Earth. Late twenty sixth century Earth, to be exact. I've travelled back nearly three hundred years just to find you. [Ready room] (the lanky man is peering at a book on a stand - Shakespeare I presume) My focus is on the twenty second through the twenty fourth centuries. Early interstellar history. You know, it was always believed this was on your desk, not here. Fascinating. Don't move it on my account. No less so than your legendary modesty, Captain. If I could describe to you what a thrill it is to be here. (points at painting) This is the original. I'd love to tell you, Picard. I really would, but try and imagine what a young Caesar might have done differently had someone had given him a hint of what lay ahead, or if Lincoln had been coerced into changing his theatre plans. I truly wish I could be more specific on why you were selected, but I'm afraid the exchange of information will have to flow in one direction only. (paces out the room) Five, six, seven metres. Ha! I was right. [Observation lounge] Oh, I picked the right day all right. Just wait, you'll see. Do you always sit there, on that side of the table? It's not important. Now, now, Commander, you know better than that. I've studied a great deal about your century, including the fact that you're all quite aware of the dangers of anyone altering the past, and that's exactly what I'd be doing if I were to divulge information like that. I beg your pardon? I'll be preparing questionnaires for each of you. Please complete them at your convenience. If you're concerned about a possible breach of security, I'm sure your Captain can make a determination. And thank you in advance for curbing your curiosity. This is really a thrill, Data, like running across a Redstone missile or a Gutenberg bible. To think, the Model T of androids. [Corridor] I stand corrected. [Rasmussen's quarters] I suppose it will have to do, for now. I'll get you a list of the things I'll be needing, okay? It'd be best if you kept your assumptions to yourself, wouldn't it? I hope I'm not intruding. As I promised, here are your assignments. I'm sure they'll be painless. Please try and complete them by tomorrow. (hands out transparent chips, taking time to hold Beverly's hand while he does it) You're all very calm. History always records where people were, what they were doing, when important events took place. But it rarely remembers their activities say, a week before, or a day or even an hour. I didn't say that, did I? Please, just go on doing what you were doing and pretend I'm not here. We're obviously very careful. As a matter of fact, a colleague and I recently paid a call on a twenty second century vessel. Isn't it fascinating how everyone has different interests when it comes to history. Different perspectives on progress. (Rasmussen opens a ring and looks inside) Just checking the time. No problem. No, it's nothing, nothing. What about you, Commander? What do you see as the most important example of progress in the last two hundred years? Spoken like the consummate explorer. I beg your pardon? Ah, you see, Doctor? Our Klingon friend is a perfect example of what I was trying to tell you. He views history through the eyes of a hunter, a warrior. His passion lies in the perfection of the tools of violence. How delightfully primitive. [Engineering] Ah ha, just the two I'm looking for. I've brought you the forms I need you to complete. Shouldn't take any more than a couple of hours. Is that as fast as he can go? There's little known about Data's efficiency. Almost nothing about his part in this mission. It's a topic of great conjecture. It'd be best if you just thought of me as a fly on the wall, and went about your business. Data at Penthara Four! Your prosthesis. What do you call it again? Visor. Right. A visor. You know, I have a picture of you wearing that in my office. How do you like it? You know, Homer was blind and Milton. Bach, Monet, Wonder. A fly on the wall. Who said these moments were any less exciting when you know the outcome? Have I missed much? You've given us what we need. Time. Very clever, Picard. And well done. We've always known how you did it, but to experience the moment, to witness the nuances, it's indescribable. [Sickbay] (Beverly is treating an injured knee) There you are. Well, that certainly was exciting, wasn't it? Yes, couldn't be better, thank you. I just thought we might chat about your questionnaire. Buck up, crewman. You're a credit to that uniform. No, please, Counsellor. I would very much appreciate your remaining. Doctor, in response to my sixth question, you spoke of a neural stimulator. May I see one? You don't like me very much, do you? (to a young boy) Keep your eyes wide, soldier. You'll be telling your grandchildren how you were there at Penthara Four. But you don't trust me. You should, you know. Picard's empath won't trust you. That's what they all said. We're not that unalike, you and I. You possess a sense that is foreign to the others. My knowledge of the future is similar. You know, some of my best friends are empaths. They trust me. We're birds of a feather. We're colleagues. We could learn a lot from each other. I knew you'd say that. Thank you. You're a very curious woman. No, no, I don't mean curious like that. I mean you're curious about things. About berylite levels, about the future. I understand. But you're different, you're more vibrant. More You know, whenever I travel back, I meet very interesting people, men and women. But I've never anyone who gave me thoughts about not going home. What in God's name is that? Music? Do you think you could thin it out a bit? How the hell can you listen to four pieces of music at the same time? Only four today? Well, I came to thank you for answering my questions, though I probably should have asked you to limit yourself to fifty thousand words. I realise it's hard to believe, Data, but very few records of Doctor Soong's work survived to the twenty sixth century, so it would be invaluable to myself and other historians, if you could provide us with some schematics. As long as it's before oh nine hundred tomorrow. That's when I'll be heading back. Which do you suppose he's going to want to hear first? [Ready room] Yeah, I have a fairly good idea. That'd be a shame. So, what's your dilemma? And if it's not successful? So do nothing and thousands will die. Do something and millions could die. That's a tough choice. You're not suggesting I tell you the outcome of your efforts? So, it seems you have another dilemma. One that questions your convictions. And why did you ask to see me? However you come to terms with your beliefs, Captain, I must tell you that I'm quite comfortable with mine. Let me put it to you this way. If I were to tell you that none of those people died, you'd easily conclude that you tried your solution and it succeeded. So, you'd confidently try again. No harm in that. But what if I were to tell you they all died? What then? Obviously, you'd decide not to make the same mistake twice. Now, what if one of those people grew up I see it all too well. But you must see that if I were to influence you, everything in this sector, in this quadrant of the galaxy could change. History, my history, would unfold in a way other than it already has. Now what possible incentive could anyone offer me to allow that to happen? Everyone dies, Captain. It's just a question of when. All of those people down there died years before I was born. All of you up here, as well. So you see, I can't get quite as worked up as you over the fate of some colonists who, for me, have been dead a very, very long time. We're not just talking about a choice. It sounds to me like you're trying to manipulate the future. Please don't ask me, Captain. I can't help you. I'm sorry. [Bridge] So you've made your choice after all, and without my help. How's that? Well, this is it! La Forge remained below. Well, I'd love to see more, but it's nearly time for me to go. I am tickled pink to have had the opportunity of witnessing this, Picard. And you did it all without any help. well, must run. Got some packing to do. You know, you're taller in person, Commander. (Rasmussen leaves, and Picard gives Worf the nod) [Shuttlebay] Well, would you look at this. Who would have expected a teary farewell? Curious till the end, eh, Captain? You can't be serious, Picard. We've been through this more than once. I'm not here in search of relics. I'm sure they'll turn up. I doubt you have the means. Considering the sensitive nature of my equipment, I think you'll understand if I request that only Mister Data be allowed to see it. Back in a minute. (Rasmussen puts his hand on the ship, it scans him and a door appears. They enter and it closes again) [Time ship] (tricorder, the neural stimulator, a hypospray, one of Geordi's visors, a PADD, a Klingon knife) Nor does this. This phaser is set at the highest stun setting. If I'm correct, that is sufficient to immobilise even you. Far too valuable for that. You see, in the century I come from, they haven't even been invented yet. Oh, this is a time pod, and it is from the twenty sixth century. At least that's what the poor fellow said. You see, he decided to travel back to the twenty second century, that's my time, and he had the misfortune of meeting me. His clothes fit quite well, don't you think? Took me weeks to figure out how to work this thing. More of an inventor. Up till a few weeks ago, a dismally unsuccessful one. Well, thanks to your captain, it seems my intentions have changed slightly. I was quite content with the notion of returning with those trinkets. I'd invent about one a year. But now, look what fortune has graced me with. You will take a little longer to figure out than a tricorder, but it should be well worth the effort. If the auto timer is programmed the way I think it is, in about two minutes we should be on our way back to a place called New Jersey. I'm afraid you won't be awake for the ride. (but the phaser doesn't fire) That weapon was working yesterday. This was all a misunderstanding, Picard. Just let me back in there and we'll forget the whole thing. Doctor. Not all of it. Some of it was real. Captain. I'd love to hear more, Picard, but I really must get back in that pod. You can't do this. I've got to get back. I don't belong here. (the time ship shuts its door and vanishes) No!
