Captain, I'm reading three biosigns on board. They're not going anywhere, sir. There's a surge in the plasma network. Sir, I recommend putting a safe distance between us and the test site. Understood. [Brig] It's not simply a matter of constructing a shuttle, it has to be designed. What species built it, what language would the control interface use. The MACOs use subdermal transceivers. Bridge to Command centre. I'm picking up a distortion in subspace. I believe it's a Xindi ship. [Command centre] About six hours. [Command centre] The radiation could overload our systems again. Acknowledged. [Shuttle] Understood. (Degra sees something out of the porthole.) Bridge to the Command centre. We're clear of the debris field. Open it. You two, come with me. I said move! (He drags Degra and Thalen out.) [Engineering] I'm picking up several Xindi vessels. I'm also reading significant quantities of kemocite. Minimal damage. The hull plating's coming back online. The Xindi vessel's less than an hour away, sir. Captain's starlog, supplemental. Hopefully the journey to Azati Prime will be the final leg in our search for the Xindi weapon. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
You're killing me! (Phlox is holding Reed's left foot.) It can't be ethical to cause a patient this much pain. When will I be able to return to duty? Two weeks? You're not putting any more of those things inside my leg. You still haven't found the last one. Are you sure this thing knows what it's doing? You didn't answer me the first two times. Lovely. None. [Ready room] Honestly, I started to feel a little sorry for the Doctor. There wasn't anything for him to do but stand there and watch this thing work. A starship without a Tactical Officer? I can't say I see the point. I suppose you're right. I don't follow. Well, that compartment's the only place it could be, but it's barely half the size of this one. You could always ask. Well, I guess that's that. This computer might not take kindly to people snooping around. I left it in a Romulan minefield.(He sighs and gestures for another look at the PADD.) [Station corridor] (Tucker is sitting on Reed's shoulders to remove a If the Captain learns about this we'll both be scrubbing plasma conduits for a month. (They climb up into the ventilation shaft.) [Travis's quarters] (The comm. beeps.) Are you sure this is the right direction? (An alarm goes off, an iris closes off the shaft in front of them, then they get beamed away to...) [Bridge] Aye, sir. It might be a good idea to check his quarters as well. Aye, sir. [Station diagnostic room] No. It doesn't look like Travis used the comm. system last night. Crewman Hayes says she passed him on his way to the launch bay but they didn't speak. She said he seemed to be in quite a hurry. (There is text on a monitor.) It's a letter to his sister. It was on the monitor when I came in. I'm afraid there isn't much here. He mentions something about cancelling breakfast with him. Sub-Commander T'Pol's working on it, but it could take some time. Cargo ships aren't always easy to track down. (comm. beeps) We were within twenty metres when we tripped the sensors. I believe so. It's there, about five metres ahead. (He crawls forward to the iris, sets off the alarm and gets beamed out to the Bridge while Archer and T'Pol take readings. Then they use their phase pistols.) [Station diagnostic room] Three of the station's arms have just clamped on to the hull. There's no effect. They're going offline. We're losing main power. It did some heavy damage, sir. Power levels are dropping, but the plasma hasn't ignited the O2 conduits yet. Yes, sir. (A pause, then the ship starts to shake.) I'm reading secondary explosions throughout the station. (The station starts to fall apart, and Enterprise's light come back to full brightness.) One of those arms is still locked onto the hull. At this range, sir, I wouldn't recommend it.
I've located the ship, sir. Aye, sir. Here. (Reed points to an area on the table display.) This is where they say their engines were hit. Impact damage, sir. No scorch marks, no melting. No indications of any weapons fire. It's possible. They also say they haven't sent out a distress call because it'd give away their position. They crashed three years ago, sir. Whoever attacked them has to be gone by now. Why are they still hiding? There's also their airponics bay. How are they surviving down there? It doesn't make any sense. Hoshi translated the data module we found on their ship, and we were able to reconstruct what happened right before they crashed. There are some gaps in the data, but it looks like some kind of catastrophic malfunction. There was a massive depressurization when the ship went down. When their story didn't check out the Captain asked me to run some detailed scans of the ship. According to the oxidation rate in the hull plating that ship's been sitting down there a lot longer than three years. Check the scans yourself. The data also shows that they launched a number of escape pods just before the crash. I think it would be better if we stay together, sir. Unfortunately, that rules out using the transporter as well. (The security team board the pod.) And with a bit of luck, near T'Pol and Commander Tucker. [Alien computer core] Yeah. Where did he come from?
It was worth every step, sir. The architecture alone. Am I that obvious? The speaker at the political rally, what was his name? Chancellor Kultrey? You could write a book about him alone. His speech reminded me of Winston Churchill before the Second World War. (He starts hunting through his pockets.) My communicator. It's gone.  [Launch bay] (Hoshi is checking down the back of the pods seats as Archer looks underneath outside.) It's not in decon. Any luck? What about the launch bay crew? Could they have found it while they were securing the pod? I contacted T'Pol to let her know we'd entered the city. No. I'd remember. Either I dropped it or someone picked my pocket. This L-shaped structure. isn't that the fountain? The one with the statues. The tavern was directly across the street, here. The communicator could have slipped out of my pocket when we sat down. The hull plating's already been polarised. It's not a problem, sir. Captain. my carelessness was inexcusable. I'm prepared for whatever reprimand you feel is appropriate. Sir, Three military aircraft, seventy two kilometres off starboard. I suggest you increase our descent vector. That should keep us well below their visual threshold. (The pod lands in woods just outside the city, at night.)  [Tavern]  (Archer and Reed sit at a table by the wall, on pew-like benches with very high backs for privacy - and when I can remember the name of the pub where I've sat in exactly those type of seat, I'll let you know. Reed has a look on the floor.) Positive. (using scanner) I've got it. It's in a room, off that corridor. No. (The pair walk slowly across and through the bead curtain, watched by the Barkeep and the other men.) There are two people inside. I didn't have time to visit the doctor. I wonder if the guard would bring us some Epsom salts, if I asked politely. We came down to retrieve my communicator. Now we've lost two of them. Not to mention my phase-pistol and a pair of scanners. If they really think we are spying for this Alliance, perhaps we should consider telling them the truth. It couldn't hurt to try. Understood. (Pell arrives and the door is unlocked.) We've been genetically enhanced. Our immune systems are resistant to chemical and biological weapons, and our internal organs have been modified to increase cellular regeneration by thirty percent. That way, our wounds can heal more quickly. Well, it may be an old trick where we come from, but maybe they haven't heard of it here. Thanks. Improvisation isn't my strong suit. What do you suppose Enterprise will do, after we're. It's ironic. Giving our lives to protect people who want to kill us. I'm not afraid, sir. You said it yourself, Captain. They'd never believe us. If we did tell them who we are, maybe it would do them a world of good. Look what the Vulcans did for Earth. It could still happen, sir. I'm expecting a rescue party to come barging through that door any moment.  [Cell ship] (The little cell ship launches and cloaks successfully. It's a bit crowded inside.) Captain. Sir, the phase pistol, our equipment. Sir, looking for this? (Reed picks up the scanner from the floor.)  [Ready room]
It's targeting our warp core. Security teams to docking ports one, two, and three. Barely. You're going to need to boost the signal. Yeah. [Tucker's quarters] I thought the comm. was offline. Are you all right? [Tucker's quarters] And the others? Any thoughts about how we're going to get rid of these Suliban? I wasn't planning on going anywhere. [Wrecked city - outdoors] (Daniels is doing the tech stuff while Archer hits metal with a piece of concrete.) They were pretty much blocked off when the ship was completed. [Tucker's quarters] It would be too tight a squeeze. Well, you or I couldn't get through them. [Tucker's quarters] Maybe a child, or It's possible, but it would be difficult. I'm positive. Good luck. I guess I wasn't thinking. I don't know. (He gets hit again.) I don't know. Please! I was told to destroy it. I don't know what it does. Captain Archer, before he left. He didn't want you to find it. He thought you would use it to contact someone. I don't know who. I swear it!
Echo Two is away, sir. A clean launch. A vessel is dropping out of warp, Captain. Twelve kilometres dead ahead. No. No biosigns, no propulsion or weapon signatures, no readings at all. [Situation room] Us? Not interesting? It's offline! Damage reports are coming in, sir. No one's been hurt. Captain, when they fired their weapon they dropped their shielding for about two seconds and I was able to take some scans. Biosigns. At least fifteen, maybe more. It's a good thing they're gone. I doubt very much our torpedoes could've penetrated their shielding. Just give us two weeks, Captain. Sir, with your permission, we could at least begin the work, get a few things started for Jupiter Station. This, ladies and gentlemen is a phase-modulated energy weapon. It's rated for a maximum power output of five hundred gigajoules. Enterprise was designed to carry three of them. We have one, and it's only a prototype. Far be it from me to question the Captain's judgment, but Commander Tucker and I believe we can do this ourselves. And once we get these phase cannons online, we'll have a lot more firepower to do just that. Er, no. Please. (He carries on working on two PADDS while eating.) Tell me about it. I haven't set foot outside the Armoury since oh seven hundred. It's fine. (not paying attention) I'm sorry? Enchiladas? I appreciate the offer, but it really isn't necessary. No, he's a fine cook. That's very flattering. I'm just not sure it would be appropriate. Well, we work together and it just might be a little awkward, Serving on the same ship. Well, then, it's my mistake then. No, please, finish your dinner. Reed to Bridge. (no reply) Armoury, report. Get to your stations. Move. [Bridge] (Half lights, displays flashing on and off.) Port two or port one? Get it right. Start on those beam emitters. We should be aligning them by now, not installing them. [Jefferies tube] Ow! Yeah, fine. I told them to depolarise these relays! Bypass the EPS grid. Well, we could draw power for the cannons directly from the impulse engines. The relays were rated to handle that much power. I've thought of that. These inverters were designed to cut in at the first sign of an overload. I've run a dozen simulations. It's an acceptable risk. Sir, if we do this by the book, those aliens are likely to be back before we're done. Yes, sir. [Engineering] I'm just disconnecting them now. Yes, Commander, I am. In that case, if the Chief Engineer wouldn't mind getting his hands dirty, I could use some help. Captain's starlog, September 1, 2151. It's been two days now with no sign of the alien vessel. [Ready room] Yes, Captain. Acquiring the target. Full power to the primary coils. (hatches open on the underside of the saucer and the cannons emerge) Phase cannons one and two standing by. [Bridge] Check the cannons. Be careful down there. The blast yield was ten times what we expected. Something overloaded the phase modulators. [Bridge] They're toying with us. They want us to know they can destroy us whenever they want, even with our own weapons. We see them. Both forward cannons are charged and ready. [Bridge] Even if these cannons had been installed at Jupiter Station, they wouldn't be any more effective than they are now. Yes sir, but that was due to an overload. [Bridge] Sir, after the damage from the first time the plasma recoil would probably knock out two decks. [Bridge] I believe so. [Bridge] But sir. How? The grav-plating wasn't designed [Bridge] To withstand that much force. Aye, sir. Stand by. Trip? We're ready, sir. [Bridge] Fairly well. [Bridge] I'll have them back online within the hour. [Armoury] The aft cannon should be working by the end of day tomorrow. [Bridge] Cheers. You shouldn't have gone to any trouble. Pineapple! That's my favourite. How on Earth did you know?
She was more important to you. There's nothing wrong with admitting that. Did the freighter captain say who we were supposed to contact? And it is safe to enter orbit? There are no security considerations? With all due respect, sir, we should approach with caution. The freighter captain was of questionable character. Sir? A storage bay, sir. Conduit housings, I believe. Because of our mission, sir. Right. Right. Understood. [Mess hall] We should have worn EV suits. Safe? You call this safe? I've been in (cough) Yes, sir. [Mine complex] (Going down some stairs, they are greeted by two men wearing breathing masks and carrying guns.) Their linings are coated with a platinum-cobalt alloy. Trip could probably strip them down and separate the metals. Something doesn't smell right. The ionised particles will cover our descent. It'll be all right. (T'Pol enters.) Have you heard from the Captain? The ships? They're armed to the teeth down there, but it is do-able. We only have one bone of contention. The Major here thinks my security team is far to valuable to bring down and put in the line of fire. He wants to take his men. I plan to have my men back on board with the Captain and Trip long before those ships arrive. Select six of your men and meet me in launch bay one. I'll be commanding the mission. Coming from a military family, I've seen men like Hayes all my life. That had nothing to do with who knows Enterprise inside and out. It had to do with who the Major thinks is more capable of carrying out this rescue. [Mine Foreman's office]  The lower levels are hyper-saturated with ionised particles, so you'll have to get within a hundred metres to pick up their biosigns. Captain! It took a little doing, sir, but we got through the outer hatch. (Archer grabs Kessick.)  Reed to Mayweather. We've got them. Lock onto my location and set down. We cleared bioscan, that's all that matters. The Doctor's got them back in their quarters already. I'm not so sure about that. See you in the morning. No, sir. No vessels, no signs of technology, nothing. Long range sensors are showing increasing numbers of spatial distortions.
How long before it goes supernova? We may not be able to get any closer, but someone else has. Bearing two six one mark four. They must be at least twenty thousand kilometres farther in than we are. Aren't you going to introduce me? Very pleased to meet you. Indeed. I was just speaking with their Chief Engineer and his wife. Maybe you should say hello. (Tucker hands his sundae over to Reed.)  Fruit and cheese compliment each other. Actually there are hundreds, maybe thousands. They have the strongest smells of anything we have on board. You said our food was aromatically bland. I thought this might change your mind. Try some. How about this one? (He offers a blue-veined cheese.) Stilton. Chef says it's pretty pungent. Not for a long time. I'd say that's more than a little spicy. (He eats it.) Alsatian Muenster. Very. There's an old Earth expression. I'll show you mine if you show me yours. [Stratopod] Photonic? I'm not familiar with that. This technology must seem pretty antiquated to you. Is that how you see us? Quaint? Sarium micro-cells. I suppose that's very quaint, too. Maybe you'd like to see the phase-cannon assembly. After you.(He enjoys the sight of a tightly-trousered rear end.) It has multiphasic emitters and a maximum yield of eighty gigajoules. I'm sorry it's so cramped in here. Really? On Earth, it's customary to ask a woman to dinner first before spending the night with her.
(piloting) This should take a bit longer than usual. The protocol said fifty kilometres, but to be on the safe side I'm going to lock them off at about seventy five. I closed both plasma ducts. I'm certain of it. I closed both ducts. Any kind of malfunction would have triggered an alarm. Two alarms. There are backups to prevent these kinds of accidents. The ducts were closed. The flash point was directly beneath the shuttle, sir, but it seems to have originated at the starboard plasma duct. Put it up here, would you? The air near the surface is filled with traces of boro-carbons. I don't care whether that probe picked up traces of bread pudding. Both our plasma ducts were locked down, and there were no leaks in the system. Not unless they miraculously mended themselves afterwards. (Archer emerges from the turbolift.) Over here. It's not exactly a smoking gun, but this EM signature does not belong here. On the outer hull, about twelve centimetres below the starboard plasma duct. I already checked. There isn't a carbon atom to be found. Whatever it is, its profile doesn't match anything in our database. [Archer's quarters] Why did Daniels leave it in his quarters? No. Well, if it is there and it contains what he said it does, it could be invaluable to Starfleet. Pity. Assuming he's right and we manage to find the Cruiser what makes you think the Suliban won't come after us? (Reed enters the code for the security lock on Daniel's quarters.) Wait a minute. Did you see that? They've got schematics on half a dozen different Klingon ships. There. There it is. (They isolate the data and copy it onto a scanner.) [Engineering] Reed here. Aye, sir. The closer, the better, sir. [Bridge] All four weapon banks, as well. Okay, here's the tricky part. (A photon torpedo is launched and strikes the underneath of the cruiser.) [Shuttlepod] Reed to Shuttlepod two. She's all yours, Captain. Good luck.  (Archer hands phase pistols to T'Pol and Tucker.) Go ahead. I see them. You'd better take cover. (He fires a phase cannon at the cruiser's docking clamp and the explosion knocks Bridge to Archer. We're getting some strange readings, sir. It might not be a bad idea for you to come out here. [Bridge] I've taken the liberty of asking Commander Tucker to join us. We're having trouble balancing the warp field. It's odd. It'll be stable one moment, and then, for no reason, it'll go slightly out of alignment. Well, they're not. We've had to realign the field a dozen times over the last hour. They're all armed with high-yield particle weapons, sir. Before they open fire? Not enough, sir. (Transmission resumed.) It's targeting our warp core. They're all targeting the warp core. [Devastated building] (Archer steps through the tangled mass of girders until he comes to a broken window, and looks out on a cityscape of wrecked skyscrapers and a sullen grey cloudy sky.)
Almost certainly? Is this how you protect your visitors? It's definitely a ditanium signature about four kilometres outside the capital. From what we can tell, the entire capital is surrounded by a shanty town. There are almost as many biosigns on the outskirts as there are inside the city. Not yet. They must have switched it off. Sir, I've got a rescue team standing by in the launch bay. It's our shuttlepod. I'm certain of it. All I'm suggesting is we go down and have a look around. They called the Captain 'her'. Are we sure they've got the right hostages? For how long? We don't have forty phase pistols, we've got fifteen, and even if we give them to these people there's no guarantee they'll keep their word. We know where the shuttle is. We have to send a team down now while we still have the element of surprise. Sounds to me like you're planning an assault. This isn't your planet. Maybe the Coridan government has something to say about this. Yeah. (They get jumped and dragged off with bags over their heads.) [Another room] (The bags are removed.) So, you and the rebels figure you both have a common enemy. How many? Unless he's going to take out these guards, you're not going to have an easy time getting all the way to the hostages. (Shran gets weapons from a box.) Our escape plan's shot to hell. Yes, sir.
There's a number of ships strafing the encampment. I can't localise their biosigns. I'll take a shuttlepod and find them myself. I've lost sensor contact with the surface. Some kind of orbital dispersion field. I can't get any readings below a hundred kilometres. [Desert] (A perfect blue sky, pale pink sand dunes stretching for ever with Archer and Trip following a sharp wind-cut ridge.) The dispersion field covers half the continent, but if I disable these three satellites, I think I can get a clear reading of the eastern desert. There's a vessel approaching from the surface. It's Zobral. There were eighty nine. There were only eighty nine Suliban, not thousands. I would hardly call it an army. It was more like a few dozen prison guards, and to be honest they didn't put up much of a fight. Actually, I'm the tactical officer on this ship, and I don't have any experience at waging desert warfare. I'm afraid you've come to the wrong people for help. How did you get here without them seeing you? I'll need all the pertinent data. I'm a quick study. Then they'll have to wait a little longer. You're the one that got our people stranded down there. (doing the flying) If we increased our altitude this would go a lot faster. I'm picking up weapons fire on the surface. Ninety kilometres due south. I've got a lock.
Sir, I'm picking up a small planet on our current heading. It's not a system, Captain. It's just a planet. I'm picking up a power signature near the equator. There's a ship down there. Infrared's useless. There's too much heat coming from those thermal vents. (Turbulence. Archer is in the pilot's seat.) Well, the proof's in the pudding, Captain. Follow me. You were a Boy Scout, sir? Oh, so was I. Twenty eight. You? Oh, that's not bad, sir. Actually, I already have that one. [Campsite] (Complete with tents and a fire.) Did you hear that? Anything? It's not gone. (They are jumped by two people wearing red goggles and camouflage-style overalls.) Captain, are you all right? Pleased to meet you. Your friends nearly shot me back there. Mmm. No argument here. I'm curious why our sensors didn't detect you. That gear you carry seems pretty elaborate to take down a few game animals. I wonder if I might join one of your hunts. You were able to sneak up on us without being detected by our night-vision sensors. I'd like to see how you did that. I promise I won't kill anything, sir. Like those bore worms. I wouldn't miss it. Night. I suppose I'll turn in then. A nightgown, sir? These can detect infrared. (Damrus takes them off him.) I'll try to keep up. What is it? Is there something out there? Well, let's find out. I didn't see it. We split off to follow another trail. So, how'd you lose them? They're well armed and they know the terrain. I wouldn't want to try and take their weapons from them.
Ready. Activating simulation J6. Target acquired. Five seconds to impact. Three, two, one. (It misses.) REED: Wonderful. Only three metres. Three metres could mean the difference between hitting a weapons port and a warp core. Instead of disabling a vessel we'd end up destroying it, and probably ourselves in the process. All this should have been dealt with before we left Earth. Have they detected any inhabited planets or vessels? Good. I don't believe you were ever out quite this far. All I do know is until we get these targeting scanners working properly, the further we are from everyone else, the better. Not well, sir. We've corrected the problem but we're still off by point oh two percent. It's unacceptable. There's only one way to find out. Moments, sir. Thank you, Captain. Rotate the targeting axis by point five microns. If I refocus the infrared scanner, I might be able to compensate. The better part of a day. Sir. If they have weapons, they're not charged. Then why haven't they responded. Half an hour. Can't be too careful, sir. Just our luck, no release. Shouldn't be a problem though. I can place micro-charges here and here. What gives you that idea? Captain. Communications. (sees blood on bulkhead) They may have been in no condition to answer our hails. Could these be power couplings? Yeah, one diagram for each deck. That's midship. One deck below. If we're right, something down there is drawing a lot of power. Some sort of hydraulics. Their bodies are being flushed out with some kind of fluid. All dead, sir. I'm afraid so. [Decon chamber] (Phlox and T'Pol at the observation window.) Fifteen. [Launch bay - suit locker] I'll bring a security detail. Armoury. That depends. How long till it gets here? Then the answer is most likely no. The scanners are still out of alignment. Look, if you wanted me to hit a stationary dairy barn, then I could accommodate you, but not a moving [Bridge] Vessel. They're charging weapons. (Green fire is seen on the viewscreen.) REED: They're targeting our engines. [Shuttlepod] Both forward tubes loaded and ready, sir. Yes, sir. Ready. They've locked onto us with some kind of stabilising beam. They're fifty metres above us. Forty nine. They've stopped at about ten metres. (The nasty ship prepares to drill a hole in the hull.) Captain, they've started drilling into the hull. They're targeting the vessel above us. (The beam is shut off and the drill withdrawn.) Captain, I may be wrong, but I think I've got the scanners aligned. Permission to launch a torpedo.
 Four years isn't so long. My last family reunion was almost a decade ago. You must be joking. Yes. Well, they'd better post a psychologist onboard because I'd need one if my parents were roaming the corridors. Thermal shear. Some of those eruptions are getting close to Enterprise.
Not exactly travelling light, are you? Okay. I trust you'll be taking the proper precautions on the surface. I'm surprised you haven't heard. An Andorian and two Rigelians were attacked. Apparently the Xindi incident has caused a degree of xenophobia. It's hard to believe in this day and age. I'm told the Vulcans are staying behind the walls of their compound. I don't think this is the same planet you remember, Doctor. People are looking for someone to blame and they don't care who it is. Well, thank you, that's very kind of you to say. Unfortunately, we can't actually give tours of the ship. If that policy ever changes, you two will be the first to know. Do you think I wore this jacket to attract attention? (It does have the Enterprise patch on the sleeve.) Is there something we can help you with? We're not going anywhere, Doctor. Sir, Why don't you just go back to the bar? Doctor? [T'Pol's family home - living room] (We see that the kitchen is part of the main area, as T'Les comes in. Trip is fixing her stasis unit.)
I'm picking up a large array of satellites. They're generating a detection grid. Seems like we've come to the right place. I've analysed every link in the grid. I can't find a single weakness. Make like one of the locals? We're being scanned. I'm not picking up any vessels in the vicinity. What are they waiting for? Lock. I've gone over the scans you brought back. That's the explosive matrix. If we can get close enough we can set off a chain reaction that will blow this thing to high heaven. A couple of photonic torpedoes should do the trick. Four hundred metres, two hundred. He's passing through the grid. He's in. Agreed. What do you propose we do? The longer we wait here, the greater the likelihood we'll be spotted. You can't possibly believe that has any chance of success. You'll just be captured or killed. Bridge to T'Pol. There's no need to go to the Xindi. It appears they're coming to us. [Bridge] Four Xindi vessels, closing fast. They're charging weapons. [Reptilian ship brig] We've lost hull plating. We've got hull breaches on C, D and E. The bulkheads aren't responding. We're venting atmosphere. [Engineering] (Tucker uses an extinguisher on a burning
Bridge to Captain Archer. We've picked up a vessel approaching at impulse. They're transmitting a distress signal. [Bridge]  They're trapped in a cluster of anomalies. They've taken engine damage. Minimal. Their life support system's failed.  There's been an explosion on C deck. We've got a hull breach.  Captain. (Archer hands over a weapon.) Don't move. (The Triannon injects himself but nothing happens. He tries to run but is stunned.) [Bridge] Captain, it's Reed. We have the Bridge. This'd be a lot easier if I had weapons back.
I'm not reading any weapons signatures. Possibly some sort of accident. There's no windows. I'm not sure whether this end's the bow or the stern. If it is, it's been fused shut. With your permission, sir? (He gets a phase pistol and starts cutting into the thing. When he's done, Archer forced the hatch open and starts coughing. T'Pol checks that the air inside is safe. Archer climbs inside and finds a seat at the far end. He turns it around to discover a desiccated occupant.) The hull seems to absorb EM radiation. Without all this damage, it never would have shown up on our sensors. Maybe he got a ride from someone. Could be an escape pod. Commander. (They've uncovered a round thing with thick wires leading off it in 4 directions.) Registers as some kind of bio-matter. Maybe we should get Phlox to come down and take a look. I see it. (it is a ladder heading off down into somewhere that shouldn't be there, given that the pod is no taller than a person.) It could be a hologram. You're not going down there? We should call the Bridge first. Let them know This gives space exploration a whole new meaning. You're the engineer. I'm picking up an energy signature. It's very faint. [Bridge] Commander! (A Suliban gets into the bay control room.) [Bridge] I'm getting unusual thermal readings. It's awfully warm inside that ship, more than two hundred degrees. That beam's interfering with our targeting scanners. Assuming that is the power grid. It boggles the mind, if you think about it. That ship could be from the thirty first century. When I was young, I always wanted to build a time machine, see the future. Don't tell me you've never wondered what it would be like. How our mission will turn out. If Daniels came here and offered you a chance to go to the thirty first century, you wouldn't take it? And you call yourself an explorer. Absolutely. Think of all the awkward first dates I could avoid. Sounds perfect. If we're happily ever after, what difference does it make? They're similar to the ones in the cockpit. He'd probably make a quick meal of you. If I could travel back in time, I know exactly what year I'd pick. 1588. England defeated the Spanish Armada. He'd probably make a quick meal of you. It seems like we were just in here. If I could travel back, I know exactly what year I'd pick. I think we're spending far too much time together. (They haul a plate off the Tardis exterior - again) I always wanted to meet a stegosaurus. The stegosaurus was a herbivore. [Bridge] We didn't imagine what happened. [Situation room] (T'Pol is studying the large display table.) We've spent a fair amount of time around that ship. They're charging weapons. We're losing ventral plating. Direct hit to the launch bay doors. They're trying to blast them open. They're offline, too. The hull plating's depolarising. I never thought I'd be glad to see the Suliban. Four minutes. Less if I had some help. I recommend moving the warhead as little as possible once we remove it. It was only an estimate, sir. I'm going to release the couplings. You'll need to disconnect the power conduits. The blue and red ones first. Turn the release counterclockwise until you feel it detach. [Engineering] Sir, if you'll hold it by the locking brace. (They remove the warhead. Archer helps to undo the casing.) It was only an estimate, sir. It's happening again. We've had this conversation before. I'm not certain. If time's not repeating outside the launch bay, the Tholians could be close. Aye, Captain. (Archer places the warhead inside the Tardis.) It was only an estimate, sir. At least twice, maybe more. I'd recommend putting more distance between us and that ship. Good question.
Degra said these Kovaalans have only one or two ships inside the nebula. I suggest we enter here, above this layer of metreon gas. It should reflect our engine signature, create multiple sensor ghosts, false readings. If we're lucky they won't know which one to fire at. [Degra's ship] (He's docked with another Xindi ship,) Are you sure it's not a sensor reflection? Must be the NX02, Colombia. Phase cannons are offline. All plating's gone. No sign of pursuit. Is this taken? No. Actually, I didn't. Apparently the Reed family line came to a rather unceremonious end. You'd think on a ship quite this size I'd have been able to find someone, but. Yeah, and it would appear I'm going to be one of them. This seat's available.  [Ready room] They're preparing to go to warp. Hull plating at sixty one percent. They have the same complement of weapons as we do. We've lost hull plating. Weapons are gone. Sir, they still have one torpedo in the forward tube. It's locked onto our starboard engine. Weapons are standing by. They've detected us. Three ships are on an intercept course. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) The nebula's interfering with our targeting scanners. We'll have to wait until they get closer. Aft plating's at forty two percent. Just a few more seconds, sir. We have a lock. The lead ship's been disabled. The other two are falling back. Sir, the Kovaalans will be in weapons range in less than twenty seconds. [E2 - Bridge] Weapons are down. [E2 - Bridge] No sign of pursuit. No sign of him yet, sir. Captain's starlog, supplemental. It's been five hours, and the other Enterprise still hasn't arrived. Repairs to our impulse drive are underway. [Ready room]
 We’re losing forward hull plating! (T'Pol is in Starfleet uniform.) No effect. Weapons are offline.  There’s a power surge in the starboard nacelle. It seems to have been caused by an anomaly. After course. Twenty degrees to port. [Corridor] (An anomaly rips alone the corridor. They run to a junction but bulkheads blow out and T'Pol's foot is trapped by debris. Archer tries to free her.) That last one took out warp engines. We’ve lost weapons. It is. (T'Pol steers Enterprise so that the docked ship smashes into the other Xindi vessel and breaks up. The starboard nacelle is damaged too.) Both ships are disabled. [Situation room] We’ve taken nine prisoners but the Brig was only designed for two. I’m not sure what to do with the others. We’re not going to get very far at that speed.  There’s a ship approaching at high warp. It’s Vulcan. You're looking well, sir. Actually, I’ve been promoted to Captain.  I’m picking up an intermittent duranium signature. I’m not certain. It’s in a close orbit around the sun.  There’s a small vessel just outside the chromosphere. The hull configuration doesn’t match. There’s one biosign on board. His warp coils are charging. We searched your ship. We didn’t find any cargo. We found your species in our Vulcan database. It appears Yridians are information dealers. Phlox? The Xindi ships are in range. Our shields are holding. Nice to know they work in combat. The Insectoid ship's been damaged. They’re losing power. Their engine's disabled. Forward shielding’s at fifty two percent. [Corridor] Our phase cannons are down. Our forward shield's collapsing! They’re targeting the Bridge!
(in MACO uniform) The Booth will be far more effective than our previous disciplinary methods. Well, that's what's so exceptional about this device. Traditional forms of punishment can overwhelm the nervous system. After a time, the brain ceases to feel anything. I'm not certain. I suspect he was late for his duty shift. Aren't all Tellarites guilty of something? (Forrest leaves, and Archer scurries after him.) [Corridor] Sir, let me take him down to the Cargo bay. I'll finish him quickly, quietly. Still, it'd be tragic if there was an accident on the way to the Brig. (Archer slams Reed against the bulkhead.) Perfectly, sir. [Bridge] (T'Pol is slouched in the Captain's chair, naked midriff fully on display and hair down below her shoulders.) Captain on the Bridge. There's one biosign aboard. Tholian. He's seen us. He's arming weapons. Done. It wasn't my doing, sir. I targeted his weapons only. Captain. (The Tholian ship explodes.) A distress signal. You think it has a comm. device in there? Sir, I recommend we beam it into space immediately. There are dozens of EPS feeds on this deck, and the only one that overloads is the one connected to the cloaking device. The saboteur entered this junction and deliberately overloaded this EPS waveguide. The intruder alarms were disabled. There's only one way I know of. By running a high-level diagnostic scan. Commander Tucker initiated a scan thirty minutes before the overload. [Agony booth] I'd like to see you try. It's likely the crew was executed. If you'd like, sir, I could hold that for you. (So Archer puts it in his belt.) [Decon Chamber] (The Tholian has started making noises again.)
Sensors can't identify its hull composition. There doesn't even seem to be a warp signature. It's big, more than five hundred metres across. What the hell is that? Weapons aren't charging, sir. They're offline. Phase cannons, torpedoes. [Engineering] The atmosphere's changing. Seventy six percent nitrogen, twenty one percent oxygen. Eighteen degrees. I'm not reading anything. It's like they're not there. If there aren't any life-forms here, then who modified the atmosphere? It sounds like you were dreaming, Commander. I'll see what I can do. [Ready room] When we were outside, we saw a wisp of vapour penetrate him. Did you have anything to do with that? Captain. (Through the porthole, we see the ship is moving.) Sir. (A yellow wisp enters the Mess hall, then Tucker, and a blue one leaves.) Commander. (Reed and Tucker leave.) B deck is fine. Are you a female? Your gender. You are a female, correct? I am a male. There seem to be a number of anatomical differences. Sub-Commander. You are very beautiful. Are you aware that you are the most attractive woman on board this ship? Would you mind taking off your clothing? I'd like to learn more about your anatomy. If we are to engage in mating, it would be easier if you disrobed. Are you afraid of me? You shouldn't be. What is it like being a female? Is it much different? If you'd allow the crossing, you'd find out. If you came to us, you could experience what it's like to be male. Wouldn't that be helpful to you? You should. We're capable of letting you experience anything you wish for. It would be a shame not to take advantage of that. (As he reaches to touch her face, the door opens and T'Pol moves away.) That depends.
Keep those target discriminators aligned. We don't want a torpedo mistaking one of our own nacelles for an enemy vessel. I would have come to you, Captain. I've been reviewing our encounters with hostile species. The crew's response has been admirable but I feel we can do better, sir. I've been thinking about a ship wide emergency alert. Something a bit more comprehensive than battle stations. We're taking far too long to react to potential threats. With a single order from you, or an impact to the hull, the plating could be polarised, weapons brought online, critical systems secured. That's obvious, sir. During our last run-in with the Suliban we were unprepared for their boarding parties. When the Mazarites attacked they disabled our aft sensors with their first shot. The list goes on. (He hands over a PADD.) Yes, sir. Condition Red? What about Condition Red for the new security protocol? Well, that's not very dynamic. I beg your pardon? Just what the captain needs in a crisis, a place to rest his beverage. If you really want to improve tactical readiness, why don't you help me with this protocol? It's a chair. Reed Alert. That's not bad. It was lovely. That's not necessary. Please. Not hungry. Well it was a bit salty. Well, it just must be me, then. Everybody else seems to be enjoying it. (The pair get up to leave, still intent on their PADDs.) [Sickbay] (Travis is lying on the gurney that goes into the body scanner.) I've been working on the new security protocol. Obviously, the reactor must be secured immediately during a Tactical Alert. I considered your suggestion, Reed Alert, but it seemed a bit narcissistic. I've also been working on a new alert signal. Tell me what you think. (a klaxon) Or this one? (more like a buzzer) Well, which do you prefer? A Tactical Alert. Well, they were designed to get your attention. (He takes the PADD off Reed and puts it on a shelf.) I also need your help on an emergency shutdown procedure for the EPS grid. Fine. Let's hope we don't suffer a catastrophic reactor breach in the meantime. Clearance code. What is your clearance code? The Armoury is a restricted area. How do I know you are the First Officer? We've encountered species that can alter their appearance. They could masquerade as any one of us. I've issued codes to all senior officers to reveal if the ship's been infiltrated by impostors. It was sent to your console as a voice-encrypted command packet. Why do you want to access the sensor array from your quarters? I wasn't informed. From now on, security personnel are to wear side arms in all restricted areas. It's in my proposal. I've been trying to get him to pay closer attention to security since we left spacedock, but he's more interested in fraternising with the crew. Inviting them to breakfast, and to watch water polo. I intend to implement some long-overdue changes, and if the Captain won't approve them then I'll go directly to Starfleet Command. Was there anything else? This is a Tactical Alert. All hands report to your stations. I repeat, this is a Tactical Alert. [Bridge] The crew's response was unacceptable. Thirty eight percent of them failed to report to their stations. Critical systems haven't been secured. I haven't even heard from Engineering. It wouldn't be much of a drill if everybody knew about it, sir. One minute and fifteen seconds. It took you one minute and fifteen seconds to reach your post. I'd expect more of our Commanding Officer given that the crew just might follow his example. One minute and forty nine seconds. You ignored a tactical alert for this? This is all a big joke to you. This isn't a bloody pleasure cruise. Without proper discipline on this ship, this mission is doomed. If this were a military situation you'd be taken out and shot. (Tucker grabs Reed and pushes him up against the bulkhead. Archer has to break them up.) You wanted to see me, Captain? I heard, sir. I've already deactivated the new protocols. No objection, sir. I'll get right on it. [Bridge] (Trip has just finished putting the Captain's chair back in its place>)
If we reinforce structural integrity we should be able to weather it without too much trouble. Actually, there is something. (Reed climbs down into Phlox's area.) I assume I can depend on doctor-patient confidentiality. Is it that obvious? The EV simulator at Lunaport, or as Starfleet trainees call it, The Vomitorium. Thank you, Doctor. Never better. (Reed leaves.) I'll see your strawberry shortcake, and I'll raise you one pineapple cobbler. (Hoshi puts down her bet.) Oh, what I wouldn't give for a shower right about now. When this hand's over maybe you could look into building one. You knew we'd be stuck in here for over a week. You might've given it a little thought to making it tolerable. Well, I obviously overestimated your people's abilities when it comes to indoor plumbing. Pot roast? Oh, come on. That's the third time in three days. We're having movie night in here? They're trying to re-initialise the warp reactor, sir. It seems to me they've already decided to help themselves to Enterprise. I could take a security team and bring back more. Aye, Captain. (Archer heads off on his own to the Galley, and gets at a control panel there.) [Catwalk command area] Go ahead. [Catwalk command area] It's hard to tell them apart in those ridiculous hats.
Isn't that where Starfleet keeps a stockpile of infectious diseases? What would they want with a Klingon Bird of Prey? You're bringing him along. The area where the Klingon ship was attacked. Doctor. I think I've had all I can stand. Two vessels are coming up behind us. The interceptors have jumped to warp. They're gone. [Soong's quarters] Reed. Yes, sir. Soong hasn't used this code in years. Orion Interceptors, two of them. Coming up fast. They're targeting our nacelles. The second Orion is veering off. They're retreating. Let him go. We have five times your strength, double your intelligence. Let him go.
Ensigns. Enjoy the show last night? Those were two hours of my life I'd rather have back. [Captain's mess] What were they like? I hope he's not planning to show them the Armory. Still, we're not familiar with these species. Tactical systems should be off-limits. Starboard targeting sensor's out again. No. I'll take care of it. It'll only take a moment. You have the Bridge, Ensign. (Reed leaves.) Permission to take my station? That one hit our port bow. Power's down on C-Deck, subsection four. No other damage. We're losing main power. Yes, sir. Understood. Looks like he slipped through here. We could remove these conduits but it would take some time. (Archer switches on Daniels' 'walk through walls' device) Sir? (Archer tests it, his hand passes through the bulkhead. Reed hands over a phase pistol.) Aye, sir.
I see her. Go ahead, Captain. No indication, sir. [Inside a module] (Maklii and Tucker enter.) The Klingon ship's gone to warp, sir. I'm sending a shuttlepod down. I was hoping for a bit more to work with. With a few modifications these should be effective against more than lizards. But this battle won't be won with firepower. Deception and surprise can be just as potent as brute force. The gullies on this hillside, are they deep enough to hide in? You ready? (Hoshi starts up the training We've got to get them to move fifty metres to our left. A little farther. This is good. (Archer watches Korok advance on a pile of stones.)
Go ahead. Aye sir.
No. (He points somewhere else then hands over a weapon.) REED: I'll take up. You take down. [Bridge] Sickbay! Crewman down in the Armoury! (He rushes to Burrows, turns him over and sees that half his face is now a squidgy mess.) [Transporter alcove]
They must have atmosphere on their Bridge. Well, brace yourself. Whoever it is, they'll be sure to fire back. (There's a bang.) [Control area] Some of these circuits are live, but I don't know what they're for. What about the other half? That'd make sense. These consoles look like crew stations. Do you think it's possible that there's no one else on board? It could be a prototype. Outfit an existing ship with the latest in computer controls. How's that? We've gone back to warp. Do you think warp control runs through here? Did you do that? You've found the off switch?  Can you make any sense of this? That's where we are. If this were Enterprise, that'd be the power coupling for the entire warp control system, including the backups. Maestro. [Control area] Ready when you are. It went out. [Control area] Wasn't me. (They both try the door controls.) Negative. They're not responding. (Trying to push the door open fails too.) Who are you? [Control area] Commander, what's happening? I've got a better idea. Make sure you're well away from the door. [Control area] Everything's off. Commander, what's your status? All right. I'll reconnect the matrix. Open the hatch! Commander? I'm reconnecting the warp matrix! [Control area] Shut off the radiation! There! Now shut it off! And open this hatch! (The hatch opens and Reed takes the two suit helmets in with him. He helps Tucker sit up.) Commander, stay with me. [Control area] We're better off here than on the Bridge. (We get to see what the Romulans don't know - a phase pistol set to overload lodged in the power conduit panel.) [Control area] I apologise for saving your life, Commander. It won't happen again. According to the bridge schematic, this is an access panel. Away from the Bridge. We should assume that we're being monitored. Did you ever read the manual that came with that thing? (Tucker looks down at his phase pistol, then Malcolm turns to show his holster is empty.) The warning about inadvertent overload? By now, less than a minute. (Tucker joins him in getting the panel open.) [Control area] I wired it directly into the power conduit. (There's a very big bang, the hull of the modified warbird is breached, and the monitors in the control area revert to the Romulan symbol as Nijil's console goes blank.) You're good at building things. I'm good at blowing them up. No, we might be safer trying to find another area with life-support. What about the warp matrix? We're both here, Captain. [Control area] They do know we're on board? I can't imagine how things could get much worse! They left us. You were right. This is worse. If I had to wear this helmet for one more minute, I swear it would've fused to my skull. I tell you, I'd like to find the designer of this suit and make him wear it for three days. Yeah, you would've done the same for me. You're what? I saved your life! If you put a reprimand in my file, it could be years before I'm even eligible for (He sees the grin growing on Tucker's face.) Are you pulling my leg?
The Captain said they'd be mapping this asteroid field, but I can't see head nor tails of them. No, this is the one. Two primaries, seventeen planetesimals. (Tucker is examining a circuit with a laser.) Well, with our sensor array down, we won't know when they get back until we see them. Any luck with the comm? Well, no doubt you'll have your boys take this pod apart piece by piece once it's back in the launch bay. Well, tinker all you like. I've got a copy of Ulysses here. I doubt I'll even be halfway through it by the time the ship gets back. British schools have a core curriculum. It serves to provide a well-rounded education. Sometimes I think you North Americans read nothing but comic books and those ridiculous science fiction novels. Oh, if only Doctor Cochrane had been a European. The Vulcans would have been far less reticent to help us. But, no, he had to be from Montana. He probably spent his nights reading about cowboys and Indians. Commander. Commander. I think you'd better come and take a look at this. (They are passing an asteroid with a big crash site on it.) Is it a ship? They'd be here. They only go three hundred kph. They'd be right here waiting for us to return. Commander, we have to figure out what we're going to do. With what? We have no radio. Nothing to pick up the beacons. It's offline. Ten million kilometers, maybe twenty, but I highly doubt there'd be a ship anywhere close to that. At impulse? A lot more than ten days. I'm afraid the math doesn't work out, Commander. It's going to take weeks, maybe months for our signal to reach Echo Three. By the time Starfleet got a ship out here we'd be, we'd be long dead. Sir. Which way to what? I told you, it's too far. Navigation is down. You want me to guess? Sir. I don't suppose you have a sextant handy. That blue giant, we may have gone by it. I'm not sure. Personal log, Lieutenant Malcolm Reed. November 9, 2151. By the time anyone hears this, by anyone, I suppose I mean anyone human, Commander Tucker and I will be long dead. It's my intention to recount the events that led to the destruction of the Starship Enterprise and to express my deepest feelings regarding my short but memorable service with Starfleet. [OC] short but memorable service with (rewinds) that our sensor array had gone offline. (resumes) We had no choice but to head back to the asteroid field where Enterprise was involved in a mapping project. We found the ship destroyed, its debris strewn across a square kilometre of one of the larger asteroids. Had our sensors been working we certainly would have done everything possible to determine the cause of the disaster, but as it was, with only a short-range distress beacon and limited air, we had no alternative but to set a course for Echo Three where someday this vessel and eventually this log, will be found. May God have mercy on our souls. What would you like me to do? If there's something you need me to do I would be more than happy to comply, but I'm afraid pessimism is simply not an accurate description of my log entry. I'm just being realistic, Commander. At warp, perhaps, but at impulse? But that's just it, sir. At impulse, we're not likely to be running into any planets. Not for at least six or seven years. I'll heat up some rations. Unless of course you'd rather wait until we run into a vessel serving proper meals. What are you in the mood for? Veal marsala. Chilean sea bass. Moo Goo Gai Pan. With gravy and mashed potatoes. Kentucky bourbon. The sea bass. It's lovely. Thank you. (Later again, Trip is trying to sleep but Reed is still doing dictation.) Captain Archer claims you told him you weren't even aware that I was serving on Enterprise. I find that difficult to believe, considering I wrote you twice in the weeks prior to our departure. Now, it is possible that you never received those letters. You were, I believe, in the process of moving back to Malaysia at the time. But you must have spoken to Aunt Sherry during that period, and I know she received my letters. I would hate to go to my death thinking that either of you felt I was trying to avoid As I'm sure you must have heard that was my esteemed colleague, Commander Charles Tucker. Mister Tucker doesn't share my belief that it is essential to say what must be said, to leave a record, tie up loose ends. Mister Tucker is labouring under the false hope that we are going to be miraculously rescued before we both suffocate. In a few days, when the reality of this situation actually begins to sink in, you might very well decide you want to record some logs of your own. You have my word, I will not interrupt you. We have less than nine days of oxygen left. It seems a waste to use it up sleeping. We're back. What happened? How did we? I'm afraid I don't understand. Sub-Commander? I'd feel a lot better if I knew what was going on. Heroics? Well, since you're obviously not going to tell me what happened I suppose a simple good night will have to do. I can't say I've ever ignored you, T'Pol. Is it all right if I call you T'Pol? I suppose so. But, if the truth be known, I've never much cared for the name Malcolm. Always seemed a bit too stuffy. Well, then, perhaps I won't change it. Pity, though. I was rather growing fond of the name Stinky. I can't believe you just did that. You smiled. I saw you smile. This one does. I saw you. (T'Pol leans closer and closer.) T'POL You're mistaken. It was when I said Stinky, wasn't it? You smiled when I said Stinky. Good morning, Stinky. It's a lovely day,` isn't it, Stinky? (She laughs gently and then they almost kiss when a whistle sound goes (sitting up) I beg your pardon? You repaired the receiver. What is that? Is it a ship? What the hell was that? We're losing atmosphere. Pressure's down eight percent. Without sensors it's not going to be easy to locate the breach. Pressure's down twenty two percent. Where is it? (Tucker rips open a ceiling panel.) REED: What are you doing? We've got some valve sealant in storage bin three. Do you mind passing your meat loaf? I assume you've finished with it. (Trip uses his feet to get the tray off the bench and push it over to Reed, who puts his boot into the mash and then uses it to block first his tiny hole and then the other one.) I'm afraid it did more than just puncture the cabin, Commander. On it's way out it was kind enough to rupture one of the O2 cylinders. We've got less than two days of air left. (Later, replacing the mash with proper sealant) The skin of this pod is designed to deflect a meteor five times the size of this hole. We'll never know. We have forty hours of air left. What do you expect me to do, sit here and plan my wedding? Then maybe it's your wedding we should be planning. That's assuming we can find you a bride in the next day and a half. Any suggestions? The 602 Club. I was there more times than I can remember. Ruby? You don't mean the waitress Ruby? I knew her more times than I can remember. Seems we have more in common than we thought. What are you talking about? Our last two and a half days freezing versus our last two days toasty warm. What a delightful choice. Freezing it is then. (He hangs up a mirror.) An officer at his best is always well-groomed. (And starts shaving.) Actually, I was thinking about what our corpses would look like when they're eventually found. With no air in the pod, we should remain in fairly good condition. What's that? Thanks. [Ready room] My dearest Deborah. By this time I'm certain you've learned of the tragedy that befell the starship Enterprise. You've also undoubtedly learned that my colleague, Commander Charles Tucker, and I did manage to survive for a few days after the accident. It's during that brief time that I've chosen to correspond with you. Although our relationship was short-lived, and at times tumultuous, I can't help but picture your beautiful smile. It gives me great comfort. Think of me My dearest Rochelle. By this time I'm certain you've learned of the tragedy That's not true. There have been subtle differences. I would never refer to Rochelle as having a beautiful smile. With her, it was the eyes. If the Captain were here with us now I wonder if he'd feel guilty about bringing them on this mission. I don't remember Hoshi loving much about being in deep space. Sounds to me like you do have some letters to record. You know, your treacly optimism is beginning to get just a little bit tiresome. At least I'm capable of accepting our fate. We're going to be dead in about thirty three33 hours. Whether our beards continue to grow or not is of no concern to me. We will be dead! And unless some ship happens to cross our path, our bearded bodies will be discovered in about three or four years. Is that optimistic enough for you? What's your problem with facing the truth? I'm not hungry. (Tucker gets out the bourbon.) I don't drink on duty. Do you really think that's going to provide any heat? You know that's going to consume oxygen, don't you? Is that really how you see me? The eternal pessimist? The grim reaper? I don't want to die. What makes you think I want to die? I lost nearly everyone I cared about on that ship. Those girls I talked about. Rochelle, Deborah, Catelin. None of them worked out because I could never get very close to them. Never got very close to my family either, for that matter, not that it's any business of yours. But with the crew of the Enterprise, it was different. I was really starting to feel comfortable with them, and now the only one that's left thinks I'm the bloody angel of death. (Tucker blows out candle.) Does that sound modulated enough for you? The radio. Or is it just the galaxy giggling at us again? (He takes another drink.) You know, it's funny. I was just beginning to think that Captain Archer was invincible, you know? Just serving on the same starship as him made me feel safe for some reason. He had a knack for getting us out of trouble, didn't he. Clear my mask? The Captain? I can't imagine why you'd have a problem with that. And who was that? A moray eel? Are you out of your mind. (Reed is still drinking.) So? That must have been the last time the Captain ever went diving with you. Hey, what do you think of T'Pol, hmm? Do you think she's pretty? Well, she's a woman, you know? I think she's pretty. Don't tell me you've never looked at her, you know, in that way. Well, I think she's pretty. You ever noticed her bum? Her bum. She's got an awfully nice bum. Awfully nice! (The comm. crackles again.) REED: It's probably nothing, right? Well then, that means it's something. What is it? Well, is it something or someone, because if it's someone Sorry. We have no way to respond, do we. This is like the plane flying over the desert island in a lost-at-sea movie. Sorry. Happy endings. I must think happy endings. Don't be so pessimistic. It's not impossible. It's Hoshi. They're okay. Enterprise is okay. It's Hoshi! Rendezvous. What a beautiful word. What's wrong? And we only have a little more than one day's air left. Yes, not that it matters. They're probably travelling at what, warp two, warp three? Compared to them, we're like a garden snail. Where we go and how fast we get there is irrelevant. How much? An hour's worth? Great. So when they reach us in two days we'll have been out of air for eleven hours. You ever try holding your breath for eleven hours? Enterprise is going to wonder why we haven't responded, right? Maybe they'll be concerned and increase their speed. Can they see us on their sensors? Then we've got to get that blip to tell them to pick up a little steam. What if we fired our weapons? What if we jettison the impulse drive? Well, you could rig a self-destruct. I imagine that would make quite an explosion. Maybe even big enough to make that blip do something odd. What's the difference between that and travelling at a snail's pace? Then I'll ask you again. Ever hold your breath for eleven hours? How does it feel to be slower than a snail? Fine. Less than twelve hours, you win. More than twelve and it's mine. Go check the pressure gauge. I can't believe we've been sitting here that long. Ten hours. The whiskey's yours. Now, why don't you give us a toast before Great idea. Why don't you climb up into the airlock and seal yourself in. Any last words you want me to pass along? What are you doing? You're crazy. Now get down from there! If anyone should go up in there, it should be me. You're the Chief Engineer. Commander. It's set to stun. I don't want to use it, but I will. Go to hell! (Tucker comes back down.) What would you know about being a hero? It takes nothing but a coward to crawl up inside a hole to die. Be my guest. I could use a little less responsibility. Now, get down here. Your Armoury Officer, and perhaps your friend. You know, I'm not a doctor, but I'm pretty sure you use up a lot more oxygen when you shout like that! That's exactly what I'm saying. If there's one chance in a thousand that they saw our impulse drive explode, that they increased their speed, I'll take that chance. I've invested far too much time trying to figure you out, Mister Tucker. I'm not about to accept that it was all for nothing. [Sickbay] We're back. How did? The Commander. You must have seen the explosion. You don't say. We saw debris from Enterprise on one of the asteroids. We assumed, we thought you were all. Sub-Commander. Isn't there something you're supposed to say to me? Heroics. Something about heroics. Trip? (Tucker is out cold.) REED: Mind if I call you Trip? Sleep well, my friend. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
They looked that way the entire time. Besides, they didn't really lose their temper until they arrived here in the mess hall. What's playing? Oh, sounds fun. Hoshi? We might need a translator. Those subtitles go by pretty fast. Two and a half hours? Seems awfully long for a movie about four men in a truck. You promised me explosions. This is all wrong. (gets up) Excuse me. Reed to Bridge. We're trying to watch a movie down here but instead, we're being treated to a view of you. So unless you're planning on giving us a little song and dance, maybe you could see what's gone wrong. [Captain's mess] (Out of uniform, watching the water-polo game on the wall screen, eating snacks and drinking beer.) Captain. (Reed goes first, the rest follow carefully.) Careful. (The filament tightens on Kelly.) (gets out scanner) She's alive. Captain! (Archer is dragged along the floor, Trip hanging onto him. Despite shooting at the tentacle, he's pulled up into the web, and Tucker is grabbed around the chest.) This thing appears to be growing. There's no telling if it'll get out of the cargo bay. I recommend we evacuate the entire deck. You think they left us a little souvenir? You didn't see that thing go after the Captain! It seemed hostile enough to me. Do you think that's wise, Doctor? [Sickbay] With all due respect, Hoshi, we're not talking about nouns and verbs here. It could take you days to learn a language like that, even if it is one. None that I could tell. It'll take a few minutes. [Cargo bay two] Bridge, something's wrong. [Situation room] Doctor? Off. (The creature stops twitching and the captives stop screaming.) [Situation room] Understood. [Situation room] There must be some way to cut them out of there. The end result's the same. If that thing continues to grow, we're going to have to find a way to contain it. Starfleet's been working on creating a stable EM barrier for the last five years. Right. They just haven't found a way to control the particle density. All the specs are in the database. I've been trying to jerry-rig a prototype of my own. I've got it stable enough to absorb a phase pistol blast sixty percent of the time. I think I can improve on that. How's our little friend? (He means the tentacle.) But it's alive? Good. Now, if you don't mind, I'd like to run a few tests of my own. I need to determine how much bioelectric stress it can tolerate. I'm trying to create a force field to isolate the cargo bay, but if it's going to work, I have to calculate how much of a jolt it will take to repel the organism without killing it or any of the people it's taken. Why not? Intelligent being or not, its big brother is in the Cargo bay strangling the Captain and four other crewmen. If we don't do something to contain it now it could pose a threat to everyone on board. Such as? How long would that take? In less than an hour that thing could spread across half a deck. Not if they're trying to kill the Captain. I admire your interspecies ethics, but until Hoshi tells me she's found a way to communicate with it, I have to assume its intentions are hostile. Now, if you don't mind. I'm sure I don't have to remind you, Doctor, I am the ranking officer here. The Captain is in no condition to offer an opinion. Fine. Your rules, but we'd better get to it. [Mess hall] (The two women are working at separate tables.) The particle density's still fluctuating. I think the problem's in the lower left quadrant. Try again. (The phase beam doesn't penetrate this time.)REED: Better. Go ahead. I'm making the final calibrations now. Understood. {Cargo bay two] Emitter B's off by three point two microns. (He steps outside to It just sounds like a constant tone. Its home world? Is that good or bad? The part that got on board, why did it take our people?
Yeah, another time, Doctor. I'm due back in the Armoury. It's definitely pre-warp, sir. It could be unmanned. Maybe a probe of some kind. It's pretty crowded out there. A lot of spacecraft and artificial satellites.
I didn't know you were a diver. Mermaids. Are you going to spend your vacation doing the same thing you've been doing onboard for the last ten months? Well, I'm certainly up for meeting some new people. I appreciate the offer, but I was hoping for something more than a linguistic seminar. [Bridge] (Tucker enters wearing an Hawaiian shirt.) Captain, can you come to the Bridge? They're charging weapons. Port hull plating's offline. No effect. They're using some kind of energy shielding. Undoubtedly, but we can't fire them at warp. Particle discharge, sir. It would destabilize our warp field and most likely blow out both our nacelles. I've been working on the problem, but I haven't quite I've got a lock. Their shields are failing. They're dead in the water, sir. (They are jolted by another weapons hit.) Replacing power couplings? Hardly. If you must know, I much prefer the shooting back part. I need something to do on this ship, Commander. Then I'd say Starfleet needs to make its presence known on Risa. [Mess hall] (Hoshi and V'Lar are looking out of a window.) Any good restaurants? I imagine that's quite good for the skin. (interrupted by a beep) Three ships coming up fast. Our Mazarite friends, sir, and they've brought company. We could drop to impulse, use the phase cannons. They're closing to twenty thousand kilometres. Fifteen. [Deleted scene - Engineering] They're holding at four point nine, sir. I don't believe they can either, sir. They're releasing drive plasma to keep their warp coils from overloading. They're re-entering weapons range, sir. They're matching our speed. They're still gaining on us. The Mazarites will be in firing range long before then. We could try deflecting their jamming signal, sir. Use it to blind their sensors as well. Aye, sir. That's a direct hit to our starboard nacelle. We can't hold off those ships for that long.
No ships out there, sir. Reports of injuries on B deck. (Lots more stuff goes bang and flash.) REED: No one's out there, sir. That's very close to the fire. That'd be me, sir.  [Ship's hull] (Two figures walk across the girders over a hole in the hull to approach the green Vesuvius.) Where's the other valve? Commander, I have a problem.  [Ship's hull] I think the heat's warped the metal. The panel won't open. This is going to take a while.  [Bridge] Almost there.  [Bridge] I'm almost finished, Captain. I'm sorry sir, you're breaking up. (So's his eyesight.) There's no time. Do what you have to do so I can shut this down. Tactical alert. All hands to stations.  [Bridge] Reptilians. We don't stand a chance against them. Not in the shape we're in. They're charging weapons. Then you know where they're vulnerable, where to target our weapons. He's knocked out their shield generators. Their weapons are down. Degra was spot on. He knew exactly where to hit them. Sir, he's charging weapons! (Two more shots from Degra and the big warship falls apart.)
They're preparing to launch. It may be faster but it's not well-armed. How many ships are escorting the weapon? She's in no condition to come up here. Sir, she's barely conscious. We won't be able to transport directly onto the control platform, it's too heavily shielded. We'll have to beam in and out no deeper than this peripheral framework. Sir, she's hardly in any shape She was drugged. There's no reason to believe that she'll remember anything. And you, sir? At least we'll only have one ship to contend with. [Bridge] Aye sir. Sir. She's holding up. She and the MACO's are at the transporter device. (into communicator) Reed to Archer. I'm pretty sure that was the last one, sir. Are you sure? But if we knock the reactor out, won't that be enough? I'll take care of it, sir. As Chief Tactical Officer, sir Can you get a lock on him? It's done. Captain Archer destroyed the weapon. (Tucker watches the rest of the team come back on board.) Captain didn't make it, Trip. The weapon exploded before he could transport to Degra's ship. (Hoshi hugs Tucker, and T'Pol looks ready to cry.) [Ready room] (As Enterprise is taken back into the Aquatic ship's shuttlebay.) The Captain would be proud. You'd think they'd be waiting with bated breath. The Reptilians destroyed Yosemite Station.
Somewhere else? He's almost there. [Station core] You have to divert the secondary relays. [Station core] The panel to the left. What about the Captain? They crossed the Klingon border approximately two hours ago. He knows the Klingons will intercept us if we follow him. They have half a dozen patrols in the area. Perhaps we could fake a Klingon warp signature. Forward plating's holding. Their warp field's fluctuating. They'll be in visual range in less than two minutes. They're altering course. [Soong's quarters] It's a lot bigger than the last one. This one's a D5 class battle cruiser. Aft plating is failing. We may be able to surprise them with a torpedo if we drop to impulse. Two more seconds, Captain. Ready, sir. (The grappler lines shoot out and attach to one of the Klingon's nacelles.) They're targeting the grappler. We're losing the grappler. Weapons are standing by. A direct hit to the Armoury. We've lost hull plating, torpedo launchers. The aft cannon's online, just barely. He's overloading his dilithium matrix. He'll destroy their ship.
Hawkins! The Sphere had an automated defence mechanism. He was killed. I'm sorry, Major. Why have they stopped? They could have been half way to Earth by now. We've been out-gunned before, sir. We did not come all this way to give up without a fight. Captain Archer, please report to the Bridge. [Bridge] Six vessels approaching, sir. All aquatic. Have you assembled your boarding party? I wish I was leading it myself. No offence, Major. It's just that Ensign Sato is a friend. Here's my report on Corporal Hawkins. First, I'd like to know if we have a problem. If you blame me for the Corporal's death. I did everything I could. Things happened very fast. I'm not finished. Hawkins may well have been a MACO, but he was my responsibility out there. If I contributed to that, I apologise. Bridge to the Captain. We're approaching the co-ordinates. They're moving to intercept, but they're keeping a substantial force around the weapon. Give me the word, sir. We're in range. Minor damage to the starboard nacelle. We're still in the fight. Aye, sir. [Reptilian Bridge] (As the four MACOs beam on board and start searching.) They're preparing to launch. They're gone. [Sickbay] (A very crowded place with lots of filled beds.) Doctor? I'm afraid he's a bit of a mother hen. Thank you for bringing her home. What? No more of that talk. That's an order. (Hayes jerks and has a heart attack) (to all the MACOs) At ease. I've just come from Sickbay, where the Doctor assures me that Sergeant Kemper and Ensign Sato will make full recoveries. Unfortunately, Major Hayes' injuries were more severe. He didn't survive. I'm sorry. We've got less than ten hours before this weapon reaches Earth. The Captain wants to take a team aboard to destroy it. I don't imagine the reptilians will make this easy for us, but that's why you're here. That's why Major Hayes picked each one of you for this mission. Because he knew you'd get the job done. I need three volunteers. (all step forward) Woods, Ramira, Forbes. Assemble your gear. Meet me at the starboard airlock in ten minutes. [Sickbay] With pleasure. All set, sir.
Mister Plinn? Lieutenant Reed. The Captain asked me to escort you back to your ship. I'm afraid I'm under orders. It's just a precaution. He's trying to break loose. Direct hit to the port nacelle. He's dropping out of warp. So did I. That cloud he released, it got into the plasma vents. They'll have to be purged. The prisoner, sir, as ordered. Will there be anything else, Captain?
Captain, I'm picking up a metallic signature at the northern end of those equatorial islands. It looks like a landing craft.  Now at thirteen kilometres.  Sir. (He arrives at the alien craft. The hatch is open and it's empty.) What about him? (sweating) I never much care for the tropics. (alien) We don't have time for this. We have to find Urquat. It's all that matters now. We have to keep looking. It's somewhere close. They can help us, tell us what happened, why we can't remember. Have you got anything for my stomach? The Chef's food isn't sitting too well. What do you suggest I eat? Not bad, sir. How about yourself? Thank you, Captain. I could use a little rest. (Reed leaves.)
Then why don't the Denobulans evacuate their own scientists? Five hundred metres. (with scanner) Nothing but three humans, one of which is not entirely convinced we're going in the right direction. There's an opening. Over here. (further on they come to a sheer drop) Still willing to bet they came this way? Travis! Hey, what's that? (Tucker dusts off a metal box.) You don't suppose Denobulans carry out everything they bring in? Looks like we're on the right track. (They prepare to follow Travis.) [Sickbay] They went that way. Well, look at those. (He shines his light on some pretty crystals.) If I was a geologist, that's the way I'd go. I don't have much choice. It's getting steeper. We're already behind schedule, Ensign. We can't have you slowing us down. Thanks for getting us this far. More of the same. I didn't see any other passage. Three biosigns. Denobulan. About fifty metres. (They come out into a proper big cavern with artificial lights set up and scientific equipment.) The Denobulan Science Academy asked us to find you. Not quite. Your Science Academy will hold us responsible if we come back alone. You can't stay here forever. (further back) What's the problem? Feels like weapons fire to me. Pretty high yield by the sound of it. You mean to tell us that you climbed down that rock face without any ropes, any safety equipment at all? I'm fine. We need to get out of here before it starts up again. [Sickbay] I see them. Bearing one eight four mark two seven. (The patrol ship fires on the shuttlepod, shaking them up a bit.) Minimal damage. They're using low-power particle beams. [Bridge]
We've scanned ninety percent of the surface. [Command centre]  The human settlements are clustered within a few hundred kilometres of your location. About six thousand people. Fewer than a thousand. [Main Street] REED None, sir. Our quantum scans put the earliest structures at over two hundred and fifty years old. [Main Street] But they're all constructed of materials indigenous to the planet.  The Captain's been in there quite a while. Yeah. [Sheriff's Office] (to Cole) Secure the area. (to Woods) Find the Captain. (The fight in the livery stable crashes into an occupied stall, and between the unhappy horses legs. Bennings grabs a bale hook and starts swinging it. He gets it stuck in the timber and Archer finally takes him down.) [Briefing room] (Bethany is gazing out of the large window.)
They're diamagnetic storms, Captain, saturated with polaric energy. I read you, Commander. Welcome to the club. So he tells her it was merely a warp imbalance. We all heard it, Commander. There's no use pretending. Travis, let her eat her supper. You mean other than Cyrus Ramsey? Come on, Hoshi, everybody's heard of Cyrus Ramsey. They're still in the complex. I'm trying to isolate the specific chamber. Maybe you should forget about the UT. Just try and talk to them. You can do it, Ensign. It's as easy as one, two, (A crewman steps into the turbolift and activates it.) [Sickbay] The stream's too unstable. You can do it, Ensign. It's as easy as one, two The stream's too unstable. You can do it, Ensign. (she jumps onto the alien transporter pad) It's as easy as one, two (she dematerialises) [Transporter alcove] Three. (Hoshi materialises, dressed in her uniform and looking windswept and holding an equipment case) Everything's fine, Hoshi. Hoshi, the transporter was affected by the storms. I had some trouble reintegrating your matter stream. Eight point three seconds, to be precise. What?
It dropped out of warp thirty minutes ago. The pilot sent a brief  audio message. He insisted on speaking with you right away.  He wouldn't say, but I did manage to find his ship design in the  Vulcan database. It's Tellarite.  Send a security team. Bridge to Captain Archer. (Enterprise shudders.)  Engage the emergency clamps. (The little ship gets away and  shoots at the starboard nacelle.)  Pursuit course.  Get those teams up from the surface. (The shuttlepod returns.) [Sickbay] TUCKER    Sensors are picking up a faint warp signature.  Bearing oh seven one mark three two. It's erratic, but it matches  our Tellarite friend.    The signature's holding steady. Looks like he's orbiting a G-type star.    It appears to be a beacon of some kind. It's generating a warp  signature identical to the Tellarites.  I'm getting too much interference from that device. It's throwing  off our scans.  With pleasure, sir. (He phasers it into atoms.) [Skalaar's  ship] (It's  meal time, and Skalaar is serving up something from a pan on a stove.)  Bridge to Commander Tucker.  We're approaching the coordinates.  Two matching warp signatures, both in the upper atmosphere. More  subspace beacons. There is a ship on the surface. It seems to have  suffered engine damage, but it's not Tellarite.  One.  She's still in this section. The doctor says she's irrational, so  use caution.  We've been very worried about you, Sub-Commander. Let's get you  back to the Doctor.  I beg your pardon (She's almost trying to climb into his  spacesuit with him.)  Why don't we discuss this in Decon.  Doctor Phlox was very insistent. (Reed puts his hand on his phase  pistol, she pushes him against the bulkhead and he falls. She runs off    I've got them. Bearing two two six mark seven one.  They're closing in on him.  (The Klingons lock a tractor beam onto the pod, but Enterprise's  weapons fire disrupts it.)  They're charging weapons. (Enterprise shakes.)  I'm doing the best I can, sir. Their weapon ports are heavily  shielded.  Their weapons are down.  It's a long story. 
Judging by the debris pattern, I'd say their reactor breached. Escape pods. Multiple biosigns. I've analysed these hull fragments. The damage is consistent with Tellarite particle cannons. I'm reading a power buildup. They're opening fire. (Enterprise is rocked by multiple impacts.) No damage. Direct hit. Our dorsal plating's almost gone. That wasn't my doing, sir. I didn't target their power grid. [Conference room] (The lights are slightly dim, and two armed MACOs are present.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I believe we've found the Andorian ship, sir. I don't understand it, sir. The warp trail ends right here. Their life support's offline. You two, start down there. Let's hope the rest of this ship isn't as cramped. Stay alert. [Command area] (Nijil is working on the connections to the other person's helmet.) What's happening? We'll be fine, sir. [Bridge] Trip! (Tucker gets it reattached, but the dial is now down into the red.) Thanks. We're not going to get very far only sharing your supply. Right. With our luck, they probably breathe fluorine. [Bridge] Any luck? They must have atmosphere on their Bridge. Another access tube? Yeah. Perhaps it's on one of the lower levels. There's no rule that says the bridge has to be at the top of the ship. So I understand our First Officer's no longer married. Well, I was wondering what your intentions were. No. Simply curious. What is it? Perhaps they'll be kind enough to give us the specs. We could refill our tanks. [Shran's quarters - outside] (The door opens to reveal Talas in pink underwear and a classic provocative pose, one arm raised, one leg bent.) A little light-headed. About what? That's not why I asked. This is true. Thanks. (Now Tucker replenishes his own air supply.) [Command area] (The Romulans are moving around the surveillance camera images until they spot our two heroes.) Magnetise your boots. (Now they can walk again.) [Gral's quarters] (Shran puts his head out of a ceiling hatch and shoots two MACOs, before dropping to the floor. A fully dressed Talas
Captain. Well enough. That'll be fine, sir. (Archer sits.) Thank you, sir. I just wasn't sure whether you called me here to discuss something. I beg your pardon? Oh. I'm afraid I don't much follow football, sir. No, not particularly. I've been working on the duty roster, sir. We only have two crewmen assigned to the Armoury full time. If we added a third, Ensign Tanner would be free to begin those upgrades to those torpedo launchers I told you about. Sir? Whenever it's convenient. After you, sir. [Bridge] It was a thermo-kinetic explosion on the outer hull, port forward quarter. Breeches on C deck, D deck. (T'Pol discovers Hoshi is unconscious.) They're in place, but eight subsections have decompressed. I can't tell, sir. Not yet. I'd give you an answer if I could, sir. The sensor logs aren't showing anything. All systems were functioning normally. Figures are coming in, sir. Seventeen so far, including Hoshi. No fatalities. [Sickbay] It's armed with tricobalt explosives. I think it's a mine. And judging by the firepower, something similar damaged our ship. No reason to believe it's not. We don't know how it's triggered. Somebody has to go out there and defuse it, and it should be me. I have the ordnance training. (Archer nods and Reed leaves.) Lieutenant Reed to Bridge. I've opened the outer hatch. Wish me luck. (Weightlessness lifts him out.) [Bridge] Stand by. I'm going to run an internal scan. [Hull] There are proximity sensors, but they appear to be offline. [Bridge] It looks like the mine doesn't think it's hit anything. I believe I've found an access panel. I'm going to try and remove it and get a look inside. (Tucker enters the Bridge.) I'm removing the panel. [Hull] The arming mechanism's extending. (He turns to Go ahead. Understood. If you plan to go to warp, sir, you'll let me know? Our friends just vanished. Lieutenant Reed to Bridge. I've identified four separate detonation circuits. If I can isolate them in the proper sequence, I should be able to deactivate the mine. It'll take some doing, but to be honest, Captain, it's only a theory. [Bridge] The closest thing I'm familiar with that this device resembles is a Triton-Class spatial torpedo. I've disarmed at least half a dozen of those. I believe I can do it, sir. [Bridge] Bridge. [Bridge] Another one of those spikes I told you about. It just magnetised itself to the hull. On its way it went through my leg, sir. [Bridge] Actually, I'd prefer a leg. (Archer opens a case.) Actually, sir, I wouldn't do that. My scans show detonation circuits inside the spikes. I would consider letting you amputate, but if Chef got hold of it he'd be serving Roast Reed for Sunday dinner. Just give me something for the pain and I'll do my best to reach the access panel. What's more important, my leg or your ship? I don't see how. It's still a good idea. I hope that's an anaesthetic. (as it takes effect) Please, sir, may I have some more? With all due respect, Captain, disarming mines is extremely delicate business. I'm trained for it. You're not. It's too dangerous. Sir. I hope you've got a steady hand. [Sickbay] Right. Those are timing relays. You'll have to rotate each one counterclockwise seventy degrees, but it has to be done in the proper order. I'll guide you through it. Start with the relay to your upper right. Raise it one centimetre and then turn it seventy degrees counterclockwise. Good. Now pull it out slowly. Be careful not to touch the housing. Well done. Now complete that set on the diagonal. Sir? Well, I'm afraid I haven't started following one since breakfast, sir. Now, go to the relay top centre, but watch that one. I believe it may be damaged. It'll need some extra torque to deactivate it. No, not really, sir. Sir, do you really think that this is the appropriate time for a chat? Well, it isn't calming mine. If you must know, I was honoured to be asked to sit at your table. I just wasn't entirely comfortable having a casual meal with my captain. I was trained not to fraternise with superior officers. Frankly, sir, from my point of view that kind of socialising has no place on a starship. There are two left. Top left first. Well, since you asked. Bridge protocols have become somewhat lax. Too many people offering opinions. We're here to carry out your orders, sir. You're the Captain. And in the area of security I sometimes think you could show a little more caution, sir. Not to say that it hasn't been a privilege to have served with you. Sir? Now, reinsert all six relays, but in the reverse order. You're doing fine, sir. This last detonation circuit has an added attraction. I'm seeing something that looks like a back-up arming mechanism. We'll have to fool the circuit into thinking it's still online. There's a hyperspanner in the equipment case. Take out its power cell and strip off the casing. It was obvious, if you don't mind me saying so. What's strange, sir? God knows I tried. I'll need a circuit probe. (working on the power cell) I was raised on the water. I knew how to handle a boat before I could ride a bicycle. Studied all the great naval battles. I don't know. I suppose I thought I'd just grow out of it. Aquaphobia. More precisely, afraid of drowning. I had a great-uncle who suffered from the same problem, but he faced his fears. Joined the Navy, had a distinguished career. All you have to do is attach it to the cylinder on your upper right. It's working. Start with the topmost component. Use the caliper to lift it a few millimetres and then turn it clockwise three hundred and sixty degrees, and then gently reinsert it. He was something of a hero to me, my great-uncle. (Archer does as he's told.) Indeed. He signed up with the submarine service. He was a brave man. Wasn't long before he'd worked his way up through the ranks. Made chief engineer on the HMS Clement. Do you know the story of the Clement, sir? Good. Now, the other five components. Repeat the same process on each one, counterclockwise. They were on a routine patrol when they had an accident. Now, there's a beautiful irony for you. They hit a mine left over from some world war. There they were, trapped underneath an ice shelf, several compartments flooding, including Engineering. Can you imagine? My great-uncle, the man afraid of drowning? The ship was sinking, losing power. According to his lieutenant, my great-uncle sealed himself in the engine room and kept the reactor online long enough for his crew to make it to the escape pods. He went down with his ship. He did what he had to do to save his crewmates. I just want you to know, sir, that I am prepared. If we're not able to defuse this mine, the safety of the crew I'm afraid we have another problem, sir. I need to use the bathroom. In my EV suit, sir? (Laughter fades as two Romulan warbirds It's rearming! Reset that last component! Quickly! When you deactivated that final circuit, it triggered a sub detonator. We can't. It's too deep inside. We'd have to dismantle the entire mine. Captain? Those heroics we spoke about. I think it may be time. You've done all you can, sir. For what it's worth, you'd make a fine Armoury Officer. I'd prefer a burial at sea, if I'm not completely vaporised. (handing it over) I told you, sir. There's nothing we can do. That'll take days. And these Romulans? They don't seem like the patient types. The longer we stay in this system, the more likely they're going to attack. As much as I appreciate all your efforts, you have to detach the hull plating. It's the only option. You're putting Enterprise at risk. Begging your pardon, sir, but if you were that kind of captain we wouldn't be having this conversation. You'd have cut me loose by now. Sir? I don't remember. Ten, maybe twelve. Ten, twenty, what's the difference? Judging by the damage the first mine caused, I'd guess about a quarter of a kiloton. What are you getting at, sir? [Airlock] It's rearming. All things considered. If I may say so, sir, your style of command does have its advantages. I counted ten seconds. Respectfully, sir, it was ten.
Lieutenant Reed, sir. We are having a little trouble with the gravity plating on E deck. I hope it hasn't caused you [Archer's quarters] Any inconvenience. (Archer is hanging onto the showerhead.) Commander Tucker says it should be any minute now, sir. [Archer's quarters] (Man and water come crashing to the floor.) EM residue in the exhaust ports? Sir? If we polarize the hull plating, it should be all right as long as we maintained at least half impulse. Both nacelles are at maximum. They're moving off, sir. Didn't they feed you over there? (Tucker is eating like he's starving.) I heard about the holographic recreation. If we had one of those on board, I can only imagine what it would be used for. Make any friends? Is she the one you thanked for taking care of you? Interesting scales. So, did you get a look at their weapons? Maybe you were allergic to something over there. Nevertheless, you'd better have Doctor Phlox take a look at it. [Sickbay] Yes, absolutely certain. Their last trajectory? It may take a while. Why exactly are we trying to find that ship? Commander, if we tune the UV sensors to the omicron band, we should be able to isolate their plasma trail a good deal faster. Do you think you could spare a minute just to help me recalibrate them? Got something. If the starship profiles the Vulcans gave us are correct Sir, with all due respect, do we really think this is a wise idea? Sir, they're charging weapons. And another one. I don't recommend being the recipient of another warning like that, sir.
Another breach on C deck, E deck's depressurising. We can't take much more of this. (the shaking and jolting stops, it goes very quiet) They've ceased firing. They're moving off, back into the system. (T'Pol checks Reed's station readings.) The comm. system's still down. We don't have a complete casualty list yet. So far the news isn't good. Five people are confirmed dead, a dozen wounded. Most of the hull breaches have been contained with emergency bulkheads. I don't know. There's no way to get to it. A large portion of E deck is still decompressed. The aft torpedo launcher's working, but that's about it. I really don't know what's holding us together, but let's hope it doesn't give out. [Engineering] Indeed. We've already lost one Captain today. [Aquatic's ship] (Archer awakes, unbound, lying on the floor of a small bare room with a porthole. One wall gives him a view into the water-filled main ship. He attracts the attention of an Aquatic.) Emergency power's back online. We'll have phase cannons in about an hour. I'll have to pull people from other areas. Aye. It's Xindi. Targeting. It appears to be a one-man vessel. No armaments. One. Here. (It opens it to reveal - Archer.) [Sickbay] They went to a lot of trouble to let you go. Do you really think they'll attack us again? We've run out of moons to hide behind, but there is a cometary dust cloud not too far off. At present speed, about three days. They have minimal weapons, all powered down. Who are we boarding, sir? I don't understand. Captain. Under normal circumstances they'd be no match for us, but we've sustained a lot more damage than they have. This could be risky. How long? If they fight back, ten minutes could be a very long time. Aye. (after three phase cannon shots) Their warp drive's offline. They're charging weapons. They're firing. Their weapons are at fifty percent. We have to take out their weapons! If we want to get through this in one piece, we may have no choice. They're targeting our starboard nacelle. We're venting atmosphere on C deck. T'Pol! Got it. Go ahead. Aye sir. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
I could use a few days to recalibrate the torpedo launchers. Water polo? Are you sure the Captain wouldn't have a problem with you using his dining room? While we're on the subject of approvals, I promised Captain Archer that I'd recalibrate the torpedo launchers. I'll need to divert computer access from Main Engineering. It'll only be for a day. We're not exactly going anywhere. Is that the Chief Engineer talking, or the Acting Captain?
He's tied his warp reactor into the array. If we hit him, it'll take out half of Utopia colony He's targeted us with the array. Apparently, they don't like being scanned. Massive power surge! We've lost half our relays. The beam was only two percent of the array's total output. He could have vaporised us. I don't like it any more than you do. You know the situation. And you're going to tell me how. How does that help us? (Harris hands over a computer file which Reed puts into a PADD.) According to this, if we keep our altitude less than ten metres above the surface, Paxton won't see us. That part's taken care of, without your help. I've got quite enough to keep me busy on Enterprise. Indeed? Well, then I imagine this'll be the last time we meet. Compared to penetrating Xindi defenses, this'll be a walk in the park. We're ready for you in the launch bay. Captain. What's wrong with the inertial dampeners? Start? I've already had the maximum dosage. What was that? At this speed? Well, that was fun. Can we do it again? [Orpheus Detention cell] (Tucker examines his surroundings, and starts putting together an impromptu tool kit to deal with the door lock.) The closer we get, the more we risk being spotted by Paxton's sensors. Thirty-two. This is the thirty second planet I've set foot on. Ten metres. (The array is visible between rocks.) [Bridge] There's another guard approaching. (Reed and Archer prepare to ambush - Tucker) If he powers it up It does seem a bit coincidental. It could've been knocked loose by an impact. On your feet, sir. Shuttlepod One was sabotaged. We nearly crashed! Is there any reason why we shouldn't? Who replaced you? Who!
Fires reported on B and C deck. Emergency crews en route. The nucleonic particles are being drawn to the hull. I already tried that, sir. No effect. Aye, sir. [Engineering] (T'Pol is supervising the mending of a big hole in a bulkhead.)  Key Lime pie. (Sim is a full grown Tucker.) Do these memories just come to you? I can't imagine it. You wanted to ask me about something. I suppose so. Why? Is someone planning on going somewhere? Right. The shuttlepods don't generate that kind of thrust. We'd never build up enough momentum to get clear of the field in time. Acknowledged. [Shuttlepod Two]  Acknowledged. [Shuttlepod Two]  One thousand kilodynes. [Shuttlepod Two]  Two thousand kilodynes. Engine temperature's rising. [Bridge] Two thousand five hundred kilodynes. [Shuttlepod One]  Engine temperature's nearing critical. [Bridge] Captain? [Bridge]  Increasing thirty percent. [Shuttlepod Two]  I'm reading five hundred degrees above critical. (Things start to go bang in both shuttlepods.) [Bridge] Someone's rerouted the Launch Bay controls. We're shut out.
No damage, though we may need a fresh coat of paint. Minimal. Decks twelve and thirteen have decompressed. Captain. They were lining this bulkhead with trellium. They didn't get very far. Vulcan blood. (Archer and T'Pol force their way into another compartment. They hear a regular clanging.) Go ahead sir. Not yet. Aye, sir. (They're promptly attacked by a whole group of Vulcans. It takes several rifle shots to fell each one. Archer and T'Pol arrive to help.) What happened to them? Captain. What are they doing? Seven. How many Vulcans are on board? If I'm not mistaken, the launch bay's on this level. Maybe we can use one of their shuttles. He's losing a lot of blood, Captain. We've got to treat this wound. Two more biosigns fifty metres beyond that hatch. It's the only way to the Engineering deck. Five metres. (They come into another compartment and are attacked by three Vulcans, who they quickly dispose of.) Not at the moment. Sir, I've encrypted the locking codes, but if they're determined to get in. [Launch bay] (Pod Two is a battered mess.) They've all been realigned. (T'Pol puts her hand in and gets an electric shock) I realigned the circuits, just like you asked me. (T'Pol pushes him away roughly.) There might be another way, sir. If we overload the power grid, it would disrupt the systems all over the ship including the bulkhead mechanisms. Sir, that pistol's set to kill. They've shut the comm. system down. I can't. They've bypassed the environmental controls. About fifteen minutes, maybe less. (Archer nods.) Just about there. We don't have much time. Another twenty metres. How were you at the long jump. (They shoot two more Vulcans.) Go. I said, go! (First Hawkins then Reed cross the girder with the Vulcans in pursuit.)  What's wrong?
Hoshi? I've isolated their carrier frequency. Do you see it? Five point two light years. I understand you're looking for a way out of here. Don't you recognise me, Travis? In the flesh. Oh, you look worse than I do. What happened? Transporter. I think I'm finally getting used to it. No, thanks to Hoshi. She kept the sensors occupied. (Reed gets two I'll find him. I thought you said it wasn't for another fifteen minutes. Reed to Enterprise. The guards are ahead of schedule. [Bridge] What's your status? We're going to need you to speed things up a little. Go ahead. Tell him (Klev bursts in unannounced.) Go, go. (He gets the rest of the Suliban out of the corridor before detonating the charges and incidentally taking out Klev and his men.) Reed to Tucker. The wall's down. [Shuttlepod] How'd you know it was me? (He leaves the cell first, only to be knocked out by -) Tell the Doctor to meet us in Sickbay. My skin is really starting to itch.
You just can't stand taking orders from me, can you. What. It's definitely Xindi, sir. The hull composition matches the other ships we've seen. Aye, sir. [Crashed ship] (The EV-suited team finds a couple of insectoid bodies.) My father'd love to get a look at this place. He's fascinated by insects, always filling the house up with bugs he's collected. Drives my mother crazy. It's heavily reinforced. (They open the hexagonal hatch and step through.) [Hatchery airlock] (The hatch shuts automatically behind them.) It's pressurising. Oxygen nitrogen atmosphere. A little stale, but breathable. Biosigns, very faint. Coming from in here. (Another hatch.) [Xindi shuttlebay] (investigating a craft inside the huge chamber) Aye sir. (He leaves with Tucker. Archer looks at a cluster of dangling eggs.) We've cleared the thermosphere. (The pod shakes, and a corpse Do you intent do shoot me, Major? That won't go over well with Commander Tucker. Monday night is movie night. The senior officers do have other duties. We can't all spend our time playing holographic games in the Armoury. Acknowledged. Deploy the docking arm. [Ready room] (using PADD) You're going to have to remove the relays here and here. That should disable the security protocols. Any word on how much longer he's planning to stay in orbit? I'd be the last to question the Captain's orders, but doesn't it seem a little odd that we're staying here to save a nest of Xindi? Meanwhile, their big brothers are trying to destroy Earth. Why so much? That's not going to leave much antimatter for our torpedoes, never mind our engines. I never imagined Captain Archer would put the welfare of a few Xindi before his own people. Do you know, he spent nearly two days in that hatchery. From what I'm told, he hasn't stopped working long enough to even sleep! This is what you wanted to show me, a battle simulation? I asked you to look for weaknesses in their shields, not to play more games. Those manifolds are pretty narrow, but our targeting scanners should be able to get a lock. Nice work. I apologise. I over-reacted. A lot of the crew's on edge lately. I heard things got pretty ugly down there. I've got to get back to the Bridge. Let me know if your simulation finds anything else. [Outside T'Pol's quarters] What is it? Tactical alert. Captain Archer, report to the Bridge. Pursuit course. Arm phase cannons. Disable their engines. (Two phase shots are fired.) Torpedoes. Maximum yield. Target their impulse manifolds. Fire. (One torpedo misses, the other blows it to pieces just as Archer comes on deck.) An insectoid ship, sir. They were opening a vortex. They would have escaped. Sir? They would have told their superiors, sir. Given away our position. With all due respect sir, they didn't seem particularly interested in talking. I did what was necessary to protect this ship and its mission. Captain. Yes, sir. (Reed leaves.) Stand down, Corporal. (Phlox injects Chang.) [T'Pol's quarters] I'd advise securing the Bridge first. If Hayes gets wind of this we could have a fire-fight on our hands. That would be risky. If Hayes sides with the Captain, this mutiny will be over before it begins. Ensign Walsh and two of my men. They'll side with us, but Hayes posted two MACO there. [Hatchery] (Lots of the eggs are starting to jiggle.) Hold it. Sorry. (He stuns at other MACO.) Well, we won't get to the Bridge this way. (The four head to an access ladder instead.) [Hatchery] (The hatch opens and Tucker throws in a stun grenade to knock out the MACOs in the airlock before heading into the Stand down! Tell them to stand down. It's over, Major. Take him to his quarters. I imagine not. We couldn't take the chance that you'd side with the Captain. Yeah. [Archer's quarters] (The room is darkened, Archer is dozing with Porthos by his side when the doorbell chimes.)
I'll take care of it, sir. Captain didn't make it, Trip. Well, it's true then. We're over two hundred years in the past. Right away. (Reed leaves.) I've been going over those military dispatches that Hoshi picked up. Some of them don't make sense. They mention recent battles in Virginia and Ohio. There weren't any battles fought there in World War II. The Nazis never got to North America. Something's very wrong down there. [Sickbay] (Porthos is still pining, and even refusing food.) I'm picking up one life sign aboard. It's Suliban. He disabled the transponder. However, we are picking up trace plasma signatures, probably from the damage. I think I can get us within three kilometres of where it went down. Another item on our list of things to ponder. [Street] I'm picking up movement in the area. Looks like several vehicles. It's done. Welcome home.
There are some obligations that go beyond my loyalty to you and this crew. (Over scenes of the Klingons sabotaging Enterprise.) What did the Klingons do to it?. How can I help? He can't do that from Columbia. The transporter won't operate at warp, and docking's out of the question. In training exercises, yes, and at warp speed one. Every move was rehearsed in simulators for weeks. We'll have to merge our warp field with Columbia's. Has anyone ever done this before? You'll have to let me out of this Brig. [Colombia Bridge] (The four double-columns of lights are pulsing away behind the Captain's chair.) (also fully suited up) Go ahead. Have them start their rotation. (Colombia turns over so the two ships are running keel to keel.) [Bridge] Hold her steady, Travis [Bridge] Or Chef'll know who to blame for the mess in the Galley. Understood. [Launch bay] Columbia, I'm deploying the tether. [Colombia Launch bay] (The grappler whizzes out between the two ships and hits the ceiling within arms reach of Tucker standing on the steps.) You're doing fine, Trip. (Enterprise shakes again.) [Bridge] You're almost here, Trip. Keep going. [Bridge] The tether's at its limit! Hurry up! [Engineering] Almost there! (Tucker reaches Reed, and he gets him unhooked from the line just before the unit gets pulled off the ceiling and goes flying into space.) Trip! Bridge, I have him. [Bridge] The Captain and I have had a slight misunderstanding. These gentlemen are here to escort me back to the Brig. Don't worry, I'll tell you all about it when we're not quite so busy. (They head off in opposite directions.) [Engineering] I don't suppose you can tell me where I'm going this time? No, I didn't think so. [Reed's quarters] (Archer has got an image of Harris up on Reed's monitor.) Those are my personal files. Captain, there's nothing more I can add. I'm under orders. I can't tell you what I don't know. What'd they give you? Physical strength isn't everything. Being smart is more important. General Sun Tzu said that the greatest victories are those won without fighting. Do you ever question why you fight? What if your superiors are wrong? That's not how we do things in Starfleet. Then how come you're in the same Brig that I'm in? [Qu'Vat Colony] (K'Vagh is meeting his Augment team in their barracks.) At first, it didn't seem like lying. Covert operations. I was a young ensign, it was exciting. I thought it was done. This is the first time that Harris has contacted me since I've served on Enterprise. He told me about the plague. He said they needed Phlox to help the Klingons find a cure. I was supposed to just slow us down. It's human DNA. I didn't know. Do you believe him? I wanted to tell you everything, Captain. I wasn't told where Phlox was taken, but Starfleet intelligence believe that Klingons have a genetic research facility on Qu'Vat Colony. [Bridge] (The turbolift door opens to reveal Reed with Archer. T'Pol stands and heads turn.) Captain, we need to be ready for Klingon patrols. I suggest that Columbia withdraws to a safer distance so that we don't make a single target. They've all been recalled to enforce quarantine zones. Commander, three Klingon battlecruisers have just dropped out of warp. They're charging weapons. They're firing on the colony. They're closing from astern. (explosions) Aft cannons are down. (Then Colombia swoops in to the rear of the Klingons.) {Colombia Bridge] It's no use. I can't penetrate their shields. Sixty two percent. Aye, aye. [Laboratory] Hull plating's down to forty percent. Hull plating's nearly down. We can't hold this position much longer. [Laboratory] What do you want? We could've explained everything to Captain Archer. Since when do we do things the way the Klingons want? Don't ever contact me again. Is that clear? I answer to one Commanding Officer. Jonathan Archer.
Main propulsion's offline, life support is failing. They're in a bad way, sir. Captain, please report to the Bridge. [Bridge] (A Klingon ship is on the viewscreen.) Perhaps they're bringing the supplies they promised. Seventeen minutes. Yes, sir. I don't suppose there's any chance of outrunning them. Sustained fire from our phase-cannons should be able to penetrate their armour, but I doubt they'd sit still long enough to give us the chance. Pretty standard multi-spectral sensors, not too different from ours. For a few seconds. I believe so. How long do I have? Hull plating's at eighty percent. No damage to the Klingon ship. They're closing, sir. Four thousand metres. Three thousand metres. Two thousand. Eight hundred metres. Our sensors are down. And abandon the Captain? They're going to have to get there. (throwing back hood) Captain. It's good to see you, sir. Pleasure. T'Pol knows a few Klingon officials from her days in the Ministry of Security. One of them put us in touch with a corrections officer who was willing to look the other way for the right price. I came on one of the dilithium barges. We bribed the captain to bring us here and take us back to Enterprise. I imagine so, but we have to hurry. Captain?
You'd think this was all his idea. It's a phase-pistol wound. Do they think it could have been self-inflicted? Reed. I contacted you. Susan Khouri About what? Who was she? I've heard of them. They want to stop all contact with alien species. I remember they made a lot of noise back when Enterprise was launched. That's why they killed her? I was getting to that. They claim they don't know anything about it. I believe them. You just don't know what? The autopsy data confirms what we already They don't even know where she'd been living for the past year. It's like she dropped off the face of the Earth. You know something? That's what they prescribe for extended zero-G missions. It's hardly used anymore outside of military exercises. Not since the invention of artificial gravity. I have heard that the moon is a hotbed of Terra Prime activity. You know, I think Travis has a friend who worked on Orpheus. He might be able to get a couple of us inside. We could pay a little visit, undercover. Yes, sir.(At the Orpheus Mining Facility he workers have air in the mine, but they're lifting and moving rocks by hand for some strange reason. Then they discover the battered body of the doctor.) Captain's Starlog, supplemental. With help from Travis's contact, Trip and T'Pol have been processed into the Orpheus Mining Facility. [Orpheus Mining Facility] (We see a rock face being cut by an industrial laser.) Hoshi. Is there anything I can help with? Carry on. [Orpheus Mining Facility] (Tucker is wandering around with his map.) She's a spy for Terra Prime. [Orpheus Mining Facility] (Josiah pushes Tucker into a room. Greaves is already there with T'Pol.) You sure know what everyone else was talking about. For? Your editor claims he never sent you. They're on the surface. They've landed near the verteron array. It's used to redirect comets. He's targeted Earth's moon. (A new lunar crater is born.)
You have a ten second firing window. Ready? Go. (He pushes a button on PADD, the 3D target starts moving around Your hit to miss ratio is still below fifty percent. If those had been live rounds, you'd have blown out two or three bulkheads. This is an entirely new weapon. Unlike the EM-33 you don't have to compensate for particle drift. Just point straight at the target, and try and keep your shoulders relaxed. It's hard to aim accurately when you're tense. Ahem. Yeah, fine. You'll get the hang of it. Let's try for twenty seconds this time. (The engine sound changes.) We're approaching a gas giant. Class nine. We'll pick it up tomorrow. [Bridge] I don't see how I could actually catch a cold on a hermetically sealed starship. I did open a case of plasma coolant. But that was back in Spacedock five months ago. No, that'll have to wait. The Captain wants me on the team investigating that shipwreck. I'll do my best. [Ready room] Trust me, Ensign. If there's a hull breach the pressure will crush you to something about this big. (He holds up a clenched fist.) That's well within our hull tolerance. We'll be on our way back well before we're in any danger. I for one have no interest in imploding a valuable shuttlepod. I see it. It's just the proximity alarm. What is it? No. This damn cold. What language? So I'm assuming you don't know how many Klingons are on board. And what if they don't? The atmosphere's going to crush this ship like an eggshell pretty soon. Well, I for one don't intend to just fly off and let these people die, honourable deaths or not. Damn interference. There must be something we can do. Maybe they have a distress beacon we can activate. [Klingon bridge] (The woman sees them then retreats.) There's got to be some way off this ship. I don't know about the structural integrity of Klingon escape pods. My guess is we're better off in here. I haven't had much experience at piloting Klingon ships. We could always try waking one of them to help us. Photon torpedoes? I've never heard of anything like that. What else? If I'm reading this correctly we've got a few hours at most. The hull integrity's failing. Good work, Hoshi. (Reed tries to use the controls, but alarms sound To quote our very own Mister Tucker, that means we're dead in the water. The one time we need our Chief Engineer is the one time we leave him behind. Sounds like we need to find the port fusion injector. Reactor pit? Could that be Engineering? This one? Argh! Yes. I seem to be getting a little light-headed. Must be the heat. Watch yourselves. [Klingon Galley] (Hoshi picks up a bowl to see what's in The hull pressure's approaching critical. This ship's about to be crushed. (A visual of the outer hull starting to cave in. Reed is drinking.) It'll work. Look, even with Hoshi's help it could take hours just to find the fusion injector in here. We're out of time. If there's one thing on board this ship I ought to be able to figure out, it's the torpedoes. [Ready room] We'll need to detonate one closer next time. (The hull groans) And if I don't? We need to generate a large enough shock wave to push us into a higher orbit. To do that, the blast has to be big and it Did it work? That's all? (There is a big bang inside the ship.) This whole damn ship's coming apart. How many torpedoes do we have left? Load two more. Load the weapons. Ensign. The longer we stand around arguing the more ground we lose. We'll detonate at eight hundred metres. Brace yourselves. We used the shock waves to gain some altitude but it's only temporary. We'll start sinking again unless we can come up with a way to get this ship out of here. [Shuttlepod] Is someone going to get that? Are you sure, Doctor? Who knows what was living on that ship? That should buy us at least another half an hour. Went to a spa once in Mexico. The most relaxing place I've ever been, but it doesn't compare to this. Oh, it certainly feels nice to be clean again.
Sir, there's a ship approaching at half impulse. They're hailing us. Hoshi says they're using a Vulcan frequency. [Bridge] (A small ship with curved nacelles is on the viewscreen.) Is it what you imagined, sir? Am I interrupting anything? Reed. Malcolm Reed. Frightening. Likewise. [Bridge]
 You're really starting to get a feel for the game. Ten to the one hundred twenty third power.  Their average life span's only about a hundred years. With no time to play all the possible games. Careful. No emotional involvement. I'm the ship's champion. I win all the tournaments. Well, that's what we're here to find out, but in my experience, all physical species are alike. I don't expect humans will be any different. It's possible. For some of the species that have come here, I've seen the whole crew die. For others, only a few. Always. (A new game is set up.) Your move. [Shuttlepod] (An away team is returning from the planet. Hoshi pulls something from her hair. Their response was typical for a species at their level of development. Your point? Captain Archer's done nothing different from the Klingons. The launch bay and Decon Chamber are completely isolated from the rest of the ship. Precisely. Humans don't want to interact with dying crew mates any more than Klingons did. If it was left to me, I'd stop our observations immediately. We have nothing more to learn from humans. [Turbolift] Ah, but in the end they killed their infected crew, just as the Klingons did. The only difference is the time it took to reach that decision. I've been observing aliens for eight hundred years. I've yet to be surprised. Still, we should follow protocol. Start questioning the infected crew. I'll check in with the Doctor. [Decon Chamber] (Hoshi is cleaned up and in a fresh uniform.) Headache.  Are these are the blood tests for Commander Tucker and Ensign Sato? No, not yet. Although it feels like it could get worse. Preventive measure. A lot to do today. Doctor, I'm curious to know how you think these tests will help you develop an effective treatment. I mean, are you approaching this strictly on a symptomatic level, or do you believe there's any similarity to other conditions you've seen in the past? I'm not worried about that, no. I'm interested in the methodology That happens thirty seven percent of the time. Then this'll likely be one of the times when everyone dies. [Decon] (The window is still covered over when Archer 'rings the doorbell'.) Rational intelligence, yes. Which Archer has not demonstrated. The longer the infected crew remain on board, the greater the risk that quarantine will fail. It's just as probable that he hasn't realised how hopeless the situation is. We chose the Helmsman and the Armory Officer for good reason. They're both stationed on the Bridge, yet neither plays a critical role in a medical emergency. The more people we inhabit, the greater the chance that we will inadvertently interfere. Right away, sir. [Sickbay] That's the signature of standard hull plating. They didn't even plead for mercy. I mean, they wouldn't, would they? Being Klingon. Quarantine breach on D deck. The Decon Chamber has been unsealed. (Hoshi makes her way along corridors as Tucker doesn't have the energy to go after her.) Someone's overriding the safety interlocks. That's not why we're here. This is not the place to be having this discussion. Reed to Bridge. [Bridge] I confirm a positive seal. Someone always dies. [Sickbay] I don't understand. No. Not once they know it's hopeless. I will not depart from protocol. The incident isn't over. When the first death occurs on the ship, there's a sixty eight percent chance the rest of the crew will become infected. All this would have happened whether we were here or not. We are not responsible. You realise the consequences of what we've done. We will never be able to observe another species encounter this virus. These humans have not been a good influence on you. I would not encourage further encounters. Indeed. At the rate they're progressing, that'd barely give us five thousand years to prepare.
They took some weapons fire. Main power's offline. Gravity plating, life support. None. [Situation room](A little later, in the situation room at the back of the Bridge.) Pan zan? Too badly damaged to be much help. If they were, they didn't go without a fight. Are your patrols in the habit of arresting innocent people? You certainly made one this time. And we're determined to get our people back. A good place to get lost in the crowd. Two. It's them. I recommend we use the transporter once we're in range. I don't think so. Four biosigns. They're all Enolian. (The Enolian looks at the image on the viewscreen.) Fore and aft particle cannons. Nothing we can't handle.  [Prison transport Bridge] Loud and clear, sir. (Tucker holds up his shackles.) Captain, Travis says he can't maintain the docking seal much longer. It's now or never, sir! (Kuroda shuts himself in the Bridge. Reed drags Archer onto the shuttle which then disengages and escapes back to Enterprise. Then Kuroda discovers that Archer was telling the truth, and braces himself for a fiery death.)  [Enterprise docking port and corridor]  
I've checked the Vulcan database, sir. No previous sightings. We've got the portable drilling rig, sir. Shouldn't take more than three or four hours. By all means. I've never stood on a comet before. Good question. Well, then it's only fitting that we commemorate the occasion. No, too predictable. The EV suits would take all the fun out of that. We'll just have to see how the spirit moves us when we get there. (They land on the comet, and stand on the ragged and pockmarked surface. Travis has a big, big grin.) [Engineering] The beauty of ice is that it records everything like a blank page. The farther down you drill, the farther back in time you go. Yes? Hand me the plasma torch. (Reed gives it two eyes and a smiling mouth, and sticks the torch in as a nose.) Go ahead, sir. We're just about to set the charges. [Bridge] No, sir. Right. It won't be there for long, sir. [Bridge] I thought so. Don't get too comfortable. This landscape is about to change. Reed to Enterprise. Charges are set. [Bridge] Yes, Captain. Understood. (They crouch down behind an ice pinnacle while the charge goes off, then inspect the resulting crater.) I was hoping for a little more symmetry. Go ahead, sir. We hit a layer of magnesite and cracked a drill bit, but we've replaced it. Sir? We'll be done with time to spare, sir. Travis! (Reed goes down to him.) What? You rest here. Okay. (Reed helps him up.) REED: Well, let's get you to the pod. I'll come back for the gear if there's time. Almost there. Yes, and a lot colder. (The sun has risen. There's a cracking sound.) What's that? (They look down to see a network of cracks appearing in the ice in front of them. As they approach the pod, the cracks start to become crevasses,) You all right? Well, it's not like we had a choice. (He sees they have an incoming transmission.)Reed here. More or less. How far did we drop? [Bridge] We're not going anywhere. [Bridge] Go ahead, Enterprise.
There's a ship. It's on an intercept course. Doesn't look very friendly. The last Orions we ran into almost turned nine of our crewmembers into slaves. Let's at least ask him to come here. I can live with that. Plundering. The Gorn? I can't think. We're on D deck now, where most of the crew quarters are located. On E. That's one deck below us. Um. Er. A total of seven. Seven It's roomy. I hadn't really thought about it, to tell you the truth. Lieutenant Reed. Malcolm. Malcolm is fine. Well, someone will be by shortly to show you how everything works. In the meantime, just try to make yourself at home. Right. This way, ladies. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Harrad-Sar has turned over the coordinates of the planet he described. We're en route to verify his claims. [Bridge] Have you seen them yet? Yeah, I know. I know. What are you trying to do? Yeah, okay. I don't know that species. Well, did it help? I recommend we go to Tactical Alert, sir. We can't be certain this isn't some kind of a trap. There it is. (A ship comes up through the planet's cloud layer.) They're locking weapons. Extremely low yield. Barely scratched us. They're firing again. No damage. They could shoot at us all day. Sir? Captain? No. (Archer storms over and pushes Reed out of the way.) He's trying to knock out our weapons. Forward phase cannons are down. We just lost aft cannons. [Engineering] That last hit just took them out. (Then it all goes quiet) He's powering down his weapons. It's not enough. Captain. Decon chamber, come in. What did you do to my men? Yes? (drawing his phase pistol) Aye, sir. (Then Tucker shoots him.) At least the pheromones are wearing off. I haven't thought about the Orions for what, a whole ten minutes? Yeah, the women are in charge. I don't think so.
That had nothing to do with who knows Enterprise inside and out. It had to do with who the Major thinks is more capable of carrying out this rescue. You wanted to see me, sir. We run drills twice a week. Senior officers are free to attend. Sir? My people are ready, sir. The MACOs' expertise comes from simulated combat, all conducted on Earth. On the other hand, we've fought numerous alien species on many different worlds. If anything, we should be giving the MACOs the benefit of our experience. Aye, sir. [Sickbay] I prefer to train in the evenings. You get a better workout. Muscles are looser, reaction times quicker. How about Tuesdays and Fridays in the evenings, and Wednesday in the morning. I'm not trying to make it difficult. With all due respect? Is that what you call circumventing my authority? And what did you think you were doing when you went to the Captain with this proposal? You're probably right, but the decision was mine to make. I think that's exactly what you meant to do. As is mine. Tuesdays and Fridays, in the evenings. [Bridge] It's more than seven hundred million kilometres in diameter. Could be an escape pod. I'll see if I can compensate. (It gets the pod, but orange whatever surges out and over the hull.) We're losing systems all over the ship. That's all for today. Session is over. Dismissed. (The rest leave.) What the hell was that. It was way out of line. That last throw was completely unnecessary. Fair game. These are training sessions, Major. If your men can't understand that then I'm going to put a stop to this right now. Is that clear? Jolly good. [Launch bay] You don't say. I started picturing Hayes' head in place of the target. Oh, no. This is a fight to the death. He's determined to take over the security of this ship, you know. Everything he does points to the fact. Just drop it. So, why don't you tell me about you and Miss Cole? You're pretty hard to miss. Is it true she's giving Amanda neuro-pressure now? I heard it was damage control from your tender touch. And why were you giving Amanda Cole neuro-pressure anyway? Well, from what I'm told, it's a pretty intimate procedure, for just friends. That's the rumour. Right. You're all just friends. I guess this Vulcan neuro-pressure isn't that intimate after all. In that case, I've got a nasty little pain just Are you leaving so soon? It's no distraction. In fact, I could use a sparring partner, if you're up for it. You want to keep that left up. That's it, stay loose, excellent (He gets in a rabbit punch.) You're improving. (Reed pins Hayes to the floor.) You see, you were looking at my hands when you should have been looking at my eyes. Major. (Reed gives the bring it on sign and ends up on his back.) What. Because you're here to enhance the combat capacity of this crew, not take over security. You just can't stand taking orders from me, can you. Hayes! [Corridor] (The fight continues into the corridor.) (to passing crewman) As you were. (The crewman carefully retraces his steps as the pair carry on beating seven bells out of each other.) (barely standing) It's a little Klingon move I picked up. (They square up again, when ) We're coming up on access tube seventeen baker. [Bridge] Can you be any more specific? (The alien walks out of a console and down another corridor. Reed and Hayes shoot at him, but of course phase pistol fire is useless.) [Bridge] Our weapons had no effect on him. [Corridor] He's heading towards the centre of the ship. [Bridge] We need to reverse polarity on the plasma coils. It'll trigger a feedback pulse. Turn the T-valve all the way to the left. Let's see if you can handle this. (The alien screams, becomes totally solid and is thrown to the floor.) [Mess hall] Captain. There's no problem, Captain. Very good, sir. (intercom beeps) Think we're dismissed? [Sickbay]
We just grazed it. No damage. We're losing hull integrity. Atmosphere's venting on D deck. Main power's going down. Targeting sensors are down, hull plating. We're damn lucky the torpedoes were all in safe mode. If one of them had detonated. They haven't even got enough power to light a camp fire. I couldn't even guess without a chance to sort this out. We'd be giving them access to critical systems, sir. Aye, sir. [Corridor] Coffee, black. Yeah, no crumpets either, thank you. I need all the caffeine I can get. What's the situation in Engineering? Worse. I'm Lieutenant Reed. It's coffee, and just for the record, I haven't left the Armoury for so much as a bathroom break in nearly twelve hours. And you are? This is Commander Tucker, our Chief Engineer. Indeed. Well, I'll see if I can find something for you to do. Hand me the micro-spanner, please. The spanner will do the job nicely. If you wouldn't mind. That'd be lovely. Give my regards to Commander Shran. I beg your pardon? I'm sorry I wasted your time on our primitive systems. Lieutenant Talas. I apologise if I've been rude. Why don't I get us both a cup of coffee and we can align these relays together. Captain's starlog, December 6th, 2153. With some assistance from the Andorians we've managed to steer clear of anomalies. [Bridge] All we have left is to reset the emitters. I'll do it. No offence, but when it comes to our weapons frequencies I wouldn't trust my own mother. It's just an expression. Really. You come from a military family. Three, on my father's side. What? Actually, we haven't done much exploring for quite a while, but since you ask, he wasn't very pleased. The Royal Navy was his life. I'm sure he would. Right, all done. I'll power it up and we'll see where we stand. (when his back is turned, Talas points a blue light at the couplers) [Bridge] Reed here, sir. Torpedoes are back online, and thanks to Lieutenant Talas we should have phase cannons within the hour. I've never gotten them above ninety three. If you ever decide to leave the Imperial Guard, Starfleet could certainly use you. What are you doing? Why are you accessing the sensors? They weren't damaged. You're just being thorough. So, anything we need to worry about? Even with our primitive weapons? Hull plating's holding. They're breaking off. Back online. You were right, sir. If I hadn't been watching that Andorian officer it might have taken weeks to find where she'd sabotaged the array. They've reduced speed. We'll intercept them in fourteen minutes. [Shran's Ready room] No damage sir. They were much closer than we were. Their hull's intact but there's significant damage to their engines and power systems.
I detected weapons fire and then both ships just disappeared. Approximately fifty thousand kilometres, bearing zero zero three mark two seven, I think. I can't be more specific. It's the damned interference.
I presume you mean fruits and vegetables. I don't think I'm quite ready to have my molecules compressed into a data stream. Do they indeed. Well, I certainly hope the Captain doesn't plan on making us use it. (opening newly arrived box) This is ridiculous. I asked for plasma coils and they sent me a case of valve sealant. There's no chance I can have these weapons online in three days. Didn't you read the profile report on these Klingons? Apparently, they sharpen their teeth before they go into battle. [Corridor] No doubt Mister Tucker will reassure me that my equipment will be here tomorrow. Keep your shirt on, Lieutenant. Feels all right. Earth sea level. After being raised on cargo ships, it must've felt like you had lead in your boots when you got to Earth. [Engineering] I believe you missed a spot. Commander Tucker, Ensign Travis Mayweather. He just arrived. Pardon me, but if I don't realign the deflector, the first grain of space dust we come across will blow a hole through this ship the size of your fist. Not much of a change. The deflector's sequencing. It's perfectly normal. I think I just saw something off the starboard bow. I don't know. It might have just been the sensors going down. (Aliens are crawling through the ship, along the bulkheads.) [Sickbay] The starboard sensor logs recorded a spatial disturbance. I still have to tune the targeting scanners. Are those real butterflies, or some kind of holograms? Yes. Absolutely. Right. (Tucker and T'Pol are in a waiting room with lots of other people. One woman is dealing with a child who keeps needing to use a respirator) Inter-species performance? Perhaps another time. We are explorers. [Level nineteen} You're breaking up, can't read. We've been trying to reach you, Captain. We're back in the shuttle. Captain, what's your location? The weather is definitely [Rooftop] (Nothing but static coming over the communicator.) I've never seen lightning in a snowstorm before. Try Vulcan biosigns. Your appendages blister, peel and turn gangrenous. Let me see. (takes her hands) Doctor Phlox may have to amputate. The radiation's dissipated their warp trail. I'm only picking up fragments. There's too much distortion. The decay rates don't even match. Sir? Aligned and ready, sir. Impulse and warp engines. We're too far away. That was a particle weapon, sir. We could always try the transporting device. I believe so. The ventral plating's down! The lead ship's closing. Seven thousand metres. Six thousand. One thousand metres. Forward plating's offline. The ship's in the launch bay. [Situation room] Sir. (Reed opens a case to reveal its contents.) REED: This should reverse the polarity of any mag-lock within a hundred metres. Once you've set the sequence, you'll have five seconds. One more thing. (He opens a second case.) They're called phase pistols. They have two settings, stun and kill. It would be best not to confuse them. Hold on. If we change our position, they'll have to start from scratch. This is ridiculous! If we don't move the ship, Captain Archer won't have anything to look for when he gets back. The charges are getting closer again. All I hear is noise. Hull plating's been re-polarised. We have four more coming up off starboard. We've detected it, sir. Sensors show a nitrogen sulfide atmosphere.
Go ahead. (the figure is gone) Hoshi? Is everything all right? Hoshi? [Command Centre] I ran every scan in the book. There's no sign of any intruder anywhere on the ship. I went through all the logs for the last twenty four hours. To say they were uneventful would be an understatement. This is good news. You're a little on edge. It's not uncommon to see the enemy out of the corner of your eye. Whatever it is, it's not uncommon. Just the other night I thought I heard clicking sounds in my quarters. For a moment, I could have sworn there was a Xindi Insectoid lurking in the shadows. All right, I'll keep an eye out. [Sickbay] Hoshi. You all right? [Sickbay] We still haven't found any ships nearby or any uninvited guests on board. Are you expecting an attack, sir? Why? We didn't pick up any other biosigns. I take it you live here alone. It's an awfully big planet for one person. If he's insistent, we could put off looking for the sphere, stay in orbit. It's only for a few days. We're losing structural integrity in the forward hull. (The helmsman is not Travis.) It might as well be seventy five thousand light years. Sir. My station's down. Weapons are coming back online. Aye, sir.
None in range, sir. Looks like no one's planted a flag just yet. A shame. A wind storm's moving across the northern continent. It looks like a nasty one. They've taken shelter, but I'd recommend pulling them out. I've got a shuttlepod on standby. Aye, sir. [Cavern] I've got a fix. Twenty kilometres north east. I'm reading them. Two kilometres due west. Starboard. Thruster four's down. We're leaking plasma coolant. Sir, we can't safely land in this wind with a thruster out. [Clearing] (As the pod heads back up into the night sky.) Yes, sir. Understood. Stand by. (He begins beaming Ethan up.) REED: There's a problem, sir. There are contaminants in the matter stream. The phase discriminator can't seem to isolate the debris. (Ethan finally Or perhaps it wasn't there until that damn wind started. The centre of the storm's already passed over them, but the system spans some five hundred kilometres. We won't be able to land a shuttlepod before dawn. Nine hours. I think I can safely place it two metres inside the mouth of the cave.
So, there really was no one on that ship. The Aenar compound is surrounded by a dampening field. Once you're inside, you won't be able to contact the ship. I'd feel much better about this if you'd take a couple of MACOs with you. Captain, we don't know anything about these people. Another ship's approaching, bearing oh one six mark twelve. An Andorian battle cruiser. They've stopped firing. [Telepathic conversation] They're attacking each other. Aye, sir. [Control area]
Sir, the shields are functional. Our shields are weakening the clamps, but they're still holding. Three more ships approaching. They've locked on a tractor beam. We're being pulled back into the dock. The remaining ships are retreating. Escape pods. Twelve kilometres off the port bow. They're ours. We made quick work of the Tholians. Perhaps it was a pet owned by one of the original crew. Certainly, sir. [Briefing room] (Travis is interrogating an unfamiliar blue-skinned alien with his fists.) Acknowledged. We had it cornered in turboshaft three but it appears to have escaped through this access tube. That's when we lost contact with McKenzie and Browne. There's a biosign, very faint, in access tube seven alpha near junction three. Understood. (Reed and two MACO head one way, Archer and the other MACO another. Reed thinks he's found his prey, but Slar has just left his communicator open on the floor.) Reed to Captain Archer. It's not here. He's modified a communicator to emit a false biosign. Acknowledged. Shut that bloody thing off. (The MACO does so, and Reed spots a bunch of red flashing lights on the ceiling. As the bomb goes off -)  It's a trap! (Archer and his escort arrive at the bloody and burning scene.) (before passing out) I've failed you, Captain.
And our officers? I think the Vulcans see them, too. They're breaking orbit. Probably giving themselves room to manoeuvre. The Vulcans are charging weapons. The Andorians as well. If you don't mind me asking, what do you have in mind? [Colony] (Archer is making his way underneath the position of the second sniper to sneak up behind her. It's Talah.) Locked and ready. The Vulcan ships are breaking formation. They're heading for the planet.
The shuttle's sensors should have picked it up. It should be standard procedure, that's why. In any event, there it is. A vessel, not Vulcan, and it's less than one kilometre from our shuttlepod. Well, I for one would like to know who these visitors are. And why havenn't we heard from the landing party? Maybe that should be standard procedure as well. Yes. I'm looking for Captain Archer. Let me talk to the Captain. Try T'Pol or Commander Tucker. (In the monastery Shran smashes each communicator that chirps.) Have the launch bay put shuttlepod two on standby. I don't take orders from a comm. voice, Ensign. Not unless that voice belongs to the Captain. Take a look at the Vulcan database. See if it has anything on these Andorians. What is it? Put it through. This is Enterprise. We can barely read you, Commander. [Catacombs chamber] What's your status? Andorians, yes. [Bridge] I've been reading about them in the Vulcan database. Militaristic. [Catacombs chamber] Blue skinned. Well, what do they want? Are you certain we can't negotiate? [Catacomb chamber] Understood. [Large room - next morning] Phase pistols on stun. The Captain's instructions were quite explicit. It's a console, Ensign. It won't bite. Crewman? I've heard the same stories. Now get up here. Coordinates set? Then energise before we change our minds. [Atrium] This is it. [Large room] Will you be all right? This way. [Large room] (Reed takes out Tholos just in time.) Two of them got away. They went down into the catacombs. Here, sir. (Archer hands one to a winded Tucker.) Captain. (Archer makes a dash to pull the rest of the tapestry down and opens the vault.) Violence in a sanctuary, Captain? They've got enough equipment down there to see what any Andorian is having for breakfast.
We're a long way from the Arctic. What can we do? Yes. The researchers gathered a great deal of biometric data on these aliens, but I'm having trouble making heads or tails of it. Well, this arm might contain some sort of weapon. If I can determine its yield, we'll have a better idea of what we're facing. I don't have a problem with it, as long as it stays outside of my skin. That's different. Yeah, I'm sure it was. Anything? The research team was heavily armed. How did these aliens manage to overpower them? [Ready room] T'POL They're charging weapons. (Enterprise is hit.) REED: Some kind of proton burst. Those transports aren't normally armed. I believe so. (Two quick precision phase cannon shots.) Their weapons are down. Captain. (Reed goes to the ladder.) REED: They left through here. Aye, sir. Stop what you're doing! I'll fire if I have to. (he's ignored) I said, step away. (Reed fires at the woman, but she just recoils and resumes what she's doing. Combined fire just hits a personal forcefield.) Maximum setting. (They all fire again, and this time she walks Reed to the Bridge. [Bridge] They're in maintenance shaft C. [Maintenance area]  Junction twelve. They appear to be modifying systems. [Bridge] Our weapons were useless. They're equipped with some kind of energy shielding. [Bridge]  Understood. (They reach a bulkhead door and head out.) Come on, go. [Bridge] We're clear, Captain. [Bridge] Aye, sir. [Bridge] What do you think they were doing here? That shielding of theirs was impressive. We might as well have been firing holographic bullets. There's got to be a way to get through those shields with phase pistols. If I cross-polarise the power cells, it might increase the particle yield. I'll be in the Armoury. [Mess hall] Increase power another five megajoules. Fire. Keep it going. Increase to seven megajoules. Try eight. Nine. The density's holding. They've improved their defences since we last saw them. We're losing weapons. Hull plating's down eighty one percent.  Plating's down another twelve percent. For the moment. Was? Sir. (As they back away, more aliens arrive.) [Bridge] Another human? Captain! (Archer turns and shoots it, then Reed sets explosives on the device.) [Bridge] Sir, something's happening on the transport. Their systems are being restored. They're charging weapons.
Where can we find them? After an hour in this place, I can't wait to get back to Decon. (They are nearly at the exit when there's a commotion.) Gladly. [Sickbay] I believe you have something for us? Liquid? Bridge to Captain Archer. Two vessels are approaching from aft. Sir, [Bridge] The biosigns match the genetic profile of the Xindi pilot who attacked Earth. [Brig] Bridge to the Captain. The smaller ship is approaching the starboard docking port. Three boarding parties, at least five men each.
 I've restored emergency power, but of our primary systems are still offline, including weapons. No, sir. [Locker room] (Archer, Reed and some MACO's are getting into EV suits.) And don't forget, just because sensors didn't pick up any biosigns doesn't mean you won't encounter anyone. Weapons fire. (Kemper opens a door and seeing a corpse.) They're charging weapons. I'm sorry, sir. Yeah. (checking internal sensors) Two in Cargo Bay one, four more in Engineering. Woods, you're with me. [Bridge] Black tea, hot. You finished rewriting the physics books? A few hours rest might do you a world of good. You still can't sleep? I wasn't thinking anything. The Captain and I managed to bring the guidance systems online, but we're going to need more time for the aft launchers. Fuller knew those torpedo systems better than anyone. He won't be easy to replace. Considering all the hostile aliens we've met, I suppose it's fortunate we haven't lost more people. There's no reason to get cynical. What do you suggest we do, turn around and go back to Earth? Captain, the particle decay rates don't match. This one is at least nine hours old, this one was left less than an hour ago. Power's fluctuating. Forward plating's down. Who could build something that big? That cloaking field is enormous. Whoever built this thing went to a great deal of trouble to conceal it. We've cycled through the standard frequencies. On the lower right side. What's that down there? Let's hope there's no one home. We're all clear, sir. They're not going to run out of stem-bolts any time soon. This way. Starfleet ration packs. (Archer takes out his anger on the stacked contraband until his communicator chirps.) Check behind those canisters. (Meanwhile, Hoshi is in the Situation room, working on translating the manifest.) Captain? The airlock's decompressing, sir. He'll die. Sir. Captain! (Orgoth drops to his knees, Archer opens the door and lets him crawl out.) Let's go. (Reed and the guard haul Orgoth away.) [Situation room] Hull plating's holding. Not without risking damage to their main computer. Their engines are down.
I think I've pinpointed where the timeline changed. Someone assassinated Lenin in 1916. No one. So without Lenin, the Bolsheviks never gained power. Russia didn't become Communist, and Germany never considered it a threat. After France, Belgium and the Netherlands fell. Hitler quickly took England and then the eastern United States. The police never captured Lenin's assassin. Some bystanders claimed that the killer vanished into thin air. But I thought we were here to prevent Vosk from starting the temporal war. Engines took a serious hit. Weapons are down. There's heavy bombing. Most of it in eastern Pennsylvania and southern Virginia. It could be an Allied attack. The closest fighting is a hundred kilometres south of New York City. Incredible. Engines are at thirty six percent. Manoeuvring thrusters are offline. The targeting array's fried. We'll be shooting in the dark. [Street] He did it. One hundred kilometres. Targeting scanner still can't get a lock. I'm going to have to do this the old-fashioned way. Switching to visual scanners. German dive-bombers. Stukas. Nothing too much to worry about. However, they were fitted with sirens to frighten the enemy during an attack. They fire seven point nine millimetre rounds. We're too far away. I still can't see it. (Enterprise is being strafed by the aircraft, and they are making an impact on what is left of the hull.) One more kilometre. (The ship sweeps down over the skyscrapers, shooting down aircraft as it goes.) [Nazi Weapons Facility] (Vosk steps up in front of the conduit.) I can see it.
Hello? (He sees a figure move, and talks into his communicator.) We're not alone, sir. There's someone in the forest. I believe he went in there. Yeah, he appeared to be a couple of metres tall, biped, odd-looking scales. It'd be best if I went first, sir. (He crawls through a small opening into another cavern. There's a noise behind them, and they see the tail of an armadillo-type creature disappearing through another hole.) Captain. I'm all right, sir. (He gets jumped by a man. Arche is on the other side of the opening.) Fancy meeting you here. I've lost a bit of blood, sir, but I don't think it's too serious. Don't worry about me, sir. I was just getting used to the place. That's an old MK-33, isn't it? Or is it a 34? Impressive body armour you're wearing. Did you make it yourself? Right. I don't suppose there's a lavatory on the premises, is there? I wouldn't mind freshening up a little. No. Didn't think so. (Athan puts down his gun and picks up a digger carcass to eat.) That all depends. What's for dinner? (Athan puts another 'bowl' in front of Reed.) Looks a little undercooked. (eating a piece) Not bad. (Some young people are playing wind instruments made from digger skulls and other bones, a haunting gently melody.) [Ready room] Captain. Not badly, all things considered, but I really wouldn't mind getting this bullet out of my leg.
Well, supposedly Risa's very cosmopolitan. There are species visiting from all over. Now I know you've been cooped up on a starship for too long. Well, nothing, I suppose. I just wouldn't know which eyes to look into. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Now, she's interesting. I don't know. Maybe I should have brought my scanner with me. (He takes drinks from a tray.) Thank you. What shall we drink to? (getting drunk) That place up the street looked pretty lively. How would the Vulcans know? They only mate once every seven years. Do you know something I don't? Oh, she's very disciplined. What? Anything in that database that could help us get a conversation going? I'm Malcolm. Would you join us for a drink? Well, what would you like? Our planet's called Earth. It was my idea. Why don't you tell them about the time you saved Enterprise in your underwear. Subterranean? This is a strange way to get to the garden. Excuse me? There's definitely been a misunderstanding. (They try to run but fail.) Morning. It was probably both. The sun's up. We've been down here all night. I already tried it. Club's closed. The Vulcan database didn't mention anything about crime. What? Wonderful. You were willing to follow two strange aliens into a basement. They were male! If we don't make it to the loading zone on time, they're going to start scanning for our biosigns. Do you want the Captain to find us like this? [Sickbay] Whatever was in that bottle you broke got all over me. It stinks to high heaven. I don't smell anything. You look rested, sir. Did you get a good night's sleep?
I've got two teams working on it. Both launchers should be online in a few hours. Permission to speak freely? Admiral Gardner ordered us to return to Earth, yet we've set a course for Andorian territory. Have you told Starfleet you're planning to warn the Andorians? Have you any idea what the Admiral will do when he finds out? The Vulcans have legitimate reasons for launching this strike. If we alert the Andorians, we will be betraying our closest ally. With all due respect, sir, we shouldn't get involved. Sir? The Ambassador seems to be missing. He's not on board. There's a Vulcan signature on their lead ship. Can we compensate for the flux? Direct hit to their shield generator. Are you sure this is wise? If the Vulcans find us here, they might think we're siding with the Andorians. There's no guarantee they won't fire on us. The Vulcans are powering weapons. The Andorians are doing the same. The Vulcans, they're locking weapons. No, just the Andorians. We're in the crossfire. A Vulcan cruiser's heading towards them. We're not making a dent in their shields. (A pair of Andorian ships drive the Vulcans away.) Hull plating's gone. The launchers aren't responding. The Vulcans are keeping him busy. Looks like we really are on our own. [High Command] The Vulcan ships, they're withdrawing.
Who did this? A transporter signature? Still, it's a likely explanation. He was a loudmouth in a bar. I doubt he could find his head with both hands, never mind organise a kidnapping. Computer, access satellite logs one three seven. Time parameters nineteen hundred and nineteen forty five today. (The screen says grid 137 was offline for maintenance.) What? Starfleet Operations, this is Lieutenant Malcolm Reed aboard Enterprise. Please acknowledge. Sir? I thought I was calling Starfleet Ops. Something like that. Am I to understand you are responsible for taking that satellite grid offline? But you're involved. Phlox is my friend. Do you know where he is? I wasn't aware that I was still a part of your section. They may have dropped to impulse. No, sir. I'll have to bring aboard some of the debris and analyse it. Computer, establish an encrypted comm.-link. Starfleet frequency seven nine baker. You told me the Klingons were going to rendezvous with that freighter, not destroy it. How many were on board that ship? Yes. I'm not certain how much longer I can keep this from him. You want me to lie again? I could explain the situation to the Captain. I've worked closely with the man. You can trust him. I'm being compromised, sir, and I don't like it. I believe we're under attack. [Bridge] (A Klingon ship is attacking them.) He must have been surgically altered to look human. It might've been a safeguard, in case it fell into the wrong hands. I'm not quite sure what you're getting at, sir. I agree. It is a bit of a mystery. There's no doubt. With all due respect, sir, it must have been a mistake. Someone could have tampered with them. Respectfully, sir, I refuse to answer any more questions. I have no idea where the Doctor is, Captain. On that, you have my word. I'm not working for the Klingons. Captain, There are some obligations that go beyond my loyalty to you and this crew. (Archer gestures the MACO to leave them alone.) I can't say any more. I wouldn't know, sir. [Laboratory] So, what are you in for? I shouldn't think so. That's a long story. I lied to him. Why did you and your men board Enterprise? You know, you may find this hard to believe but, you and I actually want the same thing. A cure. There's no reason for you or any more of your people to die. [Bridge] Captain. You need your tactical officer. Please, sir. I can be useful! (But Archer just storms out of the Brig.) [Engineering]
Captain! Still in one piece. It's probably an emergency light running on batteries. Well, there's something here. Some kind of surveillance recorder. (Travis lifts a piece of debris to reveal a device.) The timer might be broken, but that bomb's armed. Don't move. The slightest vibration might set it off. Reed to Enterprise. I need an emergency transporter lock. Two to beam up on my mark. If there's a gravity switch, it'll detonate in the matter stream. Negative, Enterprise. Stand by. (He puts the open communicator on his shoulder, like a phone.) I'm going to attempt to scan it. Yeah. If I had designed that bomb, I'd rig it to go off the instant a sensor beam made contact. Look on the bright side. If it detonates, we'll never know. Steady. There's Vulcan DNA on these controls. So much for blaming Andorians. Boosting scan resolution. (The lights on the device start flashing.) Oh, damn. Enterprise, mark. Enterprise! (And they're beamed away in the nick of time.) [Sickbay] (Archer, T'Pol and Stel enter.) What kind of anomaly? And there's no way to get word to him. According to the security log, this is when T'Pau's biometric signature was recorded. There must be a stimulant you can inject him with, something to bring him around just for a few minutes.
For example, what kind of weapons they carry. Why is that? I'm reading hull damage. Their warp reactor's offline and most of their primary systems are down. Some of it doesn't appear to be from the Fortunate. The main hatch is damaged. No chance we'll get a positive seal. If you didn't need our help, why did you send out a distress call? Get down. What was that? (The module gently floats away from the freighter.) [Bridge] (The viewscreen is showing it happening.) We're trying to track their warp trail, but their plasma cannon knocked out our long range sensors. It's difficult to be sure at this distance, sir. Looks like some kind of plasma discharge. I can't rule out our boomer friends. It's the Fortunate, sir, and three smaller ships. Fore and aft plasma cannons. I doubt those shields of theirs would hold up to our torpedoes. One of the Nausicaan ships has locked weapons on us, sir. The Nausicaan ships are firing, sir. The Nausicaans are powering down their weapons. They're moving off, sir. [Fortunate Infirmary]
Another detour. That's still less time than it would take to go around it.
There are no defensive systems? It's also possible that what we've been told about this colony isn't accurate. We're putting a lot of faith in Hoshi's telepathic friend. (Archer brings up sensor readings of the planet.) If anyone sees us, they'll think we're a meteor.  [Forest] Eight hundred metres, just over that rise. (A little farther on.) REED: That's definitely the source of the energy readings.(Archer looks through his binoculars.) I'm not picking up any security devices. Approximately eighty inside the complex, but not within a hundred metres. (Archer uses his phaser to cut through the metal grill.)  [Refinery Storage room] (One window looks out over a massive industrial area. Reed scans some canisters.) Captain. Some kind of radiolytic compound. It doesn't match anything in our database. There's several hundred kilograms n this room. (A door opens, and the three hide.) Captain, this place obviously has something to do with the weapon. It seems to me the sooner we put it out of commission, the better. There's nobody else here, sir. Apparently he lives alone. Congratulations, sir. Three months ago we entered the Expanse with no idea who these Xindi were or how to find them, and now we're about to destroy one of their weapons facilities. They struck first. Let's not forget the seven million people who were killed. What about Gralik, sir? He'll tell them about Enterprise. The reptilians seem rather upset about something.  [Sickbay] (The weapon is in the Imaging Chamber.) Captain, there are two Xindi biosigns heading this way. (An arboreal knocks on the door.) Captain. They've gone. Just because you didn't show up for work? Someone's closing on our position, sir. Four hundred metres. I'm not certain. Three hundred and fifty metres. Still closing, sir. Two hundred metres, one fifty. They're bloody fast, whoever they are. (Archer runs through the trees.) No, sir. We just might have stopped those bloodhounds before they transmitted our position. Permission to speak freely? I'm not sure it was wise to let him go. There are two of them, loading containers. They're heading back. Reed to Enterprise. The Captain's inside the Xindi shuttle. Captain, three Xindi have just come out of the complex. We've run into a small problem. Stand by.  [Outside refinery entrance]
I don't know about you, but I find her quite attractive. (Tucker gets on the other bicycle.) You haven't done anything to make her think that you Tell him what? That his wife is trying to seduce you? Not a good idea. It might be a lot easier to avoid her advances than to get Phlox angry. I once saw him lose his temper when one of his creatures bit him. It wasn't a pretty sight. [Sickbay]
Imagine having Soong as your teacher. We'll check out the rest of this place. (Archer finds video files of Soong with the children at a birthday party) Hold it! (The lad runs into the main room.) Captain! Captain. We're nearly out of transporter range. If that's what it takes to stun them, what have you got to do to kill them? [Station Control Hub] (Malik hauls the Station's Deputy Director into the tube.) We're not talking about normal human beings here. Somewhere else?
 It must be something pretty serious. (Tucker enters.) The Captain wants to talk to us. Maybe it has something to do with the (Archer enters, and they all stand.) A million? Captain, we've got Suliban ships. Eight of them, approaching at high warp. The captain. [Suliban ship] A vessel's dropping out of warp. They've fired some kind of (Enterprise is struck by weapons fire.) That one took out both forward phase cannons. I'm so sorry. Are you certain she was here when it happened?  Photonic torpedoes. Their range is over fifty times greater than our conventional torpedoes, and they have a variable yield. They can knock the comm. array off a shuttlepod without scratching the hull or they can put a three kilometre crater into an asteroid. We've got three teams working on it. They promise me it'll be done before we leave Spacedock, but I've got to start integrating them into the power grid.  Is there going to be some kind of service? I guess I was talking about a memorial. I read there was a day of remembrance for all the victims a couple of months ago. I'm sorry you missed it. I'm not obsessed. She was more important to you. There nothing wrong in admitting that. What yield?  They're still on our backs, sir. Stand down weapons, sir?  Only one left ,sir. Duras has transferred his aft shields forward. Our weapons can't penetrate them.
I've been reviewing service transcripts. You've got over a thousand hours in an EV suit. Are you interested in running this mission with us? Get prepped. The Janus. That includes EV combat training. Don't know what to expect. (The shuttlepod launches.) [Degra's ship] Damage? Where? I don't see an exhaust vent. T'Pol! I'm telling you! You could have warned us ahead of time. Let's break out the suits. [Degra's quarters] Picking up a very powerful energy signature. It's practically gift-wrapped. (They don't notice some kid of metal arm coming from the ceiling.) [Shuttlepod] Can you pin-point it? I suggest we work fast. [Ready room] Reed to Shuttlepod one. Anything? I don't see anything. Are you sure? Hawkins! (The hand disintegrates the valiant MACO.) (to T'Pol) Go! Go! (A second hand grabs for T'Pol and the memory core, but Reed blows it away. The shuttlepod moves in to pick them up.) [Shuttlepod] I'm all right. I'm fine. Maybe that's the problem. Maybe we're getting a bit too comfortable with losing people. Twenty three men and women. On any given mission the limits of acceptable casualties is twenty percent. So says traditional military doctrine. Well, we've crossed that margin. That doesn't make his death any more acceptable. I hope there's something in there you can use.
I'm not picking up any other ships or satellites. Even if we flatten the building with a torpedo barrage, it probably wouldn't make a dent in that energy field. That's strange. Sensors aren't [Shuttlepod] Picking up anything under the shop. No basement, no bedrock. It's like the building's sitting on nothing at all. Understood. I'm picking up multiple weapon platforms. They're armed to the teeth. The ship's firing. (Whumph!) They're recharging weapons. I've got a fix on it. The forward hull plating's depolarising. They've got some kind of energy shielding. Our weapons are ineffective. (Starboard tube's loaded. Their shielding is down.
Did you tell him about the Captain and T'Pol? Probably should've skipped breakfast this morning. [Bridge] That was no thermal. (two Vulcan patrol ships are attacking them) The plasma-cannons are still working, but I can't say the same for the targeting sensors. It doesn't seem to be affecting them. I'll have to aim manually. Can you get us on their tail? (one quick loop-the-loop later, the pod shoots at the Vulcans) How are they still below us? We have to abort. You won't be able to get us back up. Andoria?
