Data, Geordi, Tasha. Cover the ship as planned. Move out. Their Bridge. If this thing works, be sure to record everything. (The picture gets cleaned up) You were right. Somebody blew the hatch. They were all sucked out into space. Thank you, Data. Frozen? How? Riker to Captain, I have a report for you, sir. They're all dead. [Bridge] As I said, all dead. Captain's log, supplemental. We are downloading the research information gathered on the collapsing star nearby. I am concerned at being in such close orbit, but the Tsiolkovsky's research records will no doubt predict the time of the star's final collapse. [Crusher's office] That doesn't sound like you, Geordi. Data, I need help in locating some library computer information. All I have is a vague memory of reading somewhere about someone taking a shower in his or her clothing. I believe it may have happened before. This ought to be easy for someone written up in bio-mechanical texts. Probably. This may take some time. You can depend on it. [Sickbay] (While Beverly puts the results of her latest scan into her computer, Geordi takes off his comm. badge and walks out into the corridor. When she gets there, he is nowhere in sight) I know. It's like looking for a needle in a haystack. Correction, Data, I should have said proverbial needle in a haystack. Historical. That's it. I remember I was reading a history of all the past starships named Enterprise. Captain, I believe we've have the answer to what happened over there. Similar conditions. They were monitoring a planet that was breaking up, not a collapsing star as in this case. But there were the same huge shifts in gravity, Like intoxication, but worse. Judgment almost completely impaired, Captain, the ship's engines are cut off from the bridge. The Assistant Chief Engineer pulled out the isolinear optical chips from command. All engines are offline. Wesley has hooked some kind of tractor beam to ship's power and he has it aimed at the door. We can't get past to get at the computer. [Bridge] Deanna, what? Deanna. (She strokes his chest) Come on, I'm getting you to Sickbay. (He picks her up and carries her) Doctor Crusher? [Crusher's office] Deanna needs your help. What? We don't have that kind of time. She's infected with If I don't get the command computer back online soon, none of this, whatever this is, won't matter. We'll all be dead. Captain's log, supplemental. It is no longer an inconvenient, childish prank. Young Wesley Crusher, admittedly a victim of the Tsiolkovsky infection, is now in control of my starship. [Bridge] Where's that sonic driver? Riker here. Thank you, Lieutenant. I'm on my way. You'll have to handle this. Are you alright, sir? Take us out of here. Wesley Crusher, this is Riker. Come in. [Engineering] The star is still collapsing. We're directly in the path of [Engineering] Come on, Data, hurry. Ship's log, First Officer Riker. Enterprise will be destroyed unless it can be moved out of the path of the star material hurtling toward us. Our only hope is for Lieutenant Commander Data, in the time we have left, to regain his senses and reconnect engine power to the Bridge. [Engineering] No time for courtesy. Get the damned control chips back in place, in the correct order. Now! Data, we've got eight or nine minutes at most. Can you finish by then? Damn it, no. I can't afford to get this. [Crusher's Office] (Picard enters with a little skip) We're not going to make it, Captain. If we had just a minute or so. We're pushing away. (The stellar matter hits the Tsiolkovsky, then Data finishes his task) Bridge, engage engines! (Enterprise warps away in the nick of time) [Bridge] (Crusher's injections wipe the smiles off the remaining Bridge crew) It's only fair to mention Wesley in a log entry, sir. Aye, sir. Helm, prepare for warp three. Heading two hundred and ninety four mark thirty seven. Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Riker to Commander Data, Lieutenant La Forge. Report to the Transporter Room for away party duty. [Centreplace] First officer to Captain. Ready with the away personnel. Riker to Captain. We're fine tuned enough to see your hosts gathering in the open area outside, sir. Three of them are heading for your location. Riker to Captain. Since you've fulfilled your agreement, Captain, can we now beam the vaccine aboard? And to complete our business here, we are locked onto you.
Sorry ladies. Duty calls. [Transporter room] You needed me, Lieutenant? What is it? Odd looking. (Troi enters) What's going on? (The box bursts open and scatters gems on the transporter pad) Who's getting married? Your father was human, Deanna. The Millers are human That's not all I want, Deanna. Every word. This whole thing is still bizarre. I'm sorry. I'll try. (Riker leaves as Data enters) I thought the Tarellians were all dead What are the poor devils doing here? The fact that it's travelling at its present velocity suggests a possible answer. If it were unable to reach warp speed, it would have taken all these years to get here. Captain. If you'll excuse me, I'd like to spend some time considering the Tarellian situation Ladies and gentlemen. (Riker leaves) I will miss you, Deanna. You taught me that word means my beloved. Have you discussed this with Wyatt? I think you should. It's also damned unfair to me. The problem is, Imzadi, I couldn't. Not now. Call it an old Earth tradition, habit of the beasts, whatever. We were just talking about you, Wyatt. Yes. And in that discussion, I If you'll excuse me. We recognise your situation. Captain! (The viewscreen crackles into life, and it's a face Troi recognises) Aye, sir. Warp two, helm. Heading five seven mark three one nine. Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Engineering to Bridge, we're ready.
There she is. Stay with them, La Forge. Anything on that design, Data? Do we return their fire, sir? Obviously we've underestimated their technology, Captain. It's impossible they could be draining all power from all systems. Except that they know they've got us in deep trouble. Which reports do not conflict? From the history of my forebears. Yankee traders. And are those scholars saying the Ferengi may not unlike us? Yankee traders. I like the sound of that. Aye, sir. Bottom line, La Forge. Almost? What's our acceleration delay between slow-reverse impulse and top warp speed? Can we do it, Geordi? Give me everything you've got. In a sudden, abrupt power surge to high warp speed, Captain, we may be able to break loose from that Ferengi forcefield. They're wondering what we're going to do next. Yes, sir. He will triumph who knows when to fight and when not to fight. I believe we've covered every available alternatives, Captain. Are there other options that you want to analyse? Sir? It's moving, sir. I'm afraid I agree, Captain. They have not responded. Matthew! Pola! You know this area is off limits. Come on, come on. (they scurry out as Picard enters) Boys will be boys, Captain. Stars whose planets are their defence system? There's our mysterious something, Captain. It is a forcefield of some kind. And if the Ferengi also realise the forcefield emanates from the planet, sir? I wonder, Captain. I'm not usually one for distrust at first sight, but this may be an exception. With this power drain we can't delay. Now, I'd like some additional help in case we run into trouble. Can you spare Worf? Understood. Anything else? Understood. Energise. [Planet surface] (It's a barren place with interesting crystalline structures here and there, and lightning flashes almost continuously. Riker appears alone) Tasha? Data? Geordi? Worf? Anybody?! (He goes searching for the others) Data? (He finds him standing on one of the crystalline outcrops) What are you doing up there? Unfortunately. Let's find the others. What do you make of these? Excuse me? They've got to be around here somewhere. (They carry on searching) What's that? That! Geordi! (Geordi is hanging upside down from the only tree in the area) Are you conscious? What are you doing? Who are you? (The Ferengi let fly energy bolts from their whips, knocking the three men out. Actually, it takes two jolts to knock out Riker) Captain's log, supplemental. It is now six hours since our away team beamed down to the planet surface. On the Enterprise, our condition is rapidly worsening. Ordinarily, with reserve power alone, we could maintain life support for several months. But the force holding has closed down all engines and is draining our reserve power too. [Recreation lounge] (Blankets are being handed out) It is gold. (Renewed thunder and lightning makes the Ferengi try to cover their ears) It's nothing compared to what our Captain will do when he finds out you've broken our landing party agreement. I'm Commander William Riker, First Officer of the USS Enterprise. You have a lot to learn. (Work pounces on two of the Ferengi, Data and Riker join in the melee. The little aliens fight dirty) I've got this one! Phasers on stun. Along the same principle as that which is draining energy from our ships. And these? Who asks the question? Why should we petition to entry to an empire that no longer exists? Your empire fell prey to a supernova. Data, Please repeat the file. You must have been asleep, Portal, for hundreds of thousands of our years. We invite your petition. Yes. If you believe those accusations, then you certainly should act on them. I admit we withheld modern technology from some worlds. At ease, Lieutenant! And we still have more faults No! That's an order. How do you know my name? (Portal whirls his staff, bringing it to a sudden stop by Riker's right ear. He doesn't flinch) Fear is the true enemy, the only enemy. (Portal lowers his staff, and becomes friendly and chatty) An old Chinese philosopher from ancient Earth history. Gladly. But first our starship. Can you release it? Which was? Then they would learn nothing. Is this a test also? I find them very much as we were a several hundred years ago, but possessing the technology they have now, they're very dangerous . But we can hardly hate what we once were. They may grow and learn. Our values require us to face that possibility. What of you, with your empire gone? The T9 energy converter has been beamed aboard and secured, sir. The Ferengi complained bitterly, but one final roar from Portal convinced them. One final request, sir. Permission to beam a box of Data's Chinese finger puzzles over to the Ferengi. A thank you for all they tried to do.
Welcome aboard. If you'll follow me I will show you the accommodations that we've About one hundred metres apart. I believe we can accommodate your wishes. We'll rearrange the suite assignments. If you'll follow me. Of course, sir. (Riker and the delegation leave) No sir. I didn't understand that kind of hostility even when I studied Earth history. I thought that had been taken care of in advance, Tasha. Then do so. Lieutenant Yar was confused. We no longer enslave animals for food purposes. You've seen something as fresh and tasty as meat, but inorganically materialised out of patterns used by our transporters. At least, sir, all the department heads have reported the damage repaired. These weapons were taken from two of your people who were loitering out of sight in the vicinity of the Selay delegation quarters. Would you care to explain, sir? And you have to admit that these could kill. Nevertheless, Chief Delegate, you're on notice that all of your weapons, no matter what their basic function, are being confiscated. Violence will not be tolerated on the Enterprise. We have a saboteur aboard. Agreed. It must be someone from either alien delegation. Now, if the Ferengi could have bought or bribed even one of them, that's all that they'd need. You're sounding like a private eye, sir. But I'm afraid we're going to have to find our solution without history's greatest Consulting Detective. [Engineering] (Wesley is at an auxiliary console) It's something the Captain mentioned. Sherlock Holmes. Indubitably, Data has been studying him. Which, leaves us with only one conclusion. Mister La Forge? Sir, I'm puzzled about your reversing our course. But we're behind schedule for Parliament already. If he's dangerous. If. Only if all command officers agreed it vital to do so. But he has not been showing any overt unusual behaviour. Sir, Counsellor Troi has recommended the examinations. It is my duty to inform the Captain we believe he may be under some kind of alien influence which may constitute a danger to this ship. What the hell? Riker to Security Chief. [Bridge] Selays are playing hide and seek down here, obviously with the Anticans. It's a lethal game. I want them returned to their quarters under guard. Very well, Mister La Forge. Bring us to within ten thousand kilometres and hold us there. Shall we begin the scientific tests you wanted, sir? Is it in control of you, sir? Captain, I must speak to you privately now. Captain, do you hear me? I refuse to allow this, sir. Security! Red Alert! Restrain the Captain! Someone restrain the Captain! [Transporter room] (The transporter chief is on the floor with blue energy dancing on him. Picard activates the transporter and beams out.) First Officer's log, supplemental. More than an hour has passed since the Captain beamed out, energy only. Every effort has been made to determine his whereabouts. [Bridge] Give me a choice then. Mister La Forge, it's time to set a course for Parliament. Warp eight. The entity, has it abandoned him? Beam him back as what? He's nothing but energy now. Bring us in closer, La Forge. There's no way to know. Let's hope he can come part way himself. Troi, is there any way you can get a message to him? Bring us right into the edge of it, La Forge. P for Picard! Is it a wild theory, Data? Is what you're thinking possible? I wish we had some sign that he's in here. I guess we have no choice but to risk it. Sounds like our Captain. Doctor Crusher asked me to steer you past Sickbay. She said you've been looking very tired. (Tasha enters) Lieutenant. This couldn't have waited a moment?
As per report, sir. Class M, Earth-like, beautiful. It will startle you. There are none, sir. Not that any of us can find. No, sir. No, it's all right, Lieutenant. Those are the Edo we met before. They certainly are fit. Rivan, Liator. Also from our vessel, Troi. Counsellor? Yeah. There are others who would like to visit here, if you would give us a limit on the numbers. Play? That's the custom here, running. Lead the way. (They all set off along a paved path) When in Rome, eh? We may surprise you in a lot of ways. Thanks. Another time. It certainly is. The good life, Worf. Even Klingons need love now and then. What about plain old basic sex? You must have some need for that. Worf, if anyone else had said that, I'd suspect he was bragging. I think I'll pass on that. I'd better check in. Enterprise, come in. Captain, do you read me? Let's. This may be nothing, but let's move all our people together. We've lost contact with our ship. Help me locate Wes. He's wandered off. (Riker and Troi leave. Worf goes over to Tasha, who is with Rivan and Liator) It won't happen again. We apologise. I thought you reviewed their laws. What punishment? Name it! What is this? You said death. Is this poison? Enterprise from away team, come in. Are you receiving us, Enterprise? [Bridge] (Doctor Crusher is examining Data, who still has the globe attached to him) In accord with the Prime Directive, I've allowed them to hold him pending the outcome of this. It's almost time. I want the boy brought here now. (Liator get up) Which has to do with another law that we must obey. When has justice ever been as simple as a rulebook? (The party are beamed up) Main viewer on. Agreed, sir. Short and sweet. God-like efficiency. Gladly, sir. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
They're prepared to talk, sir. Then we should meet him here. Keep him under our control. (Picard nods) What? Wesley, if you've something to report. Says who? What's wrong, sir? Bringing it here personally, perhaps with the idea of being on hand for the Ferengi beam over, might have imperiled this vessel had it been something hostile approaching. Suggest it would be safer, sir, to have the Ferengi here whatever happenings. They are that, sir. Is second-hand merchandise. You wouldn't want him. Bridge to Sickbay. Staff's waiting, if Doctor Crusher approves. Where did it come from? Your shields were failing, sir. And blowing into maximum warp speed, you appeared for an instant to be in two places at once. I did what any good helmsman could have done. You did it first, sir. I understand, sir. As soon as my people have made certain she's safe. Enterprise now taking possession of Stargazer, Kazago. Actually it was quite a bargain, Kazago. I thought the Ferengi always made a profit on things. (Kazago growls and ends the transmission) Set sub-warp speed for towing, LaForge. How was it, Captain? Aye, sir. (Picard leaves) What's wrong? What is it, Data? Why all the mystery? What are you saying? What? Impossible. What about the fire aboard the Stargazer? And what proof? I don't know, sir. It sounds like your voice. I refuse to believe you ever said that. I've assumed they've simulated your voice somehow. I've already put Data to work on it. I know, sir, I must report it to Starfleet. That's at least one full day for subspace communications to reach there. I can't believe they'd ask for your command. I'm certain the Ferengi are behind the faked log. No wonder they're waiting out there. Headache back, sir? It's no wonder, with all this going on. Try to relax. (Riker leaves) PICARD [Stargazer log] This is a confession given by me, Jean-Luc Picard, commanding USS Stargazer, in the hopes that my belated honesty will be taken into account by Starfleet when judging my actions during a confrontation with an unidentified vessel. [Bridge] Open hailing frequencies, Geordi. I'll take it in the Ready room. Secure channel, La Forge. Starship Ferengi, this is Commander Riker here. I'd like to speak to First Officer Kazago. Are our channels secure on your end? Are you aware of the details of the Battle of Maxia? Infamy? And if I produced evidence that Captain Picard's log entry was falsified to indicate that? Just one question. First Officer to First Officer, Kazago, if your Captain Bok knew about this, then why this peaceful meeting to present us with the Stargazer? What does that mean? I don't want a computer science lesson, Data. Bottom line. You have orders for me, sir? Sir? Sir, are you abandoning? No, sir. I'll release her, of course. [Sickbay] (The output from the forehead devices is on a wall display) Resting in his quarters after ordering both of you to your duty stations. Did who say? Computer, give me a location on Captain Picard. What? Computer, emergency order to Transporter room three. Stargazer, Captain, respond! Go take a look, fast! Enterprise to Stargazer, please respond. Enterprise to Captain Picard aboard Stargazer. Please answer. Mister Data, what was Stargazer's condition? Armaments, Lieutenant Yar? What do you make of it, La Forge? Where was it in the Captain's quarters, Mister Worf? Let's find out, or try to. Contact the Ferengi vessel, Lieutenant. Enterprise to Ferengi vessel, we transmit visually. Do you respond? I will discuss that with your captain. He's beamed himself aboard the Stargazer, and I'm wondering if this has something to do with it. It was found in our Captain's chest, which brought over from the Stargazer. Kazago, you know who controls those spheres. Now I ask you again, First Officer to First Officer. What's going on? Switch, now! Enterprise to Picard. The Picard Manoeuvre. What is the defence against that, Data? Then devise one, fast! Not now, Kazago. Fine, fine, Enterprise out! And use it as an aiming point and blow our Captain to bits? Right. Concentrate shields at that point. Make it so. I hope you're right, Data. Stand by! (Stargazer suddenly appears to be in two places at once) Lock on tractor beam. (And the Stargazer is held) [Stargazer Bridge] Are you all right, Captain? [Stargazer Bridge]
Captain, I have a schematic of the explosion site. It suggests the cause as a methane-like gas seeping in from underground. He's got us there, Captain. I might, if we weren't on our way to help some suffering and dying humans who We don't have time for these games. Where are we? But this won't be boring. If Q is anything, he's imaginative. Apparently our Captain wasn't meant to be with us here. [Bridge] Incredible. I was just thinking about an old-fashioned lemonade. What about my people? You're still fascinated with the human past? Perhaps you're not that original. You're the one who said it. While we're at it, this isn't part of any human future. This isn't that familiar to me. Data? And a marshal outranks even an Admiral Of course you wouldn't. But Napoleonic equipment on an alien planet. One so different it has twin moons? If we must play a game, what would we win? Where is she, Q? You can forget your game if Geordi, can you see Worf? Armed with ancient ball and powder muskets? Except for one thing. It hardly sounds like Q to give us an advantage like that. Unless. (He does a test firing. A rock blows up most satisfactorily) I'm afraid that was me, Worf. I was checking to see if the phasers still operate. Report. What did you find? Data, if you've got a theory about what's happening? (But it's not Data, it's Q made up to look like him) Those aren't muskets. (He vapourises two soldiers) You'll let me beam them? The joke is you. What do you need, Q? You want something from us, desperately. What is it? Now that's a compliment, Q. But that's not an answer. Out of the goodness of your heart. Which means exactly what? I don't understand. Until? Would you mind going over that again? We're growing. Something about us compels us to learn, explore. Aeons. Have you any idea how far we'll advance? I suppose you mean that as a compliment, Q. Or maybe it's my limited mind. But to become a part of you? I don't even like you. Look out! Wesley! No! Damn it! Damn it to hell! (Riker throws up a Q forcefield in front of the soldiers) And that's not all! [Bridge] (They are all back on the Bridge, alive and well, including Wesley - sob) No one has ever offered to turn me into a god before. You've also seen it in what I can do. Are you worried that I won't be able to say no to it? Certainly. You have my word. Are there any others? I can't. I'm prevented from that by a promise. [Bridge] I should never have made that agreement with you. I could have saved that child. When I used it before, what happened? I saved most of our Bridge crew. As soon as it's convenient Captain, I want a meeting with you and your Bridge staff. The Bridge will be fine, since I've called the entire staff. Of course, Jean-Luc. (Crusher and Wesley enter) Wesley, this meeting is not for you. All right, he stays. Because I've been given unusual powers, I am not suddenly a monster. Except for these abilities, and I don't yet know how far they go, I'm the same William T. Riker you've always known. Well? Everyone still looks uncomfortable. And absolute power corrupts absolutely. Do you believe I haven't thought of that, Jean-Luc? In what way? Haven't you seen how much I regretted not saving that child? Using the Q power to save her may not have been wrong. No more than it was wrong to save the rest of you from those soldier things. Actually, they think highly of us, Tasha. We have a quality of growth which they admire. Don't you understand his incredible gift to me? There'd be no harm, would there, if I gave them something I know they'd like? Don't be frightened. There is no way I could harm any of you. Shall I guess your dreams? No! Wesley, I may know best of all. Our friendship, our long talks Have your favourite wish, my young friend. (Wesley is transformed from teenager to hunk) You're ten years older. A man. Data. But it's what you've always wanted, Data, to become human. Well, my friend, I know what you want. (He waves his hand in front of Geordi and takes off the visor) Then we can throw away the visor? Proud warrior Worf, without a single tie to his own kind. (A Klingon woman is kneeling at his feet. She gets up, tries to swipe at Tasha, and gets knocked down by Worf) If this is because your mother objects? How did you know, sir? I feel like such an idiot. Yes, sir. You have my coordinates, La Forge.
My pleasure, sir. Ma'am. For a man in his position, he doesn't seem to know much about the situation. What I don't understand, sir, is how Karnas knew you were still available. So far as he knew, sir, you could have been dead. I do, sir. Sir? The Admiral? If we don't deliver Jameson in five minutes, one of the hostages will be executed. [Sickbay] He promises the method of execution will be most painful. [Sickbay] I wonder if one doesn't have to have age and wisdom to appreciate that, sir.
This is primarily a diplomatic mission. The Jaradan are strategically important to the Federation. Previous attempts have failed because they are so easily irritated. A slip in the pronunciation of the greeting caused a twenty year rift. Status report. One could get the feeling they don't exactly trust us. That's not part of the plan. Pipe it through. This is Commander Riker, First Officer of the Enterprise. No sir, I'm not. I suggest we commence with screen to screen communication so we can see each other Terrific. Find the Captain. He's in the Holodeck. Tasha, take over. I'm going to holodeck three. Geordi's well equipped to deal with the situation, Wes. Right now, your duty's here on the Bridge. Come on, Wesley. [Interrogation room] Have you tried the intercom? Riker to holodeck. Riker to holodeck! (Wesley takes a piece of equipment and uses it to 'look' at the holodeck controls) Are you seeing anything? What can I do? All right. Get it fixed. Any word from the Jaradans? They may be testing us. Seeing if we'll stick to the arrangements. We wait. Standard orbit, Mister Worf. Riker to Holodeck. We're running out of time. [Outside holodeck] We're going to have to tell them something. Open hailing frequencies. This is Commander Riker, aboard the Enterprise. We demand that you (ear splitting noise) Cut that off! They're not going to be satisfied with anyone less than the Captain. [Outside Holodeck] Forget the explanation! Can you do it? [Outside Holodeck] Do you need more time to study it? Do it. [Hill's Office] Are you ready, sir? So, did you have a nice vacation?
Stand by for subwarp. Head for standard orbit of Data's planet. I wonder why Data hasn't come up here. Do you want to take her into orbit, Data? It usually refers to one's own memories, Captain. Do the memories you were given include farms, Data? How would Starfleet judge me if I didn't? An entire Earth colony did disappear down there. This looks like anything but farmland. This is the exact position listed in the Tripoli log. Do you recognise anything, Data? What's the first thing you remember, Data? The colony laboratory. Extremely well equipped. Does this stir any memories, Data? Posted by proud parents? Who? You don't mean Doctor Noonien Soong? A positronic brain. He promised so much. And then when he failed completely, Doctor Soong disappeared. Now we know he went somewhere else to try a second time. Data, Geordi, we'll get a close look at this lab. You and Lieutenant Worf reconnoitre where these corridors lead. An epidermal mold. Made to give your exterior the desired finish. Come in, Lieutenant. Thank you, Lieutenant. Complete your record scans and report back here. How many more Datas are there? I honestly don't know, Data. He? Data, we don't know that this can become alive. Understood. We'll take it back to the ship with us. Captain's log, Stardate 41242.45. Despite having only a few hours in which to explore Data's home planet we've discovered something which may explain Data's beginnings, if we can properly assemble and communicate with what we've found. [Laboratory] (A mass of people are working on putting the pieces together, while Data looks on) Does it appear to have all your parts? You might want to have a look at this, Captain. Could be a link to the disappearance of the colonists. It was displayed in the lab, no doubt by proud parents. It could be just a child's imagination, but several children did similar drawings. It certainly is a good match for Data, sir. And the square of the hypotenuse of a right triangle Lore had been disassembled. He explained it as jealousy from the colonists. And Data wasn't yet alive at that time. Captain, how believable do you find that crystal thing? I know Data's been doing considerable research on Doctor Soong's background. Let's be sure. Wesley, would you look in on Commander Data? Discreetly? Set main viewer on that tangent. I can't believe anything's overtaking us this fast. I recognise it, sir. It's the crystal image Lore described. I've guided his training, sir, I'm the one at fault. You will show the proper respect. I will accompany you down there to make certain of it. With your approval, of course, sir. [Data's Quarters] You will bring it to the Bridge, immediately. (Riker and Wesley leave) It was Lore, sir. Same facial twitches that we've seen all along. Lying unconscious on the floor exactly as Data had described. But then it suddenly became violent, apparently sensing that Wesley and I were present. Which you'll beam over next to the entity Captain, the crystal thing has begun to move away. It's gone, sir. Without Lore, it had no way to reach us. I only wish we were all as well balanced, sir.
Assuming any of the survivors made it this far. Admittedly, it 'is the closest planet to the Odin, but to travel distance we did in two days at warp one would have taken the Odin escape pod five months. Thank you, Data. Where're you fellows off to? Save us some deep powder. The away team's ready, sir. We'll do our best to make a good impression, sir. We don't consider even one survivor petty. Are there survivors from the freighter Odin on your planet? (to Troi) What's going on? [Guest quarters] Is thus area secure? Can we talk? Good. Troi? Paranoia, I'd say. But of what? I agree. Otherwise, why would they be so circumspect? Let's not look for problems. [Turbolift] An aphrodisiac is something used to stimulate or enhance sexual pleasure. We don't understand the source of your misgivings, Mistress, but we appreciate your faith in us. Data, what's the best way to go about finding Ramsey and the other survivors? Mister Data will need access to your library. Good. It's for my meeting with Beata. Of course. Part of this mission is diplomatic. I have requested an audience with a head of state, and I will honour her by wearing indigenous apparel. Why, what is this attitude? On Kabatris I had to wear furs to meet the leadership council. And on Armus Nine I wore feathers. This objection doesn't have anything to do with the fact that Beata is a woman, and an attractive one, does it? [Ready Room] (The Captain is obviously ill) What do you think? Thank you, Lieutenant. Actually it feels quite comfortable. [Beata's quarters] (They also double as her private office) Thank you, The Enterprise reports a possible location for Mister Ramsey and the other survivors. You don't believe me? Mistress Ariel, I hear the words but not the sincerity. With your permission, we'd like to begin our search immediately. Certainly that can wait until we've recovered the survivors. Not at all. Lieutenant Yar and Counsellor Troi are completely qualified. Riker to Lieutenant Yar. [Guest quarters] In the interests of diplomatic relations, I'll remain here with Mistress Beata while you conduct our search. [Guest quarters] Why were you so hesitant at first to tell us about the Odin survivors? It's not our position to interfere in the domestic affairs of other societies. Of course. Otherwise, how can we learn? Yes. Yes. In our society, we share the responsibilities and the pleasures equally. Which is why I am able to be here with you while the women of the away team go to find Ramsey. Yes, I find you very attractive. It's not my function to seduce or be seduced by the leader of another world. No, it's not. But will you still respect me in the morning? Thank you, Trent. Compliments of the USS Enterprise. It's called an Albeni meditation crystal. (He touches it with a rod, and it pulses with a yellow glow) And doesn't have to be told by a woman? Men are not objects to be possessed, Mistress Beata. What happened, Tasha? I'm sorry, there's nothing else we can do. What's the latest on the Enterprise's medical situation? And what about the Romulans entering the Neutral Zone? I think it's time we to leave this place. She has to find them first. Ramsey and his bunch have been fugitives for years. I suspect he's pretty good at evading capture. You claim to be an advanced society, and yet you resort to executions in order to suppress those who don't share your views. Why? Because I'm only a man? Mistress Beata, if you had an alternative to the execution of Ramsey and his followers, would you take it? Then let us meet with the men from Odin one last time. Let me try to convince them to leave with us. Yes. All of them. [Holding area] There's no time to debate the issues. You're going with us whether you choose to go or not. I realise that, Mister Data. I'd rather face a court martial than live with the guilt of leaving these people to their deaths. Commander Riker to Enterprise. Doctor, where is Lieutenant La Forge? [Bridge] Doctor, these people are facing their deaths down here. [Bridge] Understood. Doctor, would this virus have any effect on Mister Data? You're going back there alone. I want you to get the Enterprise into the Neutral Zone before it's too late. I don't know, Deanna. [Guest quarters] You send Mistress Beata our regrets. Riker here. Data, I gave you direct orders to get to Neutral Zone immediately. Explain the delay. [Bridge] Forty-eight minutes. [Bridge] Perhaps, Data, perhaps. Thank you [Bridge] On second thought, Trent, we would be honoured to witness your moral imperative in action. [Great Hall] Mistress Beata, before we see living examples of your compassion, may I speak? Nothing of the sort. As the governing body of Angel One, you're entitled to execute your laws or your citizens as you see fit. When you spoke of the prisoners, you used the term revolutionary. Indeed, death has been known to stop revolutions. But I suspect it's not a revolution that Angel One is hoping to stop. It's evolution. Mister Ramsey and the Odin survivors did not initiate the waves of dissent that are rippling through your planet. Their presence here merely reinforced the change in attitudes between men and women that was already well under way. They became symbols around whom others who shared their views could gather. You may eliminate the symbols, but that does not mean death to the issues which those symbols represent. No power in the universe can hope to stop the force of evolution. Be warned. The execution of Mister Ramsey and his followers may elevate them to the status of martyrs. Martyrs cannot be silenced. (Ramsey is taken to the place of execution. Trent starts to lower his hand) I don't know if it was enough. [Bridge] Data, Ramsey and the prisoners are with us in the Great Hall. I want you to lock the transporter. Prepare to evacuate the entire group. [Bridge] Riker to Enterprise. Belay my previous order, Mister Data. There will now be only three to beam up. Energise. [Bridge] (Beverly greet the arrivals with an injection) Are they recovering? And the Captain? Don't we have a call to pay on the Romulans, Captain? Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Stand by to dock. Engage mooring beams and lock off. We were unexpectedly delayed at Omicron Pascal. And are these gentlemen the Bynars? [Engineering] The Bynars seem perfect for this. Even though this is the first time I've ever come in contact with them. It'll be interesting to see how they improve a computer as advanced as ours. [Turbolift] I've never been very good at organising my time off. Something'll turn up. It always does. [Bridge] (There are four Bynars at a rear computer station. Wesley is watching them as Riker and Picard enter) I thought there were only going to be two of you. Is there a problem? Then why are you acting so excited? I'm not sure that I do. Maybe it's probably nothing. Maybe. I'm going to stroll the ship. You've got the Bridge. Keep your eye on them. You've already got all the players you need. No, you know if you do that in Parrises Squares you lose the rhythm of the game. No. But win, all right? The pride of the Enterprise goes with you. Worf, it's just a game. A little friendly competition, You work up a sweat, you have a few laughs, and you make new friends. I hope so, for their sake. (The team go down another corridor, then the lights go out. Riker activates panel 40271)) Computer. There's a power reduction in section L-Ninety Four. Explain. Tell me what it's supposed to be, then I'll give you my opinion. Is that what those are? Keep notes. This project might turn out to be of interest to scholars in the future. Well of course. Think about it. A blind man teaching an android how to paint? That's got to be worth a couple of pages in somebody's book. [Doctor's office] You look like you're packing to leave forever. Is that someone I should know of? How's it going? How much has been changed? What exactly did you do? All right. What should I choose? Computer, I'd like some place to play some music. A little atmosphere. Jazz. Circa 1958. Kansas City. No, wait. New Orleans. Bourbon Street Bar, New Orleans. Around two a.m. Very good. Very good indeed. Now I'll need someone to play with. A trio. Piano, bass and drums, and a 'bone for me. (The musicians appear) Now an audience. Whoa. Too many. I was thinking of something a little more intimate. (A single blonde in a red dress) Great job, boys. But, computer, blondes and jazz seldom go together. (a red-head) Now that is truly exceptional. But more sultry. (A brunette at the bar) Gentlemen, if this is what you call enhancement, you've got a gift for understatement. (The Bynars work on the internal controls as the band starts playing) What's your name? Tell me you love jazz. Why not Dixieland? My girl. What's a knockout like you doing in a computer-generated gin joint like this? Waiting for me? You can't be serious. What makes you say that? Maybe it's my music. Too real. Thanks for letting me sit in. I'm going to have to leave for a while to see to my duties. It is me. It's what I am. Sure, why not. (She snuggles in close) How did you learn to dance so well? Interesting choice of words. That's exactly what it does. I know that. I'd be a fool not to realise how lucky I am to be on this ship serving with these people. It's like a dream come true. Just like this. I know you are a computer-generated image, but your smell, your touch, the way you feel. Even the things you say and think seem so real. How far can this relationship go? I mean, how real are you? Captain. No, it's all right. Come on in. Captain Picard, this is Minuet. Minuet, Captain Jean-Luc Picard. Oh, yes, but not until later when he came back into the room with his little sister. Yes, but by that time both of them had been found out. It's as though she's been plugged into my subconscious. She already knows what I want her to say before I'm aware of it myself. It's uncanny. I could develop feelings for Minuet, exactly as I would for any woman. Yes, Captain, stay. Why? What's the matter? Why can't he leave? Riker to Bridge. Are we still docked at the starbase? The Bynars. They made you the lure to keep me here. They programmed you while I was relaxing. Why do they want with me? That's toward Engineering. Initiate auto-destruct? It's the time allotted that concerns me. I know. It's a five minute countdown. Then let's set it and get going. (They place their hands on computer screens) Yes. Set auto-destruct sequence. Now. What do you make of this, sir? Just stored. Why? One of us could beam into the Bridge. I could beam into the turbolift, force the doors, take them by surprise. There must be only four minutes left. [Starbase Command Centre] You're on pad two. I've set a ten second delay. Over here, Captain. Affirmative. We're in orbit around Bynaus. How are they? Their main computer is off. All sensors reveal that all of the equipment on the planet is inert. They can neither receive nor send any messages. They're probably like these Bynars here. Dying. What is this all about? Why did they steal the ship and bring it here? What is their purpose? Captain, it's enormous. Every byte of free space in the computer has been filled. They must have made a core-dump from their world to our computer. I can't get in. I wish they'd left a note. Minuet. Tell me what this is all about. The Enterprise has the only mobile computer large enough to handle all that information. How can we do that? Yes. If we had the file name. But we don't. Do you? We should call Starbase 74, and see if anyone can decipher this. That's the file. It'll work now. So much for that idea. But there was a very good chance we would have said yes. Their reason is part of their binary thinking. For them there are only two choices. One or zero. Yes or no. Why did you lure me to the holodeck and hold me there. While these things are being checked, permission to leave the Bridge, sir. What is a knockout like you doing in a computer generated gin joint like this? (But it is a different woman who turns and smiles at him) You're not Minuet. [Bridge] She's gone. I tried variations of the programme, others appeared, but not Minuet. Yes, probably true. She'll be difficult to forget. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I've always wanted to see terraforming in operation. We have some holodecks which you might enjoy. Commander William Riker, USS Enterprise. This is Counsellor Troi, Lieutenant Yar, Lieutenant La Forge, Lieutenant Commander Data. We weren't sure how we would be received. Director Mandl was less than enthusiastic about our interest. We'll try to stay out of the way. We've never seen a terraforming station, and we appreciate the opportunity. You make it sound poetic. Incredible. It's planned month by month, decade by decade? What is it, Deanna? Can you open it? For safety reasons, we're shutting off all power to the Hydraulics room before entering to recover the body. Then we'll beam him up to Sickbay, but from the look of his wounds, it's probably hopeless. Transporter Room, this is Commander Riker. Beam up four at my co-ordinates. (Riker, Troi, Luisa and Mandl are beamed away) [Control room] The entire Velara Three facility has been powered down, Captain. You hit him pretty hard, Captain. How do you read the designer? Mind a visitor? The debate is still going on in some quarters, but I think so, yes. We have nothing we can compare it with. It's microscopic. It seems colonial, simple. But it's inorganic. Which is why the recon scouts missed it. It was not your mistake. Luisa, it's very beautiful. I could arrange for you to see it if you like. Do it, Mister Worf. What's the nature of the problem, Captain? We've lost visual. [Corridor] How do you know, sir? [Corridor] This is Commander Riker, go ahead. [Engineering] On my way. Data, you've got the Bridge. Inform the Captain. [Engineering] Status, Ensign? If that reading is right, there is no seal. Give me lab interior image. Magnify. (The bell jar flares again, and the light gets brighter and pulses more quickly) Picard, this is Riker. [Observation lounge] Hold off. Impossible, Captain. [Observation lounge] It killed Malencon. Their range of influence appears to be concentrated in the Medical Lab, Captain. Aye, sir. As soon as Data determined the microbrain's method of operation. The calm before the storm? If this keeps up, it will tear up the Enterprise. Killing lab lights now. [Bridge] Riker to Transporter Chief. Pick up the coordinates of the bell jar in the Medical Lab for return to Velara Three. Riker to Bridge. Captain, we're ready to beam it back to the planet. [Bridge]
On the way. What's your hurry, Harry? No bother, Doctor Bernard. Had a small run-in with an aspiring sprinter. Problem, Captain? What's our position, Geordi? Thank you, Captain, you're right. I wouldn't miss this for anything. Aldea. Tasha, I'm surprised you haven't heard the stories about Aldea, the wondrous mythical world. Like Atlantis of ancient Earth or Neinman of Xerxes Seven. Advanced culture, centuries old. Self-contained, peaceful. Incredible technical sophistication providing the daily needs for all the citizens, so that they could turn themselves over to art and culture. That's the myth. Somehow, as the legend goes, the Aldeans were able to cloak their planet in darkness and go unseen by marauders, and other hostile passers-by who might rob and plunder. It's Aldea, Captain. It has to be. Captain's log, stardate 41509.1. Either by chance or intent, we've been led to the planet Aldea, which appeared out of nowhere, hidden behind a sophisticated shielding device. [Bridge] How do you know Now we know who placed the bread crumbs. We're not here by accident. It seems an equitable code. I don't understand. How can the Federation help influence your children in your traditions? Radue, exactly why were we invited here? And the nature of this trade? We sympathise with your situation, but what you ask is not possible. That's my only answer. Now if there's some other way we can help you. It's the children. That's why we've been brought here. That's what they wanted. Captain, Data has found something interesting. The Aldean shield gives evidence of random fluctuations, weakening its structure in isolated sections. In essence, yes. I find it surprising after all these eons that the Aldeans' have not perfected their technology. One would assume they would be aware of the weakness and repair it. It's a possibility. It would have to be perfectly timed, and there's no guarantee. You're certain they'll negotiate? And when we don't accept their offer? Not much on pleasantries, is he? And they call that a small demonstration? There is the option. If the timing is precise, it's possible to beam through and onto the planet. The timing would be more difficult, and the risk greater. We're ready, Lieutenant Worf. [Bridge] There's no way we can override. We found the power source to the shield and we've neutralised it. [First Unit] Or be cloaked again. (Crusher enters)
Something I can help you with, Mister Remmick? I don't know, Geordi, but I'm going to find out. Right now. [Ready room] Captain, may I speak frankly? As First Officer, I should be informed. I should know everything that you know. Then what's this about? Remmick is going to turn this ship upside down. And my job is to see that this ship runs smoothly. Sir, am I under investigation? And if you did? I don't understand, sir. This is extremely frustrating. Sir. [Bridge] Later. Not now. (enters turbolift) When it doesn't interfere with my duties, Remmick. [Classroom] I think I should apologise, Captain. I'm available, Mister Remmick. The Captain's log? Have you discussed this with him? If you want to discuss anything about Captain Picard, you bring him in here and ask him face to face. Proceed. [Engineering] With this new extricator, sir, we can eliminate three more bulky machines from cargo space. Not now, Remmick. He's going to take this out, Captain. All he's got left are his manoeuvring jets, Captain. Not possible. He's too far away for a positive lock. He needs another fifty seconds for the core to cool down before it can restart. He'll need another thirty seconds before he can restart. Incredible, Captain! Kurland is a highly qualified Enterprise Academy candidate, fully trained in many areas including shuttles. Sir? Mister Remmick has left the ship. Thank you. They'll be pleased that. Can you explain now what he was after? Congratulations! What a wonderful choice, sir. You'll be able to shape the minds of the future leaders of Starfleet. You haven't decided what you're going to do.
Ferengi? Shall we separate the saucer? I could go a lot longer without hearing it. If it is a Romulan vessel, it could be cloaked. It's Talarian. A long way from home. I'll prepare an away team. Data, Geordi, let's go. Agreed. It smells like a trap. Let's go. Captain's log, stardate 41503.7. We have entered the Neutral Zone, where a Talarian freighter has been severely damaged in a battle. I have sent an away team to investigate. [Transporter room] (Geordi has attached a block to the side of his visor) What exactly does this device do? That means it doesn't have much range. Set phasers on stun. Let's be ready for anything. Energise. [Batris Corridor] (Fallen girders, hanging wires, steam, and creaking sounds) Sir, I hate to break this up, but [Bridge] Let's go. (As they move on, a conduit falls. This ship is ready to fall apart) Toxic? What's the safest way around? Steady on. Yes, Geordi. Where is it? I can't see it. How long before this hull ruptures? Let's go. [Bridge] We've reached the core, Captain. Is there any other way around? Agreed. Captain, Data's gone ahead. [Bridge] This is Commander Riker of the USS Enterprise. Do you hear me? We're about to force the door. (Data makes the gap big enough for Riker to step through into the compartment) Klingons. [Bridge] We'll handle the formalities later. Right now we have to get off this ship. Are there any others survivors? Check him out. (There is a body on a table) Then pick the body and let's get out of here. Transporter room, have you got a lock on us? [Transporter room] Bridge, this is Commander Riker. [Bridge] What do you think, Captain? Why would three Klingon officers hitch a ride on a broken down freighter? It'll take forty eight hours for a message to get to Starfleet on subspace frequency. Do you think I should have assigned a security team to keep an eye on our guests? Klingons. You don't think Worf would allow them access to the battle bridge? He seems to be handling this quite well, sir.
No help from their communications log. The Drake reported arriving at Minos and then wasn't heard from again. Whatever happened to the Drake, happened quickly, otherwise a man like Rice would have reported again. We were at the Academy together. Able. A good officer. Paul Rice is confident to the point of arrogance, he but carries it well because he's usually right. He's a risk taker. I'll give you an example. One of the final tests in advance navigation at the Academy provides the student with three options. Rice was given this test, rejected their options and offered one of his own. And it paid off. He received the top grade and now that same test has four options. Agreed. Yes. At the time I thought it would be more advantageous for me to do a tour on the Enterprise. How can that be from a planet with no people? We're going to have to go down there to find it. Lieutenant Yar. Data. Oh? I would have thought otherwise. Okay. [Planet Surface] (There's a mist on the ground and lush foliage standing over a flat horizon) Spooky. Riker. [Bridge] Aye, sir. By whom? What could do that? We've never even seen anything like this. Maybe a demonstration model for some potential buyer. Give me a direction. [Bridge] I can't see anything through here. The underbrush is too thick. Rice! Where did you come from? We were worried about you. I should have known you'd pop up. Me? Forget about me. How are you? No word, no message, nothing. There are two others. Where's the Drake? Where's your crew? Understood. You look strange, Paul. Do you need medical help? Commander Data, Lieutenant Yar. I know. Your mother. She's worried about you. No. The name of my ship is the Lollipop. It's just been commissioned. It's a good ship. Who is here with you? Paul, I will only answer your questions if you answer mine. Why do you want to know so much about my ship? Old friends. Is? Then the Drake has not been destroyed. Yes, your ship. Where is it? Classified? Ten. Six. You haven't used my first name once, Paul. You remember it, don't you? You don't, do you? Because you don't exist. You're a fake. You're an image of the original, aren't you? Answer me! (Paul Rice disappears and a flying machine appears) The image of Rice has been replaced by something which is hovering several metres away. [Bridge] Prepare to beam up. (The device envelopes Riker with a green field) Data. No, I'm a little groggy, but I'll be all right. We're not going to wait around. Let's find the rest of our team. [Cavern] Let's clear some of that away. Captain! [Cavern] Are you all right? (The away team are looking down through the hole at Crusher) Yes, our communicators are out too. It's too far down there. There's nothing to hold on to. No way to climb down. [Planet surface] How? Data, it's over ten metres. Captain, Data's going down to join you down there. Be my guest. [Cavern] (Data lands easily next to Beverly) He usually is. What good would that do? It would still get us. It would just take a little longer. Out of range? Then what does that leave us? Right. That's what I thought. (a blast behind them) You got any ideas? Right here. That was close. [Cavern] Absolutely, sir.
It certainly will. Position report. Atmosphere? How many? Right away. Data, Yar. What is this? Enterprise, this is Riker. We've got a problem. [Bridge] Aye, sir. [Planet surface] Analysis, Mister Data. Explain. How is it moving, Data? Then what's causing it to move? No sign of intelligence, no brain as we know it, yet evidence of thought, Mister Data? Trouble. Captain's log, supplemental. While on a mission to rescue survivors from an unexplained shuttle crash, the away team has encountered a strange creature which seems able to assume different forms, including one which resembles humanoid. [Bridge] I am Commander William Riker of the USS Enterprise. We mean you no harm. We have injured crewmen in the shuttlecraft. We need to get to them. May we pass? Preserving life, all life, is very important to us. We believe everything in the universe has a right to exist. The creature attacked us. Lieutenant Yar is down. We had no effect on it. (Armus sinks back into the slick) You did it. There was nothing provocative about what she did. It's down on that planet waiting for us to come back. It killed Tasha and it could have killed us, but it didn't. Deanna and Ben are alive for a reason, and it knows we're not going anywhere as long as they're still alive. The only way to find out is to go back down. Lieutenant Worf? Enterprise. We're approaching the shuttlecraft. The creature is covering it. [Shuttlecraft] Then she is alive. We have no choice. We're here to negotiate for our team. What do you want? Then you would have killed all of us. What do you want? Tell me. Maybe we can reach an accommodation. I might. It depends. She needs our help. Data. Help! Data, something's got me! No! No, don't! (Riker disappears into the slick) So much frustration. It had to get rid of me.
I've never seen anything like this before. The violence of these eruptions is awesome. At least we can pull them out of orbit before they enter the atmosphere. Can we beam one over? Can anyone else over there do it? I'd better get over with a team. We're running out of options. Freighter Sanction, this is the Enterprise. We're having difficulty getting a fix. It's worth a try. Captain T'Jon go to your transporter room. Contact me from there. Captain T'Jon doesn't sound like he cares one way or the other. We're establishing the link right now. No, sir. They stayed in the freighter [Bridge] But they beamed over their cargo. Unbelievable. Clear the cargo. Beam it to a hold. Freighter Sanction, this is the Enterprise, Get to your transporter pad and. No, forget about that. Lock on to any life form you can find and get them over now. We have no choice. Energise. I thought you said there were six. Where are the other two? Re-establish. Two are lost, sir. But we saved four. I'm Commander William Riker of the USS Enterprise. I'm sorry we were unable to rescue the other two. We did everything we could. If you had come instead of sending your cargo, you all would have made it. Yes, we did. It's in one of our cargo holds. You act like it's more important than your comrades. Follow me. [Cargo bay] Security to cargo bay eleven. (Tasha's phaser separates Sobi and T'Jon) Formidable. I have never seen humanoids with that power. I wonder if the strong magnetic field of their sun might have something to do with it. Or if they need to recharge? You think our visitors pose a threat? Precisely, Lieutenant. [Observation Lounge] Captain, may I present Sobi and Langor from the planet Brekka, and T'Jon and Romas from Ornara. Unverified. The solar flares could have caused a malfunction in the biofilter. I think you'll find it's a fascinating tale that we've come across here, Captain. Data, what have we got? Their advanced technology could provide no solution. In any case, a trading situation developed which still exists. And for the Ornarans. Without the medicine, they would all die. Then why are they so desperate for the felicium? My insides are still shaking, but I'm all right. (The door opens) I'll stay here. Where will that take us, Mister La Forge? An interesting choice. Why?
Captain, you act as if there's a connection between the time distortion and the distress signal. I've never heard of Paul Manheim. Did you know him, Captain? Yes, sir. Captain, we've received communication from the freighter Lalo, as well as from a farming colony on Coltar Four. Both described the same time distortion. The Captain of the Lalo described it a hiccup. Why is he making it this difficult to find him? A pleasure, Mrs. Manheim. Which begins to explain what happened. Why this place? Why Vandor? How long does he have? Yes, but without his help, I'm not sure we'll be able to pose any intelligent questions, let alone come up with any solutions. (The turbolift door opens, and Picard, Data and Riker are about to enter) What was that? This is where we started, if we are us. We've discovered the second lab is on the far side of the planet, completely destroyed. Unable to determine what caused it. Otherwise, very little to clarify the situation. No idea. It comes down to this, Captain. We've learned everything we can from here, and we are no closer to understanding it than we were twelve hours ago. Manheim is unable to help us, but hopefully, having been a good scientist, he kept notes. And in order to do that we're going to have to go down there. It may have been connected to the main system, and when she lowered the shield she may have turned that off as well. If not, we'll deal with it as best we can. Aye, sir. [Transporter room] Coordinates set? Energise. What are we doing back here? Can we predict the timing? Did Manheim give you enough information to decipher the security code? [Laboratory] No, sir. I've only been there once, but they've got this great club. I don't remember the name of it. They serve these blue concoctions
An incoming message. Code Forty Seven, sir.
I think not, Mister Worf. It's just a piece of space debris. If we hadn't sitting here waiting for the Captain, we wouldn't have noticed it. Leave it be. Let nature take its course. How long until Captain Picard returns? Why, Data? It's just a derelict. Very well. Be prepared to beam back before the Captain returns. Lieutenant Worf, go with him. Aye, sir. We'll make all preparations. Commander Data, return to the Enterprise immediately. Frozen. How many? [Cryo chamber] Are you suggesting they be transferred to the Enterprise? [Cryo chamber] There's been no direct contact with the Romulans since the Tomed Incident. Everything we know about them is based on rumour or conjecture. The Enterprise. This first encounter, coming so suddenly after all this time. We have to assume it's a setup. Aye, sir. I know this is all very confusing to you so I'll attempt to explain. You are on the starship USS Enterprise. No, it's a vessel of the United Federation of Planets, and Earth is a member. An android. He's a Klingon. That takes a little more explanation. Oh, yes. Absolutely. Now, if you didn't contract for this, who did? A phone call? Ah, that's going to be a little difficult right at the moment. I think we should take the Doctor's advice. Take this very slowly until we've all adjusted, and then we'll talk to the Captain. [Bridge] TV? Riker here. At once, sir. The Captain. That will all be up to the Captain. I'll pass along your request. If you'll excuse us. I don't know. This time you've got me. I haven't a clue. Well, from what I've seen of our guests, there's not much to redeem them. It makes one wonder how our species survived the twenty-first century. [Ready room] I think we work on the assumption they've all been destroyed. It fits their historical pattern. The positive side of that is the information they have about us is also out of date. Captain, I think it's that lack of information that this is all about. In my opinion, the Romulans want a confrontation specifically with us. Well, not by name, but the Federation. They know the Federation will send their best. That'll give them a perfect chance to see firsthand how far we've advanced both in technology and technique. I'm not sure I have a specific recommendation. Perhaps we should assume the initiative. Of course not. He must have seen me use the comm. panel. Captain, I strongly recommend that we go to Red Alert. If the Romulans have improved their cloaking device, and we'd be fools to believe they haven't, we should assume a more defensive posture. If not battle stations, may we at least take the ship to Yellow Alert? Shields up. Captain, I recommend we transfer all power to phasers, and arm the photon torpedoes. Captain, this is sufficient evidence. Outposts have been destroyed. Countless lives have been lost. They'll only be vulnerable for an instant as they become visible. Where are they? Get that man off the Bridge, now. Amazing. I never thought I would ever see a Romulan ship. Not this close. You're out of line, Mister. It's a pity we can't take them ourselves. Having them on board is like a visit from the past.
(sporting a very Naval beard) Open hailing frequencies. Repulse, this is the Enterprise. We are getting underway. And to you. Thank you, Mister Crusher. Make all preparations to get underway. [Ready room] (Picard is looking at a transparent hexagonal container) The transfer's been complete. Doctor Pulaski is being shown to her quarters. We're ready to get underway. Chief Engineer. It still has a nice ring to it. And these get put into the large containment unit. When we leave 'audet Nine, I'm going to need all the power you can slam into those warp engines. Take us out of orbit, Mister Crusher. Set course for 'audet Nine. Maximum impulse velocity. Engage. (as they head off, a light follows them and enters the hull) Problem, Commander? Let me know if it reoccurs. Lieutenant La Forge says we will be able to engage the warp drive within the hour. Not yet. I'll go get her. Baby? This is a surprise. (Deanna is sitting alone at the end, somewhat embarrassed) What? I don't mean to be indelicate, but who's the father? No, wait. Let me get this straight. Deanna was impregnated by by what? Doctor, what do the tests show? Is it a humanoid? An alien? Exactly the same as Deanna. I don't think this is a random occurrence. I think there's a purpose here. A reason. What, I don't know. Worf, you can't assume the intent was belligerent. Doctor, is there any health risk to Counsellor Troi if the foetus is aborted? Standard orbit. Yes. He's beautiful, Deanna. Just like his mother. It's true. Aye, sir. Sickbay, this is the Bridge. We are ready to begin loading. You'll inform me when loading is complete and the cargo secure. Cargo has been loaded and is secure. Come on Data, we'd better get down there. Why this module and not the others? Doctor, one of the specimens is growing. Data, prepare to jettison the module. Commander, your attitude tells me that however bad I think it is, it's actually worse. Go on. Captain, we may not be able to get control of this situation. I recommend we arrange transfer of all non-essential personnel to the saucer section. [Bridge] Why didn't you detect this before? Thank you, Lieutenant. Apparently so. There was a moment when you smiled. I'll be glad to be relieved of this cargo. All stations secure. I'm not surprised. How did you respond? Yes, indeed. With his mother gone, who will see to his studies? And who will tuck him in at night? Difficult decision. Yes, I can do that.
Above, look out! (An alien with a metal mace attacks. Riker goes to help and knocks it out with a metal tube. Meanwhile a second 'monster' with an axe is giving Worf a run for his money. When it is finally defeated, Worf is so fired up he comes after Riker too) The exercise is over! (Work raises the axe to strike Riker) At ease, Lieutenant! (That stops him) Exit Holodeck. You do this every day? I'll bet they are. Right behind you. Captain's log, Stardate 42193.6. We are on a long reach toward the Morgana Quadrant, a section of the galaxy which has yet to be visited by a manned Federation vessel. We are using the time to further detail the charts of this region. [Bridge] It appears, then disappears, then reappears. No predictable pattern, no sequence. There it is. Nothing? Yet this hole has a form, Data. It has height, width. Data, is there any record anywhere of any occurrence even vaguely similar to this? Concur. Ensign, slow down to half impulse power. Adjust coordinates to intercept this, this whatever it is. Worf, prepare a scanner probe. Let's see what's in there. You may fire the probe when ready, Mister Worf. (The probe is launched) Devour vessels? Happened even more quickly. I'm going with Worf on this one. Let's be careful. What's happened? All stations have reported, Captain. There appears to be no immediate threat to our ship or the crew. Incredible. It's like looking into infinity, sir. Remember the course in ancient history at Starfleet Academy? About the time men still believed the Earth was flat? And that if a ship sailed too far out into the ocean, it would fall off the edge of the world? I'm sure no one here has that in mind, sir. Complete your scans, Data. Let's not stay any longer than we have to. (Pulaski enters) Might we have moved into another dimension? Aye, sir. Wesley, reverse our direction, set a course for the Cornelian star system. Impulse power. Engage. (We see the Enterprise whizz off, but nothing changes on the viewscreen) Your engines have engaged, haven't they, Ensign? We should be. We're on a reverse course. We must have come full circle, sir. Romulan! Shields up. Go to Red Alert! Arm the photon torpedoes, Mister Worf. Impossible. It's a Federation ship. NCC one three zero five dash E. It's the Yamato, our sister ship. You look doubtful, sir. Captain, request permission to board on the Yamato with an away team. Perhaps something we can find on board in the logs will help us figure out what happened. Worf, you're with me. Captain's log, supplemental. We remain like a fly in amber, trapped in the void. We have encountered a vessel which appears to be the USS Yamato. All its systems are shown as functioning, yet it seems devoid of life. Commander Riker is leading an away team. Hopefully, the answer lies over there. [Transporter room] Have you got a lock on that other ship? Can you put us on the bridge? Them? Who's them? Our sensors indicate no life forms. Agreed. Aft station, Lieutenant. Phasers on stun. Energise. [USS Yamato corridor] (Riker materialises alone) This isn't the Bridge. Worf? (There's a peculiar noise, almost a scream, as Riker walks along. Then the sound of Worf, and he runs) Halt! Don't fire. You heard me? I heard you. Transporter Chief, where do you show us over here? Captain, do you read me? [Bridge] Let's find a turbolift to the Bridge. [Bridge] This isn't a Federation ship. These walls aren't tritanium. It's close, but it's material beyond our technology. Let's get to the Bridge. There's got to be an answer to all of this somewhere. [USS Yamoto Bridge] (They walk through a door labelled Turbolift and straight onto the Bridge) This Bridge should be four decks above us. What's going on here? (They return to the turbolift, and the door opens to reveal - the Bridge) Wait a minute. If we go through there, where will we be? But we are on the Bridge. Let's see what happens. [USS Yamato Bridge Two] Or did we step from one Bridge onto another Bridge? [Bridge] (Everything suddenly comes back on) How did you? Where did you come from? Lieutenant! Pull yourself together. Worf! (pulls him back onto their Bridge) Come in. Come in, Enterprise. What the hell is going on? I've had it. Let's put all this technology to work, figure out what's going on, and get the hell out of here. (After he's calmed down a little) A ship that was almost the Yamato, existing in a hole in space, with no crew aboard. Now what is the purpose? If we weren't over there, where the hell were we? Great. Set course. Velocity warp two. What's going on? This game is now wearing very thin. Agreed, Captain. Hold present position. This is not a battle, Worf. It's better than standing around helplessly. I do. Initiate auto-destruct sequence. What would be the least painful to our crew? Move to it quickly, or allow them time to prepare for it thoroughly? Well, twenty minutes? Nice round figure. Captain? Captain. Yes! Absolutely! I do indeed concur wholeheartedly! I didn't want there to be any chance of a misunderstanding. Was he bluffing? [Ready room] And Ensign, if you encounter any holes, steer clear. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Lieutenant? Which now has access to twenty fourth century knowledge. Captain, recommend we try to destroy the hologram generations themselves. Is that possible, Geordi? The particle beam will tear apart human flesh as well. Nice suit. You'll be a big hit in London. Bridge to holodeck control. Worf. [Corridor outside holodeck]
I recommend we set the Enterprise on an intercept course in case he needs emergency assistance. We're in position now, Captain. This is the First Officer, sir. If you prepare to shut down your engines, we can lock on the tractor and beam you over here. Data, lock on the tractor beam. Transporter Chief, prepare to him beam aboard. Well, the unexpected is our normal routine. Hold it steady, Wesley. Ready to link up on my command Easy. Easy. Engage. Captain Okona, shut down your engines. Transporter room, prepare for the beaming operation. We're on our way. Wesley, Data, let's go. [Transporter room] (The lady transporter chief has very long hair, and will eventually achieve fame as Lois Lane in the TV show. She beams Okona aboard with his broken guidance module) Welcome aboard, Captain Okona. I'm Commander Riker. If you'll turn over the inoperative part to Commander Data, we can begin repairs. I think you'd find the tools we use rather unusual, sir. That can be arranged. Mister Okona seems to have excellent vision as well as a healthy libido. Captain Okona, if you follow Commander Data, you can get started right away. [Corridor] Status on the repair? Well, Okona is an interesting man, certainly. We've seen how he handles his ship. Apparently he knows how to handle people as well. He's a man who lives his life by his own rules. He does what he does by choice. By his choice. Someday you'll make yours. Lasers? Regulations so call for a Yellow Alert. May I ask why, sir? Shades of Gulliver's Travels. He actually meant it. Another ship from Atlec? Glob fly? To which one? Leave your weapons behind. Let's keep this civilised. Hold your speed, Captain Okona. Disengage. Warp speed, sir?
They send out a plea for help, then they cut off transmission so they can't tell if there's any help on the way. Doesn't make much sense, does it? Then what scared her? Outer hull breach. She must have had an internal explosion. Suggestion, Captain. Why don't we execute a long range transport of an away team to assist Doctor Graves at earliest possible moment. We'd come out of warp just long enough to energise the beam. Worf, let's go. [Transporter room] (Selar, Troi, a clean-shaven Data and Worf are the away team) Phaser on stun, Mister Worf. We don't know what's going on down there. There's no need to take any chances. You'll see, Counsellor. Energise. You do now. Why didn't you contact Doctor Selar when you saw that he was beginning to go? You're not turning into a philosopher, are you, Mister Data? Do you know what that was all about? Does wrestling with a Klingon targ ring a bell?
Reduce to half impulse. There's no degeneration. Why? Perhaps this facsimile lacks the proper mass. Perhaps. We've arrived at Ramatis Three. Standard orbit, Mister Crusher. Transporter room five. I'm still a little uncomfortable with your leading this away team. You will be careful, sir Sir? We came a long way to get him. Our job is not to police the galaxy. Then what is bothering you? Then I can understand why you're feeling uneasy. Captain, this is the Enterprise. [Room] I would appreciate it. [Room] Acknowledged. Ensign, set your course for Solais Five. Velocity, warp eight. Engage, Ensign. What is this? What about you? Riva's not what I expected. [Guest quarters] So none of the background which we have provided would be helpful in understanding why they continue to fight? They've been at war for so long, it has become personal. Perhaps they have run out of people to kill. In any case, whatever the reason, peace is now preferred, which should make your job easier. Our mediator is very self assured. We'll know soon enough if he can deliver. [Bridge] Half impulse. Standard orbit. How concentrated is the activity? So much for the cease fire. For how long? These Solari don't seem likely candidates for peace. Worf, prepare your security team. But it is prudent. Phasers on stun, Mister Worf. I'm sure we won't. Energise. (O'Brien beams the six away) [Hilltop] (A flat area with the top of the mountain forming a back wall. It's windy and desolate.) Engineering. [Engineering] We would like two torches. Head high? (Riva nods) And what else? Describe it. When will the emissaries arrive? And how long do you think the negotiations will take? We'll do our best. (The first pair enter) Riva! (Riker gets Riva out of the line of fire, but the Chorus are vapourised) Away team to Enterprise. Beam us up. Now! A total surprise. Apparently a member of one of the factions didn't like the idea of peace. How's it going? All right, stay sharp. We may have to get out of there in a hurry. Set phasers on stun. Energise. [Hilltop] Engineering, this is Commander Riker. You can beam the table and torches down now. It may be quite a while before the emissaries arrive. They'll be more cautious after the last incident. Deanna, I don't understand what he's going to do. How can he mediate without his interpreters? He won't even be able to talk to them. I'm still not comfortable leaving you here alone. Enterprise, four to beam up. Good luck. (They beam up, and Riva stands in front of the triangular table, to wait.) First Officer's log, Stardate 42479.3. We leave the Solais system confident that Riva will help the Solari achieve a lasting peace. [Bridge] Take us out of orbit. [Ready room] (Picard is back to that strange planetary orbit problem)
Have we got a fix on her? We'd better take a look. What kind of vessel is she? Armed? Is she still underway? What else have we got in the neighbourhood? If we gain control of her systems remotely, we could activate the viewscreen. That way we could at least look at the Bridge. Our first move will be shut down the engines. Looks like they had a battle with time. We've downloaded the Lantree's log, sir. Captain Telaka was my age, sir. The last port of call of the Lantree was the Darwin Genetic Research Station on Gagarin Four three days ago. Lieutenant, initiate the quarantine transmitters on the Lantree and activate her marker beacons. We'll need to find her again. I have to agree, sir. I wish there was something we could do, but the risk is too great. But we don't know what we're looking for. From what we've seen on the Lantree, Doctor Pulaski may not have time to help herself. The transporter trace? Where will we get the trace pattern? The Doctor's never used our transporter. No. She's a woman of very strongly held opinions, sir. What was her previous assignment? A blood test, a tissue sample, anything that would have a sample of Doctor Pulaski's original DNA. This is ridiculous. A cell, a single cell. Let's check her quarters. [Pulaski's quarters] Anything. A fingernail, a hair. Close to forty kilometres. Lieutenant Worf, arm the photon torpedoes. Set course and speed for Star Station India.
Half impulse, Mister Crusher. Captain, this is the Bridge. We have arrived at Starbase one seven nine. Establish position zero nine zero mark three four five at twenty seven thousand kilometres. Hailing frequencies. Starbase one seven nine, this is the Enterprise. Thank you. Commander Data, you have the bridge. Ensign Crusher, you're with me. Welcome aboard the Enterprise. I'm Commander William Riker, your First Officer. Those of you who are here as replacements will step outside follow Lieutenant Lewis. He will assign you to your crew quarters. (to the Benzite) Ensign, you're here on the exchange programme. If you'll just follow Mister Crusher. It's nice to have you here, Ensign. There will be a briefing and indoctrination session in fifteen minutes. Yes, of course. If you'll just follow Mister Crusher. On the way. [Phaser range] (Target practice involves shooting at moving coloured lights) Just positive ones, sir. Actually, I just welcomed Ensign Mendon on board. He certainly seems eager to please. That's probably a good idea. I don't recall hearing of a Federation officer serving ever on a Klingon vessel. It might prove to be beneficial. Yes, sir. Who did you intend to send, sir? I might be interested, sir. I said I wouldn't mind the assignment, sir. Because nobody's ever done it before. Then you're just the person I need to talk to, clear something up. It's my understanding that one of the duties of the First Officer of a Klingon ship is to assassinate his Captain? Wouldn't that bring about chaos? The method of attrition must take a little getting used to. It is different. It's a Klingon delicacy. Pipius claw. This is heart of targ. This, of course, is gagh. Yes, serpent worms. Would you like some? Not if I weaken first. That's certainly good to know. Would you like something to drink? Your sacrifice will not go unnoticed. These are the more palatable choices. (Riker offers Picard a jug of something rather solid-looking with tentacles) An emergency transponder? You suspect trouble? Sentiment, Lieutenant Worf? I understand. Thank you. [Bridge] Thanks, O'Brien. Why? No, I'm not. Thanks. Energise. [Bridge] (The much smaller Pagh turns and moves off) Is something wrong? I'm just an average, everyday human who happens to be a Commander. Now, what were your orders? Proceed. Commander William Riker of the Starship Enterprise. I don't understand. I have no such intention, sir. I'm afraid I still don't understand, sir. I have been assigned to serve this ship and to obey your orders. And I will do exactly that. I just did. Is there something you wanted to say to me, Lieutenant? Then I take it you challenge my authority over you. And your position on this, Captain? My oath is between Captain Kargan and myself. Your only concern is with how you obey my orders. Or do you prefer the rank of prisoner to that of Lieutenant? Of course, Captain Kargan. [Bridge] I'm not that hungry. It's delicious. The pipius claw was excellent. I also enjoyed this Bregit lungs. Delicious. Isn't that gagh? Yes, but, it's still moving. Easier? You're not worried about my weakening, are you? No, sir, I'm sure they all died with honour. Endure what? One or both? (he grins, they all laugh, and the bonding has started) Is she serious? I suppose so. Why? In what way? I was thinking the same thing about you. In all my dealings with Klingons, including our Lieutenant Worf, the thought never occurred to me of Klingons laughing. That's why I'm here. I may. After this tour, I may have some worthy questions. Are they still alive? And your father? Where is he now? He's your father. He's your father. Perhaps you should. Yesterday, I did not know how to eat gagh. [Bridge] I felt no collision. Were we hit by a small meteor? Corrosion, then? Science Station, analyse. Then what is it? What are you talking about? What is it? I mean, you must have some way to repair it. There was no direct contact with the Enterprise. That's normal procedure. None. Why would they do that? We're allies. I can't. It's no weapon. The Enterprise has no reason to do that, especially with me on board. It makes no sense. Why? What do you intend to do, Captain? But? Ask them. They may be here to help you. Don't be a fool! I haven't. I am simply trying to help you understand. Yes, sir, I did. I won't. I will not surrender the secrets of the Enterprise to you. I will not break any vow I have taken in the past. I have also taken an oath a loyalty to your ship. I will not break that. No, sir, they are not! I will obey your orders. I will serve this ship as First Officer, and in an attack against the Enterprise I will die along with this crew. But I will not break my oath of loyalty to Starfleet. I told you, they're here to help. That's normal procedure when entering into a suspicious situation. It's not an act of aggression. The Enterprise will not fire first. You'll get only one shot. I recommend you don't fire until you're within forty thousand kilometres. It will cut down their response time. Would you do less? There's one thing I'd like to say. I question your judgment. In my opinion, your reason for forcing this confrontation is not valid. Yes, sir. No, sir. (Riker switches it on) Hold where you are, Klag. I've relieved Captain Kargan. He was acting in an irrational manner. I'm your Captain now. Serve this ship as I have! [Bridge] Cloaking shields off. Obey my orders. If we are, it will be in battle, and I will die with you. So I repeat, cloaking shields off! [Bridge] Thank you, Captain Picard. [Pagh Bridge] I don't want your command. Either way, you can have it back. Thank you, my friend. [Transporter room] That might have been one of the shortest assignments in the history of Starfleet. Thank you. Actually, I learned quite a bit. When not to duck would be more accurate. Your little toy worked. Thanks. You come from a very brave and unique people. I'm glad you're with us on the Enterprise.
Okay, the game is five card stud, nothing wild. Ante up. Call. (The first lot of face up cards are dealt) A seven, and a six, and the ace. Call. Your five. And five. (Data sees the bet) No help. (He gives himself the four of hearts. Ooo's all round) Your ten and ten. (We discover that Data has a third Queen. He looks at Riker) Are you playing or not? But I did win. I was betting that you wouldn't call. Admiral on the Bridge. How will you proceed? You seem a little vague on the specifics. I can't. I won't. Data's my comrade. We have served together. I not only respect him, I consider him my friend. You just want me to prove that Data is a mere machine. I can't do that because I don't believe it. I happen to know better. So I'm neither qualified nor willing. You're going to have to find someone else. I see. I have no choice but to agree. Computer, identify Riker, William T. Access code theta alpha two seven three seven, blue, enable. Access all available technical schematics on Lieutenant Commander Data. Your honour, there is only one issue, and one relevant piece of evidence. I call Lieutenant Commander Data. (Data goes to the witness chair and puts his hand on a scanner on the table) Your honour, we'll stipulate to all of this. Commander, what are you? Which is? Automaton. Made. By whom? Who built you, Commander? And he was? More basic than that. What was he? Thank you. Commander, what is the capacity of your memory, and how fast can you access information? Your Honour, I offer in evidence prosecution's exhibit A, a rod of par-steel. Tensile strength, forty kilobars. Commander, would you bend that? Drawing on the log record of the construction of the prototype android Lore, also constructed by Noonien Soong, I request to be allowed to remove the Commander's hand for your inspection. I'm sorry. (Riker twists and pulls off Data's left forearm and hand) The Commander is a physical representation of a dream, an idea conceived of by the mind of a man. It's purpose is to serve human needs and interests. It's a collection of neural nets and heuristic algorithms. Its responses dictated by an elaborate software programme written by a man. Its hardware built by a man. And now. And now a man will shut it off. (A flick of the hidden off switch, and Data slumps across the table) Pinocchio is broken. Its strings have been cut. (A horrified silence descends) I have no questions, Your Honour. I have no right to be there. No, God, no. I came that close to winning, Data. I almost cost you your life! Yes. You're a wise man, my friend.
Proceed, Lieutenant La Forge. Standard orbit, Ensign. [Engineering] Friendly, isn't she? I can arrange for a tour of the ship, if you'd like. I think she's a governess. I don't know if she'll have time for you, Wes. She's destined to rule an entire world. [Wesley's quarters] (Wesley is preening in front of a full length mirror) Captain, we've broken orbit and laid in a course for Daled Four. We will remain on impulse power until Lieutenant La Forge completes his adjustments. Data, you used a colloquialism. She seems too delicate for such a task. Guinan, I need your help. Could you step over here a minute? (to Wesley) Now, the first words out of your mouth are the most important. You may want to start with something like this. (Riker sits opposite Guinan) You are the most beautiful woman in the galaxy. But that might not work. You don't know how long I've longed to tell you that. Yes. Of us. Of what we might become. or that you might think that was a line. Then you think I'm not sincere? Then you're inviting me in? That's more than I expected. To hope is to recognise the possibility. I had only dreams. Not these dreams. I dream of a galaxy where your eyes are stars, and the universe worships the night. Then I'll learn how to fly. You are the heart in my day and the soul in my night. Ensign Gibson, take us to warp eight point eight. Estimated time? Aye, sir. [Ready room] How could anyone exist in an environment so totally hostile toward human life? That's more power than our entire ship can generate. Which means we lack the ability to respond, sir. I'll arrange for our guests to beam down. [Corridor] Prepare to beam Salia to the specified coordinates. I hope some day that the Federation and Daled Four will have formal contact. Proceed. (Wesley enters with a dish of Thalian chocolate mousse)
Have you nailed down our little hiccup yet? The odd reading? I'm not sure, sir. Are we alone out here, Worf? Do you have any idea what caused this, sir? Do you wish to evacuate any non-essential personnel to the Enterprise, sir? Arm phasers and prepare to lock on target. Your scan was inconclusive. We don't know what happened to the Yamato. Good. They can't fire when they're cloaked. Aye, sir. [Observation lounge] (Geordi is doing a presentation at the wall monitor, using a schematic of the Yamato) In a Galaxy Class starship? What the devil is that? (A blue globe sends out energy tendrils to the Yamato) Transmitting what? And risk a war? Is that Iconia? Did you see that? Geordi, are you all right? So that's why the ship's instruments have become so erratic. But we weren't scanned by that probe. How did this thing get aboard the Enterprise? Not much. The injury reports are increasing too, sir. Life support has failed on decks seven and thirteen, sir. Now what if this thing manages to rewrite our entire system? It's so far beyond us that we don't have a hope of understanding it, let alone controlling it. Our own ignorance could kill us. So we just sit here and watch our ship disintegrate around us? I'll arrange an away team. You will lead it? Sir, we've had this conversation a hundred times. For as long as she lasts. [Transporter room] (Guy Vardeman is fiddling with a panel in the background when Picard, Data and Worf enter) Stay sharp, Mister O'Brien, I want to be able to pull them out of there at a moment's notice. Open hailing frequencies. Shields up! Go to Red Alert. Mister Crusher, I need those shields! What happened? Fate protects fools, little children and ships named Enterprise. Lock phasers on the Romulans and hold your fire. Impeccable timing. Status of torpedo banks? In case it should become necessary to fight, could you arrange to find me some rocks to throw at them? Maybe its attempt to fire was unintentional. Open hailing frequencies. Romulan vessel, this is Commander William Riker, First Officer of the USS Enterprise. Why did you attempt to fire on us? Why are you still here? This is the Neutral Zone. Nobody can claim anything. What the hell? Having a little trouble with your systems, Commander? Maybe we could consider postponing the war until we solve our more immediate problem? Have we got our phasers back? Taris, if you've got phaser capability, prepare use them now! Destroy that probe! (Transmission ends, the probe gets blown up) And not even a thank you. They must have tapped into the Yamato log. Taris got a whole lot more than she bargained for. Maintain Red Alert. Try to keep those shields up in case Taris decides to act on her threat. You're jumpy. What's your recommendation? All right. Let's consider evacuation. I know it's probably impossible with Taris sitting out there, but it would give everyone something to do. You go and organise it. I'll manage. Right now, they're more important. [Iconian Control room] Worf! What happened? Where's the Captain? What the hell? He cleared the Iconian programme from his own system. How? Geordi, this is critical. How? Can you do the same thing with the Enterprise? Geordi, if we shut down that means we're going to be bringing down the shields, and we're hanging nose to nose with a Romulan battle cruiser. Make it so. Lock on the Captain, bring him back. Damn it! How the hell? [Romulan Bridge] (Picard has been captured. The computer seems to be counting down or repeating an announcement) Wait, sir. Open hailing frequencies. Commander Taris, prepare to receive a transmission from our Chief Engineer. He'll instruct you how to purge your system. [Bridge] Now, Mister Data, warp speed, please. Just in case Taris's engineer is not as efficient as our Mister La Forge.
Not exactly a vacation planet, eh? Keep me informed. The sooner we find out what the Klingons think they saw, the sooner we can get the hell out of here. Vaguely. I spent too many math classes daydreaming about being on a starship. Yeah, that's starting to come back to me. There was no proof included. Including you. Captain, we've detected some sort of debris in a loose orbit. No, sir. I suggest we beam a section aboard for analysis. We've locked onto something with markings on it. Uncertain. Energise. (O'Brien beams a piece of curved metal construction aboard. He and Riker go to the pad and turn it's outer surface to face us. Lo and behold, a US flag and the letters NASA. The camera drools over it lovingly. Why couldn't it be ESA for once?) Yes sir. I think we have. [Observation lounge] Disintegrated? How? I don't believe this. That structure is surrounded by breathable air. Just one, sir. We could go down there and have a look. Phasers on stun. Ready when you are. Energise. [Planet surface] (Nothing. Absolute void, except for..) It's like the eye of a hurricane. A door. Enterprise, this is Commander Riker. [Bridge] Completely calm, no sound, no movement, yet a few hundred metres away a storm is raging. Yes, sir. There is an antique revolving door. It could be an entrance. [Bridge] Well, this is what we came here for. Captain, we're entering. [Lobby] (Worf leads the way into a very elegant foyer and lobby in a Middle Eastern style. Lots of marble and palm plants, very twenties or thirties. We hear the laughter of people having a good time at blackjack tables) [Bridge] Riker to Enterprise. We've entered the structure. Riker to Enterprise, come in. Come in, Enterprise. [Bridge] We're here, there's no danger. We'll look around then leave. Very good. We'll start with that. Do you know us? Yes. We're from the United Federation of Planets. What he means is, what planet is this? This planet. What do you call it? Yes, Data? Then what are they? Having fun, Data? Save it. We're getting out of here. Our apologies, sir. Let's try that again. (And again they fail to leave) Let's find another way out of here. (Data approaches a woman at a slot machine) Excuse me. Say, I was wondering if you could tell me (But the man ignores him. Worf is pulling a slot machine away from the wall to test the paneling) There's a good deal of structural integrity, Worf. Granted. (The phaser has no effect on the wood) We don't have any. If we're going to get out of here, we're going to have to do it on our own. I'm going to get some answers out of that desk clerk. [Lobby] (The bellboy has taken a gun from a drawer) I want some answers. We would like to get out of here. Now. That's not good enough. Fine. I'd like to see him, immediately. Yes. [Bridge] We tried, sir. It seems like we're trapped here. We're in no immediate danger [Bridge] Where? Are you getting any life signs? Looks like the poor devil died in his sleep. Why would anyone go to all this trouble? It's just window dressing for a dead man. American. Finally. Riker. Go ahead. [Bridge] This structure was apparently made to resemble twentieth century Earth. All efforts to exit have failed. I assumed as much, sir. We've also located the remains of a human. Request identity scan. Colonel Richey. American. First initial S. Roughly the same time period. [Bridge] Books. A novel. Hotel Royale? Summarise, please. [Bridge] We've found something else. A novel by Todd Matthews, entitled Hotel Royale, which is the name of this structure. Data. Captain, this novel and everything Data just described [Bridge] Obviously made by Colonel Richey. Yes. I write this in the hope that it will someday be read by human eyes. I can only surmise at this point, but apparently our exploratory shuttle was contaminated by an alien life form which infected and killed all personnel except myself. [Bridge] And for the last thirty eight years I have survived here. I have come to understand that the alien contaminators created this place for me out of some sense of guilt, presuming that the novel we had on board the shuttle about the Hotel Royale was in fact a guide to our preferred lifestyle and social habits. Obviously, they thought this was the world from which I came. [Bridge] for it was such a badly written book, filled with endless cliché and shallow characters. I shall welcome death when it comes. [Bridge] That means the atmosphere of the planet would instantly rush in. Our own way out of here, you've succeeded, Captain. (The telephone rings, and Worf answers it) Tell her no. What did she say? We're going to explore the rest of the hotel. We'll keep a comm. line open. You two go down to the lobby and see if there's anything that we've missed. You talk to the guests and try to find out who or what they are. I'll check out the rest of the floors. [Ready room] What did you find? It's all part of the novel. Don't interfere. (Mickey D shoots the bellboy in the back as he walks to the door. The customers scream) Riker to Enterprise. [Ready room] Yes, and Mickey D just walked out the door. How did he do that? [Ready room] In the novel. Right. How does it end? [Ready room] The hotel gets bought? By whom? [Ready room] Captain, that's how we're getting out. We're buying this place. [Casino] Elaborate. Okay, okay. Can you do it? Go to work. I thought seven and eleven had value. But the probability of making a six is no greater than that of rolling a seven. Can you repair them? Double 'em up. Here we go. Rather a nice run of luck, Captain. Sir? [Bridge] Yes, sir. I understand. (The clerk - aka assistant manager - arrives with a new box of chips) No. Don't want to come up short. You are keeping count? No, bet it all. We need some spreading around money, Data. Bet it all. There you go. A little something for you, Ziggy. A little something for those cocktail waitresses. Why don't you run this outside, give it to the parking lot attendants. Here you go, Vanessa. A little something for you, too. When the train comes in, everybody rides. Now. Just take twelve point five million, the purchase price of this hotel. Spread the rest around. That's right. We just bought this place, lock, stock, and barrel. Consider it a done deal. Just enjoy the game. Don't let them change the dice on you. Enterprise, this is the away team. We're clear of the structure. [Bridge] Sir. Very strange experience. Puzzling. I still can't comprehend how Colonel Richey's vessel could have travelled out that far. Not on it's own, at any rate. None of it makes any sense.
Report to Shuttlebay two immediately. Captain. We are about to lose warp drive.
What if you're wrong? Sorry. But what if it is more than a mere discrepancy? I don't recall Starbase Montgomery on the mission itinerary Boarding or disembarking? Captain? The Ares. She's in Vega-Omicron sector. Obviously, Starfleet will want to know more. Vega-Omicron. It'll take months at high warp just to get there. A personal briefing? I hope it's complete. Much of my decision will be based on it. Ensign. Dad. You're the civilian advisor? The strategic attaché? It's been fifteen years. Excitement is hardly the appropriate emotion. I've worked hard. If you'll excuse me, I've got my duties to attend to. When you've settled in, we can complete our briefing. Have Security arrange an escort for this gentleman. No. Family. So I've heard. (Kyle Riker enters and surveys the room) They know each other. You never told me you knew him. I'm ready for that briefing whenever you are. (Riker stalks out. A little later, Data and Geordi enter) Come in. Worf? Of course. What is it? Yes. Alaska. I was nine years old. And I didn't even catch it. I hooked it. My father took the rod away. He wouldn't let me reel it in. He was afraid that I might lose it. No, I. I'm not sure what I'm feeling. What's on your mind? I've been offered my own command. I haven't accepted the assignment yet That is not the purpose of the mission. Worf, you've made your point. I'm here for the briefing, sir. These mission details could have been transmitted. Then why haven't I heard from you? Excuse me. I've got to study this mission briefing. Yes, I have. No, other than a question about the Ares's First Officer. Yes. The briefing mentions something about an uncanny linguistic skill. He speaks forty languages? Yes, I'm sure I will. (Doorbell) Come in. I won't be pushed into this decision. Starfleet does. I've been on my own since I was fifteen. I can take care of myself. Have you got a minute? I wanted to apologize for my remark in Ten Forward. Your personal is none of my business. Even if it involves my father. What woman would have him with an ego like that? I never knew any of that about him. And you fell in love? His career. I'd be a fool to turn that promotion down, wouldn't I? I'll need a little more time to make this decision. [Engineering] I didn't want to leave without saying good-bye. How about until next time. The feeling is mutual, Counsellor. Perhaps your own feelings are getting in the way. Not to me. Our feelings are what make us all human. Yes, I am. I've practised my best Academy courtesy, now it's time for you to go. I'm asking you to leave, or I'll Really? There is. Deck Twelve. The gymnasium. You're on. [Doctor's office] I remember my early lessons. True, but I've had fifteen years to practise. And remembering. You should have been the one to die, not her. Yoroshiku-onegaishimasu. Matta! (Kyle backs away) I had you. You were never too hurt for anything. You had a strange way of showing it. Wait! You can't do that. Hachidan kiritsu! It's illegal. All those years. That's why I never won. You were cheating. Incredible. You cheated me. How'd you get away with it? I always hated you for that. How do you feel? I know. I'm glad you came. (They finally embrace) Captain. With your permission, I've decided to stay on board the Enterprise. Thank you, sir. Take us out of orbit, Ensign Crusher. Set course for Beta Kupsic. That is still our destination? Velocity, warp factor five. Motivated self-interest. Right now, the best place for me to be is here.
I'd call that geological instability. This is geology, not malevolence. These planets live fast and die hard. The question is, why? [Corridor] We've entered the first system. I think you might want to come to the Bridge. [Meadow] The first long range reading. Magnification ten to the sixth. And deadly. The last unmanned probe showed a thriving ecosystem. Now there's nothing. [Observation lounge] I'll need your advice and recommendations. As you know, I've been given the responsibility of overseeing Wesley's education. To further that goal, I would like to put him in charge of the planetary mineral surveys. The game isn't big enough unless it scares you a little. Sooner or later he'll have to feel the burden of command. Ensign Crusher. [Bridge] Wesley, I've assigned you the command of the planetary mineral surveys. You may not thank me once you see how much work it entails. Assemble a team, and take a look at the records on the Drema quadrant. There's a mystery here. We've got to solve it. Ensign. You're dismissed. Well, it's free. Both. So who have you got so far? Completely irrelevant. These people are professionals. If there's a personality conflict, you're in charge, you settle it. Seeing the look on his face. I'll get you another drink. (goes to the bar) Two more. (Wesley enters and gestures that he wants a word) Thank you. (Riker takes the drinks to his table and makes his excuses) Family emergency. (goes to Wesley's table) You don't look like a person who came here to relax. Do you think you were right? Or you could have been intimidated. It's tough to tell other people what to do. The difference in ages between you and Davies is not the issue here. Do you think it might have something to do with ego? Wes, responsibility and authority go hand in hand. I know you're responsible, now we've got to teach you a little bit of authority. One of the reasons you've been given command is so you can make a few right decisions, that will establish a pattern of success and help build self-confidence. If you don't trust your own judgment, you don't belong in the command chair. Then you're wrong. It's arrogant to think you'll never make a mistake. In your position, it's important to ask yourself one question. What would Picard do? Well it doesn't matter. Once Picard makes his decision, does anyone question it? And why not? When you figure it out, you'll understand command. I'm on my way. I hope I've been able to help. You let me know what you decide? You're welcome. (in his date's ear) I'll see you later) We'd be gods, which we're not. If there is a cosmic plan, is it not the height of hubris to think that we can, or should, interfere? I think that's an option we should be considering. Well that eliminates the possibility of fate. What a perfectly vicious little circle. We found the reason for the geological instability. Sir, Data's out there right now, monitoring the conditions on Drema Four. The situation's become pretty desperate for his friend. He's calculated the safest location on the planet's surface. You can guess why. She's going to die. They're all going to die. Yes. Unless. Sir? (Picard makes an 'up to our necks' gesture) [Data's quarters] Sounds like a plan. Lets get started. (Worf and Hildebrandt leave. Data enters) Come on, Data. A whopping big one, and you know it. Where would you say we are now, sir? (In over their heads) [Transporter room] O'Brien, take a nap. You didn't see any of this. You're not involved. Data, you've got ten minutes. That's it. If you meet anybody but Sarjenka Damn. You know what to do? He'll be here. (Data and Sarjenka enter) I'm sure Mister Data has a very good explanation. Wes. Sit down. You did a good job. I'm proud of you. No. [Ready room]
Guinan? I don't remember you ever calling the Bridge before. How do you mean? No Guinan, nothing out of the ordinary. Why do you ask? [Ten Forward] In his quarters? Computer locate Captain Picard. All stop. We think we can assume the Captain is aboard that shuttle. Take it easy, Wes. We're going to find him. I want to begin a methodical search. Worf, set sensors on maximum scan. Data, use our present location as a centre. Plot a search pattern from these coordinates to cover the most area in the least time. Engage, Mister Crusher. First officer's log, stardate 42761.3. We have not been able to determine why, or how, Captain Picard left the Enterprise. We can't even be certain he is in the missing shuttle, although that is the assumption on which we are proceeding. For the last six hours, we have been searching without success. [Bridge] Widen the area. [Shuttlecraft] (Q is doing his Virgil Hilts impression with a baseball, glove and bulkhead) Computer, locate Captain Picard. Which is? To join us as what? Homeless? The other members of the Q continuum kicked you out. The good times? The first time we met you, you put us on trial for the crimes of humanity. The next time we saw you, you asked me to join the Q Continuum. In fairness? You disrupt this ship, you kidnap the Captain. We'll just have to do the best we can without you. Travel time to the nearest starbase? Why? What can you tell us? What is the source of the probe? Full scan. Keep the shields down. We don't want to appear provocative. Life signs? Lieutenant Worf, what is its alert status? Shields up. Guinan, if they were that aggressive, why didn't the Borg attack? They could have but they didn't. If they pull down our shields, we're helpless. Increase power! Carving us up like a roast. Damage report? You brought us here, you exposed us to them, and you cost us the lives of our shipmates Sir, if we're going to have further dealings with the Borg now or in the future, I think that we should find out all we can about them. In my opinion, that's the only choice. Mister Worf, transporter room three. Data. Oh, I don't know, Guinan. They paid us a visit. It seems only fair that we return the courtesy. Captain's log, supplemental. We have been attacked without provocation by an alien race which Guinan calls the Borg. It appears that we have neutralised their vessel. Commander Riker is leading an away team in an attempt to learn more about them. [Transporter room] Set phasers on stun. Be ready to increase power in case we need it. Energise. [Borg ship] (They are on one of the many walkways. Lots of wall panels, ducts and cabling overhead, Borg hooked up to alcoves everywhere) I wonder why they don't react to us, or why the Enterprise didn't read any life signs, especially with this many of them. Captain. [Bridge] They appear to be in some kind of stasis. There are slots along the wall, kind of like compartments. There are two Borg in each. We're going try to access their main computer. (Data steps into a slot - or alcove) Like a juggernaut, it could begin moving at any moment. Speed being the most obvious. This ship literally just thinks what it wants, and then it happens. (A Borg walks past them, taking no notice) They either don't see us, or don't see us as a threat. [Bridge] Captain this is incredible. We've entered what appears to be the Borg nursery. From the look of it the Borg are born as biological life form. It seems that almost immediately after birth they begin artificial implants. Apparently the Borg have developed the technology [Bridge] Astounding. What is it? Captain, [Bridge] Increase to ten to the third power. (They see bent metal straightening) It's continuing to regenerate. Arm the photon torpedoes. See if we can slow them down. Arm the photon torpedoes. Lock on photon torpedoes. Prepare to fire. (Q swaps places with Data) Position.
This just came in for you from Starfleet (Tosses Wesley a data module) Your earlier test results were good enough to get you Academy credit for your work here. I don't think you have anything to worry about. But you have the practical experience, Wes. Didn't I just say that? Something I can take care of for you on Starbase Five One Five? But you'll miss the Epsilon Pulsar survey. Is something wrong? This trip to Starbase Five One Five is rather unexpected. Forgive my saying so, sir, but you're being rather enigmatic. As First Officer, I have complete security clearance. Data, wasn't the Captain looking forward to this mission to the Epsilon Pulsar Cluster? Then what would make him change his mind? Why would he leave the ship now? Source? Detail? Set course for Rhomboid Dronegar zero zero six, warp seven. I know, Data. I know. (later) Slow to impulse speed. Viewer. Hold fast. Data? On screen. I am First Officer William Riker of the USS Enterprise. We're responding to your distress signal. What is your problem? Aren't we all. But you sent out a Mayday? Do you need help? What brings you so far from home? What were you looking for? Can you be more specific? What is the nature of your mission? Did you hear an echo? You sure? Very well. Our Chief Engineer will beam over to help you. Close. Obviously they need our help. Do you honestly get the impression they could handle our technical specifications? Acknowledged, Mister Worf. We have an obligation to render aid. Report to the transporter Room with all necessary gear. Do you have anything else on them? Don't they seem a little slow? I think we can relax, Mister Worf. They can't even move their ship without our help. We certainly have them outmanned and outgunned. [Shuttlecraft] Yes. We're rendering assistance to some curious throwbacks. Can you be more specific, Counsellor? Well, our help is all they're going to get. They can't force us into anything, can they? Look at them. They're certainly not Jarada or Romulans. Are you all right? Counsellor Troi has expressed misgivings about your absence from the Enterprise. Understood. As soon as you complete the repairs, I want you back here. On screen. We send him over there for one set of repairs, now they need him for more. This is Riker on the Enterprise. Apparently your ship is in need of more than minor repair. We will use our tractor beam to tow you to the nearest base. Yes, but we need our Chief Engineer back on board our ship. (The Pakled lights come back on) Prepare to beam over. Transporter room, beam La Forge back immediately. Try again! A shield? What kind? Do not interfere with our transporter beam. Drop your shields. (They lose the viewscreen picture) Status? Hail on all frequencies. They're ignoring us. Shields up. Sensors at maximum sensitivity. Come on, Data. Any hostile move on our part could jeopardise Geordi. Counsellor? Then what was Geordi repairing? I didn't think the Pakleds had that kind of technology. Why would they go through the charade of needing our help? Maybe now we'll find out what they really want. We demand that you return our crewmember immediately. Lower your shield! Stop it! What do you want? I think you need to continue to develop. Prove it. Return our man to us. Yes, damn it. We've got a man held hostage by alien forces and all I have are no-option options. I need some input. Data? Allowing them access to our computer is a complete breech of Starfleet security. Rationale? And the more aggressive and dangerous they become. I think it's time we set some limits. Suppose we turn their impatience and greed against them? Perhaps Geordi should give them something they want. Something important. Then we simply create the right moment for him to take it away, and get him the hell out of there. I would. We have no other choice. We have to try. [Starbase 515 Operating Theatre] Yes, Lieutenant, we're here. Our computer banks are non-negotiable. Where did they get their shields? Confirmed, Lieutenant La Forge. They steal technology. You're an excellent Chief Engineer, Lieutenant La Forge. And of course your knowledge of phaser and photon weaponry is unmatched. Our missions are always inherently dangerous, and any of us could be called upon to make the ultimate sacrifice at any time. Speaking of time. This may be your time. I shall personally miss you. He'd better. We all are, Counsellor. [Pakled ship] If anyone can improvise, it's Geordi. Geordi's up to speed. I trust his instincts. Exactly. And since they equate intelligence with strength, they won't pass up the chance to use that knowledge. Can you do it? Go ahead, Bridge. [Bridge] Be ready. [Pakled armoury] Geordi did it. We can't leave Geordi behind. I want the Pakleds on that screen and I want them now. Do it. This is the Enterprise. Return our personnel or face immediate reprisal. Are you prepared to use them? We don't have time for this. You want power? Here's power. Riker to Ensign Gomez. [Engineering] Start firing countdown from twenty four. [Pakled ship] Hold fast. Fire. (and streams of red gas shoot forward from the nacelles) [Pakled ship] Allow us transport Lieutenant La Forge immediately. Transporter room, beam one to the Bridge. Set heading for Starbase Five One Five, warp nine. Harmless, but effective. Were you able disable the photons? Yes, sir.
Yes, sir. [Ready room] Sounds like it might be an SOS. When was it detected? Who used the beacon? Captain, I'm familiar with most Earth codes, and What was its origin point? Captain, I don't think there's any record of an Earth colony in that area. But who? The European Hegemony? No extraterrestrial source ever used this code? Nothing for Ficus. Lost sheep. Now we know what triggered the SOS. On my way. Captain's log, stardate 42827.3. Commander Riker has reached the caverns, where he is making preparations to begin the evacuation. [Bridge] O'Brien, I think that third wave should be in position. I'm sorry, sir. It was either this or arguing till hell froze over. Everybody up here. [Corridor] They'll learn and adapt. If Danilo Odell's any indication, they'll be running this place inside of a week. (and alarm sounds) The Bringloidi. I thought I had. Pleased to meet you, ma'am. And what about the men? Sir? (Picard is laughing) That's the last thing I expected. Sir, I think I'll stay and give her some help. (Picard and Worf leave. Riker goes to where Brenna is using hay to clean up what animals leave lying around naturally) That isn't necessary. The ship will clean itself. As the First Officer, I feel it's my responsibility to show you all the amenities. [Corridor] You don't have to do that. I can see why your father wants to marry you off. So he can have a pipe and mug of beer in peace. What's that? Right behind that door. What do you mean? Of course I do. Oh, is there a technique to this foot washing? I think I can handle that. (He lets down her hair and kisses her) Caution? What's wrong? We'll check it out. Mister Worf. Doctor Pulaski, join us in Transporter room three for an away detail. [Reception] (a very modern looking building, and clothing style) Commander William Riker, Doctor Pulaski, Lieutenant Worf. Twin brothers? Triplets? Worf, there is something damn odd down here. (a fourth woman walks by) Clones? Wait. I don't understand replicative fading. You want to clone us? No way, not me. It's not a question of harm. One William Riker is unique, perhaps even special. But a hundred of him, a thousand of him diminishes me in ways I can't even imagine. Human beings have other ways of doing that. We have children. Yes, sir. Lieutenant La Forge. Prepare a technical support away team. Meet me in transporter room three. (Riker leaves) The repairs are almost complete. I wish there was something more we could do. Out of the question. (so an aide stuns Kate and Riker, and they are dragged off through Is there any reason why it shouldn't be? Lied to you? I think, I don't remember. (Pulaski runs a medical tricorder over them all) Meaning? To their cloning lab. [Laboratory] (Riker, La Forge and Pulaski beam straight in, and find adult-sized replicas of themselves in cloning tubes. With Kate's consent, Riker phasers them out of existence) Like hell! You're a damn thief! And that gave you the right to assault us, to rob us. I want the cloning equipment inspected. Who knows how many tissue samples were stolen. We certainly have a right to exercise control over our own bodies. Unfortunately it will have to be a shotgun wedding. [Observation lounge]
So what did you think of the Antedeans, Wesley? We have you on our viewer, pilot. It looks like it's back into that dress uniform, sir. I'm sorry they startled you, Mrs. Troi. They're Antedean delegates. They're being stored here temporarily. Mrs.Troi, since this obviously significant to you, I'll (totally fail to lift the case) I'll carry it. [Corridor] Just down this corridor. Glad to help. (Riker leaves, Homn picks up the case as if it were empty) Exactly the opposite. She knows what's in your mind and she lets you know what's on hers. Sir? (Picard leaves) Nothing I've been invited to. Any of you? Very interesting! [Corridor] (Picard is in dress uniform and carrying a bottle of blue liquid) Except for now? Yes, it's something Troi warned me about when we first started to see each other. A Betazoid woman, when she goes through this phase, quadruples her sex drive. Or more? You never told me that. Isolation? Congratulations, sir! Agreed. [Outside the Holodeck] Acknowledged, Doctor. (Lwaxana and Homn enter) He is busy elsewhere, ma'am. How long until they're fully conscious? Very well, I'll inform the Captain. If you'll excuse me, ma'am. In a manner of speaking he is. I'm not going to be disturbing him, I'll just give him the message. Us? Mrs. Troi, I don't know how to tell you this. I think I'll leave that to the Captain. I thought I might. Would you like to join me? No problem. [Rex's Bar] Sorry to bother you, Captain. Sorry to bother you, Dix, but our two passengers have awakened. Well, troubles. We've got some, Captain. It seems that a certain woman, both wealthy and beautiful, now thinks that that she's going to marry me. Should we tell her? I'd better get to the Bridge. We thought that since you're going to the same conference, you might like to beam down with the other delegates.
Looking good. I'll go five. I wouldn't be so quick to judge, Data. His pile's a lot bigger than yours. Fifty, right? My cards are getting cold. Here you go. Love to play, but not with these cards. The Iceman wins again. On my way. That's it? What's the emergency? You'd think they'd at least give us a hint. Since then, the Federation has colonised several planets in that sector. Data, what ship is carrying the envoy? A class eight probe is just over two metres long. And it is designed to travel at warp nine. But still, to seal someone inside a class eight Probe and launch it off. It's a hell of a way to transport a Federation dignitary. Data, if we project our course beyond the rendezvous coordinates, what lies ahead? I'll welcome our visitor. Something wrong, Doctor? nuqneH. qaleghneS. A little. I am Commander William Riker. This is Chief Medical Officer Katherine Pulaski. I hope your voyage wasn't too unpleasant. I don't blame you. It's not the most luxurious accommodation Starfleet has to offer. Captain, allow me to present Special Federation Emissary K'Ehleyr. When the Federation and the Klingon Empire were still at war. And when this crew is revived? Why us? Wouldn't a Klingon ship be a better choice? When the T'Ong crew awakens it will be within striking range of several Federation outposts. We just ran a full test of those systems. The Iceman's finally melting. (Worf goes to the holodeck, where he sees his programme is running) [Battleground] (Worf watches as K'Ehleyr takes out three alien attackers. Her blood is up when he approaches, but she takes control of herself again) I hope we find them before they come out of their nap. That would be ideal. The point is, they may be reasonable. They've cloaked themselves. Standard evasive manoeuvre. They're going to make a break for it. I guess we've piqued their interest now. How did you like command?
And we'll experience actual battle conditions? I prefer brains over brawn as well. I think it's a waste of effort to test our combat skills. It's a minor province in the make-up of a starship captain. Mister Kolrami, when I agree to do something. I do it. Do you care to surrender now, Captain? [Bridge] Lieutenant? You've heard of the simulation aboard the Hathaway? Anticipating the worst, do you think they can be whipped into shape in forty eight hours? Am I disturbing you? (Worf sweeps the wreckage off the desk) You know of the simulation. What do you think? It's just designed to be an exercise. You mean besides pride. Well, in this case it doesn't matter. I probably haven't got a chance. Slim. The Hathaway's most sophisticated weapon system, even in a computer mock-up, can't hope to defeat the Enterprise. You're out-manned, you're out-gunned, you're out-equipped. What else have you got? Join me.  It's complete, but I would like to request an addition. With your permission, I would like Acting Ensign Crusher aboard for educational observation. (Picard nods) It appears we will have some time before reaching Braslota. I was wondering if you'd agree to play me in a game of Strategema. I enjoy a challenge. Thank you. [Corridor]  Nope. No. Nah. Sure, Kolrami is the best ever at Strategema. Just to get to play him is a privilege. Nope. And if I don't? I'm afraid so. Yes. Congratulations. < [Bridge] The Hathaway is old, battered, with that nacelle design of two above, two below) I may get over there and want to come right home. Ah, you're wrong, Mister Worf. It's fantastic. And it's ours. (offers him the First Officer's seat) Mister Worf. Worf, this is a battle simulation. You're my Tactical Officer. I've discussed this with Geordi and we agreed. You need to be at my side. Attention, crew of the USS Hathaway. This is your Captain. Over the next two days, you might lose a lot of sleep, but with your skill and your stamina, we'll have this old lady ready to fly. I want hourly progress reports from all stations. Riker out. [Hathaway Bridge]  Nice job, Geordi. >[Hathaway Engineering] RIKER  Would you like to transfer back [Hathaway Engineering] RIKER  Wes, remember our purpose is to improvise, [Hathaway Engineering] RIKER If you can pull that off, Mister Worf, it might just give us the edge we're looking for. So unless someone runs to a window and looks out It's that important? What is that? Wes? You went back to the Enterprise for that? Wes, you cheated. Assuming you can, can you regulate the reaction? You're better than good. Great. Brilliant. It's going to be fun. Carry on. [Data's quarters]  The simulation begins in one hour. I think that deserves some kind of explanation. That's not long enough for an escape, but used as a surprise it may give a strategic advantage. And if your theory fails to pay off? Yes. You're saying we're going to stall the Hathaway? He's teasing. He wants us to reveal our tactics on his terms. Mister Worf? Agreed. Three quarters impulse, full on my command. Ensign Nagel, maximum shields. Mister Worf, prepare your little surprise. Because they're not through coming after us. Wesley, Geordi, prepare to warp jump. There never are, Lieutenant. I'm going to trust your expertise. Secure your stations. Stand by for my signal. [Bridge] With what? We have no offensive weapons. [Bridge] When Bractor closes in, we'll hit our warp drive and take our chances. We have a limited, two-second warp capability.  Waiting for you to pull another rabbit out of your hat. [Observation lounge]  What the hell. Nobody said life was safe. [Observation lounge] We'll only need few minutes, Mister Worf, because you're going to prepare another surprise for them. Data, you beat him! Explain.
Something jabbed me here in the calf. (The fabric is torn, the flesh bloody and swollen) Geordi, it's just I wasn't ready to leave here anyway. [Transporter room] Over here, Doctor. I was walking along minding my own business, doing a simple geological sweep. Something stuck me in the leg. No. Just a little numb, that's all. This is the strangest feeling. My whole leg just went dead. Captain's log, Stardate 42976.1. During a geological survey on Surata Four, Commander Riker has become infected by an unidentified microbe. [Sickbay] Captain. The Doctor said she was getting bored. I just thought I'd give her a challenge. That's why the transporter's biofilters weren't able to extract it. My leg's still asleep. Why wouldn't I be comfortable? They're waiting on me hand and foot. I hope that they don't find out that I'm faking it. Yes, Doctor showed it to me, too. Rather harmless-looking thing, I thought. Well, these things happen. I'm surprised they don't happen more often. After all, we are exploring the unknown. Captain, one of the things I've learned anything on these voyages, on this ship, and from you, is that most life forms act out of an instinct for survival, not out of malice. If you drop a hammer on your foot, it's hardly useful to get mad at the hammer. [Pulaski's office] This bug is persistent, I'll admit that. But I'm not worried. We Rikers are ornery, too. As a matter of fact, my great grandfather once got bit by a rattlesnake. After three days of intense pain, the snake died. I try. You, of all people, should know. As the First Officer on this ship, I have to set an example. Now more than ever. Deanna, facing death is the ultimate test of character. I don't want to die, but if I have to, I'd like to do it with a little pride. You bet. Dying is bad enough but, to lose my sense of humour? Forget it. I haven't given up yet. (But his eyes close and the machine beeps a warning as his indicators drop into the red. Pulaski runs in) (alone in a hostile land) Tasha? Data? Geordi? Worf? Anybody? [Sickbay] Hello! (He finds Data whistling 'Pop goes the Weasel', and finishes the tune for him) There are some puzzles down on the planet that the Captain wants answered. He suggested that I take you with me on the away team I'll be leading. Yes. When the captain suggested you, I looked up your record. Then your rank of Lieutenant Commander is honorary? But your files they say you're a To be honest, yes, a little. Now that does trouble me. Do you consider yourself superior to us? Nice to meet you, Pinocchio. A joke. You're going to be an interesting companion, Mister Data. [The Dauphin - Ten Forward] Guinan, I need your help. Could you step over here a minute? Now, the first words out of your mouth are the most important. You may want to start with something like this here. You are the most beautiful woman in the galaxy. But that might not work. You don't know how long I've wanted to tell you that. Yes. Of us. Of what we might become. Or that you might think that was a line. Then you think I'm not sincere? Then you're inviting me in? That's more than I expected. To hope is to recognise the possibility. I had only dreams. Not these dreams. I dream of a galaxy where your eyes are stars and the universe worships the night. Then I'll learn how to fly. You are the heart in my day and the soul in my night. I didn't want to leave without saying goodbye. How about, until next time. The feeling is mutual, Counsellor. Perhaps your own feelings are getting in the way. Not to me. Our feelings are what make us all human. Yes, I am. Gentlemen, if this is what you call enhancement, you've got a gift for understatement. What's a knockout like you doing in a computer-generated joint like this? Waiting for me? You can't be serious? I know you are a computer-generated image, but your smell, your touch, the way you feel. Even the things you say and think seem so real. How far can this relationship go? I mean, how real are you? Yes, I find you very attractive. It's not my function to seduce or be seduced by the leader of another world. No, it's not. But will you still respect me in the morning? What do you mean? Of course I do. Oh, is there a technique to this foot washing? I think I can handle that. The creature attacked us. Lieutenant Yar is down. We had no effect on it. (Armus sinks back into the slick) I have been assigned to serve this ship and to obey your orders. And I will do exactly that. I just did. Is there something you wanted to say to me, Lieutenant? Then I take it you challenge my authority over you. And your position on this, Captain? Ready for your tour, Admiral? What's in the case? What is it? Why haven't we heard anything about that? Superior? I think I'll summon my Science Officer. (Quinn grabs his arm with a surprising amount of strength) Riker to Security. Guest quarters seventeen. Emergency. (Quinn knocks Riker out cold) [Skin of Evil] [Sickbay] Who are you? (The Ferengi let fly energy bolts from their whips, knocking the three men out. Actually, it takes two jolts to knock out Riker) [Skin of Evil] (Riker is grabbed by an invisible force and dragged by the feet to the slick) Help! Data, something's got me! No! No, don't! (Riker disappears into the slick) Yes. Set auto-destruct sequence. Now. We'll handle the formalities later. Right now we have to get off this ship. Are there any others survivors? Check him out. (There is a body on a table) Then pick the body and let's get out of here. Transporter room, have you got a lock on us? [Transporter room] You're still here? Beat. You wouldn't believe the dreams I was having. Great work, Doctor. Now, if I can get out of here, I'd like to get back Why? I feel fine. Of course I know who I am. I'm Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise. (cue Original Series comedy sequence music)
The Sheliak have not attempted to communicate with the Federation for a hundred and eleven years. Why are they doing it now? Tau Cygna Five is in the de Laure Belt. Heavy concentrations of hyperonic radiation. Then the Sheliak are asking us to chase ghosts. So the Sheliak weren't hallucinating. How can humans survive down there? By treaty, that world still belongs to the Sheliak. And if we don't remove them, the Sheliak will. Forcefully. The Sheliak consider humans a lower life form. They would have no compunctions about exterminating the intruders. My guess would be a lone survey ship. Maybe a dozen or so survivors. [Planet surface] (The shuttlecraft has landed on a convenient piece of flat ground surrounded by vertical cliffs. Two locals approach) Got it. The Artemis. Launched ninety two years ago. Destination Septimus Minor. When they failed to check in, Starfleet began an extensive search. Three days, no transporters. We'll never get them out in time. Gentlemen, we're giving you an assignment. One thing we don't want to hear is that it is impossible. Even if we get the Sheliak to talk, they're not likely to be accommodating. Gentlemen, how's it coming? What the hell is that? Keep at it. We need those transporters. [Main square] (It is evening) Yes, sir? We can't wait three weeks. One of their ships must already be en route. The Sheliak may interpret that as a hostile act. The Enterprise is going to try to intercept the Sheliak colony ship. Your job well, you know what your job is. What's the situation? Then try something else. Data, I can't help you. I don't know these people. I haven't talked to them. You have. Use that fancy [Main square] The treaty is the only thing that prevented them from eradicating the colony the moment they discovered it. [Main square] The lives of fifteen thousand people are riding on you. [Main square] Was that an invitation? Helm, maintain relative position. Mister Worf, tell transporter room two to stand by. I take it the Sheliak just hung up on us again. [Ard'rian's home] (Data suddenly sits up) Aye, sir. You enjoyed that.
Forget to set your alarm, Wesley? Ensign, our position. Slow to one third impulse power. Shuttlebay two, stand-by to launch the Egg. [Shuttlebay] Reset dampeners. [Engineering] Prepare for impact. Medical personnel, report to the Bridge. Commander Data, check all systems. Worf, you're absolutely sure? Shields up. Bring her round to two seven five mark three. That our computer was daydreaming? (The ship shakes and the doors start opening and closing rapidly) Try warp engines. That's hard to accept. Manual restart sequence. Shuttlebay two, open hangar door. Computer, shut off the music! Weapons. power, communications. We're being stripped one system at a time. Not now, Doctor. We'll circuit in auxiliary power to the Bridge. Somehow we'll silence Sousa if he decides to play an encore. It's like candy to them. Why would they attack us? We can continue to bypass the part of the computer that's affected, but if the nanites are spreading through the whole the ship. Nitrogen oxide. Toxic levels. I've switched to manual control of the air handling system. (The lights go out, a panel explodes. Stubbs, Worf and Data enter)  Worf, prepare to activate gamma pulse generators. One sure way into the record books, Doctor. [Bridge] Yourself, Data? Hold your position. (The neutron star goes Foom! and Stubbs' computer console lights up with masses of incoming data)
Yes, Captain.
Enough to power a small phaser bank, a subspace relay station, or All we need now is power. Doctor, be careful. Palmer is missing. A scan of the planet shows Mintakan life forms only, no humans. However I have a suggestion. First officer's log, Stardate 43174.2. Counsellor Troi and I are beaming down to Mintaka Three to locate Doctor Palmer and to determine the extent of the cultural contamination. Doctor Crusher has temporarily altered our features and skin colour. She's also implanted subcutaneous communicators so that any transmissions we receive will be inaudible to the Mintakans. [Plain] Riker to Enterprise. Do you hear me? This man's taken, get your own? What kind of services? They are a sensible race. [Assembly hall] (Troi and Riker enter as Liko is telling his experience to a grey-haired man) Uh oh. The procedure didn't work. Is that any less reasonable than being magically transformed to another place by the Picard? Riker to Picard. We have a problem. [Sickbay] The Mintakans are beginning to believe in a god [Sickbay] We can try. It's senseless for this stranger to be held captive. All this talk of the Overseer, it's old superstitions. That knot won't hold. If I may? You need a knot that'll tighten under pressure. Let me show you. [Path] Forgive me, friend, but the stranger must be set free. [Outside the hall] Riker to Enterprise. Lock on and prepare to beam us directly to Sickbay, but hang on for my signal. I'm clear. Energise! [Sickbay] Data, has Counsellor Troi beamed up? Damn. [Assembly hall] (Fento is untied) Masquerading as a god? And are you saying that this belief will eventually become a religion? Nuria. Exceptionally clear-minded, sensible. The Mintakans trust her judgment. If we can convince her that you are not a god Yes, Data, it was. Negative. [Assembly hall] Lock sensors on Nuria.
This is Riker. Go ahead, Lieutenant. Affirmative. Enterprise out. I understand. Riker out. Do you know Jeremy well? That's part of life in Starfleet, Wesley. I know. You hope you never do. [Worf's quarters] (Worf extinguishes a candle with a dagger blade) [Turbolift] No, sit down. We spent some time together. Not very well. How well did you know her? Well, you just asked me. Do you remember how we all felt when Tasha died? Just human nature, Data. We feel a loss more intensely when it's a friend. Maybe they should, Data. Maybe if we felt the loss of any life as keenly as we felt the death of those close to us, human history would be a lot less bloody. You're back, Geordi Did you find them all, Geordi? Two kilometres north of the away team's beam-down point. Data, run comparison of known phenomena. Data, is this possibly related to the energy fields on the planet? Security, all decks yellow alert. Possible intruder. [Jeremy's quarters] (Jeremy recoils from Marla's attempt to stroke his hair) Repeat, Worf? [Jeremy's quarters] She offers him everything. All we offer is the cold reality of his mother's death. She needs the transporter to get the boy back. Deanna, stand by. La Forge, the intruder may try to reinstate [Engineering] Keep it down, Geordi, for as long as you can.
We're picking up a signal, coordinates two one one mark six one. Survivors on Orelious Nine after all this time? Not possible. I would prefer it if Lieutenant Worf and I were able to a security sweep of the ship first. The risks on a ship this old and fragile are inconceivable, Captain. Sir? You're certain about the atmospheric conditions, Data ? What's that? Keep me posted. [Warship Bridge] (built for human-sized humanoids with a ridge on their skulls. Reminiscent of the scene from Alien when they found the dead pilot) What is it, Wes? Define weird. Run a maintenance sweep. A friendly one, I hope? I hope you'll be as thoughtful when the time comes. We were having a few problems while Shields up. Mister La Forge. [Engineering] Slow to idle, Geordi. Is there anything in the history books, Data, that could give us a clue? Any mention of a situation like this? I recommend that I return to the cruiser with an away team. No, but they knew who their enemy was better than we do. They may have known what caused the trouble. They just didn't know how to get out. Coils here. That's what we were thinking. [Bridge] Geordi, can you give us enough power to get us out of here? [Utopia Planitia Drafting room] Acknowledged. Can you get any playback at all? Do the best you can, Data. Let's just hope we can get the section we need. All found in an open locker? I don't think he was too concerned with security. [Utopia Planitia Drafting room] Generators? The Menthars hide them in floating debris. An unsuspecting enemy ship flies in. Instant booby trap. They've been out there a long time, Data. There must have been some deterioration. I recommend we fire directional phasers at those coordinates. Nothing. The optimist of the group. If we resist, we die. If we don't resist, we die. Any word from La Forge? Computers have always impressed me with their ability to take orders. I'm not nearly as convinces of their ability to creatively give them. One propeller, Captain? All hands, this is Commander Riker. We are about to engage impulse engines for a short burst. Inertial dampers are on manual. They may not fully compensate for acceleration. So brace yourselves. Computer, discontinue radiation warning till further notice. It's all yours, sir. Coming to heading three four zero mark one zero. Captain, that large mass to port may contain an assimilator. Okay, we're over the first hurdle. We're out. We got through. Mister Worf, ready photon torpedoes. Set to detonate on impact with the Promellian vessel.
Placing beam-out marker. Return transport, fourteen minutes, forty seconds. Is your view any better, Geordi? Tricorders? Good thing we didn't bring Data. We'd be unscrambling his circuits for a week. Recognise those markings, Worf? What the hell are they doing in a Federation sector? All right, let's spread out. Twenty five metre radius. Our window back closes in twelve minutes. (They spread out and soon lose sight of each other) Where is he? Wait here. [Pit] (Geordi wakes up, finds his Visor and sees his predicament) Geordi! Geordi! [Pit] Hold your position, Mister Worf. (Worf, Riker and the Romulan are beamed away) [Pit] Keep trying, O'Brien. Well beam some of those ghosts back. One of them may be Geordi. Permission to lead another away team, sir. The Romulan craft is a total loss. There's nothing there to salvage unless you want to use tweezers. You couldn't see two metres in front of yourself down there. I doubt if they were there for the climate. [Pit] (Geordi has spotted some medal ore in the wall of the pit. He makes a groove in the mud, puts the nodules in it then uses his phaser to melt them into a dagger shape) [Sickbay] (Crusher is operating on the injured Romulan) Will he survive? Well let me put it another way. Will he survive long enough to tell us what he was doing here? Head injury? Will it affect Geordi the same way? (She nods, then injects the Romulan) You are on board the Federation Starship Enterprise. We're treating your injuries. How long were you down on Galorndon Core? Do you understand me? We need to know if there are other survivors on the surface. Do you have a mother ship who should be advised of your condition? (He passes out again) Which suggests that he wasn't. [Pit] (Geordi is using two home-made picks to help him climb out of the pit. It's hard work, but he makes it back onto the surface) [Bridge] Something, anything to can cut through the storm. Some way to get a signal through to him. Including the Neutral Zone border. We have every right to detain him, sir. It obviously wasn't pilot's error. I think it demands a response from us. What is that? Then he must be hurt or dead. When does our next window open up, Mister Data? They're early. Come. Worf. For what it's worth, I understand your bitterness. Must you blame all Romulans for that? Forever? What if some day the Federation made peace with the Romulans. That's what your people said a few years ago about humans. Think how many died on both sides in that war. Would you and I be here now like this if we hadn't been able to let go of the anger and the blame? Where does it end, Worf? If that Romulan dies, does his family carry the bitterness on another generation? What I believe doesn't matter. There's still no indication that he's found the beacon, sir. Yes, sir. We can't transport him with the shields up. Another Romulan? Close call.
May I escort you, Miss Troi? Excuse me. There's a delegation of Ferengi who wishes to be beamed aboard, sir. Gentlemen, this way. Imagine the Ferengi collecting tolls if we lose to them. I think that Devinoni is the one that we need to watch out for. He was the most one in the group. Poker? Is that a game of some sort? A wormholes is there one moment, and then gone the next. A stable wormhole is unheard of. We think we should take a look for ourselves. Geordi has continuous visual contact with the wormhole, Captain. I think he's the logical choice. Then send in your own probe, Goss. With the Ferengi around? Always. Me? Excuse me, sir, but those weren't natural instincts. Those were poker instincts. A card game doesn't exactly prepare me for this. A complete analysis of our bid is available on the ship's computer for your consideration. I think I have an idea what the rules are. Not unlike commanding a starship, Mister Ral. Neutral, and uninvolved, sir, in virtually all interstellar matters of consequence. Leyor, the Federation would like to negotiate a trade agreement in which we could acquire your planet's rich deposits of trillium 323 which we would add to our bid, Premier Bhavani. Mister Ral? You either had very good instincts, or foreknowledge of the Caldonian withdrawal. Bought out the Ferengi yet, Ral? No, but I think that you will. One way or another, it's going to come down to you and me. I hope I'm better than you realise. We'll see, won't we? Your point of view, not mine. I will remove the burden of that responsibility right now. My relationship with Deanna stands very well on its own without any help from you. That's the first bad play I've seen you make. If you can bring happiness into Deanna's life, nothing would please me more. You know, you're really not such a bad sort, Ral, except you don't have any values, beyond the value of today's bid, that is. Deanna is just the woman to bring some meaning to your sorry existence, if you're smart enough to take it. I doubt that you are. To the last mile. (Riker finishes his drink and leaves) [Bridge] Riker to Picard. What's happening, Captain? [Bridge] Excuse me. (Riker leaves) Why? What is he doing it for then? Mister Ral, congratulations on winning the rights to the Barzan wormhole.
Someone sure stripped this place. No wonder they didn't answer our hail for two days. Nothing here to answer with. Worf! Blood. They've never come out this far before. I'll see to that, and to your accommodations. We're all very proud of her. You're the chef? We can provide you with a kitchen, but it won't really be necessary. These food dispensers can synthesise anything that you may been. I'll show you. Sovereign, may I offer you a drink? Computer, a glass of water, five degrees. You're also the food taster? I will arrange for a technician to help programme your recipes into the computer. Of course, I'll have to try some of them. What's your specialty? Don't be modest. You can't tell me you haven't come up with a few culinary delights. Parthas? Parthas a la Yuta. I look forward to tasting it. Sovereign. Chef. [Bridge] It's worth a look. Data, Worf. [Gatherer camp] (It looks like a junk yard) Looks like these Gatherers weren't too discriminating in what they steal. Powerful enough. We came to talk! We're here to establish a dialogue, Worf. Data, tell me about noranium. It vaporises at? Thank you, Data. Three, two, one, now! (They fire at some of the metal junk, which creates a smoke screen.) Enterprise, four to beam up. We've brought the Sovereign of Acamar. With an offer of amnesty. (Later, Yuta is tasting a drink again, this time from a metal jug) Any insights? Away team to Enterprise. Medical Emergency. There's a chance that our doctors can do something. How? You don't sound convinced. Parthas a la Yuta. Truly excellent. Would you care to join us? It really is delicious. I'm not your commander. My name is William. I do. When you say Commander you say it like you say Sovereign to Marouk. Why's that? Not that I disagree. No, I prefer the company of equals. And you're not comfortable with that? What about freedom? Because you're the property of the Sovereign? But you have no place to go? Yuta, you're an excellent chef, but you speak in riddles. On my way. [Sickbay] You're scowling, Doctor. And? And that stopped his heart? How specific? Pretty single-minded bug. Meaning somebody engineered it. Good. Notify Doctor Crusher when Acamar's medical database is online. Riker out. Come in. Not at all. What a charming suggestion. Was I that obvious? Well, I've already dined. Maybe you know a good Acamarian dessert recipe. (A kiss, of course) Wait a minute. Not as a servant. I told you, I prefer equals. Especially in matters of love. No. I only want to make you as happy as you want to make me. You're entitled to that. Yuta. I don't know who did this to you, or why, but it can change. You're going alone, Captain? There are still risks. Probably one of the last of the Gatherers to be born on their planet. Data? Anything in your file on Penthor-Mul? Display Volnoth's birth record again. The only two recorded deaths by this microvirus both from the same clan. What does that tell us, Doctor? I want to know just how this clan was involved in the Acamarian blood feuds, and I'd like to know any clue as to who their enemies were. How could this virus have been transmitted, Doctor? Tailor made for their enemies. Ended it? There must be a missing link here. I don't see the connection. Computer, scan left and magnify. Do it. (It is Yuta)  Fifty three years ago, and she hasn't aged a day. [Chorgan's ship] Don't move! Yuta. Move away from Chorgan. Do it. Because of a man you once knew named Penthar-Mul. Tell him, Yuta. You were with Penthar-Mul when he died. I know, Yuta. Stop! Chorgan, keep perfectly still. Your life is in danger. Step back, Yuta. It is now. You're about to commit a murder. The wars are over, Yuta. You're right, I can't. Because I've seen the part of you that regrets what you've become. Listen to me. You don't have to do this any more. You do. Stop. (The first shot is a mild stun. Yuta staggers, then reaches for Chorgan again. The next shot is higher. Then Riker puts the phaser up to full power) Yuta, don't do this. (She moves towards Chorgan again, and Riker vapourises her) In the meantime? Sounds pretty routine. I'll pass that along to the crew, Captain. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Unidentified craft in the Neutral Zone. [English camp at Agincourt] Outpost Sierra Six confirms our readings, sir. They identify it as a Romulan scout ship. Bearing two seven zero mark one four. Pursuit? Come to intercept course. Keep us out of the Neutral Zone. how long before they cross over into Federation territory? Position? Federation space. All stop. No argument? Mister Worf. Energise. We'll take you to Sickbay, after that You're saying an entire base has already been established there? So the Federation sensors that monitor the Neutral Zone just missed it? He tells a hell of a story. The Empire knows that we'd never allow them to maintain a base within the Neutral Zone. I think he's a plant to draw us into the Neutral Zone. Then we'll look like the aggressors. Exactly. Why? Excuse me for being a little confused, Setal, but I thought you were defecting. Your knowledge of Klingon curses is impressive. But as a Romulan might say, only a veruul would use such language in public. Mister Worf, please see to the security arrangements for our guest's stay. You find something amusing? This is the food station. You can reach me through the comm. panel. Later, we'd like to ask you a few more questions. (Riker leaves) You're lying, Setal. We're not going anywhere until we get to the truth You're a spy, aren't you? Then prove it. You can begin by telling me something about the location and strength of the Romulan fleet. You're a logistics officer. Who's your superior officer? The location of the Romulan bases along the Neutral Zone? In your sector? The number of troops under your admiral's command? I guess you're right. It's not worth playing this game. Tactical? I don't like it I would've expected a greeting party. May we have better luck. Nelvana Three on screen. Still no sign of them on sensors. In a way, I'd rather be fighting my way this, It's just too damned easy. No indication of a base at all? Maybe they abandoned the planet after he defected. A cloaking device of some sort, to hide the entire base? There doesn't appear to be a base. Permission to withdraw from the Neutral Zone? Helm, bring her round one hundred and eighty degrees. Geordi, get us out of here. Damage? A letter to his wife and daughter.
It's a tribute to your people that you were able to recover so rapidly from the Tarsian War. I'm not sure I'd like to live in this place. A little stuffy for my taste. Do you have means of pursuit? With your permission? Mister Data, a stolen transport vessel has departed from Lunar Five. [Bridge] Detain the vessel and quarantine the pilot. Is he armed? Did you read that, Data? Geordi, how far and how fast can that transport ship travel? Unless he's borrowing one. If he's hanging over the planet's pole, the magnetic field would confuse our sensors. Let's try it. Mister Crusher, realign for polar orbit. This guy knows all the tricks, doesn't he. He's out of his mind! That's an interesting twist. Work, let's greet our guest. [Transporter room] Get him to a detention cell. Set phasers on maximum stun. Have you run a diagnostic on the sensors, Data? Computer, identify the occupant of the detention cell. He's in there. Was he a prisoner of war? Who did this to him? Even Danar can't move that fast. Security personnel, full alert. Shut down all shuttlebays, transporters, and turbolifts. Data, put the turbolifts back online. If Danar sees they're operating, he may try to use them. Soon as he does, we have him. [Corridor] (Danar sees a guard around the next corner. He ducks into a turbolift - 12 on the door) [Bridge] He took the bait. How the hell did he manage that? Riker to La Forge. Engineering, respond. [Engineering] (Everyone is out cold) Riker to Worf, he's in Engineering. [Corridor] Deck fifteen, a few decks below the shuttlebay. Where do you think he's headed? The cargo bays. That should have put our boy to sleep. Could be he's planning to enter shuttlebay two from outside the Enterprise, bypassing the security guards. Go to backup systems. That was his plan all along. First officer's log, supplemental. We are continuing to repair damage to the ship's sensors following the escape of the Angosian prisoner, Danar. He is still at large. [Bridge] Engineering, I'm getting readings on Tactical. Are we back up? Mister Worf, you are personally responsible for the Captain's safety. Success, Captain? And if the government doesn't survive?
I don't want to be in the transporter room to greet her. People don't just appear and disappear. There must be some way to track her. Why would they want to take a Federation hostage? Their fight doesn't involve us. What can you tell us about this device? Do you mind if we take one of these with us and have our people study it? You don't sound very optimistic. You mean to tell me all these people belong to the Ansata? How did this ever get started? You hate them as much as they hate you. What changed your mind? Well, that'll change your point of view. This is no way to live. For both of you. There's got to be a better way to deal with it than this. What happened to your predecessors? Are you going to tell me that little boy's a threat? (Two children are being handcuffed) No. (The waiter comes in) I've had enough of this. I want you to take a message back to your people. You tell them the Federation is willing to negotiate for the release of Doctor Crusher. She's a Starfleet officer. She's my responsibility. Your people have terms. We're willing to listen. We want her back. It's as simple as that. I don't think it's necessary to detain this gentleman any longer. Is that what you want? Dead? Injured? Why? I just asked if they would talk. Any passages leading to the surface? Any light they have must be artificially generated. Permission granted. You have the bridge, Mister Data. We'll bring her home, Wes. [Infirmary] Generator's right over there. [Side cave] You didn't have to kill him. He could have killed you. He didn't. Maybe the end begins with one boy putting down his gun. [Bridge] (Mother and son hug each other)
Could we blow it into pieces? Given a choice between slim and none, I'll take slim any day. Lieutenant Worf, contact all ships in this sector to rendezvous and join us in relief efforts. Can you give us any more, Geordi? What is that? Lieutenant Worf, what the hell do the sensors say? We know you're behind this, Q. If it served your purpose, yes. Maybe he just wants a big laugh. He'll take Bre'el Four to the edge of disaster, and then pull the moon back. You honestly think Q is telling the truth? And there he sits, and he watches us struggle. Our Chief Engineer is working on ways to reinforce our tractor beam. I've got to tell you Geordi is not at all optimistic. (A bright light fills the room) Data? Lethal? A lifeform? Computer, analyse signal Geordi, increase power to shields. You tormented them. I say we turn him over to them. I'm serious. Fighting off all the species you've insulted would be a full time mission. That's not the one I signed up for. We'll have to lower shields. Engineering, holding at station keeping, range six hundred and forty metres. Lowering shields. Engage tractor beam. [Engineering] Disengage tractor beam. Geordi, can you direct any more power to the shields? [Engineering] What can you do for him? Geordi? The moon's trajectory? And when we drop our shields, the Calamarains go after Q again. Engineering, prepare to extend shields. Worf, are you sensing any sort of interference from the Calamarain? Geordi, extend shields around shuttle one. What the hell is going on? [Shuttlecraft] Scan the sector. Swell. I don't need your fantasy women. Let's see it, Worf. (a diagram of a circular orbit on the screen)
Why do you sound so surprised, Mister O'Brien? In time for what? It's a long story, sir, but I'm sure it doesn't have anything to do with this accident. Custody? On what charge? Murder? Now wait a minute, you can't come on Captain, may I have a word with you? Just this. I'm not a murderer. I went to the Tanugan lab as an official representative of Starfleet. I acted accordingly. I was there to evaluate Doctor Apgar's progress in the development of a Krieger Wave converter. That's all I was interested in. Computer. Load deposition programme Riker one. Run the simulation. (Holographic Riker and La Forge beam in) Doctor Apgar, I'm Commander William Riker. Lieutenant Commander Geordi La Forge. A pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Apgar. If you're prepared to get started, so are we. All right, why don't you give me the overview of your research while Mister La Forge and your assistant take a look at the experimental data. We're not here to pressure you, Doctor. We just want an update on your progress. To your success, Doctor. We were in this sector on another mission, and since you had already contacted Starfleet about additional dicosilium, it seemed like a good opportunity. It's just a study of a proto-star cloud. The Enterprise'll be back tomorrow. We didn't want to inconvenience you. We've made arrangements for quarters on the planet. It's my testimony and it's the truth. I'll be very comfortable, thank you. Good night. I'm sure I'll find everything I need. Mrs. Apgar. It's late. I am tired. (She slips her dress off her shoulders) Ma'am, excuse me. I really think that you ought to leave. (Apgar enters) Doctor. (Apgar slaps Manua, then takes a swing at Riker, who sways out of the way. Apgar falls against the bed) Doctor, believe me. This has been a terrible mistake. I didn't see Doctor Apgar until the following morning when he asked to see me alone. Commander La Forge returned to the Enterprise. Resume programme. [Holodeck - Space Station Lab] Doctor, this is going to have no impact on my report. It was a misunderstanding of the worst kind. We could straighten the entire thing out if you would ask Mrs. Apgar to join us. Doctor, I I don't need explanations. I'll tell my Captain to expect your grievance. Riker to Enterprise. I'm ready to leave. Now. Freeze programme. Then I returned to the Enterprise. I never fired a phaser on the science station. Riker to Enterprise. I'm ready to leave. Now. I'm Commander William Riker. Lieutenant Commander Geordi La Forge. It's a pleasure to meet you, Manua. If you wish. Doctor, I'll do everything in my power to make this as painless as possible for both of us. Do you assist your husband in his work? No, neither am I. Mister La Forge, why don't you take a look at the doctor's experimental data. Later, you can give me an overview. Doctor, I'm not trying to put any pressure on you. I'm sure my report will only underscore the need for continued support of your research. Success. I'd appreciate it if Commander La Forge and I could stay here until the Enterprise returns. (Riker is continually staring at Manua) It would help to accelerate the process. Very charming. It has your touch. Who do you need sanctuary from? A man more interested in Krieger waves than in a lovely woman like you. How is that possible? It must be very lonely. A princess in a very high tower. Your sanctuary, remember? (Riker slips her dress off her shoulders) (the real one) She's lying! That never happened. Captain, you know I would never act like that. This isn't me. I wasn't the one who closed the door. I didn't proposition her and I certainly didn't try to rape her. Why are you doing this? If you report this, you'll be making a terrible mistake, Doctor. A terrible mistake. (Apgar and Manua leave) Why would she lie like that? She was lying. You could tell. Then you think that I? We can't both be telling the truth. But her version puts a noose around my neck. [Sickbay] So you're saying there's a connection between the radiation bursts and the explosion? You're a dead man, Apgar. A dead man. But the holodeck can't create anything dangerous. To your success, doctor. Doctor. I don't need explanations. I'll tell my Captain to expect your grievance. Riker to Enterprise. I'm ready to leave, now. Not that I know of. I'd be more than willing to put it behind me. With pleasure, sir. Ensign Crusher, set course for Emila Two, warp three. Engage.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Unusual in what way? Specify? Are you saying it is and yet it isn't there? Looks like they had a rough ride. And now they're here. Bridge to Sickbay. Emergency teams, stand by transporter rooms. Respectfully, if I may suggest regardless of where they came from, they are here now and they need our help. There's no record of the Romulans ever assaulting the Enterprise C. Aye, sir. Lieutenant. Captain Garrett? I'm Commander William Riker. Our emergency teams are on board your ship. Doctor? We'll explain that later. We're from a Federation starship. We answered your distress call. Your ship is in good hands, but we need to get you to our Sickbay. If you can't stabilise the life support, we're going to have to evacuate the ship. Commander William Riker. I'd hate to have to scrap her. Starfleet could certainly use another ship, even if she is old. Acknowledged. That won't accomplish anything, sir. There's no way they can save Narendra Three. But that's what you're talking about anyway, isn't it? Altering the past. Sir, if you'd like my opinion With all due respect, sir, you'd be asking one hundred and twenty five people to die a meaningless death. Acknowledged. Captain Picard is safely aboard. Fire phasers. One Klingon bird of prey off the starboard bow. [1701C Bridge] Sir, Lieutenant Castillo is the last surviving senior officer. He will have limited support from Ops, no Tactical, reduced staff in Engineering. Certainly, history never meant for this ship to go into battle without her captain. Number and type of ships, Mister Crusher? They shouldn't be so confident after the pasting we gave them on Archer Four. Photon torpedoes ready. Damage control teams, deck fourteen. [Engineering] If we lose antimatter containment Heavy casualties in the secondary hull. Navigational sensor array inoperative. [Engineering]
You're new around here, aren't you? Your daughter? Nice to meet you. (He beats a hasty exit) [Data's quarters]
Riker to Captain Picard.
Type? Riker to Captain Picard. Will we be delaying our rendezvous with the Hood, sir? Lieutenant, contact the Hood and inform them of our delay. Yes, sir. Don't worry about me, sir. I can handle it. You can count on all of us, sir. Five, and twenty. Not at all. Counsellor, twenty. (She and Data see Riker's bid) Pair of threes. I don't know why we're going to this pulsar. And creeping up on it at half impulse makes even less sense. I know, but this is different. He's different. I can't put my finger on it, but I'm worried. That's not the Captain I know. [Riker's quarters] We're a mission that has no apparent purpose. In itself, I can accept that. All of us can, because the Captain says it's important and we trust him. Then he runs the crew through efficiency drills for the first time in my tour of duty, but he says we need them, so we need them, because we trust our Captain. But we also have a captain singing drinking songs with his men. Any signs of mental stress or trauma? Almost as though he wanted to establish that there was nothing wrong. Which brings up a very serious possibility. What if there's an outside influence at work here? Nobody has suggested removing the Captain from command. Right now, all we have are suspicions. Not enough to act upon. The next move is his. [Holding cell] Mister Worf, divert enough power to the shields to offset the increased radiation and magnetic fields. Captain, may I have a word with you? What is our mission? If you don't, you force me to take command of this vessel. You are endangering this ship for no reason. That's not good enough. Your behaviour has been erratic. No, I don't. But I can't let you risk the lives of this crew. Belay that order. Maintain your position, Lieutenant. You've shown none of the concern that Captain Picard would for the safety of his ship, the welfare of his crew. Ensign Crusher, take us away from this pulsar. Heading one eight five mark three two. Full impulse. Engage. [Holding cell] Captain! Ship and crew functioning normally, Captain. Very convincing, but not perfect. Well, sir, I find it hard to believe you're that good a singer.
Enterprise to Captain Picard.
They seem to be in an awful hurry. As in Tam Elbrun of the Ghorusda disaster? Forty seven, including the captain of the Adelphi and two friends from my class at the Academy. Main Bridge. It was a first contact situation. Ghorusdan culture is so complex and different, that the Federation sent a specialist to prevent misunderstanding. Not directly. Board of inquiry blamed Darson for carelessness about Ghorusdan cultural taboos. But if Elbrun was so good, why didn't he warn Darson? What was he doing there if he couldn't sense that much hostility? [Bridge] That's twenty three parsecs beyond our furthest manned explorations. Have attempts been made We've reached the outer regions of the Beta Stromgren system. On course for orbital intercept of Tin Man, ETA eighteen minutes. Not altogether. Astrophysics reports that the star's rate of collapse has increased. It could go supernova in the next few days. Arm photon torpedoes and stand by, Mister Worf. I thought you said the Enterprise was faster than this Romulan. So they kept up with us by sacrificing their ability to re-enter Romulan space. Response? But you're so sure it'll talk to you. With our shields in their present condition, we can't How long? All of it. We don't know that we have twenty hours. That star could explode at any moment. No, we fix the shields first. I'm not worried about Tin Man. It's more Romulans showing up. Don't ask me about surprises. Ask Tam Elbrun. [Sickbay] Worf? Geordi, are we going to have those shields anytime soon? Shields are at forty percent. We can manoeuvre on impulse, sir. That star's going to go any minute, sir.
This is insubordination, Mister Barclay. I think it's time we talked to the Captain about Broccoli. That's what Wesley calls him. Keep it to yourself. Mister Barclay, I'm tired of seeing your name on report. I don't know what you got away with at your last posting, but this is the Enterprise. We set a different standard here. Understood? I guess the issue is whether Mister Barclay is Enterprise material. Young Mister Crusher started that. I guess it's caught on. In retrospect, I wonder if Captain Gleason wasn't buttering our bread a little. He knew we were looking for a diagnostic engineer. I've examined Barclay's psychological profile. He's a history of seclusive tendencies. It was noted at the Academy more than once. Do you think we'll need to put in to a starbase? Yet. Advise Mister Barclay to join us on the Bridge immediately. Fourteen hundred hours. Mister O'Brien, no maintenance on the transporters until further notice. Where is Mister Barclay? It's past fourteen hundred hours. Computer. Locate Lieutenant Barclay. No, I'll handle this. I've had it with him. I don't care what he's been running. I just ran out of patience. [Holodeck - Glade] (They find the three musketeers and the blue boy by the folly) This is a violation of protocol. Crewmembers should not be simulated in the holodeck. Well there ought to be. Computer, discontinue programme and erase. Counsellor? Stop it. Put that down. I don't have a sword. I don't expect to fight. Where is he? Where's Barclay? You think this is funny? Mister Barclay will find out what it means to be threatened. Computer, discontinue image of Riker. You want us to search through all this to find him? You call this healthy? Computer, belay that order! We want to get more insight into what's been troubling the poor man, remember? Quite a healthy fantasy life, wouldn't you say? (Geordi agrees) [Bridge] Dismissed. (further along) Estimated time to structural failure. Did you copy that, Geordi? Recommendations. [Engineering] Reroute systems to primary hull power sources. Working theories are fine, Geordi. [Corridor] We don't have much choice, do we? Injector status? Nice work, Geordi. [Cargo bay]
At warp six, we should be there in just over sixteen hours. [Jovis Cargo bay] (The rear hatch on shuttlepod Pike closes and Data gets into the pilot's seat) Why didn't the containment field hold? Eighty one kilos. Three weeks away, sir. I guess we're fortunate you had any at all, sir. The Grissom is near the Sigma Erani system. I'll alert them to stand by in case we need more hytritium. No possible explanation at all? Geordi, maybe if you get a little rest and came at this thing fresh. For an android with no feelings, he sure managed to evoke them in others. Worf would be my first choice, sir. Take us to half impulse, Mister Crusher. Area affected? Adjust target coordinates. Yes, sir. Doctor Crusher, join me in Transporter room three. Mister Worf? [Fajo's den] (Data is trying to imitate La Gioconda's smile. I wonder if this is one of the copies Doctor Who wrote 'this is a fake' on?) Are you saying it's not naturally occurring? If it's artificial, then we're talking about sabotage. Can you think of any reason a saboteur would choose tricyanate? Then it really was lucky, wasn't it, that we were able to find hytritium when we did. And just enough hytritium for this crisis? [Observation lounge] Fajo was in the right place at the right time just when we needed him most. Possibly. What could he want? A rare and valuable object? Fajo doesn't know that we're onto him, so he probably isn't taxing his engines at top speed. We could put out a coded level two query to all Federation outposts within the perimeter. Fajo spent more than half a day in orbit. Departed just over seven hours ago. Discharged? Welcome back, Mister Data. Are you all right? The arrangements have already been made. Mister O'Brien says the weapon was in a state of discharge.
I remember studying his career in school. The treaty of Alpha Cygnus Nine, the Coridan admission to the Federation, the Klingon Alliance. You? Tongue-tied? Is it true that he'll be retiring after this mission? We had planned a ship's concert this evening. If you'll follow me, sir. [Conference room] (There's a huge swimming pool filled with pink frothy gunk in the room) The way Mendrossen described him, I expected to see a frail old man. From what I could see, the Ambassador doesn't need to be protected from anything. For all we know, the Ambassador might enjoy an evening's entertainment Something wrong? I asked a question. Anything you'd like to talk about, Geordi? D'Amato's been an exemplary officer. Of course. (Picard sits next to Beverly) Yes, I checked in with Wesley and Geordi a few hours ago. There was a moment when I actually thought that the two of them were going to hit one each other. (Sarek and his party arrive. Everyone stands) I don't need to tell you that insubordination is a serious charge to level against any officer. Is it my imagination, or have tempers become a little frayed on this ship lately? Geordi, what the hell is going on here? All right, that's enough! (And he gets punched in the face) (Later, the staff are clearing up the broken furniture, and the medics the broken crew) He hasn't been doing a very good job. Someone has to confront him. I don't understand this. Everyone is protecting Sarek. His wife, Mendrossen, even you. The mission with the Legarans cannot be carried out with Sarek in this condition! (shouting) Then tell him that there is no way We're entering the Legaran system, sir. Shall I have Mister Worf contact their ambassador? Captain, I think you did the right thing. I'll be on the Bridge, sir. (Riker leaves) Very well. Yes, Ambassador. [Corridor] I take it the mind-meld was a success? Is Captain Picard all right? And the Ambassador? What will happen to him then? Mister O'Brien, stand by for transport.
Check and mate. Lwaxana, Deanna. Anything I can do for you? The point is, you've completed the upgrade well ahead of schedule. Very impressive. We'll have you back at Betazed in plenty of time to meet up with the Academy transport ship. Yes, Captain? Yes, sir. I think it's around here somewhere. Muktok live for hundreds of years. Here it is. (A low growing plant with a fluffy purple flower that chimes when you shake it) I remember a certain junior officer meeting a very serious psychologist. The best part about being assigned to Betazed. (as they kiss, they don't notice the flamboyantly dressed woman, and a tall man carrying picnic baskets) And you even brought provisions. Very thoughtful. Very tasty. So tell us, Lwaxana. The last time we met, you were looking for a husband. Did you have any luck? Try the oskoid. Very different. (A Ferengi beams in) What the? DaiMon Tog, I thought the Krayton left orbit hours ago. No, Tog! (And they all disappear. Mr. Homn returns, eating berries, and looks around somewhat bemused) [Holding cell] (They wake up in a large cell with a forcefield at the entrance. Two Ferengi are playing 3D chess outside) Lwaxana? Deanna? From the smell of things, I'd say we're aboard a Ferengi vessel. Tog must have missed that chapter in the Ferengi book of Etiquette. (taps his comm. badge) Enterprise? Must be too far out of range. (Riker tests the forcefield - it hurts) Well, she's bought us some time. Let's make the most of it. (to the chess players) I wouldn't do that. The hell you don't. You're two moves away from being mated. See, you should have listened to me. Now you've only got one possible escape. That wasn't it. (The other Ferengi makes his move, laughs and leaves) You should've moved the bishop. Don't listen to me. Forget the fact that I beat you in thirty moves. I was being polite. I could've won in twenty moves. Pawn to king's bishop three, Queen's level. [Tog's quarters] I'm sick of this game. Who's losing? I'm just tired of standing up. It's hard to play from in here. I can't even see the whole board. I might. What, do you think I'm going to try to escape? What would that get me? You've already got her. Besides, where would I go? Fine. Thanks for the game. Those Ferengi have iron jaws. (Riker releases Deanna) Tell Lwaxana to keep him relaxed while we call the cavalry. I've done everything I know how. It's no use. Without Tog's security code, I can't get near their communication system. Maybe I'm going about this in the wrong way. If I pick a minor subsystem, something non-essential. Like this. Warp field phase adjustment. All this does is suppress the subspace interference generated by the warp engines. Meaning if I set up a simple oscillation, I can send out a signal. The trick is to create a message that the Enterprise will understand but that the Ferengi will think is just normal subspace static. What's wrong? (Lwaxana is being tortured by the Ferengi mind probe. It hurts, a lot) Get away from her. Lwaxana, don't. I can't let you do this. None the worse for wear.
Sensors have discovered a small one-man spaceship crashed on the planet. From the size and shape of the wreckage, it appeared to be some kind of escape pod. Their control system was badly damaged, which is probably what caused the crash. This is all that was left from their computer system. Miss Henshaw. (Christi leaves and Riker enters the turbolift) Bridge. So, you and Miss Henshaw have been seeing a lot of each other. Is that all? I thought you'd been walking around with that smile on your face a lot longer than that. The only thing that's changed is you. If you say so. I don't remember the old Geordi having that much success with Miss Christi Henshaw. Warp nine point seven two? Whoever they are, they're in a big hurry to get here. [Sickbay - room four] (John has a big golden moment, and the alarm sounds) Tactical analysis. I know how I would feel if the situation were reversed, if they were in our territory holding a Federation citizen.
Anything from the surface? Sensors picking up any signs of life? Mister O'Brien [Transporter room] Then you're convinced it is the Borg? Obviously nothing we have now can stop them. It'll be dark there in thirty minutes. We've scheduled an away team for dawn. It's our poker night, Admiral. There's always an open seat for you. A Borg footprint? I've already assigned them to the away team. And I'll be with you as well, Commander. Every bit. Job? Which job? If I were, I'm sure you'll be the first to know. Poker's at seventeen hundred hours in my quarters. Deck eight. [Riker's quarters] (Troi is dealing five card stud) Now it's time for the long pants. There's your ten, and one hundred. Mister Data and our guest appear to be tardy. On whose authority? Commander Shelby. Walk with me, Commander. So without any regard to the risk of coming down alone My problem, Commander, is I expect to be notified before there's a change in my orders. Go ahead. I've also ordered a standing Yellow Alert. All Federation and allied outposts have been warned. Ops will continue to monitor long range sensors. I've assigned Data, La Forge and Mister Crusher to work with Commander Shelby. She knows her stuff. Well, I think she needs supervision. She takes the initiative a little too easily. Sometimes with risks. Perhaps. Sir? I've decided not to pursue that commission at this time. Yes, but she's not the Enterprise. With all due respect, sir, you need me. Particularly now. Are you telling me to leave, Captain? What am I still doing here? Deanna, I pushed myself hard to get this far. I sacrificed a lot. I always said I wanted my own command, and yet something's holding me back. Is it wrong for me to want to stay? Maybe I'm just afraid of the big chair. The Captain says Shelby reminds him of the way I used to be. And he's right. She comes in here full of drive and ambition. Impatient, taking risks. I look at her and I wonder whatever happened to those things in me? I liked those things about me. I've lost something. Seasoned. That's a horrible thing to say to a man. Maybe that's the problem. I'm too comfortable here. What kind of damage would we have to do to shut them down? Is there anything we can do here to adapt to our current defence systems? Commander, I think we should call it a night. That's an order. We'll reconvene at oh five hundred. You need rest, Commander. If we have a confrontation, I don't want a crew fighting the Borg at the same time they're fighting their own fatigue. Dismissed. [Observation lounge] All hands will stand to battle stations. Data, is it the same ship we faced at J two five? What the hell do they want with you? Shield status? They have the ability to analyse and adapt, Commander. (The ship shakes) [Engineering] Reverse engines. Geordi, evacuate Engineering. [Engineering] Damage report, Geordi? Repair teams to Engineering. Seal hull breach. How do we do that? But if we could get further away, increase the deflector's range. Proceed. I'll inform the Captain. We may need the power from the saucer impulse engines. It's too great a risk. Commander, I bring all the alternatives to the Captain's attention. That'll be all. (Shelby, Wesley and Data leave) How long? She gets a full head of steam, doesn't she. I am too. Don't worry about it. I can handle Shelby. [Ready room] I'm sorry if she troubled you, sir. I have already informed her Very good, sir. [Turbolift] Halt. Commander, you and I need to have a conversation. You disagree with me, fine. You need to take it to the Captain, then fine. Through me. You do an end run around me again, I'll snap you back so hard, you'll think you're a first year cadet again. By all means. Really? How terrible for you. When it comes to this ship and this crew, you're damned right I play it safe. They're some kind of magnetometric guided charges. (The nebula is lighting up like a thunderstorm) Damage report? Fire up the engines. Half impulse until we clear the nebula, then punch it to warp nine. It's no use. They've already adapted to the new frequencies. (Riker tries hand to hand, and gets thrown across the Bridge. Worf is pushed off with one hand. A third Borg appears next to Picard, grabs him and beams away with him. The other Borg then vanish, the dead one leaving a dark stain on the carpet) Maintain pursuit. Stay with them. Riker to O'Brien. Can you get a fix on the Captain? Senior officers, report to the Bridge. Earth. [Borg ship] (Picard is escorted to a balcony, where everyone 'talks' at him) How soon before the deflector's ready? I'm leading an away team over there to get the Captain back. We'll find a way to bring them out of warp. Ensign Crusher, you continue to assist Mister La Forge. Commander Shelby, you'll take the Bridge and coordinate with Starfleet. Data, Worf, Doctor, you're with me. Those are my orders, Commander. Commander Shelby, you'll lead the away team. Make it so. First officer's log, stardate 43998.5. Our pursuit of the Borg continues on a course that will take us to the very core of the Federation. The devastation they could bring is beyond imagination. [Transporter room] We've got fifty eight minutes before we have to power down and disengage. Proceed. Commander [Transporter room] I strongly recommend redeploying all available defences to protect sector zero zero one, Admiral. Twenty two minutes if they stay at current speed. If we can't bring them out of warp, we'll do as much damage as we can before we have to disengage. Nothing yet, sir. [Borg ship] Go ahead. Stand by, Commander. Radiation danger? Commander Shelby [Borg ship] Go to impulse. Move us to within forty thousand kilometres. Match velocity. Commence arming sequence. Increase deflector modulation to upper frequency band. [Borg ship] (Borg approach the away team. They shoot at least two each) The Captain? Altered? Is the deflector ready? This is our only chance to destroy them. If they get back into warp, our weapon is useless. We can't maintain power. We don't have the time. Prepare to fire. Belay that order, Lieutenant. There's no time. On screen. Mister Worf. Fire. To Be Continued <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
How do we do that? This is our only chance to destroy them. If they get back into warp, our weapon is useless. Mister Worf? Fire. And now, the conclusion. [Bridge] Cease fire. They couldn't have adapted that quickly. As we anticipated, the blast burned out our main navigational deflector. We also have damage to our shields and our reactor core. The Enterprise'll be there, sir. Maybe a little late, but we'll be there, sir. Likewise. Good luck, Admiral. Mister Crusher suggests we might design a chip that would automatically retune the phasers to a random setting after each discharge. Engineering. We should also see if there's some way that we can neutralise their forcefields. We've got to let them know that we can adapt too, Mister Worf. We're no longer just fighting the Borg, we're fighting the life experience they've stolen from Captain Picard. Now how the hell do we defeat an enemy that knows us better than we know ourselves? I hope it's enough. [Engineering] How soon do we get underway, Geordi? The warp reactor core? Good. Yes. You did a good job on the Borg ship. You stopped them. You gave us our shot. Commander, we don't have to like each other to work well together. As a fact of fact, I'd like you to continue to keep me on my toes. Damn, you are ambitious, aren't you, Shelby. And you have a lot to learn, Commander. Almost as much as I had to learn when I came aboard as Captain Picard's first officer. A fact he reminded me of when I commented on what a pain in the neck you are. Go ahead, Data. On screen. Admiral? (The image is very broken up. He's bouncing around a lot) Lieutenant Worf, everyone in this room shares my respect for your service to this ship. But right now, I need your experience at tactical. Commander Data, I realise your very nature omits ambition. Nevertheless, I want you to know I seriously considered you first officer. But this is not the time for change. I need you all where you are, where Captain Picard always relied on you. I have been, reluctantly, forced to conclude that Commander Shelby, our expert on the Borg, is an ideal choice at this time for first officer. Based on our latest communication, we can assume that the Borg survived the fleet's attack. Your thoughts on our next encounter? How long would it take to execute that? I'm sure Captain Picard would have something meaningful and inspirational to say right now. To tell you the truth, I wish he were here, because I'd like to hear it too. I know how difficult this transition has been for all of you. I can take over for him, but I could never replace Captain Picard. Nor would I ever try. Whatever the outcome, I'm sure our efforts in the coming battle will justify his faith in all of us. Dismissed. [Ready room] (to the empty chair) What would you do? (doorbell) Come. Actually, Guinan, I What's on your mind? I'm not sure anyone can. I'll do the best I can. Maybe you haven't heard. I tried to kill him yesterday. No. It's not that simple. This was his crew. He wrote the book on this ship. On my way. [Bridge] Slow to impulse. Take us to the battle coordinates, Mister Crusher. Yellow alert. The fleet? Life signs? On screen. (Fragments of starships, some with flashes of fires still burning) Data, analysis? Ensign Crusher, set in a course that follows those currents. Commander Shelby, prepare to initiate your plan to separate the saucer section when we find the Borg. I'm aware of that, Commander. In fact, I'm counting on it. Mister Data, Mister Worf? I have a special mission for you. [Borg ship] (The Borg ship drops out of warp. A fully Borgified Picard looks at the Enterprise approaching) We wish to end the hostilities. We are prepared to meet to discuss your terms. Come now, Locutus. If Picard's knowledge and experience is part of you, then you know I've never lied to him. You should also implicitly trust me, is that not so? Then trust me now. Meet to discuss terms. Mister Gleason, can you pinpoint the source of the Borg transmission? O'Brien, report. [Transporter room] We would like time to prepare our people for assimilation. Then take your best shot, Locutus, because we're about to intervene. Reset subspace communications. Scrambler code, Riker One Shelby, report. [Bridge] Open fire, all weapons. [Bridge] Evasive manoeuvres, pattern Riker Alpha. Just as you should, Captain. Ensign, evasive pattern, Riker Beta. Proceed to second phase, Commander Shelby. [Bridge] Data, cut your engines. Take her in unpowered. [Shuttlecraft] Proceed. [Borg ship] (Worf and Data materialise, and head towards Picard the Borg. They each shoot two drones before Worf goes hand to hand with Picard. Data shoots a third drone) Beam them out of there, Mister O'Brien. [Transporter room] Stand by, Mister La Forge. Prepare to draw their fire. Rendezvous with the saucer section. Lay in a course of pursuit. [Sickbay] Can you revive him? We don't have more time, Doctor. Once he was wired into the Borg, they knew everything that he knew. I just hope it goes both ways. If we're lucky, he had access to everything we need to know about them, especially their vulnerabilities. That's right. (Picard sits up slowly) Can't we block them? The injured Borg immediately self-destructed. We have to find a way to reach him. We must know what he knows Take him to your lab, Data. Go ahead. [Bridge] Planetary defences? Ensign Crusher, at their current speed, when will they reach Earth? The soonest we could intercept? Riker to Data. [Data's lab] Slow to impulse. Time to intercept? Can you communicate with him, Data? [Data's lab] Time to intercept? They're worried. They're worried because we've got access to Picard. Mister Data, we have two minutes to figure out what we can do with it. [Data's lab] What do you mean, Doctor? One jumps off a cliff, they all jump off? Data, is it possible to plant a command into the Borg collective consciousness? [Data's lab] Make every effort, Mister Data. Something straightforward, like disarm your weapons systems. Magnify. Red alert. Load all torpedo bays. Ready phasers. Status of Borg weapons? Data? [Data's lab] Rotate shield frequencies. Data, report? [Data's lab] Fire all weapons. [Data's lab] Mister Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship. You heard me. A collision course. Mister La Forge, prepare to go to warp power. Mister Crusher? Engage. Stand by, all stations. [Data's lab] Negative, Mister Worf. Mister Data, your final report. I can't, Mister Data. Mister Data, what the hell happened? [Data's lab] To sleep? Status of Borg power drive? Electromagnetic field? Commander Shelby, take an away team and confirm that the Borg are asleep. Any indication to how long we can keep them like this? [Borg ship] Stand by. I don't think so. Data, separate yourself from Captain Picard. Away Team, get yourselves home. Mister Crusher, upon their return move us to a safe position. How much do you remember? And Earth Station McKinley has advised they're ready to begin refitting the Enterprise. Five or six weeks. (doorbell) Everyone is so concerned about my next job. With all due respect, Commander, sir, my career plans are my own business, and no one else's. But it's nice to know I'll have a few options. Course to Station McKinley ready and laid in, sir.
Doctor Crusher and her assistants are waiting in Transporter room three. Is there any way to detect their self-destruct device? Or the away team's tricorders. Right. Yes, sir. [Talarian ship] I am Commander Riker of the Federation Starship Enterprise. We will evacuate you and give you medical care. You will not be harmed. Captain, this appears to be a basic training ship. Five boys, all teens, all wearing uniforms. What is it? Rossa? I heard another Rossa was killed in action at the Krasner outpost. You're welcome, I'm sure. They won't back off. They've been willing to fight to the death in past encounters. You really think Endar would go along with that? How was the racquetball? Access your data banks under humour, subheading slapstick. Now do you see why it's funny? Who would have thought we'd see him laugh out loud like that? On screen. Any communication, Lieutenant Worf? Riker to La Forge. The Talarians are moving [Engineering] Here we go. On screen. This is Commander Riker. What are your intentions, Captain Endar? He has been injured. I am in command now. I'm afraid that won't be possible. Last night, Jono attacked Captain Picard and tried to murder him. We're holding him in custody. He will have to come with us now, Endar. It is up to Starfleet to decide the consequences. Red alert. Ready all weapons, Mister Worf. [Sickbay] (Jono is escorted by two security officers) On screen. Our intentions have not changed, Endar. We're returning him to Starfleet.
Well Mister Potts, why don't we start at the beginning? I'm familiar with the game. Go on. So you made your nine year old brother believe that he'd killed you? And then he ran away? And while he was hiding he ate the fruit of a cove palm. Are you aware of the infectious nature of the parasites which inhabit cove palm? Are you also familiar with the terms I agreed to keep you boys on the Enterprise when your parents went on sabbatical? Mister Data? Think about it, Mister Potts. And while you're at it, think about what may have happened had we not been this close to a starbase medical facility. (Data enters) Were you able to contact the boy's parents? Good. Escort this young man to the quarantine anteroom. Perhaps he could assist us in lifting his brother's spirits. Back so soon, Mister Data? (Data goes to his station and starts tapping in commands) Course set by whom? Data, who programmed the new coordinates? Turbolifts two, three, four, everyone. La Forge, let's get a diagnostic sweep underway. We're still at the altered heading, Captain, holding at warp nine point three. What the hell is he up to? I've got a clear path to panel J14 baker. What's that going to do for us? Have they reinverted the environmental control sequencer? Then you and Casey get up here. Let's get to it. [Bridge] What the hell was that? Great. Just great. [Engineering] The only way we knew we'd come out of warp was by looking out a window. This has gone far enough, Data. What's he doing? Does that mean he'll be able to (Data is beamed away) [Soong's lab] (It's a lush jungle planet, with insect and bird sounds. There in the midst is a typical mad scientist lair, all coloured liquids, electricity in a jar, books scattered on most surfaces, a skull on a shelf. Data enters and stands still. A figure in loose clothing and slippers is currently up a ladder. He descends, showing himself to be a very old man who looks rather like Data.) Beverly thinks its going to be tight. Let's hope he didn't take us too far off course. Well, at least that's something. What have you got? Geordi, if the computer's programmed to allow Data to transport down, it would figure that it would allow him to beam back up. Right? And Data would have left a trace imprint when he beamed down? So what would be involved in pulling that trace and finding a way to make the computer think someone else is Data? Maybe a few someone else's? Nobody knows the transporters better than O'Brien and La Forge. They tell me they've managed more than a little sleight of hand with our authorisation codes. The computer should think all three of us are Data. [Transporter room] I just hope we don't all beam back looking like Data. And Data? Set them on stun. [Soong's lab] Worf. (La Forge and Riker help Soong, who is just recovering consciousness) It's all right. Take it easy. That's impossible. Soong's dead. Here. Let me. (He switches Data back on so Worf can put him down) Would you mind telling me what's going on here? Tried to tell who? Damn it, Data, what's going on? Mister Data, there's a very sick little boy onboard the Enterprise who's not getting any better. We're dead in the water until you get us out of here. We'll discuss it later, Mister Data. Doctor, you're coming with us, too. You need to get to Sickbay.
Thank you. Please take that to Engineering. (Crewwoman leaves with PADD, Worf enters) Already? You're just too damned efficient, Lieutenant. Continue with the testing, Mister Worf. Here's the final schedule for the shore leave and for the personnel transfers. By the way, I'm looking forward to meeting your parents. They're on the visitors' list. You didn't know? Well, I'm not sure that I would either, Worf, since this isn't a Klingon ship. If you don't want to see your parents, that's your business, but we don't get to Earth all that often. I'm sure we can arrange for you to have more off duty time while they're here. Dismissed. Mister Worf, if you're worried that they might learn about what happened on the Klingon planet
Prepare for umbilical disconnect. Clear all moorings. Engineering, aft thrusters. Captain? Aye, sir. Station keeping. Proceed. [Bridge]
Are you trying to fill another inside straight, Worf? Don't say I didn't warn you. No cards? The best poker face I've ever seen. Dealer takes two. Your three and ten more. Data, Have you got a flush or a full house? Dealer folds. You're getting harder and harder to bluff, Data. You've learned this game very well. Tell you what. I'll bet that I can find any card that you hide in this deck. And furthermore, I will make you help me find it. Pick a card. Don't let me see it. (Jack of hearts) Now lose it in the deck. Cut the deck into two even piles. (Riker removes one pile) Okay. Once more time. And again. How many cards? Take five. Throw them away. (He does, literally, over his shoulder) Pick three more. Okay, now pick one of those. Is that your card? (Yes, it is.) Captain? Get them out of there, O'Brien. (There's a bright flash on the viewscreen) Status, O'Brien? Let's hope they stay clear of the colony. They haven't been able to maintain reliable communications since their government fell apart. Have you located the escape pod's landing point, Chief? She's coming. The Arcos crewmen may require immediate medical assistance. Phasers on maximum stun. Energise. [Tunnel] (very man-made, with iron bars, neon signs, and other metallic detritus) Hardly the response we expected. We're from the Federation Starship Enterprise. We tracked two of our crewmen to this area. Do you know anything about them? What do you mean? (A light on the man's chest flashes yellow) The Alliance? Maybe I should take this to the authorities. Are you offering to help us? Everything we've seen would indicate otherwise. We'll return to the Enterprise and consider your proposal. Riker to Enterprise. Energise. (The team beam away) According to Hayne, the Coalition and the Alliance raid each other for supplies, much of it non-essential. Their defences apparently prevent deep strikes into each other's territory. Minor skirmishes are all that's left. We have to tell them something. She could be a fake. We told him a member of our crew was from the colony. The Coalition and the Alliance are all that's left? We could transfer the away team right into this intersection. That won't give us enough time. We need to occupy them long enough for you to install the relay. Too dangerous. We've seen what those tunnels look like. You could easily be cut off from the rest of us. Worf, if we I'd like to discuss this with the Captain. Take Ishara down to see Doctor Crusher. [Sickbay] The Captain approves. You're with us. [Level 3C, 547] (The shuttlepod is under guard) Enterprise, we're in position. [Transporter room] Geordi, what is taking so long? Can you fix it? How long will that take? Do it. O'Brien, lock onto Ishara and get her out of here! [Transporter room] Stand by. Stay here and cover La Forge. That's an order. Return to the ship as soon as you're finished. I'll signal for transport as soon as I can. [Tunnel] (Ishara is hit by weapon fire. Her assailant is bending over her when Riker shoots him. More Alliance arrive as Riker picks her up) Get us out of here. [Transporter room] A couple of cracked ribs. She'll be all right. After what she did for us down there, that doesn't surprise me one bit. We lost Tasha on an away team under my command. The thought of the same thing happening to her sister Understood, Captain. So much for the transporter. It's a real maze down there. This is something you're going to have to decide for yourself, Ishara. Think about it while we're waiting for Geordi. [Ten Forward] Waiting for your signal, sir. [Bridge] Ishara? Hold out your hands. (He uses his phaser to undo their handcuffs) (Meanwhile, Ishara is heading off somewhere else. She shoots a guard, but he manages to use his weapon to set off an alarm) Let's get moving. [Tunnel] Where is she? What the hell happened here? Worf, get these men back to the Enterprise. Data, you're with me. [Power generator room] (Ishara takes out the guard, then breaks into the generator's control panel and taps in commands) Ishara! (She fires at Riker and Data stuns her. Then he goes to the control panel and stops the overload) What was she doing? (looking at her phaser) Set to kill. [Bridge] (Ishara is back in her old clothes) You're not in a position to dictate to anybody. She attacked two Federation officers. Don't talk about legal rights. Your jurisdiction is based entirely on the threat of violence. What do you know about (Picard signals him to be quiet) You're far more charitable than I would have been, Captain. Come in. (Data enters) Data, what's on your mind? I know what you mean. Make that we. Data, sit down. In all trust, there is the possibility of betrayal. I'm not sure you were prepared for that. I don't think anybody ever is. Without trust, there's no friendship, no closeness. None of the emotional bonds that make us what we are. Every single time. Perhaps. (Data walks back out into the corridor, and looks at the proximity chip that Ishara gave him) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Mister Data? Did Starfleet mention any Klingon ships in this sector? All stop, Mister Crusher. War over what? It could have been hidden anywhere in that room. The Romulans. [Observation lounge] A new Klingon alliance with the Romulans? Duras or Gowron? Normally? It's considered an honourable way for a Klingon to die, a suicide that takes an enemy with it. Which one of them was it? Riker to Lieutenant Worf. Computer, locate Lieutenant Worf. On my way. [Duras' quarters] He's coming back with us one way or another. Set phasers on maximum stun. [Duras' quarters] (The fight is underway, and the two are evenly matched) Worf! (Worf deals the killing blow anyway) (The Klingon ships depart) [Ready room]
Music lessons. [Bridge] Any life signs? Geordi, Worf, you're with me. Toxic? What about energy readings? Riker here. [Bridge] Transporter Room. [Transporter room] Beverly? Captain? (He catches sight of his reflection. There's a little grey in the beard) (After the opening titles) Confused. What has happened? What happened to Sickbay? To you? To me? Captain? I am Commander William T Riker. What is going on here? Alpha Onias three. The Enterprise had been probed. Geordi, Worf, and I transported down to track the source. That's not possible. Could you be more specific? But what happened to my memory? Doctor. I don't believe this. Is this a dream? The Enterprise. For how long? If I have lost my memory, how do I get it back? Like a song reminds you of an old friend. Then let's get started. There's nothing more familiar than the Enterprise. Maybe that'll bring back some What about Geordi and Worf? Were they infected too? Speaking of Klingons Belay that order. My life was on the main Bridge. Always has been. If anything's going to jog my memory. Main Bridge. I said main Bridge. Geordi. (He has normal eyes) Your eyes. What happened to your visor? Commander Data. You're my First Officer? Data, I haven't remembered a day for the last sixteen years. Shields up. Red alert. Cancel red alert. Clearly I need to be briefed. On screen. (A bearded Picard, and a uniformed Troi by his side) Admiral Picard. Deanna. I've felt better. That's an understatement. I can't even Transporter room six. I could get used to the idea of a Ferengi ensign, but Admiral Picard on a Romulan warbird? What is that all about? Whenever you're ready, Chief. (Picard and Troi are beamed aboard) I'm not exactly sure you can call it a recovery, sir. I have trouble believing it myself. What negotiations? What treaty? How far have these negotiations progressed? Captain. Admiral. I am in no condition to negotiate with the Romulans or with anyone else. With a sixteen year gap in my head? Sir, I'm not fit to resume command. When do we leave? I hope so. Good idea. I've had enough surprises for one day. [Riker's quarters] I'm sorry. Why didn't you warn me? Well, it made an impact alright. Jean-Luc. Deanna, who's his mother? I have no recollection of her at all. What was she like? Well, if she was married to me, she had to be patient. I can't imagine you leaving the Enterprise. I've heard better. You're putting too much pressure on the mouthpiece. Relax the embouchure. Don't use any muscles you don't need. Left hand. Right hand. (does a quick scale, then goes into Misty, and gets the 'helpless' note wrong again) Sixteen years, you'd think I'd be able to hit that note. Computer. Summarise service record. Riker, William T, Captain. Begin with the Fornax disaster. Service record, Riker, William T. (nothing) Damn it. Computer lag. I can't believe Geordi's still running his diagnostic. (finally something comes up on the desk monitor) On my way. I'd better go. Better than I am. I'm trying to catch up with all this. I've still got a long way to go. A long way. Beam him aboard. (Every one say hi! to Andreas Katsoulis, our favourite Romulan) Ambassador Tomalak? At Nelvana three, he threatened to take the hull of the Enterprise home as a war trophy. As I hope it will benefit mine. Main Bridge. Thank you, Ambassador. [Bridge] Excuse me. Admiral, Deanna, I need a moment with you. Commander Data, if you would accompany the Ambassador on his tour. Excuse us, Ambassador. Are you saying you trust Tomalak? Are you sure? You've always said it's a chess game with the Romulans. Move, counter move, guile and deceit. No cause for concern? We're talking about revealing the location of Outpost twenty three, the key to all of our defences in the Neutral Zone. What is it, Doctor? Are you alright? What happened? How'd this happen? Parrises squares? At your age? You could break your neck! I'll be right back. (they walk away) Alright, I was probably a little younger than he is. It's just that, for all practical purposes, this is my first day as a father and he almost kills himself. You're right. It's difficult. Thanks. How's the arm? There is nothing more important than this, son. [Turbolift] Halt. I know how hard this is for you. No, okay's not good enough. When I was your age, my own father he wasn't there for me. And I really needed him. I've often wondered what kind of father I'd be. I never felt quite ready. The idea even scared me a little. Yeah. But I guess I got over it. You're here. Resume. It's important to me that I don't let you down, Jean-Luc. I'll have to take your word for that because I don't remember any of it. Your first step, your first tooth, nothing. And I want to remember. I guess there's only one thing we can do. We've got to build some new memories. [Corridor] I'm not sure it's still in the memory banks, but I used to have a great fishing programme on the holodeck. You know it? Would you like to go again? Well as soon as these negotiations are out of the way, you and I are going fishing. I'm not sure I want to remember that. What was she like? Computer. Display family record. Riker. William T. Limit to visual. (the wall monitor shows a movie of Riker and young J-L having fun) Display family record. Riker, Mrs. William T. Damn. The computer still isn't working properly. I can't get a visual of your mother. Min! Minuet. Yes. Riker here. On my way. [Bridge] What's the problem? Why? We're on the edge of the Neutral Zone on impulse power, and you're not concerned? Like you tracked down that faulty processing accelerator? For thirty hours? It would never take you more than four. You're incapable of that level of incompetence, Mister La Forge. Worf, where did you get that scar? What battle? When? Which sector? Which unit? Mister Data, if we left immediately, when would we arrive at Outpost twenty three? How about at warp seven? (pause) At warp eight? At warp nine? What's the matter, Data? What happened to those millions of calculations per second? What did you say? No! That's not what you said. You said I can't. You used a contraction, didn't you? No you can't. Don't even try. (Picard, Troi and Tomalak have come out of the ready room) Shut up! I said, shut up. As in close your mouth and stop talking. Deanna, back off. Well, would anyone else like to speak up? Or shall we end this charade? The Enterprise? my son you created it all. It wasn't. There was a computer time lag, for one thing. To smash your house of cards? No. It was the visual record of my wife, Minuet. Bad move. Your mistake, Tomalak. Minuet was nothing more than a computer generated fantasy I once experienced on another holodeck. She was part of a very special programme. If it was Outpost twenty three you were after, why didn't you use your neural scanners to probe my mind? Gaps? From what I saw, I find that hard to believe. You recreated the Enterprise, the crew, every nuance and smell, sound, with perfect accurate. I didn't see any gaps. I don't buy it, Tomalak. My colleagues, where are they? My people won't stop looking for me, Tomalak. Jean-Luc? What have you done to him? What's your name? (the boy backs away from him) Whoa. If we're going to get out of here, you're going to have to trust me. Easy, I'm not going to hurt you. Who are you? How did you get here? My name is Will. Miridian six? On the edge of the Neutral Zone? I thought that was uninhabited. It's odd that the Enterprise wasn't advised. Where are your parents now? Do you know why the Romulans are keeping you here? I'll get us out of here, Ethan. You escaped? Ethan, no! That secret hiding place of yours? (he shoots another guard) Their sensors should have picked us up. Heavy metals? How many guards in the shuttlebay? If we stole a shuttlecraft, that would get us nowhere. The Romulans could follow their own ship to easily. But if we broke into their communications system, we could send a message to the Enterprise. Do you know whose voice activates it? Who? Ambassador Tomalak? Tomalak is a Romulan Captain. The only time he was ever called Ambassador was in a holodeck fantasy. How do you know about that? Who are you? What is your part in all this? (noises off) But you said their sensors didn't work in this tunnel. Where are we going to go, Ethan? I've had enough. (the barricade is knocked down) No more games. No more fantasies. I'm not going to play anymore. (and the Romulans and the store room vanish) [Cavern] It was never the Romulans. It was you all along, wasn't it? [Bridge] Geordi and Worf? But I think I'm about to find out. Stand by. What shall I call you? Ethan? Jean-Luc? This room, it's more than a holodeck, isn't it? Everything I wanted? You probed the Enterprise. You lured us here so you could play games with me. I didn't want that, you did. Why? They found her, didn't they? Anything? Then why did you kidnap me? I have to return to my ship. Come with me. You don't have to stay here anymore. You don't have to be alone anymore. (the boy transforms into a grey alien with big eyes and very long fingers) To me, you'll always be Jean-Luc. Two to transport. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Any other ships in that sector? Ensign Allenby, set a course for the Gamelan system. Warp six. Origin? Could that be leakage from their engines? Mister Worf, open a hailing frequency. Chairman Songi, this is Commander Riker on board the Enterprise. It appears you've inherited someone else's problem. An old waste vessel caught by your planet's gravitational pull. We'll do our best to get it out of here as quickly as possible. We're going to push that barge into the Gamelan sun. Then we'll have to take it ourselves. We'll use our deflectors clear a path through the asteroids. Do you have a better idea, Geordi? Tell them we have an emergency situation. We'll begin a search as soon as we've completed that. Mister La Forge, prepare to launch the construction module. I'd like to get this over with as fast as possible. [Moon's surface] (They've fashioned headdresses for themselves, and Wesley is working in the shadow of the shuttle) Tell them to stand by. If this works, we'll be on our way. Initiate prefire sequence. Fire thrusters. Gradual acceleration to forty percent power. (The scow begins to move, but one thruster flies off on its own) Shut down thrusters. Ensign, take us to one thousand metres ahead of the barge and hold. Worf, extend shields around the ship. Lock on the tractor beam. Allenby, set a new course. We'll take it through the asteroid belt ourselves. One quarter impulse. Doctor Crusher to the Bridge. Mister Data, I'll a projection of the radiation's impact on the crew. Mister Worf, contact the mining settlement. Tell them we won't be joining the search for awhile. [Cavern] (they emerge from tunnels into a lit cavern with a fountain in the middle) Mister Data, at our current speed, how long will it take us to get through the asteroid belt? Mister La Forge, how much more can we get out of that tractor beam? Let's see if we can establish a new upper limit. Reduce power. Geordi, you've got to stabilise that tractor beam. Do it. Proceed, Mister La Forge. On screen. Prepare to cut the barge loose. Let it go. [Cave] Are you certain? So what is it? If only one of his thrusters was out, he could still have set down somewhere. Then we'll search them again. Have the miners searched them? Which one is the closest one to the debris coordinates? Set a course, Ensign. [Cave]
All senior staff report to the Observation Lounge. Ship's stabilisers.
Well, it's a very special day. I thought the father of the bride would enjoy being relieved early on the wedding day. Nervous? Anything to report? Very well. I have the Bridge. Begin day watch. Charming woman. That will take us very close to the Neutral Zone, Captain. Lay in the course. And just as the headsman swings his axe, the blade is about to fall (cannot hear above Data's thoughts) Picard to the Bridge. All stop. Slow to half impulse. O'Brien, what happened down there? Could there have been some kind of interference from the Romulans? A second transporter signal? From where? To make us believe she had died as a result of the malfunction' Heading for home. Shields up. Load all torpedo bays. Stand by phasers. T'Pel. Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you.
Even with a treaty, they're still skittish about protecting their border. What the hell is he doing? Damage report. I tend to agree with Mister Worf, Captain. I think we should limit their access while they're on board. They don't need to have the run of the ship. Yes, sir. [Transporter room] (Three Cardassians arrive and look around) Welcome to the Enterprise. I'm First Officer William Riker, Counsellor Deanna Troi. This is our Transporter Chief, Mister O'Brien. Shall we? (Troi gives O'Brien a concerned look) Captain's Log, supplemental. We have entered Cardassian territory, and are proceeding on our quest to locate the Phoenix. [Observation lounge] (the Cardassians have removed their 'helmets') We're scanning Sector twenty one five oh five now. There's still no sign of the Phoenix. In fact, we have no idea where it is. We thought the last known coordinates were a reasonably good place to start. Welcome aboard, sir. I'm Commander Riker, First Officer. Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. [Ready room] Captain Jean-Luc Picard. Captain Benjamin Maxwell. Data, project his new course. Captain, Chief O'Brien was Maxwell's Tactical officer. Slow to impulse. Has the Phoenix activated its weapon systems? What about the Cardassians? He'd never drop his shields and allow you to transport on board.
We've received an emergency transmission from the science station on Ventax Two, sir. Uncertain. The signal was interrupted. On screen. (a very static-laden image) I'll arrange to have him transported on board. Could she be another refugee from the Q continuum? She must be tapping into some sort of power source to produce these effects. She's not hiding that up her sleeve. We are not impressed by your magic tricks. Bonus?
Captain, I suggest we move to a safer location. It could reappear at any moment. Point five four parsecs from our original position. Almost a day's travel in just thirty seconds? Reports coming in now. Nothing serious so far. We're lucky we didn't end up half way across the galaxy in the middle of next week. Wait a minute. Didn't your readings indicate a class M planet before we passed through the wormhole, Data? Captain. It seems awfully strange that a malfunctioning sensor would give such a specific misreading of a planet. I would have thought that a time-space disturbance would have caused a lot more confusion than that. No objection. Whatever it was it seems something Data doesn't want to tell us about. But our sensors were malfunctioning. Our probe clearly established the planet could not support life. If he rigged it, could you prove it? What happened? M-class. Nickel-iron core, nitrogen-oxygen atmosphere. Affirmative. Sir? Maybe by uncovering all this, we run the risk of upsetting the stalemate. Maybe we should leave well enough alone. Too slow to be a photon torpedo. Maintain shields at full intensity. So the crew wakes up and thinks they've been through a wormhole, count their blessings and keep going. And here we are. Deanna? Current position? No damage in Engineering. We could launch a probe.
What happened? I was caught in the riots when the police moved in. It's the last thing I remember. Rivas. Rivas Jakara. In the Marta community on the southern continent. No, I have no family. I can't stay here. I have to get back. I had cosmetic surgery to correct a genetic birth defect. Yes, isn't that something? My father's were the same way. I understand your confusion. My personal physician is much more familiar with these genetic irregularities. To be honest, I would much feel better back home under her care. Crusher. Actually, I'm not sure you'll be able to reach her. She's taking a sabbatical. It's just a toy. I was taking home as a present. It's for a neighbour's child. Was there anything else found? I had one piece of jewelry, a metal pin. Obviously there's been some misunderstanding. Not one of you? Do you realise what you're saying? Well, it's far more likely that I am a weather balloon than an alien. I'm another case for the medical journals, then. Good. Because there's nothing to be afraid of. Can you help me get out of here? No, I'm not an alien. I really have to leave. To the right? Fine, let's do it. Well, you know why. I don't belong here. I have to get back on my ship, in space. Now, will you help me? What? Listen, Miss Lanel, I really have to get going. All the other aliens are waiting for me. It's not that easy. There are differences in the way that my people make love. But it's Thanks. I'll call you the next time I pass through your star system. (Riker heads off down the corridor, but gets spotted) Please bring my people here. No. We're here on a mission of peace. It's only used for defence. No.
What type of radiation signature? Well, we're way ahead of schedule. Alter course for Alpha Omicron. [Engineering] Any records of similar phenomena in Starfleet listings? Alert science stations to standby. Tell them to coordinate all efforts with Commander Data. Then it was constructed by someone? Mister Worf, begin compiling readings for transmission to Starfleet Headquarters. Mister Data, prepare to launch three level-five probes. Ensign, aft thrusters. Standard observation posture. Stand by, Mister Data. Red alert! Riker to Doctor Crusher. All decks prepare for radiation protocol. Could this be some sort of tissue regeneration? Another entity. We could use our phasers as a scalpel. I think it needs a little more help. We're not staying? It might be wise to put some distance between us before we initiate warp drive. Increase to half impulse. Report. Which brings up the question of how do we get Junior off the hull once we get there. It was headed for an asteroid belt. We could leave the child here. If Data's right, it would have an ample supply of food. Is it trying to communicate? Take the engines offline. Supplement with auxiliary power only. All decks go to emergency level seven. Life support and critical operations only. Weapons status? Bring the engines online and take us out of here.
That's the Brittain, all right. Engines? Doctor Crusher, report to Transporter room three. Worf. Data. And more over here. Whoever did this could still be on the ship. Let's give it a try. What's wrong? Ensign Lin. Geordi, what's going on down there? Just like the Brittain. Captain's log, stardate 44639.9. The Enterprise has now been adrift for a total of ten days. We have sent subspace distress calls, but because of our distant location, we cannot expect a response for at least another two weeks. [Observation lounge] Couldn't we replicate the elements that Tyken used? The only one who doesn't seem affected by all this is Data. [Turbolift] Bridge. Sir? No. I'd be a liar if I said I felt like myself. I've had to bite my tongue to keep from snapping at people. A couple of times, I've gone to my quarters and felt as if there was someone in there, waiting for me. Yes, sir. Deck eight. (Riker leaves and Picard shudders) [Riker's quarters] (Riker keeps hearing floorboards creak behind him) [Turbolift] (Picard sees the ceiling coming down towards him) Nothing. It just fizzled out.
And Hickman? And five years later, the away team that was investigating their disappearances have started to disappear themselves. If he stays at that speed, he'll self-destruct. He's panicking. Worf, Data, Geordi. Commander. [Tarchannen] (the same location as the sensor logs. There is a shuttlepod from 45167 on the surface, named Cousteau. The away team beam in) Commander Leijten, Geordi, check out the shuttle. Data, Worf, you've got the perimeter. Riker to Susanna, report. Fan out. Let's find her. Any luck? Negative. There's no indication that he's left the ship. Geordi's uniform. [Transporter room] (the door opens, and a transparent blur rushes in) Can you modify an emergency beacon to operate on UV? Aye, sir. [Engineering] How long, Data? Go ahead. Acknowledged. He's on foot, couldn't have gotten too far. Let's assume a radius of ten kilometres. We've got to narrow that down. What's happening with the enhanced sensor arrays? We've got to find a way to track him. What about the high-resolution EM scans? Geordi doesn't have several hours. Excellent. Doctor Crusher, meet us in Transporter room six immediately. [Sickbay] What about the ultraviolet?
Bravo! Data, because it's polite. What about the computer systems? That's some kind of probe. I'll bet that's what damaged the array. Any indication of the probe's energy source, Data? Shields up. Ensign, take us away from it. One quarter impulse. We can't use photon torpedoes. An explosion this close could cripple us. Riker to La Forge. Can you increase phaser power? [Engineering] Nothing. At warp two? We're too close. Mister Barclay. Everyone's still trying to figure out exactly how you did it. Uh huh. I see that. [Observation lounge] So all eighteen reactors were affected when the computer was damaged? How long will that take? What? Whatever that alien probe did to him, Barclay now seems to know more about the internal workings of the Enterprise than anyone else on board. We could confine him to his quarters. If he's been influenced by an alien, wouldn't that put us all at risk? I didn't know Barclay played the violin. You said he made a pass at you, but you failed to mention whether he was successful or not. (the answer is a grin) [Engineering] La Forge, you've got ten minutes. Mister Worf, Red alert. Get us out of here. What? There's not enough time. Geordi, what did you do? [Engineering] Barclay? Barclay! [Holodeck] Exactly what does that mean? How do we get him out of there? How long would it take to set that up? How soon before the ODN process is in place? Barclay! La Forge? Initiate stabilisation procedure! Where are we, Ensign? Mister Barclay. I thought it would be fatal if you left the holodeck.
Eternity never looked so lovely. I was referring to the view. Eternity never looked so lovely. I'm afraid you have me at a disadvantage. You're Betazoid. He does? Not exactly. So I've gathered. On Risa? That vacation must have been better than he let on. It would be my pleasure. [Bridge] This is the main Bridge, the command centre of the Enterprise and our last stop. Vash, Commander La Forge. Commander Data. And this is Lieutenant Worf. Something wrong, Lieutenant? Well, I think we can make an exception in this case. Vash is a guest of the Captain. That's the big chair. (She tries it out) Fascinating woman. [Ten Forward] How was the reception? Yes, Captain? Q? Any idea what he's up to? I'll alert the crew. [Corridor] That would explain these costumes. And you, Mister Data, bear a striking resemblance to Friar Tuck. (Enter a nobleman on a horse) We've got to get out of here, Captain. You're not going to try to save her yourself, sir? Captain! Data, we need a diversion, now. (Data takes something from his forearm and throws it into a fire as Picard's head goes down onto the block. The axe is raised, there's a boom, and the fight starts) Everybody here?
What were you doing accessing the propulsion system files on Stardate 44758? Yes, you did, from computer twelve B nine, deck thirty six. The computer logged in your identification from your communicator. I suppose you know nothing about the explosion that disabled the warp drive at approximately the same time? We've already contacted the Klingon High Council. You'll be returned home as soon as we finished our investigation. Very well. Worf, accompany the Lieutenant to his quarters. (Worf and J'Dan leave) What do you think? I object! There is no basis for calling Crewman Tarses a liar.
Mrs Troi, I have to ask you to clear the Bridge, please. Spacecraft? Let's get the hell out of here. We've been studying the sensor logs and the torpedo telemetry to determine if there was any malfunction. If there was, and we are able to isolate the problem, another test might be successful. In the meantime, all of our facilities would be made available to Doctor Timicin. No, sir. We have an open channel. No, sir. It's your daughter. [Timicin's quarters]
Lieutenant. We'll be entering the upper ionosphere in two minutes and twenty seconds. [Bridge] Increasing power to the shields. (the ship starts taking pot-shots at them. at least one hits them) Coming about. (Odan is thrown out of his seat and the shuttle is damaged) [Bridge] And both backup stabilisers. I'm losing control. Captain, the shuttle hull has been weakened. We're breaking up. You can't tow us. You'd better beam us directly on board. I can't stabilise the shuttle. Belay that order, Captain. I'll bring her in manually. [Bridge] And the reason Odan refused the transporter? Doctor, could a human host carry him? Then I volunteer. Weigh it against the prospect of war. Let's get to it. [Sickbay] I understand. No, just some strange sensations. Hello. I'm fine. You look a little tired, Doctor Beverly. [Bridge] I know this must be disturbing, Governor, but you must convince the inhabitants of the moons that I am Odan. I have his skills, his thoughts, his memories. The man they knew as my father, the man who stands before them, both are merely hosts. It is your task to help them understand. Speak softly, Governor. Those who cannot hear an angry shout may strain to hear a whisper. I'm just a little dizzy. I'll be fine. I just need to lie down. That's good. Just a little weak and light-headed. Beverly. It is new to me as well. Please, don't go. We've got to talk about this. Nor do I, but I know that this silence will injure us. It never occurred to me. This is what I am. Did you ever tell me that you are only a single being? Of course not. That was normal to you. You must understand, whoever I seem to be, I am Odan, who loved you. That has not changed. I still love you. I can't help that. If this causes you pain, I will suppress it, I will keep my distance. Doctor Beverly, I would never hurt you. [Ten Forward] Not much. They would see that as deception. I must meet with them. I promise you, Captain, they will never know that I am ill. Lathal Bine. It was your aunt who represented Beta thirty years ago. She was a formidable woman. I had the utmost respect for her. That was you, of course, Kalin Trose. Then you were a young man, bristling with passion and zeal, yet wise enough to understand that your people needed peace to ensure their future. They agreed to trade places for a week, to understand each other's situation with more informed eyes. After that an agreement came swiftly. What is not commonly known that during those negotiations, you, Kalin Trose, quelled a plot by a radical from your moon who was attempting to assassinate the Beta delegate. Will you accept me? Will you allow me to work with you? And Alpha moon? Kalin Trose, you may confer with your people, but we must have your answer within eight hours. Of course. (Picard leaves) The pain's gone. Thank you. (he takes her arm) Please let me touch you, just for a moment. (he leans in for a kiss) I knew they would. They are reasonable people, they're just trapped in their own anger. Then it's my job to see nothing goes wrong. Did I said something wrong, Captain Picard? The medication Doctor Beverly gave me has helped. I will find a way to keep going. [Crusher's quarters] Computer, location of Doctor Beverly Crusher. Can you make balso tonic? Never mind. (Beverly stares at the red rose, then makes a decision) Come in. I don't think so. The symptoms haven't returned. Yes. I'll be fine. I've been preparing. Yes. I don't want them knowing I'm taking any medication. That's good. Beverly, I want you. If you're going to leave, you'd better go right now. No, no more. I must. Yes. We can't put him through any further risk. I'll manage. One more thing. I will conduct the mediations today, but at the end of today, regardless of the outcome, I must be removed from Riker's body. Even if the new host has not arrived. Riker will not survive if I am removed. He has done enough. Your word. It was worth it. (he collapses) They will not go to war.
Does he have evidence? Captain, we are in the war zone. I'm glad we got you back, Geordi. We're going to need your help on this. What is it, Data? E-band? That's unusual. What's the source? Collapsing protostars sometimes emit E-band bursts. You'd better run a complete scan. Keep me posted. We make no effort to restrict access to our medical supplies. It does appear to be Federation issue. Another E-band blip? If it's changed intensity, it can't possibly be a protostar. Is there any known instance of Romulans using E-band communications? Can you track the source? Do it. [Cargo bay] What about the transporter logs? How many people on board are capable of doing this, Geordi? How long do we have? From inside the Enterprise? You're sure? Generated by what? Mister Data, we have a known spy on board and now we have unexplained signals on board. I think it's reasonable to assume that they're related somehow, wouldn't you? We need more than speculation, Mister Data. We need to know who, what, where, when and why, or we may be going to war.
Acknowledged. All science stations, stand by. We're about to light up the nebula. Mister Worf? Fire torpedo. [Torpedo bay] (the bright light glows in the purple nebula) Interesting hypothesis. Are there any M-class planets we could check out? I think you should pursue it. First of all, she's a beautiful woman. She seems to be crazy about you. Data, when you get involved with another person, there are always risks of disappointment, of getting hurt. Jenna knows that and she has obviously decided to take the chance. Data, when it really works between two people, it's not like anything you've ever experienced. The rewards are far beyond simple friendship. That's what I'm hoping you're going to find out. We've reached the designated coordinates, but the M-class planet, it's gone. Are you picking anything up, Data? A complete sensor scan of the planet and three survey probes turned up no surprises. No signs of life, nothing out of the ordinary. The ship is at risk as long as we're sitting here. We could continue the investigation outside the nebula. Bridge to La Forge. Damage report. [Engineering] It's a good thing one of these pockets didn't pass through a photon torpedo casing or the matter-antimatter containment pods. He's right. If we could position the shuttlecraft far enough in front of the Enterprise, it could detect the pockets and allow us enough time to manoeuvre out of the way. I'll do my pre-flight once I'm on board. Sir? Captain, it's my duty as First Officer to safeguard the lives on this ship, including yours. The Enterprise can't afford to lose you, sir. Certainly not in this situation. Sir. [Shuttle] (from this angle, the purple nebula is blue) Acknowledged, Captain. We're right behind you. Riker to O'Brien, lock on to the Captain's communicator. [Transporter room] One down, Captain [Shuttle] We've lost our link, Captain. [Shuttle]  Understood. Mister Data, get us back online. Geordi, try boosting the power to the LU bands. McKnight, increase the distance between the Enterprise and the shuttle. We're going to need some more room to make manual adjustments. [Shuttle] Damage? Mister O'Brien do you have the Captain's signal? Let's get him out of there. [Shuttle] (suffering under multiple g-force) Did we get him back? Acknowledged, sir. All right, let's make a run for it. We're clear of the nebula, sir.
We've been intercepted by the Klingon vessel Bortas. [Worf's quarters] The Bortas is standing by, Captain. Backed by Romulans? There's a message coming in for you from the surface. It's coded personal. [Ready room] The Bortas has put out a general distress call. Captain, the Bortas is Gowron's ship. If he's the legitimate leader of the Empire, shouldn't we help him? What about Worf? These enemies are Klingons. Dismissed. [Duras family home] (a Romulan aide brings a message on a PADD)
Nicely done. I hope we know what we're doing. Starfleet is stretched pretty thin across the quadrant. There are only about twelve ships within a day's travel of this position. We could probably scare up seven, maybe eight, more ships. And if the Romulans are already aware of the tachyon field, they should run the blockade at that point. Very nice. I'd better get back. Good luck, Captain. [Romulan command centre]
But they wanted us to know they were there. Why? The Children of Tama. I've heard rumours about them for years. It appears they're trying their best. Block their transporter with the shields! Extend to maximum range! Where is he? Riker to O'Brien. Riker to Captain Picard. Captain, do you read me? Can we compensate? Then they can't communicate with their man either. They won't be able to beam anyone through the field. Then they'll be able to tell what's going on. Analysis, Mister Worf. What the hell is going on? Theirs was armed. [Planet surface] (Birds are twittering, the meadow flowers are tall. Dathon is holding the two daggers at arms length) Hail the Tamarian ship. You are holding our captain. I want him released. Your action could be interpreted as an act of war. Is there any way to get through to them? Close the channel, Mister Worf. Worf, I want you to assemble a security team, take a shuttle down to the planet, bring back the captain. I'm aware of that. But disrupting our transporter beam and firing on a shuttle are two entirely different things. I'm betting they're not going to push it that far. [Planet surface] (It is night. Dathon has lit a cozy fire while Picard is only just getting his started when it goes out) How long can we maintain communication? The Tamarian ship? Maybe we called their bluff. Status, Mister Worf. Communications as long as conditions permit. Lieutenant Worf! Evasive manoeuvre sequence delta! [Shuttlecraft] Damage? That's all? Riker to Worf. [Shuttlecraft] Enough to turn them back, but not enough to hurt them. Nice shooting. [Observation lounge] (Atmospheric ionisation scan 927 is on the wall monitor) Agreed. We're only making educated guesses about their motivations, no more than that. Which might start a shooting match, and for all we know, a war, and we still might not be able to save the captain. It's too much of a risk. I'll take that course when it's the last one left. Who the hell are these people? There's got to be some way to get through to them. Then do it. Deanna, help him. I want something by oh nine hundred hours. [Planet surface] (Daytime, and the birds are singing again.) Analysis? How close is it to the Captain? Attacking? [Engineering] I don't want to hear that, Commander. [Engineering] I know. We will have tipped our hand to the Tamarians. But it's a chance we have to take. La Forge. Proceed. Riker to transporter room one. [Transporter room] Boost the confinement beam. [Engineering] The scattering field is still in full force. What the hell is wrong with them? Their sensors can read what's going on as well as ours can. Riker to O'Brien. Report. [Transporter room] Open a channel to the Tamarian ship. Your captain is under attack. Drop your particle field. Here's the situation on El-Adrel. The entity has moved off several hundred metres. If the entity decides to attack again, the Captain may be facing it alone. Are you able to pinpoint the source of their particle beam? Could we get through with our phasers? That's not good enough. We need to knock out the scattering field in one shot and have the Captain back on the Enterprise before they know what happened. How long will it take to set up? Make it so. (Geordi and Worf leave.) I would prefer to find a peaceful solution. If we could talk our way out of this one, that much the better. What did you find out? If we know how they think, shouldn't we be able to get something across to them? Stand by to fire, Mister Worf. If we know that, so do the Tamarians. Riker to La Forge. I need those phasers. Fire! O'Brien, energise. (Picard is beamed away just as the beast attacks) [Transporter room] Maximum shields. Red alert! Let's get out of here. Go to impulse. Back us off. Return fire, Mister Worf. Full phasers. New friends, Captain? I hope I'm not intruding, Captain. Damage reports ready for your review. Greek, sir? For the next time we encounter the Tamarians?
We're receiving an emergency distress signal from the Solarion Four colony. [Barber's shop] The signal ended abruptly at oh four five five. Unable to raise them on subspace. It would be more accurate to say he was discussing them with me. He's the best barber in Starfleet. What can you do? The transfer of a new officer to the Enterprise? Well, we've got one, waiting to beam aboard complete with orders. [Observation lounge] You will follow Starfleet uniform code aboard this ship, Ensign. (she removes the earring) [Ready room] There will be members of this crew who will not want to serve with Ensign Laren, sir. I intend to demand the highest level of performance from her. Then why did you accept this assignment? Better than prison? There are officers who wait years to serve on this ship. Nor ours. Ensign Ro, you're familiar with this star system. You'll take the conn. Is there a problem, Ensign? The composition of the moon's crust is blocking the sensors. We're on a timetable here. Where's Ro? What the hell is going on? Ensign Ro, take us to the designated coordinates. Top of the line. Ensign Ro, what's the closest we come to the Cardassian border on our current heading to Valo Three? ETA? Red alert. He's ordered us to withdraw?
Commander Data, Doctor Marr, report to the Bridge immediately. [Bridge]
Wait. I've got it. William. It's a great name. William O'Brien. It's got a nice ring to it. He's going to be a hell of a gymnast. How do you feel? Just lie still for a while. We'll get you to Sickbay as soon as we can. Report. I think we should assume the worst, that everyone on the Bridge is dead. There's no one is in control of the ship. Agreed. Can we get to Engineering? Okay, you and I will try to get there. Mister Worf, this room is going to fill with wounded in a few minutes and they're going to need help. I want you to stay in charge here. Let's go. (a man carries a woman in) Thirteen sixty five baker. That should put us right behind shuttlebay two. Coolant leak! (they scramble forward and manage to shut a bulkhead behind them, only for an energy barrier to start up ahead) [Cargo bay] We can't just sit here. I don't see any material in here that could handle that much current. Are you suggesting we use your own body? Data, there's half a million amps flowing through that arc. Could your body handle that much current? No. First of all, android or not, I wouldn't ask anyone to take that kind of risk. Second, if the computer is not working in Engineering, I'm going to need your help to get control of the ship. Let me get this straight. You want me to take off your head? Well, Data, would you be all right? Well, like you said, our choices are very limited. (Data walks forward into the currents, they stop and he falls forward) Data? Data! Data. Are you all right? Did the shielding work? Okay, try it. There's no power on this entire deck, yet somehow these monitors are working. But why? Unless there's something they want us (pause) something they need us to see. Wait a minute. Data, the containment field strength is down to eighteen percent. Can you stabilise it? Got it. Sorry. I'm trying. You need a bigger head. Try it now. You just can't stay away from the big chair, can you? Captain Picard to the Bridge, please. (Picard enters)
Etana? I know you're back there. Don't make me come after you. (she has his communicator pin) Give me that. Yes, I do. (they play chase around the room) I need that communicator. Give me that. (She throws it out of the window) I don't believe you did that. What is this? Do I keep my eyes open, or closed? What am I seeing? Now what? Yeah. How do I do that? What was that? How far does this game go? It's starting to get busy around here. Five new science teams just beamed in from the Zhukov. Quarters are filling up fast. Two weeks? That's not enough time to explore a region that size. I thought we had five weeks. That'll be quite a juggling act. Wesley? Good. We'll need an extra hand around here. [Engineering] Geordi, how are you coming with the survey preparations? Especially since two new exobiologists and three stellar cartographers have joined us from the Zhukov. What about the lateral sensors? And the gamma ray scanner? Of course. Congratulations. Okay, specialist, what's our sensor status? Can we have that done before we arrive? Keep it up, Lefler. (Lefler leaves them) Geordi, I brought something back from Risa that you have got to try it. Of course. I'll catch up with you later. [Ten Forward] (Deanna removes the pointless cherry from the top of her dessert) Chocolate ice cream, chocolate fudge and chocolate chips. You're not depressed, are you? Would you like me to leave you two alone? No, thanks. I don't like fudge. Doesn't it taste good? I had no idea it was such a ritual. I brought something back from Risa. Better than chocolate. Just a game. [Transporter room] Are you here to work or to play, Mister Crusher? I know you're on vacation. Probably like to sleep and spend some time on the holodeck. But if you're so inclined, we could use your help with the Phoenix Cluster survey. Computer, secure Sickbay. Data performs self diagnostic routines on a regular basis. We should take a look at his logs. They may reveal something. Standard security sweep shows nothing out of the ordinary. Maybe we should ask his cat. Doctor Crusher's got everything under control, Geordi. If there's any change, you'll be the first to know. Looks to me like you need a break. Unwind a little. I've got just the thing. Why don't you join me in Ten Forward? There's something I'd like you to try. [Engineering] Get back here! [Corridor] Computer, activate security containment field. Deck thirty six, section fifty two. (Wesley runs up against the forcefield) Where the hell is he? Narrow the scan field. Go deck by deck if you have to. Tactical analysis, Mister Worf? Get her off the screen. Data, we deactivated you. That should reach almost everyone. Take a medical team to treat the rest.
Why would anyone want a Vulcan shield array? Shields up. Red alert. Same one I've always had. Know some blues? Never cared for it. Who says I'm looking for anybody? Okay. I'm looking for you. I have to ask you about your husband. The dead one, I'm afraid. He was into some bad business. He took the evidence with him. I was hoping you might know his business partners. To be honest, I can't think of a good reason. I don't carry money. Move over. You know this one? Twentieth century, Earth. Maybe I can teach you a lick or two. So, what do you say? I can be. Is that Melor Famagal I hear? I'm on my way. [Piano bar] Is there a problem? Use your sleeve. Or use one of their sleeves, I don't care. Commander William Riker, USS Enterprise. We're investigating the disappearance of a Vulcan ship. We know that you're involved. Who would want a Vulcan ship? Hypothetically speaking. Let me explain what'll happen to you if you don't tell me about the Vulcan ship. Your right of passage through this sector will be revoked and more than that, I will be very unhappy. At what coordinates? Co-ordinates? Enjoy your dinner. [Bridge] As soon as I heard this Barolian ship was at the Galorndon Core, I started to think Romulans. Reunification? And Spock? A little over eight hours. Agreed. Ensign, set a course to Galorndon Core. Take us to warp eight. Any signs of life, Mister La Forge? Or anywhere else along the Neutral Zone. Maintain position at Galorndon Core. Diplomatic initiative appears to be succeeding. Will advise. Yeah. I'm sure it did. [Romulan office] What's their heading, Mister Worf? Worf, signal them on subspace. Request their status. Geordi, see if you can tell if it's one of ships we've been looking for. Geordi? Set a course to intercept. I know the Captain's orders, Lieutenant. Engage. [Romulan office] (Sela and her guards enter an empty room) That's far enough. (Riker and two security with phasers) Stay right where you are. Drop your weapons. Drop your weapons. (the Romulans shoot at them) Drop your weapons. Mister Worf, any other ships in the vicinity of Dulisian Four? Geordi, any update on the Vulcan ships? Lay in a new course to Dulisian Four. On screen. Doctor, contact Dulisian Four and confirm this distress call. I have a feeling it may prove to be a false alarm. Mister Worf, how long before we intercept the Vulcan ships? They're not taking those Vulcan ships home with them. On screen. Red alert. (but the green meanie is facing the Vulcan ships) Advise the warbird to withdraw from Federation space, and tell them to leave the Vulcan ships where they are. Ready phasers. (KaBOOM, kaBOOM, kaBOOM, and the green meanie cloaks again) Rather than let them be taken prisoner. Stand down Red alert. Mister Worf, advise the Klingon ship to signal us as soon as Captain Picard and Data are safely aboard.
We'll be coming into orbit of Vulcan in less than an hour, Captain. Already been taken care of. She's transporting over at oh seven hundred. She says he's too ill to make the trip. How well do you know Spock? That must cover a lot of ground. Understood. Metal fragments. Possibly disassembled components, identified as Vulcan, recovered from a downed Ferengi vessel? Contraband. The Vulcans haven't figure out what these fragments are but they've determined that the metal is a dentarium alloy. Yeah. A Ferengi cargo ship that went down in the Hanolin asteroid belt. The debris was spread over a hundred square kilometres. That was my first thought, but the Vulcans have no record of any stolen weapons or stolen parts, for that matter. Yep. [Sarek's chamber] (on a hard, flat bed, an elderly man with dementia writhes and moans to himself) Seems after hailing him for three days, he could've found a minute to talk to you. Rewriting history? If Worf's right, then our arrival would be an uncomfortable reminder of the facts. Junior adjutant. No, sir. But after your tailor is done, would you join me in the cargo bay? Mister La Forge has made some progress with the metal fragments. Why would anyone want a Vulcan shield array? I'd like to take the Enterprise to Qualor Two, sir. See what's out there. On screen. I'm Commander William Riker from the Federation Starship Enterprise. I need some information about a Vulcan ship, the T'Pau. It was sent to you a few years ago. An appointment? No. Who does he think he is? Right. Mister Worf re-establish communication. Mister Dokaychin? Mister Dokachin, the information I need involves a matter of major importance to the Federation. I'll need access to your logs, your files. My people can do the work. All right, one of your people can do the work. Well, sir what would you suggest? I don't believe this. Counsellor, this feels like a perfect job for you. (later, Enterprise sails into the spaceship graveyard of the supply depot, and avid fans play spot the old model ship) Thank you for coming on board, Mister Dokachin. We've tied into your computers, if you'd like to access the files. I'd appreciate it. On screen. (empty space) The T'Pau is missing? How could a ship disappear from your depot? It's not there any more. What's left of that deflector is laid out on the floor of our cargo bay. Perhaps we should to pay a visit to the Tripoli. (another short but slow journey) On screen. (more empty space) When is today's transport? Ensign, align the Enterprise so we appear to be one of the abandoned ships. Mister La Forge, when we're in position, shut down the engines and all systems except sensors and life support. I've a feeling somebody's going to be here to receive those storage tanks. I'd be very interested to know who that is. [Klingon quarters] Identification? On screen. Mister La Forge, bring the engines back online and restore all systems to normal. Open a channel. This is Commander William Riker of the USS Enterprise. Identify yourself. I repeat, you have entered a Federation depot. Identify yourself. Shields up. Red alert. If you do not respond to our hails, we will take that as evidence of hostile action. Boost power to the shields. Mister Worf, lock onto their weapon systems only and prepare to fire. (Enterprise takes more hits) On my mark, point seven five burst. We just want to get their attention. Fire.
What kind of drop can we expect? And I doubt they're prepared to cope with the kind of cold that's coming. Yes, sir. [Bridge] Mister Worf's what? Dimensions, Worf? What's odd? Professor, at what point does time travel become a tool for historians? What did he mean, he picked the right day? Deanna? What if he's an imposter? God knows we've seen enough of them. Look who's here. No problem, Professor. Is there some reason we shouldn't be? Why is there no record of other future historians travelling back to witness important events? Would you mind telling me what that is? Is something important supposed to be happening here? I suppose the warp coil. Before there was warp drive, humans were confined to a single sector of the galaxy. What is going on? Are you expecting someone? We've gotten word from the monitoring stations. They're all online. We're ready when you are, Geordi. Open a channel, Mister Worf, and prepare to fire at target one. Mister Data? Fire. (two shots hit the snow-covered ground) [Engineering] Data? [Engineering] You should be getting something [Engineering] All he wanted to know about was previous starships. What I thought was innovative about the last Enterprise, the one before that. He said he wanted to see if we had a grasp of the fundamentals. We've also got some volcanic activity. Pretty severe. Captain, take a look at this. (at science two) These are the coordinates of the eruptions, and these are the coordinates of the phaser drilling sites. We came here to help these people. We've just got to tie in Geordi's atmospheric sensors. You have the sequence locked in, Data? Proceed, Mister Data. If we don't get in that thing, I guarantee you don't either. Why Data? Take him to a detention cell, Mister Worf, and notify Starfleet that we'll be dropping him off at Starbase two one four.
They're going to put you out of a job, Geordi. Initiate a radio link to the ship. All science labs standing by. Mister La Forge, what is the power efficiency of the wave? Ninety eight? The test ship's warp field is becoming unstable. Sensors show multiple disruptions. Damage report. (the test ship goes KaBOOM and everyone gets thrown out of their seats) Damage report. Riker to Engineering. What's your estimate on the engines, Geordi? Understood. Good. Begin a sensor sweep for the soliton wave. Open a channel back here to Doctor Ja'Dar. Doctor, we've located the soliton wave. It's still on a course for Lemma Two. However its velocity has increased to warp four point one. Will they still be able to dissipate the wave? You don't sound very confident. Why can't we go around it? It's going to be quite a ride. Alert sickbay to prepare for possible casualties. Let's see it. (the viewscreen is filled with the undulating wave) Red Alert. Load torpedo bays. Set warhead yields to level sixteen. All deck, this is the Bridge. Brace for impact. We have some gaps in the aft shields, Captain. When the torpedoes explode, these areas will be contaminated with ion radiation. We need to evacuate sections twenty four to forty seven, decks thirty five through thirty eight. We're transporting endangered animals from Corvan Two. Can we transport him out of there? Riker to Engineering. Geordi, what is going on? [Engineering] We need more speed. Primary control's shorted out. (Worf rips a panel from the wall and rearranges chips) Alexander, can you hear me? Alexander? [Bridge] Alexander! Worf! Where are you Worf? It's too heavy. I've got to find something to help us. There's no time. Sir. The boy's going to be all right. [Sickbay]
Let's find that ship. Full sensor sweep, Mister Data. What a sight. Let's see it. Life signs? Damage report, Mister Data. Set up a translink to their computer core. Let's see what happened. Take us to fifteen thousand metres, Ensign. Data, you're with me. [Vico] (flickering lights, escaping steam, debris, bodies. A falling girder nearly catches the away team as they start to move through the ship) Let's see if we can tap directly into the computer core. Stay here, Geordi. Data. (a little further along, they find a young boy trapped under debris) Ready, sir. Aye, Captain. It's going to be okay. Here we go. Energise. [Transporter room] Agreed. La Forge. [Transporter room] (Riker and La Forge are beamed in) Whenever you're ready, Data. Maybe that's what happened to the Vico. They didn't see anything coming until it was too late. Engage forward shields thirty five percent. Bridge to Engineering. [Engineering] Ensign, adjust course for any deviations. Resume one third impulse. Red alert. Captain, the Black Cluster is distorting the sensors. We're picking up echoes of the Enterprise reflecting off the wavefronts. Better jacket the scanning beam. An experiment, Captain? Increase shields to seventy five percent. Damage, Mister Worf. Riker to La Forge. Can you give me more power to the shields? La Forge? [Engineering] That's suicide, Data. The more energy we dumped into the shield grid, the worse the impact. Status, Ensign?
None that I'd care to share with an audience. That sounds like quite a project. How long will it take to finish your studies on Kaldra? Have you stopped thinking about us? Just answer that. I can't stop thinking about you. Have you stopped thinking about us? Do we know what she was doing when this happened? She left the dinner last night with one of the Ullians. I'll talk to him. May I join you? Counsellor Troi's ill. She's more than ill, she's in a coma. Doctor Crusher doesn't know what's causing it or how to treat her. Apparently some time last night. That's why I wanted to talk to you. You may have been the last person to see her. Did you go with her into her quarters? Not at all. I'm just trying to trace her steps. Jev, I'm not accusing you of anything. Did she mention feeling ill? If you have no objections, Doctor Crusher would like to examine you and your group. She's just trying to eliminate the possibility that one of you might be carrying an organism that was harmful to Deanna. I'm not implying that you did anything intentional. I'm just trying to get to the bottom of the mystery. Fine. Thank you. [Sickbay] Deanna, I don't know if you can hear me. I've heard doctors say that even when someone's in a coma, they may be able to hear when people talk to them. That it might help stimulate the brain, speed the healing. In fact, I think you did that for me once, when I was in pretty bad shape. I just thought it might help to hear a friendly voice, even if you don't know you're hearing it. We've been busy mapping the sector. It's been pretty routine. The most unusual thing we've seen is a binary star system. Let's see, what else? I finished the personnel review that we were working on. You can check it out when you wake up. I miss you. Please don't stay away too long. I know. Right. Let's move it! Out, out, out! Let's go! Everybody move! Everybody move! Out! Out! Come on, keep moving! Keller, can you get to a Jeffries tube? Ensign Keller, answer me! Bring down the door! [Riker's quarters] Out, out! Let's go! Riker to transporter room three. Prepare to beam Ensign Keller out of the engine room. Ensign Keller, answer me. Bring down the door!
We've got a problem. Our core fragment is going to pass by Moab Four in six days. We didn't anticipate that somebody would be living there. Are they responding to our hails, Mister Worf? How the hell did they find themselves on a deserted planet? Which would suggest they also have the ability to communicate with us. Not exactly a welcome mat. Mister Data? Engineered? A judge? That must take some of fun out it? Geordi, Troi and I will return to the Enterprise. When you've reached a conclusion, you can contact us. Riker to Enterprise. One to beam up. Energise. [Shrubbery] That's not enough. Yes, sir. [Courtyard] (Deanna is playing the piano when Aaron joins her) Reduce life support to minimum requirements, Mister Data. Engage evacuation procedures for those decks. Geordi, we're going to need power back soon. Energise. (the original five crew are beamed away) That should do it. All members of the Enterprise crew are accounted for, Mister Conor. If there's nothing else, we'll be on our way. I'm sure she'll feel the same way. (a klaxon sounds) By all means. [Laboratory] She may not be the only one. The science teams that went down to the surface fielded a lot of questions from colonists who were more than curious about what's outside their world. And what happens to the colony if she does? If others join her? The colonists are all on board, sir. Twenty three. The Prime Directive doesn't apply. They're human. We had to respond to the threat from the core fragment didn't we?
Navigators on this ship have been doing flight handling assessments the same way for years, Ensign. Bridge. Do you mind if we discuss changes in procedure before you make them? I might have said Yes, maybe. The point is, I didn't get the chance. The rules on this ship do not change just because Ro Laren decides they do. [Bridge] I don't know who any of you are. Make that on the same starship. This console has tactical configuration? We are on the Bridge. There's a good chance this is our ship. Looks like you're the leader. The remains of another ship? No voice interface. If we even knew where to send it. That sounds like the next logical step. Start with the most crucial areas. Whoa, wait a minute. We've got to coordinate our efforts here first. Look, I feel the same way. We all do. But if anything's going to get done. Well, we're going to have to depend on each other if we're going to get through this, okay? We're going to search the ship. According to the schematics, the engineering computer core access is down that corridor. We'll begin our crew survey on decks five through ten. When you get those systems going, try to pull up the personnel files. It'd be nice if we all had names. Right. Good luck. If it's any comfort, we're all in the same situation, so stay put for now. We'll be back in touch. There's a large room up ahead called Ten Forward. I'd be having more fun than searching the ship, I'd imagine. Well, with that holodeck we just saw. I think I could conjure up an interesting programme or two. Why? Who reported to the Bridge from this group? Have you found anything that might give us some insight into what happened? No, thank you. Your memories are gone as well? You were going to mention something else? Is something wrong? You remember me? Survey team here. Go ahead. These are your quarters. Recognise anything? I don't imagine war ever feels right. What is it? Can you remember anything specific about us? I hope they're good feelings. It's been a long day. We've all been through a lot. I'll see you tomorrow. Goodnight. [Riker's quarters] (someone is in casual clothes, reading a book) I know I didn't get the wrong room. Really? For all we know, you and I could hate each other. We might regret this. Maybe we should switch quarters. What if I snore in my sleep? They're no match for the Enterprise. Full shields. Could the same treatment work for us? Come in. Please. What's wrong? You're never going to feel good about this war. None of us will. But we've got to complete our mission. I've been doing a little research, trying to find out about William T Riker. He's a musician, for one thing. (plays a little on the trombone) No one was more surprised than I. He's athletically inclined, loves to climb mountain. He's from somewhere called Alaska. He enjoys exotic food, and takes his vacations on a planet called Risa. Open it. That may explain some of the familiar feelings we have. Come in. (Laren enters) Of course. Thank you, Counsellor. Oh, we were just discussing the situation we're all in. It's a little too selective to be coincidence. It's a risk I think we have to take. I'm reading forty seven of them around the perimeter. Not much power there. That was too easy. Optimal firing range in fifty five seconds. One photon torpedo ought to do it. How can our mortal enemy be over a hundred years behind us in weapons technology? With all the power that MacDuff had to alter our brain chemistry and manipulate the computers, it's hard to believe he needed the Enterprise. It almost did. [Ten Forward] (Riker enters to see Ro and Troi chatting at a table. His heart sinks and his worst fears come to the surface, naturally) I hope I'm not interrupting. Well. I'm glad I ran into the two of you. When you have no memory of who you are, or who anybody else is, you find yourself She said that? Well, I'm a little confused.
Have you ever heard anything like this, Data? There hasn't been a Daedalus class in service for what? W arrived a little late. Wind shear is incredible. Data, keep an eye on the stabilisers. If it's anything like this on the ground, I don't see how anyone can survive on this moon for long. Question is where? I still can't locate the source of the damn signal. It's bouncing around more than we are. Enterprise! [Bridge] Hold on! We're going down. Maintain the approach attitude, Data. I'm taking her in. Brace for impact. [Bridge] Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's broken. Enterprise? We'll stay in the area until the Enterprise finds us. Take an inventory of the shuttle. See if there's anything left in there that's usable. The ground cover is all non-porous rock, which makes me believe it's even less likely there's anyone living here. That doesn't look like any storm front I've ever seen. Well, I hope they can find us, because there's no way we'll find them. Mister O'Brien! Nice of you to join us. Is this storm front going to interfere with the transport, Chief? I'm with you. (the sky is very angry) Lunch time, Miles! Let's do it! (O'Brien goes to turn on the pattern enhancers, and gets hit by lightning. They all fall down. Balls of light descend on them, but one flies away from Riker, who wakes up. He activates the enhancers and they are all beamed away) [Sickbay] (Troi wakes with a scream) Ready for duty, sir. It's not the first bone I've ever broken. It was just one hell of a storm. It moved in on our position faster than anything I've ever seen. No, but if Troi was right, we were very close to it. We need to adjust the scanners so they can penetrate those storms. Do you have any ideas, Data? Mister Data, deploy sensor scans when you're ready. Ensign, take us to a synchronous orbit aligned around our crash site. (Picard and Troi leave) The polar region? That would be starting from scratch, Mister Data. Our latest readings would suggest that we begin our scan around our crash site. Well, you might be right, but I'd like to give the crash site a once over first. Maintain our current orbit. Override them? Do you know anything about this, Mister Data? Data? (Riker touches Data's shoulder, and Data thumps him in the chest) Security to the Bridge! (O'Brien disarms Worf and pushes him over the railing and the Captain's chair. Ro shoots at O'Brien but misses, so he shoots her) Computer, transfer command to Engineering. Full security alert! (O'Brien shoots Riker. Data fails to override Riker's last command and thumps the blank console in frustration) (In the Ready room, Troi knocks out Picard, then enters the Bridge) Computer, re-enable Bridge control. Security protocol, Riker omega Three. Data, O'Brien and Troi tried to commandeer the ship. Activate security fields decks eight through fifteen. They've broken through a security field, deck ten, section two. Multiple phaser shots, Ten Forward. Position security teams at both entrances. Transporter room three, can you get a pattern lock on Commander Data, Counselor Troi [Transporter room] Geordi? What about flooding their air vents with anaesthezine gas? A concussive charge would blow out the security fields. We could go in with phasers on wide beam, stun everybody. Sort it out later. The southern polar region. That's where Data tried to move the ship. Why wasn't I affected? My broken arm. What about Data? We have to find a way to penetrate the forcefield around Ten Forward. Sir, putting you down there only strengthens their position. Yes, sir. [Ten Forward] (Molly is still upset) Keep me advised. [Ten Forward] Standing by. [Jefferies tube] As you say, Captain. Riker to La Forge, return to the Bridge. [Jefferies tube] [Ten Forward] (The two balls of energy return to Troi and Miles) Any sign of the Essex? Bridge to Ten Forward. [Ten Forward] Intense storm activity over the southern pole is making it virtually impossible for us to pick up any trace of the Essex. Can you tell what's there? I'm sure as hell not going to beam up whatever might be down there. Bridge to Ten Forward. [Ten Forward] You will have to release your computer control lockouts. [Ten Forward] Understood, Captain. Doctor. Mister La Forge. Almost had them, Ensign. Nice try. Ten Forward. Our mistake. Remaining transporter functions are being transferred to you. [Ten Forward] Security teams, stand by. Mister La Forge, Doctor, they'll be at their destination in less than a minute. Security, allow them access into cargo bay four. Mister LaForge. I hope that'll give the Captain enough time to play his hand. There's only one reason he chose cargo bay four. If it becomes necessary, Ensign, you will blow the cargo bay hatch on my orders. I think we can give the Captain a new bargaining chip. Doctor Crusher, flood the cargo bay with your containment field. [Cargo bay]
You look pretty good for someone who's been eating sickbay food  for three days.  I'm not a Klingon. I don't think there's any shame in someone  being injured.  I'm sorry.  Name it.  What?  There must be other options.  Mister Worf, I will not help a friend commit suicide.  Their last message said they were attempting to crash land on  one of the planets in the Mericor system. We should arrive in just  under seven hours.  Captain, may I speak with you in private?  I have always tried to keep an open mind,  not to judge someone else's culture by my own, but for me to be a part  of this ceremony.  That doesn't mean his life is over.  I can't accept that.  Worf isn't dying and he is not in pain. He could live a long  life  I can respect his beliefs, but he is asking me to take an active  role in his committing suicide.  Which leaves me back where I started.  I've been studying this ritual of yours. Do you know what I've  decided? I think it's despicable. I hate everything about it. The  casual disregard for life, the way it tries to cloak suicide in some  glorious notion of honour. I may have to respect your beliefs, but I  don't have to like them.  No. All you really expect me to do is bring you the knife and  then walk away, so you can kill yourself in peace. Well, I'm not going  to make it that easy for you.  Remember Sandoval? Hit by a disruptor blast two years ago. She  lived for about a week. Fang-lee? Marla Aster? Tasha Yar? How many men  and women, how many friends have we watched die? I've lost count. Every  one of them, every single one fought for life until the very end.  Are you sure? Because I get the sense you're feeling pretty  noble about the whole thing. Look at me, aren't I courageous? Aren't I  an honourable Klingon? Let me remind you of something. A Klingon does  not put his desires above those of his family or his friends. How many  people on this ship consider you a friend? How many owe you their  lives? Have you ever thought about how you've affected the people  around you? How we might feel about your dying?  You are my friend, and in spite of everything I've said, if it  were my place, I would probably help you. But I've been studying  Klingon ritual and Klingon law, and I've discovered that it's not my  place to fill that role. According to tradition, that honour falls to a  family member. Preferably the oldest son.  The son of a Klingon is a man the day he can first hold a blade.  True?  That's an excuse. What you really mean is it would be too hard  for you to look at your son and tell him to bring you the knife. Watch  you stab it into your heart, then pull the knife from your chest and  wipe your blood on his sleeve. That's the rite of death, isn't it?  Well, I'm sorry, Mister Worf. I can't help you. There's only one person  on this ship who can.  (Later, Alexander enters)  I've notified Starfleet that our survey of  sector three seven six two eight will be delayed at least a week while  we drop off survivors from the Denver.  I've scheduled a stress simulation routine for this afternoon to  check it out. Has there been any word? 
Request flight clearance. Thank you, sir. See you for dinner. [Shuttlecraft]
Senior officers, report to the Bridge. (Red alert sounds)
Sounds like my superintendent. When I was at the Academy, we had a Vulcan Superintendent who had memorised the personnel files of every single cadet. He knew everything about them. It was like having your parents around all the time. You got called into the superintendent's office? That's a story I'd like to hear.
Is it big enough to cause a threat? Ready torpedoes. Yes. If we stay on our present course, we should rendezvous with her intended groom in thirty one hours. Apparently, Deanna being on board is only part of the reason. She thinks the honour of giving away the bride should fall on you. Primary attitude control has failed. Going to secondary systems. Try a manual bypass of the damping systems. Ensign, put us back on course. Let's stay at impulse for now. Some kind of corrosion? Let's run a mass spectrometer analysis and find out what this stuff is. Ventilation and life support are failing at random spots all over the ship. Atmospheric systems are down twenty seven percent. We're going below tolerable oxygen limits. Direct all evacuees to decks nine and ten. You'd think she'd at least get to her own wedding on time. (the doors open and Mister Homn smiles as Lwaxana arrives at her own wedding, naked. Even if we do get a glimpse of the edge of the underwear that Majel is actually wearing. Campio's jaw is on the floor.)
Bridge to transporter room three. Boost your output and lock on to the two Ferengi on board the shuttle. [Transporter room] Mister Worf, escort our Ferengi guests to quarters. Not too close to mine. Lieutenant? Riker to Captain Picard. [Cargo bay] (Qol is on his perch, scanning the glowing egg when Worf and his team enter) Get him out of here. Confine them both to their quarters. Put a guard on their door. (Worf, Qol and security leave) You mean you're using this ship to transport a sentient being as property? Why? You mean you change according to whatever man you're with? Which explains the Ferengi's interest. Why were you in stasis? In what way? Ah, unfortunately, I'm not an empath. I think you have me at a disadvantage. [Kamala's quarters] This is the comm. panel, the replicator. You can lower the lights on a verbal command. If you have any questions you can just ask the computer, (they kiss) I'm beginning to sense the elevated pheromones you were referring to. Curious isn't exactly how I'd describe it. You mean there's something even more remarkable about you? Listen. This has been educational but I make it a policy never to open another man's gift. It certainly is. We'll try to make you as comfortable as possible. [Corridor] Riker to bridge. If you need me, I'll be in holodeck four. [Picard's quarters] (at breakfast, over croissant and fruit juice) (to Worf) I'll check in with you later. (Riker leaves)
Shields up. Could some kind of damping field have caused us to lose velocity? Might be dangerous. Any luck? Do you know what it is? Is there anything like this on record? Do you know how many of them there might be? And we'd be able to see for ourselves. Let's do it. [Children's centre] Can we go to warp? Our speed is down by twenty two percent. Red alert. The damn thing's feeding off our shields. Mister Data, remodulate our shield frequencies. Any ideas? [Arboretum] (Picard, Sutter, Clara and Worf enter) We're clear of the strands. We'll have full warp capability in twenty minutes. Sir?
One survivor. It's a Borg. Male, adolescent. He's badly hurt.
Riker to Enterprise. I need replacement personnel, sir. We'll have a complete power survey done within the hour. We'll probably have to supply them with energy for life support, and they'll need a new engine core to get home. Engineering is modifying one of our subspace resonators to act as a new engine core. It won't do more than warp two, but it'll get them home.
Is it scanning us? Shields up. Stand by phasers. Captain? Captain, I've got you. It's all [Living room] (suddenly Riker's face is replaced by a woman's) Riker to Sickbay. The Captain's hurt. (Beverly is scanning Picard) What is it? That probe is doing something to him. Anything yet, Data? Agreed. Stand down phasers, Mister Worf. In the meantime, take us out of range. Ensign. Thrusters only, one hundred kph nice and easy Data? Geordi, any progress identifying the probe? Solid propellant? Then we should be able to send out a probe of our own, trace it back to the origin. Doctor? I'm not willing to let this thing keep drilling into him. I'm inclined to agree. Doctor, monitor him closely. Mister Data, prepare to disrupt the beam. We're going to try to cut this cord. [Courtyard] (a young girl is playing in the sunshine as Picard plays his flute indoors) Data, get that beam back. Go ahead. Any way to extrapolate am origin? Never heard of it. Data? Any of them inhabited? Mister Worf, put a tractor beam on that probe. I want it in shuttlebay two for examination. Twenty, twenty five minutes. Hello, sir. Feeling better? We were able to open the probe and examine it. Apparently, whatever had locked onto you must have been self terminating. It's not functioning any longer. We found this inside. (Riker hands him a box and leaves. Inside it is a penny whistle with a tassel. Picard clutches it to his chest for a moment, then plays his Skye Boat song variation on it) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Data, how can you look inside that, analyse the decomposition without Yes.. Your head is not an artefact. Not if we can help it. So they could have appeared on Earth as humans. On my way. [Ten Forward] Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine. I'm just I'm not angry. Yeah, I'm angry. Why should I be angry? I just don't want to believe it. No. So what's the point? Data. Not at all. Yes. It's just that our mental pathways have become accustomed to your sensory input patterns. We're in orbit. Temporal disturbance? Any correlation with the readings from Earth? Worf. Geordi. Troi. Join me in transporter room three for an away team. What's the source? Something underground? What's the explanation? Deanna? Terrified? How do we compensate? Mister Data. Will we be able to talk to you? Over here. We've lost him. [Street] (Data wakes up on a cobbled street in front of the No 5 Fire House. A horse-drawn carriage goes by. Data walks off, trying to get information from passers-by.) I'm not willing to accept that he's dead and just leave it at that. What is more important than Data? Will it be good enough? We have to assume one thing, sir. Wherever Data may be, he's doing the same thing we are, which is trying to get to the bottom of this. He may have a better idea about what's going on than we do, so it might be in the best interests of this mission to find him. Mister Worf? (Worf puts his down. They have encircled the amphitheatre. Picard beams in.) I'd be more comfortable if you'd monitor our progress from the Bridge, Captain. Imperative? My God. They're delivering more of them for the others to ingest.
My God. They're delivering more of them for the others to ingest. I'm not willing to accept that he's dead and just leave it at that. What is more important than Data? (dressed as a policeman) The coroner said this is where they kept all the cholera victims. What is it? Drained and taken to Devidia Two for those aliens to ingest? If you were a time traveller with a taste for human neural energy where would you get your supply? A charity hospital near the waterfront. The tricorder indicated triolic activity from most of the bodies we looked at. If the aliens left that sort of signature, they'll be detectable. Any luck contacting Data? Just a little misunderstanding. I was just clearing these people out of here. I was just assigned here this morning. I was working downtown. I just want you to know that I have the utmost respect for the law. (then he punches his lights out) Data! (they climb on) What the? They were so small, and they lasted only a second. Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania. Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania. The triolic levels are as high as they were on Devidia Two. There's no indication of a control mechanism. We have the ophidian. Is everybody all right? You! This is the twenty fourth century, we're on Devidia Two, and you're not supposed to be here. But the disappearance of Mark Twain, one of the most noted literary figures of the nineteenth century That's not supposed to happen. We're here, Mister Worf. Stand by to transport five. Mister Worf? Make that six to transport. [Transporter room] The Federation Starship Enterprise. Ensign, call security. I want an escort for this man. It's a long story, Mister Worf. I'll brief you later. I want Mister Clemens kept under escort at all times. Good idea. If you would accompany the Counsellor. You were there in the cavern. You know what happened. What am I supposed to do? Not telling me might affect my decision. Did you think of that? We're talking about Jean-Luc Picard. I can't sit around and hope it all works out. I've got to do something. [Corridor] (Troi is back in her purple catsuit) I'm going back for Captain Picard. Mister Worf, assemble an Away team to accompany me to the surface. Doctor, I need to know anything you can tell me about that ophidian. I can't give the alien any more time. I'll take that risk. Go ahead. If I can save Captain Picard, I consider that very acceptable. Power up the photons, Mister Worf. Alert me when they're ready. [Science lab] Very well. Fire when ready. How long will it take you? Fine. I'll have time to go get him. I'm going back to the nineteenth century to get the Captain. Doctor? You mean if I go back, only one of us can return? There's a risk. We're not sure how stable the rift will be. Geordi, you'll brief him on what he needs to know? If Clemens got back, the Captain should have been here by now. Re-establish your firing pattern, Mister Worf. We'll wait five more minutes. Is it the Captain? No sign of a temporal distortion? The aliens. Mister Worf, are the photons ready? Fire. O'Brien, get him out of there! (KaBOOM on Devidia) Transporter room, have you got him? Ensign, lay in a course to the nearest Starbase. Warp six. Captain's log, stardate 46001.3. Everyone who should be in the nineteenth century is safely there, and those who should be in the twenty fourth are here. Mister Data has been restored to us, head and all, and Samuel Clemens will write the books he was to have written after our encounter. [Cavern]
The last report we have says they were observing the streamer at medium range. Maybe they went in for a closer look, got more than they bargained for. I'll take a shuttle in. Status, Mister O'Brien? How much longer? Let's do it. Mister Worf. (Worf gets onto the pad) I'll go next. (Barclay's panic levels are steadily mounting) There's no sign of any survivors. No sign of anyone. Any idea what caused it? Could they have beamed an explosive device aboard? Excuse me. [USS Yosemite] (just down the corridor) How did he die? Still four members of the crew unaccounted for. Did you come up with anything? What are they? Take them back to the ship, analyze them there. Mister Barclay. Glad you could join us. From where did the ionisation come? Let me get this straight. You think this thing was alive? Does this ionisation pose a threat to Mister Barclay? Granted. Tell Mister O'Brien to take all the primary transporters offline. I don't want to risk any further contaminations. Make sure you take all the necessary safety precautions.
Red alert. Shields up. They don't want to take on the Enterprise. Cancel Red alert. Mister Worf, take the weapons offline. Aye, sir. [Gymnasium] (Worf is leading a Klingon Tai-chi class, including Troi and Alkar) Hi. It's that time again. The dreaded crew evaluation reports. It's not going to be any easier tomorrow. What's wrong? I know she's been sick. She's very old. She's probably senile. Who knows, we could all end up that way some day. First, molecular biology. Lieutenant Jeffrey Fratis. Go ahead. We're on our way. [Alkar's quarters] (Maylor is rigid on the floor) I'm sorry, Ambassador. We were supposed to finish the crew evaluation reports. As you were. Of course not. I know that. I believe we were with Lieutenant Fratis i n molecular biology. I don't know. Could we just continue with the evaluation? Deanna, I'm sorry I intruded. When you're ready to work, why don't you give me a call. Ambassador? We've received word from the Seronian and the Rekag delegates. They've agreed to meet with you in Darthen tomorrow. Ambassador, the Counsellor and I are needed on the Bridge. I don't know what you thought you were doing in there, but you were way out of line. [Turbolift] Deck nine. [Troi's quarters] All right, Deanna, just what the hell is all this? Of course I care about you. I'm worried about you. What's all this? This just isn't you. Deanna. What is this? You wouldn't have recognised her. Her dress, her hair, everything about her. I'm closer to Deanna than I've ever been to anyone, but last night she was someone that I had never seen before. No. I've thought and thought about it. I don't have an answer. Isn't there something you can do to counteract it? Wait a minute. You're talking about killing Deanna! How will you? How much longer do we have? Beverly thinks Alkar must have been at a susceptible point in the meditation ceremony. He was vulnerable. That's our guess. Like a man with no immune system, he wasn't able to handle the overload. She seems to be fine. He wasn't able to establish a link on her. That's how it seemed to all of us. I always will. Even when you're old and grey. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Code one alpha zero. Ship in distress. Sensors? That's nearly as large as the Earth's orbit around the sun. A Dyson Sphere? Are you saying you think there are people living in there? Riker to Engineering. Geordi, join us in Transporter room three. Mister Worf. [Jenolen] This air's pretty stale. See if you can increase the oxygen level. The rematerialisation subroutine has been disabled. This doesn't make any sense. Locking the unit in a diagnostic mode just sends the matter array through the pattern buffer. Why would anyone want to It's completely intact. There's less than point zero zero three percent signal degradation. How is that possible? Could someone survive inside a transporter buffer for seventy five years? I'm sorry. I'm Commander William Riker, starship Enterprise. Lieutenant Commander Geordi La Forge. Well Captain Scott, Lieutenant Worf. Captain, perhaps there are a few things we should talk about. [Transporter room] We should probably get you to Sickbay. Doctor Crusher will want to Geordi, I think our guest is going to have a lot of engineering questions. Can you open a channel? Ensign, prepare to put us in orbit above those coordinates. Captain Picard to the Bridge, please. [Transporter room] This looks like the front door. Should we ring the bell? Helm, get us out of here! Hold position here until we can get our bearings. I've got thirty percent power. It won't be enough to stop us. Lieutenant Bartel, divert all power from auxiliary relay systems to the manoeuvring thrusters. I'll see about getting main power back online. She's not much to look at. Scotty.
Sorry I'm late. I overslept again. What have we got? Three days? That sounds like that'll use up a lot of warp energy. Okay, let's give it a try. I wouldn't miss it for the world. I don't understand. I can barely keep my eyes open. I have no problem getting to sleep. Then I think I'm sleeping all night. When I wake up, I feel exhausted. Two, three days. Do you have to hold that thing that close? I'm sorry. I've been on edge all day. Not that I can remember. What do you recommend? (she programs a PADD) What is it? A hot milk toddy? You're kidding. Well. at this point, I'll try anything. Thanks. [Engineering] Sensors seemed to think there was. Just a sensor glitch? Let's perform a level three diagnostic on the internal sensor network and make sure that we haven't overlooked anything. Could we pick this up in the morning, Geordi? Get a fresh start? Would you do me a favour? Stop by my quarters, oh seven hundred hours. I'm having trouble waking up. Goodnight. [Riker's quarters] (Riker drinks his prescription toddy, and lies down) [Corridor] Who is it? Come in. LAFORGE: Good morning. Morning? I just went to bed. And it showed up as an EPS explosion? We can't waste time chasing down sensor ghosts. We should probably keep the whole array offline until we can get take a closer look. I know the feeling. The past few nights, it seems like as soon as my head hits the pillow, it's time to get up in the morning. Definitely. Keep me posted? Ensign Rager, cartography needs a better position to study cluster FGC thirteen. Bring us about, heading one twenty three mark four. First time navigating through a globular cluster, Ensign? You have got to compensate for gravimetric interference before (Riker sits at helm and stares at the edge of the console) No. I don't know. Put us back on our original heading, Ensign. [Cargo bay] (Geordi is muttering at a console) When I sat down at the console, it triggered a response like I had been trapped. I had to get out of there. No. I felt like I was disconnected. Like it was something I had dreamed. Did any of them know why they'd the response? Maybe we should all get together. It was vague, the way you recall a dream. I remember the sensation of feeling trapped and something about a smooth surface. Maybe there's a way we can all help ourselves to remember more. [Holodeck] No, it wasn't made of wood. It was smoother, more metallic. Yes, it was dark. I couldn't see beyond the table. Yes. I felt trapped by the console. But it wasn't like this. There was something else here. Yes, there was a restraint. It was flat and metal. It was made of metal. it came down over my legs. No, no, it was across my chest, right here. Yes, it was part of the table. It was here. It was right here. Computer, put controls on the restraining arm. A control panel. Lights. Yes. Yes, there was a sound. Computer, there were noises coming from the darkness. Strange, like whispering. Louder. Faster. More of them. We've all been here before. [Sickbay] (a lot of examinations are going on) What is it? What? Other than the tetryon emissions in cargo bay four, our internal sensors haven't recorded anything unusual in the past three days. How do we find the source? Yes, there is. Give it to me. They've taken me for the last few nights. If I'm right, the same thing'll happen tonight. They're going to take me whether I want to go or not. Understood. I'm willing to take that risk. I hope it's enough. Understood. [Riker's quarters] (in uniform, Riker is lying on his bed when he hears a click. Then a light like the one in the cargo bay comes through the wall at him, and he is sucked through the hole to somewhere) [Bridge] Like putting a fish in a bucket of water. Ensign Rager and I were lucky to have escaped. Lieutenant Hagler's dead. Whoever it was sent that thing was more than simply curious. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
We're bringing up the rest of the cargo now. We should be ready to leave within the hour. It'll take a few days before you know where everything is. If you need any help, you just use one of these comm. panels. You're right. You're a quick study. This is it. [Amanda's quarters] It's all yours. For honour students, only the best. Your zoo? It depends how they get along. We'll keep you so busy you won't have a chance to. I've got to get going. I have to get back to cargo bay two. Sure. (Riker leaves) I didn't even see it coming. [Engineering] You said she was adopted. Could she be an alien? You, an expert in humanity? I'll get right on it. I was looking for Doctor Crusher. I didn't know what nutrients she wanted to send with the bacilli. Thanks. Just tell her I'll be in shuttlebay two. (Riker leaves with a big grin) Hello, ladies. I'd love, to but I have other plans. (He joins a woman at another table right in front of Amanda) Hi. What is this all about? I think it would be nice if you took us back to Ten Forward. Yes, it's very pleasant, but that's not the point. No. You can't just snatch people and put them in your fantasies and expect them to respond. You're a very lovely young lady. But none of this is real. I know. But you can't make someone love you. Oh, Amanda. You are so beautiful. (he kisses her neck) More than anything. Amanda. What's your impression of the field modulator, Mister Lote? We'd better get going.
What's happening, Mister Worf? Increase to full impulse. Bridge to Transporter room three. Prepare to beam the shuttle crew back once we're in range. Have you got them, O'Brien? Coming apart, Chief. We've got to do it now. [Transporter room] The shuttle broke up just after we beamed you out. Mister Data is coordinating the salvage efforts now. Sir. We've trying to scan it, but it's we're running into lot of interference. It's going to take some time. Understood. [Corridor] It's been a long time since I took genetics, Doctor. Without them we would never mature into adults. So what do we do? I don't suppose that would work with people? That's one option. They would get even younger. [Shuttlebay two] If they're right, would you be able to use the transporter to reverse the effects? Go ahead. On my way. We'll discuss this later. [Bridge] Standard orbit, Ensign. Any sign of the science team? Cause? Any response to our hails, Mister Worf? Maximum shields. Take us out of orbit, Ensign. Mister Worf, prepare to return fire. (Young Picard rushes out of his quarters at the Red alert) Damage report. Lock phasers on target bearing to port. Fire. Shields? Engineering, status report. [Engineering] Initiate intruder alert. All security teams report to (two Ferengi beam in) Computer, deactivate all command functions. Authorisation, Riker Omega Three I'm in command of this vessel. Who are you and on whose authority do you I hope your profit margin's pretty high for this little adventure, because you're risking war with the Federation. So that's what this is all about. What did you do with the science team that was on the surface? You used them as slave labourers. You don't really think I'm going to help you. One thousand fourteen. What is going on? So, son, how are you? And how are your friends, Keiko, Guinan and Ro? What's wrong? I know. The Ferengi made Daddy turn off the main computer. I don't know if they'll let me do that, Jean-Luc, but I will ask. That's right. Then I suppose that's your loss. We consider our families one of our strengths. Even you wouldn't be that cruel. All right. Just so you don't harm my son. Computer, release command control this station. Authorisation, Riker Omega three. Okay, Morta. The Enterprise computer system is controlled by three primary main processing cores, cross-linked with a redundant melacortz ramistat. fourteen kiloquad interface modules. The core element is based on an FTL nanoprocessor with twenty five bilateral kelilactirals, with twenty of those being slaved into the primary heisenfram terminal. Now you do know what a bilateral kelilactiral is? No, of course not. This is the isopalavial interface which controls the main firomactal drive unit. Don't touch that. You'll blow up the entire firomactal drive. That is the firomactal drive unit. It controls the ramistat core and also keeps the ontarian manifold at forty thousand KRGs. (and with his other hand he puts sneaky commands into the computer) The firomactal drive is powered by [School room] So, one more time. The ramistat kiloquad capacity is a function of the square root of the intermix ratio times the sum of the plasma injector quotient. (Picard enters, distracting Morta. Riker knocks him out) [Ready room]
Felis catus, is your taxonomic nomenclature. An endothermic quadruped, carnivorous by nature. The lines. Why? I recognise it. This is Data's poetry. What does C forty seven control? The replicators on decks four through nine are producing nothing but cat food. No, you said I reckon. Mister Data. Geordi, what have you found? That would explain the accent. This is a result of the experimental interface? And what about the computer's recreational data base? Good. [Sheriff's office] (Worf is working on his tactics)
Chief, do you have them? Is everyone all right? Energize. [Bridge]
Bridge to Captain Jellico. We've arrived at the shuttle departure coordinates. Yes, sir. I wasn't aware you wanted to be informed. Acknowledged, Feynman. Good luck.
Aye, sir. The mines are laid.
Could you join us on the Bridge? There they are, Captain. Where is Captain Picard? What have you done with Lieutenant Barclay and Commander Data? Release control of this ship. What do you want? I think you know that's impossible. Oh? Mister La Forge, start working on the problem. Are we far enough away to keep from being pulled in? Riker to Lieutenant Worf. How are you doing? [Corridor] Welcome aboard. Countess. You'll forgive me if I skip the formalities given the circumstances. Please. We had an agreement. We don't have time for this. You release the command codes and we'll talk. Everything has been programmed to operate on voice command. you just tell the computer where you want to go. I suggest you head for Meles Two. It's the nearest inhabited planet, the people are friendly. Where you go from there is your business. Every second we waste puts us in that much more danger. Open shuttlebay doors. (shuttle Sakharov flies off) [Shuttlecraft] Our systems came back online a few minutes ago. We're pulling back to a safe distance. [Holodeck] How did you do it, sir?
Geordi, what's that? Here's your loose panel. (the sound is of a wagging tail hitting the metal. woof!) What is it? It would take a powerful weapon to do that. If that is Uhnari, where's Rocha? Before Uhnari died or after? Did you have any luck downloading the station logs? It's out of sequence. Are there any messages missing? Looks like you've made a friend. We're going to back to the ship. Let me know as soon as you have something. Could it have been a Klingon disruptor? Geordi's found evidence that the encrypted messages have been tampered with, and we are close to Klingon space. Aye, sir. So Klingons did board the station? How's it going? Maybe Rocha didn't make the official logs. Uhnari could have been responsible for them. Aquiel? What was she like? Riker here. We're on our way. [Observation lounge] You said you were trying to get to the weapons locker. Is there a possibility that you did? You're sure? Rocha's file is spotless. Two decorations for valour, three outstanding evaluations from his previous commanders. Doesn't sound like the same man that Lieutenant Uhnari described. I checked into her record, too. Her last posting was on Deriben Five. I spoke to her commanding officer there. He said she was argumentative, quick to take offence. He also told me he transferred her to that relay station because she was hampering their efforts. To be honest, I'm having trouble believing her story, sir. I sent Worf to check the weapons locker on the relay station. There's a phaser missing. Lied, conveniently forgot, I'm not sure. I think it's something we have to consider. Aye, sir. [Corridor] We found this type two phaser in your shuttlecraft. It was taken from the weapons locker on the station. It was set to level ten. Standard procedure requires that all phasers are set on level one when they're in storage. Have you been able to remember anything that happened after he attacked you? Doctor Crusher tells me that in order to inflict the kind of molecular damage found in Rocha's remains, it would take a sustained phaser discharge of at least thirty to forty seconds. That doesn't sound like self-defence to me. Look, we're not here to make accusations. We're trying to find out what happened. Commander Morag is due here in two hours. Let's see what he has to say. Good idea. [Corridor] Geordi, wait a second. Thank you, Mister Worf. This is off the record. I'm saying this as a friend, not your superior officer. I think it would be best if you weren't so personally involved with Aquiel right now. There's a lot about her we don't know. I think you've let your personal feelings cloud your judgement. We found your DNA on the bulkheads and the console. We know you were there. Is that all? So you think that Rocha was killed by one of these organisms? So what boarded the station could have been an organism that looked and acted like Lieutenant Rocha? That means Uhnari is a coalescent. You get Morag. I'm going to the station. Step away from him, Lieutenant. That may not be Lieutenant Uhnari. Step away now. Medical Officer's Log, supplemental. Commander Morag and Lieutenant Uhnari are being kept under close observation. So far, no sign of coalescent behaviour has surfaced. [La Forge's quarters] Aquiel and Morag will be transferred to a secure medical facility at Starbase twelve. Maybe we'll know more by the time we get there. It could be Morag. We don't know for sure. Get some rest. You've had a rough couple of days.
Aye-aye, sir. [Warbird cargo bay] (N'Vek is checking the cargo when Troi enters. There is a guard present)
The Lenarians attacked us outside of the conference room. (Picard has a big hole in his chest) No, not at all. Have a seat. Of course, Lieutenant. Jean-Luc, isn't it? Reliable, steady, (searching desperately) punctual. Perhaps we should discuss this at your next evaluation. Frankly, Lieutenant, I don't think that's realistic. I think I have to agree with the Counsellor. If you want to get ahead, you have to take chances, stand out in a crowd, get noticed. Now, we don't want to lose you. You're a very good officer. Why don't I talk to Commander La Forge in Engineering and we'll see what we can do. Well, we'll see. Acknowledged. A lot of people near death have talked about strange experiences, but I've never heard one so detailed. In what sense? It sounds like he put you through hell. I was just trying to imagine a hell-bent for leather young officer insulting a Nausicaan twice his size. I wish I'd had a chance to know that Jean-Luc Picard. Really?
What's causing it? You'd better check it out. Worf, we need to get your rendezvous schedule to Commander Rudman on board the Merrimac as soon as you Lieutenant, are you all right?
Aye, sir.
Captain. (comes out of turbolift) I was just heading for deck seven. I've put the auto-shutdown sequence on hold until we get back on schedule. Aye, sir. [Turbolift] I must be. Oh? Sure. I'm trying to. Have you met our Commander Data? I'll introduce you. Mister Data, I don't know if you've had a chance to meet our host, Commander Hutchinson. Call him Hutch. Lieutenant Commander Data, our second officer. You're welcome. I'm not sure which one to feel sorry for. Geordi, what happened to the Captain? His saddle? Oh. Lucky him. Thank you. [Sickbay] (Picard drags the unconscious Devor into the room and starts rifling through drawers.) Non-stop. I have to admit it has a certain strange fascination. How long can two people talk about nothing? (Geordi is helping himself to the buffet when his visor picks up something.) What was all that about? No demands, no political statements, no theft. They must want something. Orton may be improvising. Maybe he didn't plan to take us hostage so early and now he doesn't know what to do. Maybe, but we need to figure out how to use it. How is he? I doubt if they'll agree to that. But maybe if we tell them Geordi's dying, they would give us access to a medical kit. We might be able to use some of the tools to make a weapon. Can you make the adjustments on the visor by yourself? It'll look suspicious if you're both working on it. All right. Be as casual as you can. Let us know when you're ready. [Engineering] How is he, Doctor? How long? I think I can distract Orton for a few seconds. You just have to know how to talk to him. Orton, I think we need to discuss the situation. There's a lot to discuss. Can't we be reasonable? It can't hurt you to listen, can it? Thank you. Now, the first thing I think we need to discuss is this. (He knocks Orton down and gets thumped by the waiter in return. The visor is set) [Corridor] (The sweep is halfway through the saucer section) (Picard shoots Pomet in the leg, and he passes out. Picard is just getting his weapon when ) I did. He just didn't like what I had to say. (an alarm sounds, and Orton goes to a computer terminal in a recess) This must be the sign they were waiting for. Mister Data, you will be the only one unaffected by the hypersonic burst. As soon as every else is unconscious, I need you to get to the computer panel and stop that ship somehow. I've had three security teams search deck seven. They couldn't find anything. Mister Worf, I'm surprised at you.
Captain, we'll be arriving at the Borgolis Nebula in three hours. Commander Daren has already requested extra time on the main sensor array. I'm sorry, the array has already been allocated to Engineering. They're running some warp field tests. I understand, but there are other departments waiting to use the array. Commander. I'll see what I can do to find you some more time tomorrow. Fencing? I'm really not very good. Why not? Helm, set course for Bersallis Three. Warp five. Hello. Quantum Mechanics doesn't want to give him up. How do you know that? Transfers are to be approved by me before any offers are made. It's all right. But Cabot should stay where he is. Commander, do you realise the position you're putting me in? Look, I'll review the situation and let you know as soon as I can. [Ready room] May I have a minute? It's about Lieutenant Commander Daren. As a department head, she comes to me for systems allocation, personnel transfers, things like that. I'm beginning to feel uncomfortable with her requests. Yes, sir. No. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. [Picard's quarters] (a romantic dinner) We'll arrive about an hour before the storm gets there. It will take at least two hours to evacuate all the colonists off the surface. How many people would it take to set that up? The storm is going to interfere with communications. Everything will need to be coordinated from the surface. Mister Data, you will coordinate the evacuation of the colonists. Doctor, they have nine patients in the outpost infirmary. Your first priority will be to get them to Sickbay. After that you will stay on board the Enterprise, be ready to receive casualties. Marquez, you will take some people down and track the storm. All the other teams will need to be kept apprised of its heading. Commander, you're in charge of deploying the deflectors. Let's go. Lieutenant Marquez has already set up on the surface. Apparently the storm is still gaining speed. He's estimating [Transporter room] It'll hit the colony in less than fifty minutes. Ensign, make sure you maintain a continuous transporter lock on all away team personnel. We may have to pull them out in a hurry. I don't want to take any unnecessary chances. If they get into trouble, beam them up immediately. I got out with the last of the colonists. If it hadn't been for the perimeter teams, none of us would have made it. We were able to clear out four of the teams, and the interference prevented us from getting two more. I don't know how they could have survived. Three and six. The last I knew, Commander Daren was on team six. [Picard's quarters] (the flute lies in it's box, forlorn)
Computer, lights up. Professor Galen contacted me from his shuttle an hour ago. He suggested that we surprise you. The planet Kurl? It's a hell of a long way outside Federation territory. The Professor is scheduled to meet a Vulcan transport the day after tomorrow. Battle stations. Hail the Yridians. Worf! Standard orbit, Ensign. With all due respect, sir, we've already run into one dead end. Indri Eight doesn't seem much more promising. And we're late for the conference on Atalia Seven. Aye, sir. Ensign, lay in a course for Indri Eight, warp seven. [Ready room] (Picard is shuffling the number blocks on his desk monitor) Riker to Picard. We are approaching Indri Eight. Assume a high orbit. Why would anyone want to destroy all the life on an uninhabited, neutral planet with no strategic importance whatsoever? Slow to half impulse, and take us into orbit above the third planet. You were right, Captain, we've got company. Cardassians. Let's make it look good. Ensign, release the inertial dampers. The power boost to the structural integrity field protected the nacelles. We used the inertial dampers to simulate complete shield failure. How can that be? The Professor's data depends on Lay in a course, Ensign. Full impulse. Riker to Transporter room one. [Transporter room] Transporter room one. I am programming the coordinates. Stand by. [Planet surface] (with rock walls on three sides, ridged as if eroded by water and wind to make handy ledges and paths) Incoming transmission from the Romulan command ship. Acknowledged. [Picard's quarters]
You're absolutely right, Doctor. Right now, I can't imagine ever hurting anybody. I feel terrible. But thanks to you, I'm doing much better now. And I'm confident that when I leave, I will be ready to take my place in society again. Well, now. Right away. You said that when I was able to accept what I'd done and I understood the consequences of my actions, that I would be free to go. No, I'm looking forward to proving my innocence. That's, that's not what I meant. I was sick when it happened. I wasn't responsible for what I did. No. I want to talk about this now. What I need is to get out of this cell. I've been locked in here for days. You've controlled my every move. You've told me what to eat, and what to think, and what to say, and when I show a glimmer of independent thought you strap me down, you inject me with drugs. You call it a treatment. You bet I'm agitated. I may be surrounded by insanity, but I'm not insane. And there isn't any. There isn't. There's nothing. (breaks into a grin) 'm sorry. Could we go back to 'you're becoming agitated'? (and now we discover that they're rehearsing a play, and the Doctor is really Data) I'm still not comfortable with that final speech. Maybe I'm just not right for this part. Like my first year at the Academy. I'll do my best. Right. [Corridor] You control my every move, tell me what to say, what to think. What to eat, what to say. What to think, what to eat. Then when I show a glimmer of independent thought, you strap me down, inject me with drugs, call it a treatment. I may be surrounded by insanity, but I am not insane. (he bumps into an alien crewman coming out of the turbolift) Excuse me. [Ready room] Tilonus Four? Didn't their government just collapse? Can't they go to local authorities? Then I'll have to go down there alone, undercover. Well, I guess I'll have to back out of Beverly's play after all. The south-west quarter covers over two hundred square kilometres. That's a lot of land for one man to cover. I guess I'd better pack an extra pair of boots. It doesn't really match the outfit. Of course I do. It's okay. I guess I really wasn't paying attention. I'd better go to Sickbay. We'll continue this later. [Sickbay] The play's not till tomorrow night. I've still got twenty four hours. (she removes the cut) Right. That still hurts. Probably just a symptom of stage fright. (La Forge and a college bring in a badly burned engineer) I've been on a lot of missions, seen a lot of people injured, but I've never been affected by anything like this. He was looking right at me. It was as if he was blaming me for something. This wasn't the only incident. The last several days, I've felt like everybody's staring at me or talking about me. It's as if I was in Frame of Mind. Beverly's play. Ever since I began rehearsing for the role, I've been uneasy and restless. Right. The play is full of disturbing images. People losing their minds, being tortured by doctors. I can't get it out of my mind. Maybe you're right. Who was that? You just missed him. Is there a new Lieutenant on board? No, I'll check them tomorrow. I'm going to bed early. The performance is tomorrow night. I want to be up for it. I'll try not to take you literally. (and they kiss goodnight) [Stage - Asylum cell] (the performance) You bet I'm agitated! I may be surrounded by insanity, but I am not insane. And nothing you or anyone else can say will change that. And I won't let you or anyone else tell me that I am. You may be able to destroy my mind, but you can't change the fact that I'm innocent. I didn't kill that man! And that's what's driving you crazy. No matter you can say will the fact that I'm innocent! I'm not crazy! I'm not crazy. (quietly) I'm not crazy. (lights down and up again, and standing ovation for Riker) Where am I? How did you get me off the ship? What's going on? I was on the Enterprise in the middle of a play. But it was here. It was not real, it was on a stage. I'm Commander. Commander. A second ago I knew who I was. I was on the ship. I was in a play. And now I'm having trouble remembering anything. Delusional? It was not a delusion. I was there. No. Starbase twenty nine. He had never heard of me, and they had no officer that fit my description. I don't know. My head hurts. Somebody hit me. Yes. I remember that now. But I thought it was a Klingon who had cut me with a knife. Now, if what you say is true, where am I? Why am I here? Wait. (Riker explores his surprisingly spacious cell, with a mirror on the wall) I guess so. (the attendant and an armed guard enter) (re weapon) You won't need that. You have? I'm not that far gone, am I? Your name is Mavek. I am beginning to remember certain things. Why am I here? Blood? What are you talking about? I didn't kill anybody. No. It's not true. You're lying! No! (and he tries to strangle the attendant, but is dragged off and injected with something) [Riker's quarters] (and wakes up with a start in his own bed) (Later, Riker is getting made up for the play) I was there, in Ward forty seven, just like in the play. Everyone thought that I was insane, that I'd actually killed someone. But it was all real. It was a smash. We got a standing ovation. I feel like an actor. No. I want to talk about this now. What I need is to get out of this cell. I'm locked up in here for days. You've controlled my every move. You've told me what to eat, what to think, what to say. (Riker sees the attendant looking through the cell door. He checks that there is an audience watching and the face is gone.) And when I show a glimmer of independent thought, you strap me down, inject me with drugs and call it a treatment. You bet I'm agitated! I may be surrounded by insanity, but I am not insane. And there is nothing you (he's detracted by the sound of a door, and for a moment the audience is gone) What's happening? Nothing you can do will change the fact that I'm innocent. I'm not crazy. I'm not (the alien officer is back between Picard and Riker) You're the key to all this, aren't you? Who are you? Who are you? I. Yes. I don't know This is not a case of simple fatigue. Drugs. They injected me with me drugs. See if the drug's in my system. In that dream they gave me drugs. Didn't anybody at the theatre see anything strange happen during the performance? Right. [Corridor] How's Lieutenant Suna? I feel like such an idiot. Oh? Thank you. I think I'd better get a little rest. Clear my mind a little. They never seem to work for me. Nothing. Nothing. Okay. [Turbolift] (the doors open onto the asylum corridor) It's not real. It's not real. (he closes his eyes and when he opens them again) [Corridor] (he walks round a corner and meets) No! Let me out of here! Let me out of here! Help me! (quiet) Help me. [Asylum common area] I need help. I don't want to be at the mercy of these hallucinations any more. All I know is when I go back to the ship, reality breaks apart. Nothing makes sense. And then when it's over, it fades away like a dream. But when I'm in the hospital, everything here seems real and I remember everything that happens here. Maybe I did kill someone. I don't know. But I want to know how. Meaning? What does that mean? Reflection therapy? And what is the second option? Surgery. It doesn't sound like you care for that option. Option one is beginning to sound better. Reflection therapy, then. When do we begin? I was afraid. (a second beam projects an image) She was on the ship with me. Why her? You said I was terrified. Of what? Who? You what? What happened? How many of them were there? What did he look like? (and the spooky alien is sitting next to Riker) I saw him on the ship too. I also saw him here in the hospital, but I don't know who he is. What part of me does he represent? Doctor? You're all delusions. No, please. Leave me alone! No! (the device removes the images) It's not real. (she sits down opposite him) Not real. [Asylum cell] (Riker wakes to see someone forcing open his cell door. Worf and Data enter) Get away from me! No! Help me! Help me! (the attendant and guard come round the corner. Riker grabs Worf's phaser and runs behind them) It's still bleeding. Mister Suna. It still hurts. It's bleeding again. Why? You just healed it. This isn't real. (Riker knocks Worf down and takes his phaser) If I'm right, you're not really here. This isn't a real phaser. It's all a fantasy, and I'm going to end it, no matter what it takes. You're right, I won't. But I'm going to find out what's real and what's not. (and he points the phaser at his own chest) I still have a phaser. Why do I still have a phaser? I don't believe you. (Mavek steps forward, Riker fires the phaser and he shatters like a broken mirror) If this is a knife, what happened to Mavek? No. If this is a real phaser, then I was on the Enterprise. But I fired it on myself, so I should be dead. None of this is real. I'm setting this to level sixteen, wide field. That should destroy half of this building. Unless, of course, this isn't a real phaser. (Riker fires at the wall, which shatters to show the audience watching the play.) [Theatre Asylum cell] (Cyrus has disappeared) It's all about you, isn't it? You're the only constant, the only person in both places. This isn't real, either. What's happening to me? You're lying. No! (the audience applaud) No! (Riker pushes Suna, and the audience get to their feet, shouting Bravo. Then Riker shatters, the scene shatters and ) [Alien lab] (Riker is lying on a table, with something attached to his temple at the point where he kept bleeding) Riker to Enterprise! Emergency transport. Get me out of here. Captain's log, stardate 46778.1. Commander Riker has returned safely from his mission to Tilonus Four. Doctor Crusher has repaired the damage to his long-term memory. [Ready room] I remember now. I was in an alley. They attacked me from behind. I tried to fight them off with the nisroh Worf gave me. I managed to get off one of them off me but I think they injected me with some sort of drug. I was in a hospital, then I was back on the Enterprise. I was back at the hospital. I kept shifting from place to place. I couldn't tell what was real. The preparation for the mission, the play, those were recent experiences, fresh in my mind. There is one thing I'd like to do first. [Theatre] I'm positive. After everything that I've experienced, I don't think I could sleep knowing it was still up. (and Riker starts ripping apart the cell set)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
What's going on, Mister Data? Beverly? We've arranged for a shuttle to take you to Starbase twenty three. You can leave the ship at oh seven hundred hours tomorrow. About everything that's going on. I'm sorry. I'm sure it will all work out. You know the inquiry's just a formality, and Captain Picard will do everything he can for you. But if you do anything foolish before that inquiry. it's not going to look good for you. I think you do know what I mean. The best thing for you to do right now is go to your quarters and read a good book. If you do anything to make the situation any worse it's going to be that much harder on you. Beverly. I'm saying this to you as a friend. No idea. No one's filed a flight plan. That's the Justman, the shuttle Reyga modified. Get a tractor beam on her.
Data. Interesting night? Sorry I missed it. Very well. Isn't Lieutenant Worf scheduled to replace Ensign Torigan? He's never late. Riker to Lieutenant Worf. Computer, locate Lieutenant Worf. Something's wrong. Mister Data, you have the Bridge. Security team, meet me on deck seven, section twenty five baker. Computer, override security lock on this door. Authorisation, Riker alpha six zero. [Worf's quarters] (it's dark, smoky, with lots of candles and some proper flames which Worf is staring into) Worf, what the hell are you doing? (Later, the place has been cleaned up and Worf is lying on his bed in uniform when the doorbell rings) Worf, no offence, but I have trouble believing that the man I that escorted to deck eight is supernatural.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Any requests tonight? Any request? Ladies and gentlemen, Night Bird. One, two. Go ahead. On my way. Saved by the bell. [Bridge] (at the science stations) You wanted to see me, Mister Data? Is the planet's distortion field re-phasing sooner than we predicted? So we can beam through a higher distortion field. That's a good thing. I almost didn't make it off the surface. When can we get started? How long will the transport window be open? That doesn't give us much time to retrieve the database. Let's hope that's enough. Okay, notify the away team that we're going in ahead of schedule. I'll tell the Captain. This is different than I remember. The place was a mess when we left. Someone was here. Who are you? I'm Commander William Riker from the Federation Starship Enterprise. What ship were you on? That's not what happened. I was the last one out and I made it back to the Potemkin. It's not that we don't believe you. It's just hard to see how both stories could be true. Would you be willing have our Doctor check you out? Mister Worf, take him directly to Sickbay, and notify the Captain once you're on board. Let's get to work. How was the second pattern able to maintained its integrity? Which one of them is real? We still have the problem of retrieving the database. The computer on the station is not completely operational. Without knowing what he did, that'll be tough. How long will we have, Lieutenant? Computer, locate Lieutenant (he dashes in) Cancel inquiry. I guess it's been a while since you've had to punch a clock. Let's go. Energise. [Research station] Check out the primary EPS system. See if you can get some power to the rest of these consoles. Can we access it from here? You know, I've been thinking we should probably let Dad know what happened. Actually, he and I have been able to patch a few things up. I didn't. He came on board the Enterprise to brief me when I was offered the Aries. He couldn't understand why I did it. See if that did the trick. No, it's not working. It's too dangerous. Our scans show the caverns are unstable. We'll come back during the third window, We'll bring a new EPS coupling and try to access the core from another console up here. Riker to Enterprise. We're ready to beam out. Hold it! I gave you an order, Lieutenant. [Troi's quarters] You wanted to see me, sir? The seismic activity makes those caverns very unstable. In my opinion, it's too risky. There's a good chance we will be able to retrieve the database from one of the consoles inside the station. Lieutenant Riker's plan is more dangerous, but it does have a better chance of succeeding. I'll look over the schematics and I'll draw up a mission plan. I'll talk to him. [Engineering] Lieutenant. I just met with the Captain about your mission recommendation. I would appreciate it if next time you came to me first. I heard you, Lieutenant. I rejected your plan. The Captain has decided to go with your recommendation, but that's not the point. If you think I'm coming down on you because the Captain overruled me, think again. I happen to disagree with his decision, but he is my commanding officer and I follow his orders. Just so there's no confusion, I am your commanding officer and I expect you to do the same. If you can't, there's no place for you on my away team. There will be a meeting in the Observation lounge at fourteen hundred hours to draw up a mission plan. [Gymnasium] (Beverly and Deanna are doing the mok'bara exercises) If you want to be with him, you don't have to ask my permission. It's the look in your eyes. I recognise it. You used to have it for me. Flattered, sort of. Ever since he came on board, I find myself thinking about the choice you and I made. Do me a favour. Be careful. That's not what I'm talking about. If he had gotten off the planet instead of me, don't you think he would have made the same choices that I made? I just don't want you to be hurt again. [Cmdr Riker's quarters] Full boat, kings over. I'd like to thank you both for your very generous contributions. (doorbell) Come in. Why don't you join us? (the two Rikers are sitting opposite each other) I'll play these. Here's your fifty. And ten more. No, thanks. You in? I've practised in the mirror too long to be fooled by that face. You're bluffing. Here's your hundred and twenty more. Why don't we wait and see who comes out on top. I've never settled for anything in my life. I know what I want, I know what I've got, and you'd be lucky to do as well. Lieutenant. Now I know you're bluffing. Why don't we get this over with? I'll call your three, and I'll raise you anything you've got left. Well? You're with me, Lieutenant. It doesn't take that much expertise to repair a servo link. You and I can handle it. (the two Rikers leave) You waiting for something? You've been down here dozens of times. I'm sure you know the best way. Why didn't you report this? Scan it now. Next time, don't give up so easily. (they head off across a metal bridge to the core. It gives way and Riker 2 is hanging over a very deep drop. Riker 1 lies down and grabs his arms.) Hang on! Come on, grab on. Come on! Come on, climb! Come on! (but Riker 2 can't get a foothold) I'm being pulled in. Climb! Come on! Climb! Climb! (and finally Riker 2 scrambles to safety over the top of Riker 1) [Research station] I'm sorry. I wanted to give you something. My quarters are full of things that I suppose belong to both of us. The least I could do is give you this. (a trombone, of course) Good luck, Will. I guess we really are different. I never really cared for that name.
I wasn't playing Parrises Squares. No. I was trying to feed Spot. I told him I'd feed him while he was gone. I was just putting down the bowl of food. The next thing I know there's a hissing ball of fur coming at my face. I hate cats. Maybe you'd like to do it. On my way. Oh, by the way, you'll need this. (he throws her a phaser) [Bridge] Report. Romulan? How long before we rendezvous with Captain Picard? Lay in a course for the Romulan ship. Let's put up shields and go to Red Alert. I want to be ready for anything. Damage report. Captain? The feedback from the transfer beam would tear us apart. Got it. Captain? Where's that cat of yours? No reason. I've worked out the new rotation schedules. I'd like you to cross-check the personnel assignments. Notify the department heads. Your Bridge shift begins at twenty three hundred hours. Data, what are you doing? I suppose it depends on how people perceive time. Every situation is different. It depends on how you feel. Well why don't you turn it off? Data, people do not have internal chronometers. Why don't you see what happens if you turn yours off. Just don't be late for your shift. (the kettle whistles, and Data gives it a Look) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
We've received a distress call from the Ohniaka Three Outpost. They said they were under attack. No, we haven't been able to raise them since the initial contact. Stand by phasers and photon torpedoes. They might have attacked before we got here. Worf, Data, you're with me. [Outpost] (Worf, Data, Riker and a female security officer arrive to find the crew of the outpost are slumped over their consoles) This seems brutal even for the Ferengi. Any sign of survivors? How many people were assigned to this outpost? All right. we're going to need to do a room to room search. Worf, you and Corelki start searching the north wing. You and I will take the south. There's not much damage. It doesn't look like they were interested in the station, just the people. Data? Data, are you all right? What happened? They were fast, aggressive, almost vicious. it was more like fighting Klingons than Borg. No offence. There was another difference. I don't believe they were part of the Borg collective. I think they were acting as individuals. One of them referred to himself as I. They seemed more concerned with the death of their colleague and with destroying us. I didn't see anything that suggested they wanted to assimilate anybody. Aye, sir. Red alert! All hands to battle stations. Lay in a course. Engage warp nine. (Picard enters) We received a distress call from the New Berlin Colony. They're under attack. Third time today. Stand down Red alert. Reduce speed. Return to our patrol route. I thought you might like to see this. Geordi's analysis of the subspace distortion the Borg used to escape. We don't have enough information at this point Sending Hugh back to the Borg was a very risky, a very dangerous choice, but it was the moral thing to do. Confirmed. The MS One colony is under attack. Stand by to lock phasers on target. All engines back full. Franklin's dead, sir. This is another change in the Borg behaviour. They left their dead instead of vapourising them. How do they open the conduits? Can we know who's on board? The Borg could have downloaded the codes from Data's positronic net. All hands, battle stations. Navigational sensors show that we've travelled sixty five light years from our previous position. Maybe we can find an energy signature from their engines. I think we've found the shuttle's energy signature. We've traced the shuttle's energy signature to this point on the surface but there's too much interference to scan the location. I think we have to take the risk. Aye, sir. Mister Worf, you're with me. [Planet surface] (near the shuttlecraft El-Baz, in a very gold-brown tint) Riker to Enterprise. We're on the surface. There's no sign of any Borg, or Data. The shuttle appears to be abandoned. There are [Bridge] The engine's been off a little over three hours. [Bridge] I've sent out twelve teams so far. I've got your team searching section gamma two four. Worf and I will take theta one six when the last team comes down. Wallace and Towles. Ready? (Picard, Troi, La Forge and a guard with a phaser rifle head off) (they stop just below the crest of a valley)
I don't believe they were part of the Borg collective. One of them referred to himself as I. I can't contact the Captain. It could just be interference, but I'd like to be sure. Armstrong, you and the others prepare to beam up. Beverly, Worf and I will stay here and look for [Bridge] You pull as many people off the surface as you can and get back to the transwarp conduit. The Captain's orders were to get the Enterprise back to Federation space. [Bridge] Riker to any team leader. Round up everybody who was left behind. Take cover. Try to avoid any contact with the Borg. Riker out. Even if Beverly can get back to Federation space, it'll be a few days before Starfleet can get any ships here. Until then, we're on our own. [Holding cell] With all this interference it could be a hundred metres away and we wouldn't know it. This could take hours. Residual thermal traces. Somebody stood here. They took this path. [Borg hall] Hugh? We considered it. We knew it was a possibility. And then Lore came along. What happened to them? I'm sorry you feel that way. We just came to get our people. We won't cause you any more trouble. Friend? I wish I could tell you about him. We think he may be held inside the compound. Can you at least show us a way into the compound? We'll have to move fast. If we need to stun one of the guards, the Borg will know right away that he's been hurt. I guess we'll have to take that chance. The Enterprise is in orbit. I had them beamed aboard. (Data enters) What made you change your mind, Hugh?
Worf, they're going to be here any minute. If I didn't know you better, I'd say that you were procrastinating. You have spend about five minutes greeting the Iyaarans maybe an hour making small talk at this reception. I'm the one who has to escort them around the ship for the next three days. It's all part of being in Starfleet. There. Protocol. That is an incredibly outmoded and sexist attitude. I'm surprised at you. Besides, you look good in a dress. [Shuttlebay] Do you think there's enough food here, Data? (to woman) Good evening. Worf. Denied. What have you been able to find out about him so far? You must be in heaven. Maybe we should loosen things up a little bit, meet in a less official capacity. How about a friendly game of poker? [Freighter] (Picard is walking around in some discomfort) The bet is ten. That's to you, Ambassador. Wait a minute. Calm down. Stop, Mister Worf! That is an order! You look a little sore. Eleven hours.
Why did he start coughing when he went through the gasses? It looks like this is going to work. Geordi, I'd like to get the probe out of the Jefferies tube and onto the launch bay before we reach Marijne Seven. What is it? Why the body suit? The crew might still be alive. There's no way we can tell from up here. We shouldn't have any trouble going higher. The safety override will kick in at about ninety eight percent tolerance, and that'll disengage the interface. I'm sorry, I didn't know you were Geordi, the probe has entered the planet's atmosphere and I'm ready to take it onto the ship. If you would like to take a couple of days off, I'll run the interface. The interface doesn't have to be fully compatible. I could run it right now. I wouldn't have the same control that you have, but it would still work. The Hera is reason enough. Captain, the probe is through the airlock and in position aboard the Raman. We'll have to take it into the Raman's auxiliary control room. Their Bridge is too badly damaged. [Sickbay] If we set up some sort of relay system? Connecting two points through subspace? So the Hera's in one piece somewhere out there? Geordi, that could have been anything. We'll be in position to use the tractor beam in less than an hour. No, I didn't. Geordi, I may have seemed a little harsh about the situation aboard the Raman. I just don't like the idea of one of my best officers putting himself in unnecessary danger. My mother died when I was a baby. All I have is pictures, and the stories that my father used to tell me about her. I begged him to tell those stories over and over. When I was five and I went to school, I started to tell my new friends those same stories, pretending that she was alive. Then I started believing that she was alive, that she'd just gone away, that she was coming back. The teacher got wind of this, and she and my father had this talk with me. They told me it was important to accept the fact that my mother was dead and that she wasn't coming back. And all the hoping in the world wouldn't make it so. In my mind, that was the day that my mother actually died. I cried all that night. But after that, it started feeling better. Geordi. Geordi. [Laboratory]
Great story. I'll remember it next time I'm in a knife fight. (walks over to Worf) Any luck? Let's go. My friend tells me you know about the man we're looking for. So you can imagine how much this means to me. And how much might anything be? This is my sister. She's angry. She's got a vicious temper. I wouldn't cross her. Yes. Agreed. Now talk. Can you establish a DNA reading? You didn't say anything about a weapon. Come. I'm all right. I think you'd be better at something like that. Or Beverly. She knew him the longest. You don't understand. I can't give the eulogy because I won't be at the service. That's exactly the point. I don't want to heal. I've an open wound, right here. It hurts like hell. I don't want it to get better, and I don't want to pretend that everything's all right. You're damn right! And I intend to stay angry until I find whoever's responsible for the Captain's death. That is enough, Counsellor. Deanna. I'm sorry. This is not about revenge. This is about justice. The Captain died in a bar fight for nothing. Somebody has to answer for that. Then I can mourn. [Bridge] I'll take it in the Ready room. Sir. I have a request, sir. I would like to conduct an investigation into Captain Picard's death. I know that, sir. Frankly, I don't have much confidence in the authorities on Dessica Two. There's every reason to believe that they're corrupt. The Captain's death hit me pretty hard, and I may not be completely objective, but there is no one who is more determined. I won't rest until I find out who's responsible. Thank you, sir. [Yranac's quarters] (the Yridian is eating from a large array of dishes when Riker enters) These are the best quarters we have. I was hoping now that you've had a chance to relax you might have remembered some of the details about the aliens you saw. Something you may have forgotten. They murdered a man in cold blood in full view of everyone in the bar and you can't remember anything about them? Do you know where they went? (Yranac smiles) So you know who they are and you know where I can find them. What do you want? A shuttlecraft? Well, here's my offer. Instead of the ship, I'll give you some time. If you're lucky, you'll only spend the next five years in prison instead of the next twenty. (picks him up by the lapels) You've got twelve outstanding arrest warrants for fraud and petty theft in the Klingon Empire. Tell me what you know, and I'll pull some strings. Maybe they'll reduce your sentence after you've been extradited. I'll think about it. Talk. Where do we find them? You think? Riker to Data. Take us out of orbit. Set course for the Barradas system, warp six. What's the source? What else do we know about Barradas Three? Mister Worf, I'd like a security detail to accompany the away team to the surface. I'll lead the team. Geordi, you're with me. Mister Data, you have the Bridge. He's not. On the Bridge. Not this time. [Ruins] Ensign, you take that area. Geordi? From what? What do you make of these? (charred pits in the ground) It doesn't look like any blast point I've ever seen. The shape is too perfect. Looks as if someone could have just dropped them. (the spare security guard gets shot, everyone takes cover from the incessant energy weapons) (to security woman) I'm going to head for those trees over there. If I can get there, we might be able to set up a crossfire. (Riker makes it to some rocks and gets knocked out by a blast. The mercenaries get him and beam away) William T. Riker, Commander, SC two three one dash four two seven. We were studying the ruins. It was a scientific expedition. Then what were you doing there? (Baran presses a device on his belt, and a gizmo on Riker's neck sends him to his knees in pain) What happened to him? And what Riker might that be? That's right. I've gotten out of them before. Let me do it. I've had a lot of experience with this sort of system failures. I might be able to do something. Looks like you've got a control logic lockout in your regulator subsystem. I'm going to attempt to run an active bypass through the plasma flow convertor. You, (Narik) start running phase-lock feedback through that regulator. I want about a six second delay. We'll all be dead anyway. Just need a few more seconds. If you want to make sure that doesn't happen again, you'd better re-initiate your regulator sub-compressors. A full diagnostic of your intermix chamber wouldn't hurt either. (to Picard) You still wish you'd killed me? [Ruins] I was looking to find the people who killed you on the surface. A witness said they saw you vaporised. I don't understand any of this. Who are these people? What are you doing involved with them? And then you became part of their crew? Why? That's why you set up the engine failure, because you knew that I'd be able to fix it. All right. I'll do what I can. (Baran enters, Picard hits Riker) I'm aware of that, Lieutenant, but your outpost is in imminent danger of attack. I would like to station security personnel on the surface for your protection. Now, I'm ordering you to drop your shields. That's ridiculous. When did I have a chance? Mister Data, withdraw the Enterprise. That's an order. [Bridge] I've never explained my orders before. I'm not about to start now. (ends transmission) I won't let him blow this ship into space. If I can set up a low level comm. link between the two ships, I can use my personal command codes. I can deactivate the shields. It worked. The shields are dropping.
My friend tells me you might know about the man we're looking for. This is about justice. The Captain died in a bar fight for nothing. (the kidnap of Riker from the ruins) Then what were you doing there? Then you became a member of their crew? You're welcome. I don't know. How did that feel? That sounds like good news. Really? I can't say I'm sorry to hear that. Oh? Yes, I must say I've come to the same conclusion. I guess I'd start looking for a new career. There must be a place where someone with fifteen years of Starfleet technical knowledge would be useful. You wouldn't happen to know a place like that? I haven't exactly sworn my undying allegiance to you either, Baran. For instance, I'd like to know a little bit more about the job. Such as what you meant by a very profitable mission. Sounds promising. Why? Okay. Good to see you, too. As a matter of fact, it was Baran who sent me here. He told me to pretend to be friendly with you and help you organise a mutiny, so he can determine who your supporters in the crew and then eliminate them. When we reach the Hyralan Sector, we're supposed to rendezvous with a Klingon transport ship. I'm not sure, but I think they may be delivering another of the Romulan artefacts to us. Vulcan? Do these artefacts have some religious or cultural significance, something that would make them valuable enough to kill for? You're supposed to verify its authenticity, and then I'm supposed to kill you, and I take your place. I could get us on the Enterprise. I can find the artefact. I have saved your life twice already, Galen. I would think you'd begin to show some gratitude by now. I haven't forgotten. Watch that door. I guess you're surprised to see me, Doctor. I've had a change of profession. Use your brain. They wouldn't be searching the shuttle if they had the artefact. Koral must have it. Where is that Klingon pilot? Twelve decks away. They won't get the chance. We'll use the transporter in that shuttle. We'll beam directly to the Observation lounge. Sorry about this. (Riker shoots Worf and Crusher) Let's go. [Observation lounge] Quiet! (Picard scans Koral) Does he have it? (Picard takes a small item from Koral's jacket) Really? Then I guess adding one more charge wouldn't hurt. (Riker shoots at Picard and misses. Picard doesn't miss) This is going to take a little time to explain. [Mercenary Bridge] Put it through in here. Minister, I thought I should let you know that the mercenary ship which has been raiding planets in the Taugan sector is probably on its way to Vulcan right now. I'm sorry. It's been a difficult couple of days. I know that one of your operatives has been on a mercenary ship investigating the possible re-assembly of a psionic resonator. I didn't want someone to make a mistake and start firing at them when they approach your planet. Once we realised that you were no longer on the mercenary ship, we scanned the surface for your neural implant. We tracked the signal into the caverns. What's going to happen to the mercenaries? Wait a minute. You've been declared dead. You can't give orders around here. Data, he was joking. You know that, right? Data? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Something wrong, sir? Bad news? My condolences. Can't you think of some excuse to get out of it? Aren't you going to answer that, Mister Data? That damn ringing. Answer it, will you? I think he's on to you, sir. Talk about going nowhere fast. Are you going to answer that, Commander? (Riker has a straw sticking out of his temple) What are you waiting for? Answer it. (Data removes the telephone receiver from his stomach) I just wanted to broaden his horizons. Besides, he likes it. Worf, it's better than music, it's jazz. (the turbolift doors open, and Data approaches Riker with the raised bloody implement. They restrain him) Medical emergency. Deck seventeen, section three alpha. What about me? Did you see one of those mouths on my head as well? What are we dealing with here? Are these creatures feeding on us? Do we know where these things came from, Mister Worf? Data also saw a straw in my head and then Beverly discovered an organism in the same place. Will someone answer that damn ringing! Captain, the ringing is getting worse. Will somebody please get that! (Geordi answers the phone in Data's tummy)
She was working, but she said she would be (doors open) Speak of the devil. She's under a lot of stress. She's preparing the Cairn to meet with the Federation Council. Maybe you just need to sit and talk with her. (Riker puts his hand on Troi's) Mrs Troi.
Riker to Captain.
The Fleming's last contact with Starfleet was four days ago. According to them, there was nothing out of the ordinary when they entered the Corridor. They haven't. I've already spoken to the Hekaran government. According to them, only one ship has passed through the system in the last week. It was a Ferengi trader. I wouldn't put it past them. I think we should prepare for that contingency. That's the same Ferengi vessel that entered the Corridor a week ago. That would explain why they haven't respond to our hails. If they did hijack the Fleming, they sure didn't get very far with the cargo. Ready phasers. Prepare to return fire. They were just playing dead. Conserving power until we got in close enough. Somehow I don't think they'll let us beam over there and ask them. Whatever happened to your ship may not have been an isolated incident. A Federation Medical transport was recently lost in that corridor. Can you give us an idea of its heading? Could be a ship's log recorder, or a probe casing. Just like the Ferengi ship. All decks, security alert. That's how you rationalise these attacks? You can call it whatever you like. The fact remains you deliberately disguised your probes. You made them look like signal markers. You hid them in debris field. You mined the Corridor. Fleming on long range sensors, approximately zero point three light years away. The vessel appears to be intact. They have shields, but it looks like their subspace systems are out. They appear to be in pretty good condition. According to our sensors their shields back to full strength. Prepare for impact. (KaBOOM! and a purple afterglow) Shields at maximum. Full reverse. It's incredible. What was that? Can we risk going in there to get them out? I don't think we have a choice. It would take weeks to reach them at impulse. Coast? All right, let's say we initiate a full power warp pulse. How much time do we need to drop out of warp? That doesn't give us much time, and it could get pretty rough in there. The course to the Fleming is plotted and laid in, sir. All transporter rooms are standing by. They might have been able to repair their engines. I don't think we're going to make it. What about the Fleming? All transporter rooms, prepare emergency evacuation procedures. Data, what if we forced an EPS discharge through the impulse reactor. Would that be enough to get us out of here? How, Geordi? We could ride it through the rift and then break away once we're clear. That is, if we survive the ride. Our hull stress is already critical. We can't handle many more jolts like that. We're lucky the rift took place as far away from the planet as it did. It gives us some time to consider our options.
Bridge to Engineering. We've established a synchronous orbit over the drilling site. Good work, Data. [Bridge] Data, we're going to have to terminate the beam if this keeps up. Doctor Tainer, we'll meet you in transporter room two. Bridge to Data. There's been a cave-in in one of the magma pockets. You're needed in transporter room two. How long, Geordi? All right, but I want you in and out of there as quickly as possible. Riker to Data. Are you there? We're reading an increase in seismic stress levels. Data, are you all right?
It looks like we're going to have to head into to the Argus Array. This is the third time this year it's stopped relaying data. Starfleet's beginning to think it's more than a simple malfunction. I want you to start a long range scan once we get. Lieutenant? Are you listening to me? You seem awfully tense for a man who just came back from vacation. What's the matter with you? A surprise party? Mister Worf, I hate surprise parties. I would never do that to you. Settle in. I'll meet you on the Bridge. I love surprise parties. (after the opening titles, seventeen or so candles are lit on the chocolate cake, and to the tune of For He's A Jolly Good Fellow) Captain Picard sends his birthday wishes. He was needed on the Bridge. (Worf cuts a huge slice of soft cake) That can't be right. We were told the Array stopped relaying data six days ago. What's in that sector? Captain. I suggest we beam a repair crew aboard the Array. We can begin downloading their imaging logs, find out what the Array's been observing for the past six days. Mister Data? [Ten Forward] Charming fellow. Neither have I. What are you waiting for? Raise the shields. (the tactical station has a raised box behind the Captain's chair) (taking over tactical) Firing photon torpedoes. Full spread. Direct hit on their main reactor. They're returning fire. (Boom) No, sir. They are firing on the Argus Array. They destroyed it, sir. Memory loss? What are you talking about? What? Are you saying that Worf's quantum signature is different from ours? Mister Worf, you say the discontinuities started to occur after you returned from a Bat'leth tournament on Forcas Three. Now, I know for a fact that you never attended that tournament and that no shuttlecraft has left the Enterprise for over a month. Do you remember the route you took to return? Let's backtrack that course. See if there are any unusual readings or anomalies. Four years. Ever since Captain Picard was killed in the incident with the Borg. You don't remember any of this, do you? Full stop. Analysis, Mister Data. On screen. Is it dangerous? Red Alert. Yesterday they destroyed one of our subspace telescopes because they thought we were using it to spy on them. Return fire. Can we disengage the pulse? What the hell is happening? I wish I knew what to tell them. Mister Data, can we stop these incursions? How would that help? What then? How do we get the Enterprises that are already here back to where they belong? Lieutenant Crusher, send a general hail, all ships. This is Captain Riker of the Enterprise. That is, the Enterprise which is indigenous to this universe. We've all encountered a quantum anomaly. We think we have found a way to return all of us to our proper realities, but we need to find that ship which exhibits a certain quantum signature. Our Mister Data will transmit that signature to you now. (a not too brief pause) Anything? On screen. Data believes that by sending Worf back through the fissure again, it would return us all to our proper realities. We need you to send us your shuttlecraft Curie. Thank you. It's good to see you again, Captain. It's been a long time. (viewscreen Picard looks at his Riker, and Worf) [Shuttlebay] Did they send the right shuttle? Good luck. (Data and Riker leave. Worf and Deanna embrace, then kiss) [Shuttlecraft] The Bajorans again. On screen. (a bad signal and a Riker with a full ragged beard) I'm sorry, there's no choice. If this works, everything will return to Open fire. Try to disable them. What happened? Probably from fighting with the Borg. So you think this quantum fissure is nothing that we need to worry about? I'm looking forward to reading your report. (Worf hesitates outside his quarters) Something wrong? Surprised? I don't know what you're talking about.
Understood. [Bridge]
The distress call came in only four days ago. Why would Doctor Rozhenko have waited so long before sending it? Is there any danger to the ship? He could be hurt. Maybe he can't respond. It's not like him to the post. That can't be native to the planet. The Boraalans don't have anything close to that level of technology. You can't be serious. I thought you had compensated for that. Helm, take us out of orbit. Set a course for Starbase eighty seven, warp five. What happened? What's the source? All right, Mister Worf, get a security team on it. [Corridor] We can reach that in forty two hours at maximum warp, sir. All right, everybody. Back off, back off.
That's one hell of a thunderstorm. It just sort of rolled in on us, sir. We've traced the problem to the power transfer beam. There's some sort of feedback coming from one of the colony's weather substations.
Fletcher has more experience with propulsion systems. I guess you're right. Didn't we just do crew evaluation reports? It seems like three weeks. Why don't we just give everybody a promotion and call it a night, Commander? Could we have two coffees, please. (at another table, four young people hear Troi's laughter) I've been thinking about who to promote to Ops. Lavelle is an obvious candidate, but I'm also considering Ensign Sito. Lock phasers on target. Helm, hard to starboard. Fire phasers. (a pause as she finds the right buttons) End simulation sequence. Secure from drill. Alpha shift, your response time was seven percent slower than the gamma shift. All departments, submit drill evaluation reports [Engineering] What happened back there, Ensign? Next time, try letting the locking relay float until the actual order to fire is given. They may not teach that trick at the Academy, but it works. Lavelle. Resume previous course and speed. One aye is sufficient acknowledgment, Ensign. (Picard enters) What happened to the rendezvous with the Clement? Ensign Sito, take over at Ops. Ben. (to bartender) How you doing? Lavelle. Something I can do for you? Is there something wrong with that one? Trakian Ale. Really? A grandfather? No, I grew up in Alaska. Yeah. We're holding position in the Argaya System. They must have been forced to abandon the ship. Notify Doctor Crusher. Twelve hundred hours. Alpha shift is relieved. Now's not the best time. I've been meaning to talk to you about something, Mister Worf. I don't think Ensign Sito's prepared for the Ops position. I'm listening. [Lavelle + Taurik's quarters] Very well, I'll take her under consideration. Besides, I'm not convinced about Lavelle. He's too eager to please. He's always trying to ingratiate himself to me. There's your fifty, and one hundred more. What? We're not at all alike. Looks like it's just you and me. You going to go another fifty? I happen to like poker. Maybe I have been a little hard on Lavelle. I am your worst nightmare. [Lavelle + Taurik's quarters] (Lavelle has sevens and sixes, and a queen) Come on, Geordi. You don't have to quit just because I'm unbeatable? I'll be there. Come in. You're welcome to give it a try. As his ship was destroyed, he'll be using one of our shuttles. Joret will attempt to talk his way past the patrol. Since the pod is so small, it will be difficult to detect. Report. Try narrowing the scan field. See if you can pick up any biosigns. You're scanning for Bajoran lifesigns. Nothing yet. The pod is thirty two hours overdue. Launching a probe into Cardassian space would be a treaty violation.
I knew I could count on my Imzadi, the ship's Counsellor to boost my self-image. Did you come here for something in particular, or just general Riker bashing? What brought this up? Ah, the class reunion. You saw a few old friends who had already taken the test? Why the past two years? I do. Deanna, if you take the Bridge Officer's test, you'll have my complete support. But as First Officer, I'll be the one judging your performance, and you should know I am a pretty tough judge. We'll start tomorrow morning, oh eight hundred hours. [Garvin's home] (the local medicine woman is checking him over) Congratulations. You just destroyed the Enterprise. Don't feel bad. You passed everything else. Diplomatic law, first contact procedures, Bridge operations. The Engineering qualification's one of the toughest parts of the test. I'm afraid I can't tell you that. It's the kind of a test that you'll have to take again if you want to be a Bridge Officer. Only next time, the problem won't be so easy, so I suggest you study up on your emergency procedures. I don't know. I'm afraid I can't tell you that either. [Town square school] No. I'm actually here to tell you that I've decided to cancel the rest of your test. I'm cancelling the test. You've taken the Engineering qualification three times. You're no closer to passing. Deanna, this is nothing personal. Not everyone is cut out to be a Bridge Officer. I don't think this is for you. That's right, there is. You could spend the next month memorising all the technical manuals in the computer, I still don't think you'd pass the test. There is a solution. I can't. As much as I care about you, my first duty is to the ship. I cannot let any Bridge Officer serve who's not qualified. I'm sorry. (Riker leaves, Troi is angry then the penny drops) End simulation. Something told me you wouldn't let this go. Congratulations. You passed. That's right. You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative, and then you made the hard choice. Come on, let's get out of here, Commander. [Garvin's home] You'd remember him. He would have appeared very strange. Pale skin, gold eyes. Where is he? (Gia points to a plaque on a stone) You're saying he's dead? What happened to these pieces of metal? Data. We could beam him and the probe fragments right onto the ship. No one would know. [Sickbay] We don't know much about what happened either. Apparently you saved an entire village from radiation poisoning.
That's over two sectors away. That's a long time alone in the dark. Can you correct for it? These symbols don't match anything in the Federation linguistic banks. How did it get in? The sensors? They've been scanning that comet for the past eighteen hours. Maybe it's about time we found out. Could we use the phasers to melt down the shell of the comet? How? What do you think they mean? That's older than the comet itself. Could someone from the D'Arsay system have built it? Why would they want to hide something like that inside a comet? Do you think it's just trying to make contact with us? Captain? We've confined the system corruption. It won't be spreading any further. But we still have alien symbols floating around on our computer. This is quite a collection you've assembled. I've seen these things all over the ship. They all look the same. Primitive and non-functional. Do you think Data could be right? Could we have stumbled across some sort of alien library? I keep seeing this design. What do you think it means? The words that Data recognised in the computer, boundary, border, road, they were all arranged in this design. And death? One of the symbols was death. What do you think it represents? The archive just activated some kind of tractor beam, sir. We're not able to disengage it. [Data's quarters]] There was an emergency reported in Ten Forward. Mister Worf's on his way. Maybe we'd better talk in here. The Observation Lounge has turned into a swamp. What about communications, sensors, life support? And create the temple? Initiate transformation. Isn't that a little risky? Another mask. You're going to try to pose as Korgano?
Riker to Bridge. We've almost reached the nacelle tube. What happened? (to Worf) See if you can help shut down the plasma flow. Dan, it's me. It's Will Riker. I was here yesterday, remember? Whatever happened, we can talk about it. I want to help. I just want to see your face, that's all. So we can talk. Dan, no! Tell me what happened. Maybe I can help. A few more seconds I could've saved his life It was strange. I felt as if he didn't even recognise me, although I was with him just the other day when I supervised the tube refit. Fine. I complimented him on getting the refit done faster than expected. He was pleased that I'd noticed. He was a good officer with a fine career ahead of him. I don't understand why he wanted Whose emotions were they? I thought you said were alone. How could you get an empathic impression from an empty room? What do you mean? Could his death have left some sort of empathic echo? How long? This time I want someone with you. Mister Worf. Two Til'amin froths, please. I'd like to think so. I'm not sure yet. Why, are you interested? I appreciate it, but that really wouldn't be necessary. Is there someone in particular that you're talking about? Mister Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he can start dating his sister.
You know Rebecca Smith? We took a walk in the Arboretum. We sat down, we got comfortable, things got a little romantic, and then I rolled over. (Riker has wicked long spines sticking out of his back. Ogawa starts pulling them out.) Worf? Lock on phasers. Even for your newly improved phasers? Captain, the shuttle pilot who's on duty is Lieutenant Hayes. Understood. Enjoy yourself. Problem? I'll have Geordi run a diagnostic of the torpedo bay itself. Maybe he can find something. Lieutenant, are you all right? No, you're not. You've been working for six hours straight. You're tired. Take a break. That's an order, Lieutenant. [Ten Forward] (Worf is wolfing down food) Wait a minute. Slow down. I lost you back there. Which sensor clusters? I'll look this over later. Go ahead. You run your diagnostic. I'll inform the other departments about the power systems. He's full of energy today. The weapon systems? That's right. Tell them, tell them we haven't finished yet. [Troi's quarters] (Troi is in a bath, fully clothed, when Worf enters) Are you saying that Worf is spraying this Venom all over the ship? I'm having trouble concentrating myself. It's like my mind keeps wandering. I can't (La Forge runs in) I don't know. What do you think? Okay. Sounds good. Then you'll take care of that security thing? Okay, I'll notify Starfleet. I'll let them know what's happening. You have your orders. (Barclays already out the door) Dismissed. (Ogawa stands, resting with her knuckles on the desk, looks around then walks out with a very rolling gait.) Computer, send a subspace message to Starfleet command. Security channel authorisation. Computer.
Admiral Necheyev has just beamed aboard. She's being escorted right here. Earl Grey tea, watercress sandwiches and Bularian canapés. Are you up for a promotion? Tension is hardly the word I'd use. Is there any reason she shouldn't feel welcome here? Thank you, Admiral. Captain. (Riker and Security leave) So much for your reprieve from Starfleet. Do you believe that? The Cardassian ship is powering its weapons and it's transporters.
Will we be holding position here until it arrives? I'll let them know they can have more access to the lateral sensor grid. Gin'tak? Do you have any idea who was behind the attack? One of my officers was almost killed. That makes it my concern. Why didn't you warn him before the attack was made? Why didn't you let us know about it? What do you think they were after? At one point they were at Deep Space Nine, trying to sell bilitrium explosives. Maybe we can find them. We've arranged for quarters on the ship, if you'd like to stay. Any luck? Have you been able to contact Deep Space Nine? On screen. Quark. I see you remember me. And how could I forget that you didn't have enough latinum to cover my winnings? Not exactly. You can spend latinum just about anywhere. Those vouchers are only good at your bar. Actually, I was hoping you could help me with something else. I'm looking for some Klingon friends of mine. The Duras sisters, Lursa and B'Etor? Do you know where I can find them? What kind of rumour? And how much would your confidence cost? I have enough for twelve bars of latinum. I'd be glad to return them. What for? All right. I'll send those vouchers to you. So long, Quark. (transmission ends) How long would it take us to get to the Kalla system? Why would he? I'd just be knocking on his door again in a few days, and I wouldn't be in as good a mood. Take us out of orbit. Set a standard orbit. Any evidence of a mining expedition? Life signs? Assemble an away team. [Mine] Put it on screen. Scan for magnesite in its hold. Then we're too late. The sisters have already been here. That's odd. Hail them. I'm Commander William Riker from the Federation Starship Enterprise. Our sensors indicate that you're carrying magnesite ore. Where did you get it? Where is this Corvallen now? I'm under orders to acquire some magnesite. Would you be interested in selling me the ore you're carrying? You haven't heard my offer. Half a gram of Anjoran biomimetic gel. Once we verify the purity of your ore, we'll beam over the gel. (transmission ends) Have the transporter room beam the ore to these coordinates. I know. Lock phasers on the ore and fire. Put a tractor beam on it. The Yridians had only part of the shipment in their hold. I realised we had arrived before they had completed the transfer. On screen. I don't think so. We know you're dealing in stolen ore. But I want to talk about the assassination attempt on Lieutenant Worf. We have evidence that you're behind it. Beam over. We'll show you. Mister Worf. You said there was other evidence they were involved. We'll set a course. I want this thing cleared up.
Bok is trying to use his transporter. [Bridge]
I don't think there's any possibility of developing sites in this region. Most of the stars are main sequence binaries. There are no M-class planets. Who gave that command? That would leave us without warp power for more than a week. Where are we? Where did these nodes come from? What do you propose we do? Whatever's going on. our first priority is getting back control of the ship. All right. Let's do it. [Corridor] I thought you shut down the entire system. This should be interesting. [Holodeck- train] (a knight in armour is cutting a newspaper, a rustic is standing, two 1920's women and a man are working on a jigsaw, a gunslinger takes a piece out of his pocket and adds it to the jigsaw) You weren't kidding, Mister Data. See if you can access the circuits that have been affected by the nodes. (an American train conductor enters) All right, go ahead and depolarise the entire power grid. I believe we left our tickets in our compartments. Mister Worf, I told you to bring the tickets. All right, let's get out of here. [Engineering] But why the holodeck? It doesn't make any sense. And when the engineer tried to protect us, one of the characters shot him. Are you saying the ship is under the control of the holodeck? Data, what are you suggesting? That's true. It sees with its sensors, it talks with its communications systems. I don't know how or why, sir, but warp power appears to be back to normal levels. We appear to be on a course for Tambor Beta six. It's a white dwarf star. [Holodeck - Engine room] The ship is using a modified tractor beam to collect vertion particles from the star. The particles are being routed through the transporter system into cargo bay five. What do you mean? The beam's exhausted the supply of particles in the star. There's nothing left to take out. We're heading for the Cordannas system. It's the nearest one to our last position. Vertions usually occur in miniscule amounts. Do you think either of these phenomena could produce enough of them? Now let's see if we can get this ship to go where we want. [Holodeck- train] The nodes are deactivating all over the ship. Our systems are beginning to function normally again.
Bridge to Picard.
Captain. No, sir. His security scans came up negative. They're still checking the sensor logs but there is no indication that you ever left the ship. What happened? What is it? And yet in both the past and the present there's a report of the same anomaly in the Devron System. I find it hard to believe that that's a coincidence. Deanna, it's going to be a late night. Would you like to have some dinner first? Oh. I see. I'm sorry. I'll see you in the morning. Worf. [Bridge] I'm sorry. Be prepared to take command. Aye, sir. I'm just a little distracted. I'm fine. Red alert! [Observation lounge] Captain, maybe not acting is what causes the destruction of mankind. What if you were needed on the Bridge at a key moment, and you weren't there? What makes you say that? A face off. The question is, who's going to move first? I had a feeling you weren't going to listen to me. Stand by. I'll see if I can get the Klingons' attention. (Enterprise phasers slice through the Klingon shields and ships. KaBOOM!) Our sensors indicate your ship has a warp core breach in progress. Prepare for emergency beam out. [Future Bridge] (everyone is beamed onto the bridge) Raise the shields. Where are the Klingons? They'll be back. As I said, I figured you wouldn't take no for answer. (to Worf) But I thought you had more sense than to send a defenceless ship across the border into hostile territory with no escort. Take us out of here. Full impulse. (KaBOOM) All right, let's get out of here. Engage cloak. All right, we'll do it the old-fashioned way. Set a course for the Federation, warp thirteen. We can't stay, Captain. They tried to decommission her about five years ago. One of the advantages of being an Admiral is you get to choose your own ship. It's been going on for over twenty years. Doesn't look like it's going to end any time soon. I tried at Deanna's funeral. He wouldn't even talk to me. Oh, yeah? Well he wasn't the only one. I never did anything to stand in his way. Did I? I didn't want to admit that it was over. I always thought that we'd get together again. And then she was gone. You think you have all the time in the world, until. Yeah. [Future - Corridor] The only place we're going back to, sir, is bed. All right. Just for the moment lets say that you're right. What do we do? Riker to Bridge. Set course for the Devron system, maximum warp. Worf, we could use a hand. [Future - Bridge] Full stop. On screen. Mister Data, we need a solution and we need it now. Isn't there something more we can do here to seal the rupture somehow? How do we do that? Very well. Ensign, take us in. [Past - Bridge] Is it having any effect? [Past - Bridge] Any time, Doctor. I cheat. I'm kidding. Maybe that's why he told us. Knowing what happens in that future allows us to change things now, so that some things never happen. (Worf and Riker look at each other) Come in. Of course not. Pull up a chair. Come. (Picard enters, and everyone stares) Is there a problem, sir? Of course. Have a seat.
