Langour, anyone? How dare you suggest that my brother set up this robbery! He's going to kill us. He says we were in with Croden. Oh, you are clever, brother. Now, Ah-Kel will rid us of Croden and Odo. Oh, no. Then Croden would tell Ah-Kel the truth about our plan. We're dead. We're dead. You shouldn't have told him how to find them. Do you really think so?
Come in. (Quark enters with two trays of bottles.) Oh. It's you? Nog. I guess I wasn't thinking. Can I help it if I'm excited? My son is coming home. Root beer? His favourite. I don't know how to thank you, brother. You think he'd mind if I had one for myself? Mmmm. And bubbly. (Doorbell) That's him! That's him! Come in. (Odo enters) Constable. Care for a root beer? Federation Grand Jury? Brother, what have you done now? Brother. I'll say hi to Nog for you. [Runabout Rio Grande] Snail juice. Extra shells. Make it a double. Captain, may I join you? I wanted to ask you about Nog. You know, my son? Have you noticed anything strange about him lately? I've noticed. You think it's the Academy? I was afraid he might be a changeling. So while he was asleep, I drew some blood, just to make sure. (Rom shakes the vial.) It's been eight hours. So far, so good. Nog's moved back in with me, you know. It's horrible. He put me on report the other day. Said my tool kit was untidy. That's the exact word he used. Untidy. I was hoping living with Jake would relax him. Nog says Jake is a slovenly, undisciplined, unfocused writer. And I wish Nog had Jake's ability to enjoy himself. Those two could learn a lot from each other.
I can't help it. My son's future is being decided at this very minute. A cadet's uniform. I got it for Nog. I had Garak make it to order. It cost five strips of latinum. Why not? Well, now he'll have two. [Promenade, upper level] You've always been so good with spatial orientation. Remember the time we redid the floors, and you managed to stack all the chairs so they fit behind the bar? I know what you did. You know what's wrong. You reconfigured the holosuite so that Nog would fail the spatial orientation test. You had no right to interfere. I've already told Commander Sisko what you did and he's going to let Nog retake the test. You heard me. And if you ever do anything to hurt Nog again, I'll burn the bar to the ground. Oh yes I would. My son's happiness is more important to me than anything, even latinum. Remember that, brother. [Odo's quarters] He's coming! He's coming. (Rom brings in Nog, wearing the Starfleet uniform.) Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to introduce Starfleet's future. My son Nog.
Brother. We need to talk. But it's important. It's about our mother. Sorry. But I tried contacting her this morning and I couldn't get through. I tried the Tower of Commerce. There was no answer there either. Brother, you don't understand. I can't get a hold of anyone on Ferenginar. Not Cousin Gaila, not Lek. I tell you, something's very wrong. Hello, Aluura. She's so nice. Think of the terrible repercussions to the Alpha Quadrant. Brother, did you hear that? They've captured Irtok as well. Moogie, the Nagus, Cousin Gaila. They're all dead. They're alive! Nice work. [Airlock] Moogie! I was so worried. Moogie, do you think it's a good idea to be wearing clothes in public? In public? It sounds good to me. That explains the communications blackout. Grand Nagus Brunt? Brother, we're in trouble now. Brunt hates us. Nagus, you remember my son, Nog, don't you? He's the first Ferengi to join Starfleet. And this is my wife, Leeta. The Nagus summons you to a meeting here on Deep Space Nine. There's profit to be earned. Yes, I'm talking about the Grand Nagus. Wait. Don't end the transmission. That's not a very nice thing to say about the Nagus. Hello? Hello? Maybe if we made some follow up calls. I don't think Slug-o-Cola has changed it's advertising slogan in three hundred years. Drink Slug-o-Cola. Grand Nagus Brunt. I don't suppose you're here to reminisce about the time you helped my brother and me rescue Moogie from the Dominion. That is ironic. How did you know Nilva was coming here? Me too. Moogie, please don't die. Are you sure you didn't do or say anything that might have upset her? Doctor, how's Moogie? Well I suppose we should contact Nilva and tell him the meeting has to be postponed. Boy, when things go wrong. What about Leeta? Maybe she can meet with Nilva. She handles my finances and she's a female. We're doomed. If she were here, we wouldn't have a problem. She'd what? Doctor Bashir certainly did a wonderful job on you. I'd call the operation a complete success. Very nice. You see, brother? You look lovely. (Quark bursts into tears.) You mean, her hormones. Don't cry, Brother. Here, let me show you. Watch carefully. (does a ladylike walk) You see? It's more of a glide. And when you sit, make sure your knees are touching. And don't forget to relax your shoulders, but keep your bottom tight. (Leeta looks worried.) What? Why me? It comes in handy sometimes. Tighten your bottom. What do we do? And your sitting. No woman is complete without earrings. Why does everyone keep looking at me? Come in. (Nilva enters with Nog behind him.) Have fun. [Quark's] (Quark and Nilva walk to a corner table. Quark is still having problems in high heels. A waiter comes over.) That would be nice, but Brunt's going to fight you at every turn. You are so lucky. No man ever gave me a ring.
I gave him the night off. He's studying for his Starfleet exams. He's a very dedicated student. He doesn't want to be human, brother. He just wants to join Starfleet. Relax, brother. Nog isn't going to destroy the Ferengi way of life. He just wants a job with better hours. (A well-dressed Ferengi enters. Everyone say Hi! to  Jeffrey Combs again.) The Ferengi Commerce Authority. (Brunt puts a notice up by the door.) We're in trouble. All right, everyone. The bar is closed. Everybody out. Go, go, go. Now, everybody. This way. Out. Everybody out. (After the opening titles, Brunt is going over ledgers) So, how do you get to be an FCA liquidator anyway? But you told me (A thump as Quark kicks Rom.) Yes, brother. Earning profit? Our Moogie? [Security office] Brother, wait. I'm coming with you. Yes, I am. You told me not to do it. No, I'm not. The bar's closed. There's no reason why I can't come along. You mean Moogie? But she likes it. Well, she does. Somebody has to. After all, she is our mother. Now, I'm coming with you and that's final. It's good to be back, isn't it, brother? But you haven't been here in twenty years. Mother certainly has been acquiring quite a few new things. Doubtlessly with the generous stipend you give her. Look, brother. The latinum tooth-sharpener I used when we were children. Moogie! And you look dressed. But Moogie, he's a stranger, and you're a female. You mean we're leaving so soon? Same old Moogie. Tube grubs, extra juicy, just the way you like them. Serving dinner. She's not feeling well. Actually, all she has is a slight rash. Her skin's still a little sensitive to clothing. You know Moogie. She never liked chewing our food for us. She always had her own way of doing things. I thought Father did all right. I hand picked them from the cellar. What exactly did she do, brother? Really? How much did you make, Moogie? Three bars of latinum? Isn't the FCA overreacting a little? Gee, I wish Father were alive. Then it'd be just like old times. Sitting around the family table, eating tube grubs, discussing important issues of the day. (Ishka and Quark stare at Rom, each other and then us.) But Brother, it's only three bars of latinum. I see you haven't changed your bedroom, Moogie. It's still very traditional. Oh. Wrong? No. Not really. Except your clothes. Well, maybe just a little. Much. You know, Moogie, it really would mean a lot to Quark if you imprint that confession. I know he can be headstrong and overbearing, not to mention mean and insulting and rude, but he's not all bad. He works hard. You should see the bar. It's thriving. Quark doesn't make the rules. Like a good Ferengi. Moogie, can't you give back the three bars of latinum? If you don't, you're going to destroy everything Quark's worked for. He knows. He just doesn't like showing it. If you cooperate with the FCA, I bet I can convince him to increase your stipend. If it's not about money, then what is it about? But what about Quark? My teeth? Why? Oh, Moogie, you're the best. [Cargo bay] (A civilian crew are loading heavy cargo boxes manually until one of them drops his load.) There's nothing like sleeping in your old room. So, how was your night? Really? I didn't even know she was up yet. You mean she earned more? It means Moogie's got the lobes for business. Brother? Is everything all right? I'm so proud of you, Quark. I mean, other people in your situation might overreact and lose their temper, make a bad situation worse. But not my brother. You're too smart for that. You're going to sit there and study the problem, and then come up with a clear, simple solution. You see? I told you. What is it? Moogie! [Ishka's bedroom] (Ishka working on a PADD when Quark enters.) Brother, calm down. I'm sure Moogie has a perfectly good explanation for what she's done. Don't you, Moogie? Now, Moogie, there's no need to be insulting. Brother, where are you going? Brother, wait. No. I'm not going to let you hurt Mother. Why? Because of what she said about Father? Did it ever occur to you that she might be right? Oh, don't tell me about Father. I knew him a lot better than you did. You went off as soon as you reached the Age of Ascension, but I stayed here for ten more years. And you know what I learned in those ten years? I learned that Father was no financial genius. It's the truth. He went from one bad deal to the next, one failure after another. He couldn't hold onto latinum if you sewed it into his pants. No! (They try to strangle each other, knocking over the furniture and nearly braining the cameraman with flying fruit - nice one Rene.) But Moogie But you'll get in trouble. Brother. Wait. I have to sit down. Brother, can you loan me? I have a message from Moogie. She'll share it with you. Her profits. Fifty-fifty. But it's so expensive. So I lied to both of you. I had no choice. It was the only way to get the two of you talking again. That's enough bickering. You're both acting like children. I will not stand by and let this family fall apart. Quark, you should be ashamed of yourself. I've seen you treat Cardassians with more respect than you show your own mother. And Moogie, if Quark can uncover your hidden investments, eventually the FCA will too. And then all that profit will be lost. Think about that for a moment. Now, neither of you is going to leave this room until you've settled things. Is that clear? And no shouting! I'm going to take a nap. (Rom leaves.) No, she wasn't. I'll be along in a moment, brother. (Quark leaves) I'm glad to see you two are finally getting along. As long as he doesn't find out you only gave the FCA a third of your profits. You sure the FCA won't find the rest? Oh, Moogie.
I've had to make a few modifications to this holosuite over the years. My brother won't let me buy new components so I've had to scavenge for what I need. Oh it's right behind the spatula. It's made of a copper-ytterbium composite, the perfect plasma conductor. (Eddington scans the innards with a tricorder.) Neural energy has to be stored at the quantum level. The holosuite can't handle that. What we need to do is re-integrate their neural patterns with their physical patterns from the holosuite and rematerialise them. Sounds good. Except Well, my equipment isn't designed to interface with Starfleet systems. I may have to make some modifications. [Holosuite - Paris nightclub] (There is a big pile of money on the table, and Bashir is holding five.) It's the best I can do. I'd say another hour. Rom to Ops. I'm ready. You can start transferring the neural energy to the Defiant.
I'm going to die. I didn't say it, he did. It is to me. That's sweet, but I doubt it'll do any good. I don't think Weyoun cares much for latinum. I'm a dead man. (Leeta starts to whimper.) Sorry. What can you do? Brother! But I don't want you to try to save me. I'm serious. Brother, you have more important things to worry about. I'm not talking about the bar. Destroying the anti-graviton beam to prevent the Dominion from taking down the minefield. You've got to finish what I started. The fate of the entire Alpha Quadrant rests in your hands. Billions and billions of people are counting on you. Brother, you can do this. You have to do this. You will do this. Then we'll die together. Side by side, heads held high, knowing we did our best. If that's what's written, then that's what's written. Now get going, brother. You have a lot of work to do. (Quark leaves and a Jem'Hadar comes in.) So, tell me, Leeta what else is new? Have they fixed the sonic shower in our quarters yet? [Replimat] (Ziyal is working on an etching.)
Okay. But only one. My shift starts in thirty three minutes. Celebrating? What? I suppose. Thanks. Perfect. So, how was your trip? Did you close the vole belly deal? Great. Did you see Moogie? What else did you do? You're dying? But that's incurable. But Dorek Syndrome? It's so rare. How long do you have before? Is he sure? This is terrible! I don't want you to die, brother. Maybe you should get a second opinion. Have Doctor Bashir examine you when he gets back from the Gamma Quadrant. You're going to die. That's a lot of debts, brother. Rule of Acquisition seventeen. A contract is a contract is a contract. But only between Ferengi. You can always sell the desiccated remains of your corpse on the Ferengi Futures Exchange. You were the Grand Nagus. You anticipated the change of administrations here on the station. You're not a joke here. You're a respected businessman, a pillar of the community, a man with many friends. Stop it! Stop it, brother! You are somebody. You'll see. You march right over to that comm. link and offer your vacuum-desiccated remains for sale on the Futures Exchange. You'll see. Bids'll come flooding in from all over the Ferengi Alliance. Everyone will want a disk of Quark on their desk. In fact, there may not be enough of you to meet the demand. Just wait. When you see how much your body is worth you're going to wish you'd died years ago, or something like that. [Ops] Hello, Brother. You wanted to see me? Did you get lots of bids? How many? Oh? Seventeen bars, three strips and five slips of latinum for the entire collection. It's a generous opening bid. Oh? What a coincidence. It's not charity. I want to have something to remember you by when you're gone. But Brother, you've got to give it time. Your body's only been on the Exchange for Brother, come here quick. It's a bid. A huge bid. That's ten thousand strips. That sounds even better. It's not me. You think it's Moogie? The Nagus? He used you when it suited his needs. I don't think it's the same thing. That doesn't sound like the Nagus I know. But it doesn't matter who made the offer. The important thing is this could stimulate further bidding. Congratulations, brother. I think so. I don't know about that. You don't have Dorek Syndrome? It means you're going to live! I know what you're thinking, brother. That you can't break a sacred Ferengi tradition. But the truth is, defying Ferengi tradition isn't so bad. I did it. I formed a union. Everyone said I was crazy, that no Ferengi would have anything to do with me. You're going to have Brunt killed? I didn't think you had it in you, brother. What a bold, uncompromising move. Wait a minute. You can't do this. I thought you were going to break the contract. But brother Don't quote the Rules of Acquisition to me. This is your life we're talking about. Inconvenient? You're going to die! How are you, brother? Not bad. They took everything? Don't worry. I have some old clothes I was going to throw out. Okay. Brother, the way you stood up to Brunt? Well, I want you to know that I'm very proud of you. I wouldn't go that far. So what are you going to do now? They're not as ugly as the old ones, but they're pretty bad. Look at them, brother. And you thought you had no assets. To name a few.
What's this? I didn't order it. Well, I'm not having it this morning. I'd like two eggs over easy, three strips of bacon and a side of corned beef hash. It's Chief O'Brien's breakfast of choice. That might be nice. A good waste extraction system is important. Imagine where we'd be without one. I like my work. I have a good job. I'm proud of the work I do. And I know that one day Chief O'Brien will recognise my efforts and reward me with a position of respect and responsibility. And why? Because that's just the way things are in Engineering. Diagnostic and repair technician junior grade Rom reporting. I'm on the swing shift? Is this where Duarte sits? So, what are you drinking? Great. Is that what we drink on the swing shift? I'll have a raktajino. It's not like this on the night shift. We don't drink raktajino. We really don't drink anything. I volunteer. I like phase-shifting reconfigurations. Chief! Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you. Reporting for my next assignment. I've completed calibration tests on the inertial coupling ports on all three upper pylons. I just did the work. I didn't allow myself to get caught up in any of the distracting discussions the other workers engage in. Ferengi can be very focused, especially when no one bothers to talk to them. Not that I mind. I'm used to being ignored. Is something wrong, Chief? I can work slower if you want me to. Is that a trick question? You can depend on me, Chief. They don't know? Culpable deniability. I understand. Don't worry about me, Chief. My lips are sealed. Nobody will get anything out of me. Not even my name. Right. But I won't confirm it. Where do we start? [Cargo bay] Hello, Constable. Hello, Chief. I can't talk about it. Alone. I'll only talk if we're alone. (Odo leaves.) I haven't told anyone anything, just like you said. Captain Sisko is really angry. If I didn't know he was pretending Don't worry, I can hold out until you say otherwise, but there is one thing I have to know. Why are we focusing a chroniton beam at the wormhole? The new frequency of the deflector grid is set to turn the station into a massive chroniton array aimed directly at the wormhole. So I just wanted to know. Why are we trying to kill the wormhole aliens? To us, but its temporal disruption would kill a wormhole alien instantly. Who's she? Everyone has enemies, even the Prophets. Koss'moran. It's a Bajoran legend. From the verb kosst, meaning 'to be' and amoran 'banished'. Leeta's been telling me all about Bajoran legends. She can go on for hours. She says I'm a good listener. Well, according to Leeta, the Pah-wraiths used to live in the wormhole. They were part of the Celestial Temple. False Prophets. They were cast out of the Temple, exiled to the caves where they were imprisoned in crystal fire cages and forbidden to ever return lest they face the wrath of the true Prophets. I don't think they'd be welcomed. Captain Sisko, Odo, they don't know about any of this, do they? I have to stay here and play the idiot? I'm Quark's brother. I know the role. [Promenade] Hello, brother. I wasn't working. I'm not on the night shift anymore. No, brother. In appreciation of my work the chief has promoted me to the day shift. He says I have a promising future in Engineering. I was out celebrating. My crewmates. I think they like me. Especially Litana. She's always finding excuses to talk to me. No, you're not. But thanks anyway, brother. Actually, no. I've discovered that bacon doesn't agree with me. Instead, I'll have a short stack of pancakes, dripping with butter, side of sausage and pineapple. That's the breakfast of choice on the day shift.
Doesn't she ever lose? Well, that explains it. It's Curzon who's beating us, not this female. Maybe so, but I still prefer a Ferengi female. One who never wears clothes, never talks back, and never plays tongo. No, absolutely not. This isn't the proper time. I'm sorry, brother. It's this insolent young waiter's fault. Good, then you're fired. I wonder what he wants. Tulaberries. I wonder what they taste like? And it'll be your foot, brother. I'm so proud. He has some nerve. I warned you about that fellow. I refuse to stand here and allow my brother to be insulted. You're fired. I never heard such ridiculous lies. He's just jealous of your success, brother. Then you're going to need help, brother. Someone to serve as your consultant during negotiations. Someone like me. But brother, what can I do to help? Evade. That sounds fair. That must be why you're losing so badly. (to waiter) Go, just go. I'm glad someone notices. How should I know? He never tells me anything. He doesn't even bother to insult me anymore. It's Pel, that flabby eared interloper. He's stealing my brother's affections. But he's my brother. Would you let someone steal you're brother? But if you did? There must be something here I could use against him. (Then he finds the box under the bed with a spare pair of fake lobes) [Dosi meeting hall] (Three barrels of wine pouring into a tub in the middle) I must speak with you, brother. Please, brother, it's urgent. Now may I speak with you, brother? Right here, brother. You mean about Pel? I haven't breathed a word. I thought it would be best if you told Zek yourself. But she's a female. Who wears clothes and is trying to earn profit. Why, she even quotes from the sacred Rules of Acquisition. Such a female must be severely punished. Then we must stop her. You're scaring me, brother. Could it be you have feelings for this woman? But if you don't tell him and he finds out, you're certain to be ruined. You have to tell him, or I will. Let me go. I have to save you from yourself. The bar? Don't you? Pel? What about him? [Pel's quarters] (Pel is out of her disguise when the doorbell rings) You really should try them, brother. (sotto) I thought you said she left the station. Does this mean I don't get the bar?
Well, you found me. Now you go hide and I'll search for you. Moogie? A prisoner? You? Rescue Moogie? From the Dominion? Uh oh. So, how do you plan on rescuing Moogie? I don't recall you saying the Nagus wanted me to go along. And I love her. But I can't go with you. I'm a married man. I have responsibilities. And my responsibilities don't want me to die. Reward? Fifty bars! (bumps his head) Ow. [Conduit junction] An even split? That's not even. Right. [Conduit] (They've gone up a ladder and are now crawling along again.) There's one thing I still don't understand. How did the Dominion get a hold of Moogie? But she's a female. They're forbidden to travel off of Ferenginar. What operation? I had no idea. That the Nagus could be so generous. But why is he being so good to Moogie? You mean that ten bars of latinum is an overly generous finder's fee? I already know that. What about them? No. No. No! I was following you. You know, brother I've been thinking. We can't rescue Moogie from a Dominion internment centre. Not alone, anyway. We could put together a commando team. Gather the toughest mercenaries we can find. Nausicaans, Breen, Klingons. Humans? Then we'll all die. They can? Coming out of my share, I suppose. But the Nagus offered fifty. Twenty it is then. But Nog, Moogie needs you! They need you, we need you. Say you'll join us. Please. But you know how to fire a phaser. You can be the team's drill instructor. Put us through our paces. Prepare us for combat. I understand, brother. What's an eliminator? You're right. His priorities are different. Quark paid your fine. You're a free man. We're a team, sir. By ship. Liquidator Brunt. How did you know about Moogie? That's one thing we can all agree on. Now we are six. [Caves] (Ishka is being escorted by Jem'Hadar when Brunt and Leck come out from behind rocks. Quark, Rom and Gaila are on the other side) I think we're getting better. But, Brother, don't you want to keep practising? [Quark's] I guess we're not cut out to be heroes after all. Brother, I think we've been going about this the wrong way. We're not commandos, we're negotiators. We make deals. That's what we're good at. The Dominion has something we want, so we need to find something they want. Happy and alive. Now, what do we have to trade? [Captain's office] Sorry. Hi. I'm Rom. This is Nog, that's Brunt. Why? Some of this medical equipment is still functioning. I'll set up a transport jamming signal. That way, the Dominion won't be able to beam our prisoner away without our say so. They're going to execute you? My son the soldier. Sleeping? Who said you could sleep? Do you hear something? I wonder what they're doing out there. Good luck, brother. Say, hi to Moogie for me. I was afraid he was going to say that. Moogie! You look beautiful. I like our plan better. Sounds like Moogie. I knew it was Moogie. That's no way to tell if he's a changeling. No parents? That explains a lot. You should've seen my brother. He was brilliant! And the dampness. I can't believe it. We're actually going to get the reward money. Fifty bars of gold pressed latinum. I thought you said you didn't care about latinum? I, I, no, not really. Look out! (Everyone dives to the side as Gaila shoots and Keevan gets a hole in his chest.) What are we going to do? We can't have a prisoner exchange without a prisoner. It's a big station, easy to get lost in. If we hide, maybe they won't find us. Who could forget the most important battle in Ferengi history? I never knew you studied medicine at the Academy. Moogie. So, Brother, how does it feel to be a hero? It feels good?
It means a lot of people will be left behind. Tragic. Yes, brother, your compassion never ceases to amaze me We are? You can't make me. I won't sell my seat. No, I won't stay and be killed just to fill your pockets. Yes, my lifetime.
All right, everyone. Gather around. We're about to start. When a young Ferengi goes out on his own, he traditionally raises capital by selling his boyhood treasures. As you know, my son Nog will be leaving shortly for Earth and Starfleet Academy. I'm going to miss him, and I know you will too. And what better way to remember him than to purchase one of his very own personal belongings? I don't know about you, but I'm buying these pajamas. Two. Brother, you're here. If you hurry, there still might be some choice items left for you to buy. But the sale What ship? He's owed you that shuttle for ten years. But why do you need me? I'd better have a look at it. Brother? Nothing. The ship is perfect. Gaila must've paid a fortune for it. This ship could outrun a Romulan interceptor. We could take it halfway across the galaxy before it would even need a maintenance check. Maybe it's time you considered that early retirement we talked about. I could take over the bar, and you could fly off into the great unknown never to return. Unless you wanted to. Earth? Yes, brother. Thank you, brother. I'll go tell Nog. A trip to Earth. This is going to be fun. (Rom leaves) We're already exceeding the safe maximum cruising speed by two tenths of a warp factor. Relax, brother. I know kemacite is unstable, but another day or two won't make any difference. The shipment of kemacite that you're smuggling in the cargo hold. Dangerous and highly profitable. Especially if we make a side trip to Orion on the way home from Earth. When I engaged the impulse engines, I noticed the ship's weight distribution was a little off. So the last time you went to waste extraction, I snuck back to the cargo bay and took a look around. I've always been smart, brother. I've just lacked self-confidence. Of course, I could forget everything I saw. Twenty percent of the profits. Faster it is. (Later) Brother, wake up. We're approaching Earth's star system. Don't bother me now. I'm trying, brother, but the warp core isn't responding. It looks like the command sequencer has been disabled. I don't understand. I tested everything. The only way this could've happened is if the command sequencer was designed to fail. The ship could continue accelerating until it tears itself apart and scatters our remains halfway across the quadrant. Jettison the warp core. No, I tried that already. Emergency overrides are frozen. The kemacite! If we vent plasma from the warp core into the cargo hold, we may be able to start a cascade reaction in the kemacite. Then we can modulate the reaction to create an inversion wave in the warp field and force the ship back into normal space! If I time it just right, I should be able to get us close enough to Earth to make an emergency landing. You think so? Hold on. (The little shuttle shakes violently, Quark starts screaming, and then the ship disappears) [Examination room] (Quark wakes up. He is covered in a white sheet and lying on a hard surface. The other two are also lying down.) Yop im too, yoba. Yop sko ta yop ma. (Quark goes to a door and hits a tile on the wall next to the knob. Then he tries pulling the knob sideways.) [Examination room] I wish you'd stop asking that. I told you I don't know. I wonder what happened to the ship? Don't blame my son. It was your idea to use Gaila's shuttle. Maybe we are dead. Maybe this is the Divine Treasury. You don't think we're in the other place? Our universal translators must be malfunctioning. (Rom begins hitting his head behind his right ear. Quark and Nog follow suit.) Maybe their universal translators are broken too. The twentieth century? You mean we travelled back through time? So if they don't have universal translators, then why are they banging their heads? (Quark stops, and the humans stop) And we're stuck here with them, maybe for the rest of our lives. I'm working as fast as I can, brother, but there must be some kind of interference disrupting our translators. I'm not sure. Could be solar flares, or maybe ionic interference. Or I suppose it could be beta radiation, but that's only produced by nuclear fission. If Nog says so, they did. He knows all about Earth history. Vo yop toe pah? Yop triska gleep dosta grenla. (and points at her hair) Neep gren. Now where's that reset button? (And Rom prods around in Nog's ear with the hairpin.) How do they get their hands on it? It's the law. You know, come to think of it, my ear's bothering me too. (Quark enters with MPs.) Brother, how did your meeting with the general go? (Quark nearly answers, then looks at Carlson.) What about the general? It seems to like you, brother. You hid on board the ship. Actually, I've been thinking. If there's enough kemacite left, there might be a way to get back to our own time. If we find a sufficiently powerful energy source, we should be able to trigger a temporal surge in the subspace continuum and recreate the same kind of time warp that brought us here in the first place. But brother, what about the bar? You mean the military base? I don't know, brother. It seems awfully risky to me. What about Rule of Acquisition two hundred and three? New customers are like razor-toothed gree worms. They can be succulent, but sometimes they bite back. It was an accident. We're from the future. The warp core was sabotaged. It's all Cousin Gaila's fault. I want to go home! I want my Moogie. Moogie! Moogie! Won't you get in trouble for this? It's simple. We need to harness the beta radiation to trigger a cascade Don't worry. We'll get there. Federation of Planets. We fly straight into the atomic explosion, expose the kemacite to the beta radiation and engage the warp engines. If we have enough kemacite, we should be able to create a reverse time warp and ride it home. We're at the target site. Hold on! (There's a flash and the mushroom cloud rises.) It's going to be all right, brother. I hope. (And the shuttle appears in space. The occupants wake up.) This doesn't look like the Divine Treasury. Good question. We're being hailed! We'll be waiting. Well, son, it looks like you're going to get to Starfleet Academy after all. Oh, it's good to be home. I bet you can't wait to see the bar again. Look on the bright side, brother. You may've had to sell your shuttle for salvage, but at least you got enough for our passage home. I'll contact Cousin Gaila. I'm sure he'll know a good one. See you in a few weeks, brother. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
You've got to finish what I started. The fate of the entire Alpha Quadrant rests in your hands. How much longer before they detonate the minefield? Sorry. My time grows short. The only reason they haven't killed me yet is that I'm part of their victory celebration. Seven o'clock, Dukat makes a speech. Eight thirty, cake and raktajino. Eight forty five, execute the Ferengi. (Quark enters brandishing disrupters. The Jem'Hadar spread out.) Brother! I knew you would come. I can do that. That is, if we can make it to the central computer core without being killed. Do you hear that? That's Bajoran phaser fire. I hope that's enough time. I wish you'd stop asking that. I'm not going to make it. Not for a while anyway. [Ops] Almost there. I just need to decouple the ODN relays. [Ops] Done. (The minefield begins to explode.) Uh-oh. We were too late. [Bridge] (On the viewscreen is DS9 with a background of flashes of light. Silence.) You've been promoted? We'll be working together.
Brother! I just talked to Moogie. She says Grand Nagus Zek has disappeared. He left her a note saying he was going on a business safari to open new territories for financial exploitation. He said he'd be back in five days. That was twelve days ago! Not for this long. Moogie did some checking. No one's heard from him. He could be hurt or even dead. We have to do something! Risa? With all those gorgeous women? He wouldn't do that to Moogie. Are you sure? Anyone out there? Then let's do it. It's heavy. I see them, brother. I told you cloaking the cloaking device was a good idea. No. But if it makes you feel any better, the cloaking device on the Defiant is a lot heavier. You know what's bothering me? It seems wrong to be stealing a cloaking device for the Alliance. But what about this other Ezri? She's a Trill. So, shouldn't she be with the rebels fighting against the Alliance? No wonder I like it. It's a very soothing shade of grey. They're headed for the Klingon ship. What if they discover the cloaking device is missing? I'm not sure. Good job, brother. But I wouldn't touch those induction coils if I were you. Up we go. Doing what? Sorry. But you look just like our Ezri, except you're a lot taller. I don't think so One thing's for sure, their personalities aren't identical. How do we know the Regent will keep his word and send Zek back to us? Yes, there is. Brother, I think we should go with her. It didn't work. It looks like Deep Space Nine to me. But this is an alternate universe. Shouldn't everything be different? That's so sad. I would've liked to meet myself. What's the rush? Vic? We are! I thought Vic was his favourite singer. No wonder they call it the alternate universe. Hey! You're supposed to be the good guys. (They all point their phasers at Rom.) My mistake. [Terok Nor holding cell] But you don't understand. You have to give us back the cloaking device. We need it to rescue the Nagus. I don't know about you, but I like our Bashir better. That's why we didn't tell him. Tough break. Brother! I just realised something. This is suppose to be an alternate universe, but their Captain O'Brien seems as nice as our Chief O'Brien. Don't you see? It doesn't make any sense. It's not alternate. Right. But it's all very confusing. (Phaser fire outside.) What was that? Brother, look out! It's Brunt! He's so nice. He's also a very good cook. These fried tube grubs are delicious. Maybe in our universe he'd do something like that, but not over here. Over here, everything's alternate. So he's a nice guy. Which means the tube grubs here should be poisonous, because they're not poisonous on our side. But if Brunt gave us poisonous tube grubs it would mean he wasn't as nice as we think he is. But he has to be nice because our Brunt isn't. It's not me, brother, it's this alternate universe. It just doesn't make any sense. Yes, please. No. Yes! You're telling me. (Rom leaves.) Big ship. Me, too. [Klingon Bridge] Regent Worf is trying on some new studded gloves.) Look who the Regent is! So who's president of the Federation, Gul Dukat? Uh oh. Our Ezri would never betray us, which means It would break her heart. My engineering notebook? With the schematics for the multi-dimensional transporter that Chief O'Brien gave me to study. You stole it! In the alternate universe? Getting the cloaking device online? That's simple. I don't want to forget it. I'm sorry, brother. Maybe you want to die in this crazy, mixed up universe, but I don't. Don't worry, brother. I'm not thirsty. Isodine coupler. Does this look like an isodine coupler to you? I don't see how anything gets fixed around here. Or what? You won't let me install the cloaking device? Don't mind if I do. (The Intendant is sitting on the Regent's lap, whispering in his ear.) Er, Mister Regent? Your cloak is ready. It's pretty simple, once you understand the basics. Now, what about my brother and the Nagus? You mean we're going home? That settles it. I'm never helping you again. I'm really beginning to hate this universe. [Klingon holding cell] (Garak has a hypospray.) We're not going to tell you. Not unless you interrogate us. That's for us to know and you to find out. That's not what we hear. [Defiant Bridge] Tailor. Sabotage, what else? (They rush Garak.) [Klingon Bridge] Sorry, wrong Brunt. Glad to be going home? Here? What for? Leeta? We're married. I want to go home.
It hurts. Me. It's one of Moogie's home remedies. I feel dizzy. I really don't feel good. Brother, am I still standing? Yes, brother. (And Rom falls gently backwards) A couple of weeks. More like three, actually. I guess it's a good thing I fainted when I did. I couldn't. I was busy. It would've been a violation of my contract. Paragraph seventy six, subsection three. Employees of Quark's Bar and Holding Company are strictly prohibited from leaving the work environment during business hours unless ordered to do so by their employer. Any failure to comply with this provision will result in severe fines and possible dismissal. It's a standard provision in all Ferengi labour contracts. It's all part of our generous employee compensation package. No sick days, no vacations, no paid overtime. There's no such thing. All Ferengi labour contracts are the same. It'll have to be before the bar opens. A what? You don't understand. Ferengi workers don't want to stop the exploitation. We want to find a way to become the exploiters. I'm okay. It's not Quark's fault that I got sick. I forgot to get my bimonthly ear scan. And besides, I've probably been getting too much oo-mox. No female. Just me. Sorry enough to do something about it? We could ask him. No, no, it's not fair. I'll talk to him. Brother, this isn't right. You can't just cut people's salaries without warning. But once the Cleansing Ritual is over you'll restore everyone's salary, right? Brother, I'm asking you as a personal favour to reconsider this pay cut. But, brother I'm warning you, if you don't rescind the pay cuts you're going to regret it. Attention please. Thank you all for coming. I know that in the past I've always defended my brother whenever he's taken a stance that's proven unpopular with the staff. But I'm not going to do that today. No. I'm not. Quark's just using the Cleansing Ritual to increase his profits at our expense. It isn't fair, and we're not going to take it. Since right now. We're going to fight back in the only way we can. We're going to form a, a We're going to form a union. (Consternation. The Ferengi are shocked, the others are delighted.) All right. So we're doomed. FCA Liquidators will probably haunt us for the rest of our lives. But I say if they're going to come after us, let's give them a good reason. Every one of you, Ferengi and non-Ferengi alike, knows that the way Quark treats us is unfair. Frool, don't you deserve a day off when your back starts acting up? And Grimp, wouldn't you like to take a paid vacation? Answer the question. It won't happen unless you make it happen. We're Ferengi. And when a Ferengi sees an opportunity, what does he do? That's right. And I for one intend to grab it. We've been exploited long enough. It's time to be strong, take control of our lives, our dignity and our profits. Strike a blow against Quark. Strike a blow against the FCA. Strike a blow against exploitation. Are you with me? Doctor Bashir, I'm glad you're in. I need your help. My ear's fine. I need some advice about unions. You said the other day I should form a union, so I did. And I put your theory into practice. All of Quark's employees have joined. We're going to force Quark to treat us better. I hope. You know about unions? I have no idea. You mean we should force Quark to close the bar? Just like Sean O'Brien. Funeral? It's not a party. We're the Guild of Restaurant and Casino Employees and we're here to present our demands. What does it sound like? Exactly. So you'd better take our demands seriously. (Rom hands over a PADD.) This is no joke. You can't fire us. Because as of right now, we're all on strike. Thank you for not patronising Quark's. Thank you very much. Thank you for not patronising Quark's. Thank you for not patronising Quark's. Thank you for not patronising Quark's. Thank you for not patronising Quark's. Thank you for not patronising Quark's. [Quark's] (Odo comes down the stairs to be met by Quark holding a tray of glasses.) Labour. Where's wages? Wages are here. Wages. (Doorbell.) Come in. (Quark enters) What do you want? What's this? Are we talking about slips, strips, or bars? It wouldn't matter if it were bars. I'm not going to end the strike unless you meet our demands. Not when it comes to business. We're nothing but employer and employee. You said so yourself. No, you weren't. There's only one thing I have to say to you. (reading) Workers of the world, unite. You have nothing to lose but your chains. Don't be such a pessimist. Remember Rule of Acquisition two sixty three. Never allow doubt to tarnish your lust for latinum. My ex-brother wasn't quoting the Rules of Acquisition when he came to see me yesterday. He offered me a bribe if I would end the strike. No, I didn't take it. Don't you see what that means? He's getting desperate. A few more days and we'll get everything we want. (The door is opened by someone phasering the lock.) Don't let him intimidate you. We're not on Ferenginar. Let him stay there. That's where he belongs. The question is, where do we belong? On our knees, like Frool, or standing tall like Sean O'Brien? He was a union man. A man who gave his life to earn a decent wage for his fellow workers. Brunt wouldn't have intimidated him, and he won't intimidate me. If your accounts on Ferenginar were worth anything, you wouldn't be working as a waiter. I'm telling you, nothing has changed. Victory is within our grasp. All we have to do is take it. Now are you with me? I said, are you with me! Then let's get back on that picket line and show Quark what we're made of. Look sharp now, no slouching. Remember, in unity there is strength, so be strong. [Promenade - upper level] (Rom and O'Brien swap thumbs-up) Who'd have thought I had such natural leadership skills? Really? I didn't think so. He's a lucky man. She kissed me! Are you ready to give in to our demands? Then there's nothing to talk about. I'm not going to let Brunt intimidate me. You never cared what happened to me before. (Quark slams Rom up against a bulkhead.) How? By telling me I was an idiot my whole life? What you were trying to do was make yourself feel important. Making me feel dumb made you feel smart. But I'm not dumb and you're not half as smart as you think you are. Look at it this way. If Brunt gets rid of me, then all your problems are solved. You always said you wanted to be an only child. [Quark's] (After hours, Brunt is doing sums and the Nausicaans are playing darts, with each other as the dart board.) Doctor Bashir made an exception. He said you were almost killed. Does it hurt? Too bad. I'm not done gloating. It's not going to work. Odo has him and the Nausicaans in a holding cell. He says it's an open and shut case. You're not? But then Odo will have to let them go. Then you'll be the one gloating. So give us what we want. You're just afraid of the FCA. What do you mean? You'll meet our demands? Even sick leave? Six months! No, it's not. All you have to do is make up one of your fake business ledgers for the FCA. They'll never know the difference. I'll have a large snail juice, please. Straight up. That's no way to talk to a customer. Not anymore. I've wiped my last table and mixed my last Blackhole. Starting today, I'm one of the station's diagnostic and repair technicians. Junior grade, night shift. Effective immediately. I know. But if the strike taught me anything, it's that I do a lot better when you're not around. Don't worry. I'll keep your holosuites running and fix your replicators when they're broken. I think this'll be really good for our relationship. Think about it from my point of view. If I keep working for you, all I have to look forward to is waiting for you to die so I can inherit the bar. Well, I don't want you to die. And besides, I deserve to have a life of my own now. I'll do fine. No, you won't. I'll be here all the time. Only I'll be a paying customer. Now get me my snail juice, brother.
House always takes blue. (The triangle comes up blue) Too late for that, my brother. Make me a better offer. I do not. Not much. [Club Martus] (Lots of larger scale purple spheres and other games.) Not with this batch but with my brother around you can never be too careful. Maybe not poison, but a small intestinal bug? I wouldn't put it past him. I don't think so. I always had smaller lobes than the rest of the boys. They used to tease me about it. Quark was the worst. He told everyone I was adopted. On my naming day, Quark substituted old vegetables for my presents. Then he sold the presents for more than our father had paid for them. A bad streak. It happens. Oh, I knew no good would come of this. I never should've left Quark. What's going to happen now? Who? I still don't think it's fair. You investing my money without asking. You promised me one quarter of the profits, but then you gave her everything we earned. Expenses? What expenses? That does it. Back to Quark. At least then I'll get cheated by family. (to the girl) Let's get out of here. [Racquetball court] (This time Bashir runs into a wall and nearly knocks himself out) [Quark's]
There he is. My brother tells the truth. He hasn't seen it. I'm good with my hands. Here we go. They've seen him. (A Jem'Hadar goes over to Damar and flourishes something at him.) They say they found it outside their quarters, right where I left it. Ow. (A deadly bar room brawl breaks out, including knives and disruptors, and backs being broken with appropriate sounds. Kira disappears into the shadows.) [Quark's] (After the opening titles, Odo and his deputies have separated the armies. There are at least three Cardassian corpses, and plenty of injured bystanders.) But it worked so well. Who could that be? Right. Brother, are you all right? Me. I'm glad it wasn't me. No. I designed the mines to be self-replicating. The only way to keep them from replacing themselves is to isolate them in an anti-graviton beam. The deflector array can't do that. Unless you reconfigure the field generators and re-focused the emitters which would turn the deflector array into one big anti-graviton beam. I don't know. All you have to do to is access the EPS feed and overload the waveguide. But there's no way to get to the EPS feed. It's in a secured conduit rigged with alarms. I think so. Am I early? I needed a place to hide my tools. In case anybody asks, I'm making a delivery. Here's your fruit! (The Cardassians stop outside the door opposite.) Er. I'll be ready. (Rom crawls into a conduit.) Computer, time. Two minutes to go. [Security office] (It's empty.) I already did.
Hello, brother. You have every right to be depressed, brother. Ever since you were blacklisted by the Ferengi Commerce Authority it's been one thing after another. But I have some news that's going to cheer you up. Trust me on this one, brother. I'm about to make you very, very happy. Really. Come on in. (Leeta enters.) We're getting married. He's been a little depressed lately. You know who I talk to when I'm feeling a little low? Not when it's something really important. That's not a bad guess. There's only one person in my life who's always there for me, who's never too busy to listen, who reassures me when I'm scared, comforts me when I'm sad, and who showers me with endless love without ever asking anything in return. You already know her. And she'll always be there for you, brother, with open arms. [Ishka's house] (It's raining, of course. Ishka looks through the peep hole.) Of all the Bajoran Prophecies, I think my favourite is Horran's Seventh. The one that starts, He will come to the palace, carrying a chalice. Overflowing with sweet Spring wine. It's important to Leeta. She wants a traditional Bajoran wedding. That's okay. I just want her to be happy. I guess not. I guess so. Chief, is it all right if I take a slightly longer lunch than usual? I need Leeta to sign this. Ferengi females aren't allowed to own property or earn profit. The WP and P states that in the event the marriage ends, the female gives up all claim to her husband's estate. I agreed to wear the earring. So either Leeta signs this or the wedding's off. I may not be a traditional Ferengi but I'm still a Ferengi. I think I'd be making a bigger mistake if I didn't. Besides, Leeta loves me. You'll see, Chief. She'll sign it. [Rom's quarters] Why not? Not on Ferenginar. But I'm a Ferengi. Females and finances don't mix. Rule of Acquisition ninety four. It's true. You're just like her. You're after my money. My first wife. Pretending that you care about me but all the time it's my profits that you really care about. Then prove it. Sign the WP and P. Then the marriage is off. (Rom removes his earring.) I'm fine, Captain. Thanks for asking. Don't be, Captain. These are tears of joy. Come in. Hello, Chief. It's in my tool kit by the door. These are my profits, Chief. My entire fortune. It may be small but it's mine. I'm thinking of giving this pile to Leeta. That way maybe she'll sign the WP and P. Bribes can be very effective. Right. That's not going to work, is it? Have you ever looked at latinum? I mean really looked at it. It's so beautiful. Not to mention smooth to the touch. Latinum lasts longer than lust. Rule of Acquisition two twenty nine. I'd give anything to hold her in my arms again. One jumja stick, please. Actually, I don't like jumja sticks. I want you to marry me. You don't have to, not anymore. I don't have any profit left to protect. I gave all my latinum to Major Kira for the Bajoran War Orphans Fund. She kissed me. I did it for us. Now we have nothing but our love.
Twenty five seconds? But somebody will see us. Let me do it. All night? No, only about ten seconds. You have one on the storeroom door. Sometimes, when you forget to leave me the desealer, I have to get the storeroom open. Only to serve a customer's needs. You forget fairly often. That's all right. I have my own. Nog made it for me. The boy's always been clever with his hands. Time this, Brother. You'll be very proud. There, you see? [Ship's Chandlers] (And they're in) Brother, I'd never The glare could attract attention. I have a better idea. I took the liberty of bringing along a small vial of magnasite drops. A compound that will eat through duranium one on each corner and the panel will fall off. When you were in the Gamma Quadrant overnight we did very good business. Naturally, I had to keep your profits safe, but you had the only key to the latinum floor vault. I didn't want to tell you because then you'd know I'd burned off your floor plates, but I replaced them out of my own salary, brother. Should I take it out for you? A treasure map, perhaps? (a list in alien writing) What does it mean, brother? Brother! Brother? Brother? Help! Somebody help! My brother's been killed! (The emergency services have already arrived when Sisko walks in.) He's dying, isn't he? He's dying. What am I going to do if my brother dies? But if he dies. Mine? I hadn't thought of that. Yes, actually, I have heard of a few untimely deaths that seemed. Wait a minute, you're not suggesting that I? I am too. I would never My own brother. I didn't! It's not true! Oh! Irony of ironies. I finally get the bar and I'm falsely accused of my brother's murder. It was a list. The man who shot my brother stole a list. Of names. Eight Bajoran names. It was in this box we, we found. In a manner of speaking. My brother was hired by someone on Bajor to retrieve it. He didn't tell me. He never told me anything. I tried so hard to earn Quark's trust. Now he's dead, and I can never earn his trust. I swear I don't know who hired him. All I know is that the box had been hidden years ago. I'm not sure. When the Cardassians were here. When the ship's store used to be the chemist shop. That's right. Behind a duranium wall panel. I'll show you which one. Do you want me to open it? I can do it in ten seconds. (Odo uses an access code instead) [Memory - Chemist shop] (Odo is in civilian clothes, Dukat is drinking something from a mug) I barely saw it. I'm sorry. I don't remember any of the names. I really ought to be getting back to my bar. They're not keeping him alive by artificial means, are they? My brother wouldn't want that. Typical. The bar. With my name on it. Yes, yes, I see it. Right. C! It's a C. Er, er. O! It's an O. And, and there's a mark in the name. Ches'so! Yes. Maybe. It's something like Ches'so. I think. [Promenade] I am?
Why, brother? There is no such rule. I know business is bad, but that's no reason At least someone is still here. A dozen. Sisko? Brother Yes, but brother He says he's out of money. He's asking for credit. How long are they going to leave him there? I wish they would hurry up and get rid of him. What? But no one killed him. It was an accident. But where is the profit in lying about a simple drunk This is insane, brother. What if his family comes looking for the killer? What if they want revenge? How big of a cutback? My brother fought a desperate hand to hand battle with the Klingon and was forced to kill in self-defence! Brother, didn't you hear what he said? Then we have to tell the truth. We've made enough profit in the last few hours to make up for the losses we had It is? What about Kozak's family? What if they come here for revenge? Hello, brother. [Grilka's house] You're right, brother. You're a businessman. All you care about is profit. This was all just a ploy to boost sales at the bar. Who cares if some Klingon female loses her House? Me neither. Brother, I haven't had the chance to tell you, but in the Great Hall when you stood there in front of D'Ghor, you were magnificent. Money isn't everything. You can't buy respect, brother, and that's what you have now. Respect. After all, that's what you wanted, isn't it? Tell the story again about how you stood there in front of D'Ghor, not knowing whether you were going to live to see another day. No, I mean, tell me. I want to hear it again.
You want my boy to go to a Federation school? Little lady, little lady, what do you know of Ferengi education? We throw them into the cut-throat competition of Ferengi commerce and anyone who survives, graduates. Are you prepared to teach that to my son? Thank you. Thank you. I've taught him everything I know. It's so important that we prepare our youth for the challenges of the future. You will teach my son these things? It can't work. He will not listen to you. You are female. My son cannot learn anything from a female human teacher. I don't think so. Yes. Yes. Of course. Now, really, I'm quite busy. Place your wagers! Place your wagers. Get this lovely young woman a drink. (Keiko leaves, and as we follow her past the bar) Sit down! Not next to that human boy. I don't want you to have anything to do with him. (Nog sits as far away as possible.) We'll try it for a few weeks. (Rom leaves, and a couple of little Bajoran children arrive.)
Go ahead. What have you got to lose? That's the spirit. Remember, ask for ten percent, but settle for fifteen. What'd he say? Liquidator Brunt. No, he's here. There's something to be said for keeping prices down by ensuring healthy competition. So what are you going to do with the bar? I suppose you could argue that Ferenginar's biodiversity is a precious resource that belongs to everyone. So, what are you going to do with the bar? Unharassed workers are productive workers. So, what are you going to do with the bar? I'll give you five thousand bars of latinum and not one slip more. It is? I just happen to have a contract right here. Can I have your thumbprint here, please? And another print here. The five thousand has been transferred to your account. It was a pleasure doing business with you. I thought you were going to hold me up for at least eight. I know. It really threw me off. Don't worry, brother. You're going to be so rich, what's a few thousand bars of latinum? I kind of like you better this way. Are you serious? But being Nagus will make you rich. I am? I did? I'll do the best I can. That's all right, brother, I'll give it to you. You're my brother. You know, I could use a financial advisor. Forget it! Wow. [Wardroom] (Dominion withdrawal map 7624N)
I've never seen anything like that. Let's get something to eat.
So, what do you think? Tramp, right. So, do I get the gig? But Doctor Bashir said you're looking for an opening act and I love to sing. A comic? I can do that. My brother tells me people are always laughing at me. So? Life can be so unfair. Forget it. He's not hiring. (Rom leaves.)
What do you think? I like it. Don't you? I suppose we could lose the handkerchiefs. Who said anything about naked? You'll still have the loincloth. Number thirty eight? It had more layers than a Baduvian tapestry. It was bulky. Eeeesh. Brother, what do you think of this dress? Now? If you're not too busy. Would you marry me? I mean, us. I mean, would you perform our wedding ceremony? It's not for another two weeks, so you'll have plenty of time to get ready. Me, too. Cloak. Small. Dozens. I heard every word. It's my stomach. Ever since Captain Sisko agreed to officiate at our wedding, I haven't had much of an appetite. I did. But now that he's said yes, it's become so real. I'm going to get married! But what if Leeta turns out to be just like Nog's mother? What if I can't make her happy? What if this is the biggest mistake of my life? What if Self-replication. That's the only answer. If the mines are going to be small, we'll need a lot of them. And we'll need a way to replace them quickly if the Jem'Hadar try to blast their way through. And, uh-oh. I forgot to request new quarters. Mine are too small. Where are Leeta and I going to live? I know I am. I've measured them three times. There's nowhere to put her prayer mandala. The only problem is you'll have to wait until the entire minefield is deployed before you activate it. Otherwise the proximity sensors could cause premature detonation. Where's Leeta going to put all her clothes? I don't have enough closet space. I've got to go to waste extraction. [Ops] Nevertheless, you're very happy for us, aren't you, brother. No time for that. Nog, are Leeta's bags packed? No. You're leaving. First Minister Shakaar was very clear. All Bajorans must leave the station for their own safety. My job is here with Chief O'Brien. You see that, Nog. We've barely finished saying our vows and we're already having our first fight. We're really married! You've got to go, Leeta. The problems of two newlyweds are but a small thread in the tapestry of galactic events. You might not understand that today, or even tomorrow, but some day you will. So get on that shuttle and don't look back. Nog, take your Moogie to the docking ring. I thought so. [Captain's office] Brother, if you want to insult me, it's going to have to wait till later. I'm busy. Preparing perimeter defences for the attack. That's what Leeta said. It's not your fight either, but I don't see you leaving. And I have to look out for you. You're my brother. Whatever happens, we belong together. Rom, Assistant Manager for Policy and Clientele, reporting for work, brother. (sotto) Actually, I'm a spy working for Starfleet, but don't tell anyone. Yes, brother. (Over in a dark corner of the bar.) Jake? Aren't you supposed to be on the Defiant? But you're not safe here. I hope you're right.
Yes, brother? Yes, brother. I was dazzled by her beauty. Yes, brother. Once you have their money, you never give it back. Nog! (crash) Is this what they teach you at that human school of yours? Sloth and indolence? We'll see about that. Tonight you'll polish every rail in the place until they sparkle. Is that clear? The Grand Nagus, here under our roof. I've never been so proud. You think he's here to take over the bar? You can always refuse to sell. Barbo? I thought he was still in that Tarahong detention centre. Nog, I never want you to step foot in there again. Now go to your room. And no studying. My apologies, Nagus. It's those Federation do-gooders, always sticking their ugly noses in other peoples business. Yes, Nagus, most distressing. Yes, yes. You want me to be your bodyguard? But why me? But I thought since you'd be so busy being Grand Nagus, I could take over running the bar. Grand Nagus Quark. True, but let's not forget that it was Gral who threatened you. You mean Maihar'du? I don't recall seeing him there. Do you? Yes, Nagus. Yes, Nagus. We'll just have to come up with a new plan. Something more reliable than a locator bomb. Something that can't possibly fail to kill my dear brother. [Sisko's quarters] (Sisko is catching a ball in a baseball mitt when the doorbell rings) My apologies, Nagus. Yes, Nagus. Just as soon as you're ready, Nagus. Negotiations that you will have the honour of completing. According to Krax, Stakoron Two contains rich deposits of mizanite ore. Quark? About the bar. You have so much, and I have so little. Come. Let's not keep our new partners waiting. [Promenade] (Maihar'du goes into the airlock, and Odo watches) So you were going to toss me out an airlock. Well I do. Rom's. Nice name for a bar, don't you think? Forgive me, brother. What exactly does that mean?
He's not alone. Those Subytt smugglers were a potential source of great profit. The seventy-sixth rule? I know, brother, but every week it's the same thing. Six for you and only one for me. It's not fair! I am? It's not? To bed. To dream of an equal share of profits.
Today's the day, brother. I'm really going to do it this time. I've been waiting for the right moment. And this is it. It's perfect. She's about to go on her break, and when she does, she'll come over here to say hi, to me like she always does, and that's when I'll do it. I, er, Leeta, would you like, maybe, to one night, soon, to maybe? I can do better. Hello, Leeta. Bye. Excuse me. I need to talk to you. It's very important. I want to ask you if. I want to. I, oh, I wanted to ask if tomorrow morning would be good time for me to fix your replicator. Okay. Tomorrow morning then. Enjoy the rest of your evening. I, I, I don't know. I, I don't know. Great. I, I, I You're welcome. [Infirmary] I should have told her how I felt. Leeta is not Prinadora.  Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit! Wait. Leeta, don't go. Because I love you, and I want you to stay.
I don't know, Chief. Nog left the station a couple of hours ago in a runabout. You did. Not to me. What river would that be? Oh. That river. It can be very treacherous.
Forget the brandy, brother. You must leave here immediately. And that goes for the female as well. It's going to have to wait. Something important has come up. As big as life. (Maihar'du points at Emi and gestures.) Looks like he's moving in with you, brother. [Infirmary] Did you call me, brother? Keeping my quarters clean is Nog's job. Then cleaning will just have to wait until he gets back. I won't. Let me, brother. No, it's not. Trixian bubble juice? Are you accusing my son of being a thief? Not everything. No. I refuse. I work for you all day, brother, but here I'm the boss. You want this place cleaned up, do it yourself. That makes two of us. Living with you was bad enough when we were children. You think. You stay up late every night, plotting and scheming. And when you think, you mumble. And if there's anything I can't stand, it's listening to you mumble. Are you sure this is a good idea? No one's seen the Nagus since he got here. He must be working on something important. If you disturb him, he might get very angry. Me? Why not you? Where are you going? Grand Nagus, forgive me for disturbing you. Yes. It means we're going to have to memorise a whole new set of Rules. I'll be able to go into business for myself. Turn the page, brother. Turn the page. Go on. Yes, yes? If they want their money back give it to them? (In the corner, Maihar'du cries.) (later) Rule number twenty one. Never place profit before friendship. Rule number twenty tour. Latinum tarnishes, but family is forever. Rule twenty three. Money can never replace dignity. You're not going to like it, Brother. Rule number two hundred and eighty five. A good deed is its own reward. (Quark starts to swoon.) Brother, are you all right? Sorry. Maybe we should ask him. You want to hear more? If. Never. Keep. Profit. A. Good. Smile. Honesty. What does it mean, brother? I know. Maybe the Nagus has gone insane. But what if he really believes all this? So what do we do? I can do that. [Quark's] (Enter Zek and Maihar'du while Rom and Quark are not watching.) It must all be part of his plan. Wheels within wheels, brother. My poor brother. A fair price? I'm very confused. New ways? Make sure the relief shipment is sent by high warp courier, and don't worry about the cost. You're looking at the sector headquarters for the Ferengi Benevolent Association. [Rom's quarters] Brother, I don't have time to talk to you. I have work to do. I'm the new Senior Administrator of the Ferengi Benevolent Association. You know, brother, I never realised how many people there are who could use a little help. The Nagus said you'd react like this. Oh, he's more than that, he's a visionary. He has plans, brother, and I'm going to be a part of them. He says I'm malleable. And that he's going to mold me into a new kind of Ferengi. An evolved Ferengi. I'm not sure, exactly. The Nagus says that the answers lie in his new Rules of Acquisition. He told me, Rom, it's time for the Ferengi to move beyond greed. Greed is dead. That's the tenth Rule of Acquisition. Not anymore. The Nagus is going to shake the very foundation of Ferengi society, and we're going to be at his side every step of the way. The Nagus has made you co-chairman of the Benevolent Association. Your name will figure prominently on all our correspondence. The Nagus wouldn't dream of excluding you, brother. As soon as we get the Benevolent Association established here, the Nagus plans on returning to the homeworld, and we'll go with him. Think of it. You and I will be there when Zek personally announces the New Rules of Acquisition on the Grand Steps of the Sacred Marketplace. The Tower of Commerce? But that's the tallest building in the Ferengi Alliance. A fall from that height could, could, could Breaking into the Nagus's personal shuttle somehow seems wrong, brother. But the Nagus wants it to be a surprise. What is it? It does? How? I thought we should look inside. I mean, we don't know for certain that there's an Orb in here. Maybe Zek's just giving them the box. But how will we know unless we look? But brother Are you all right? A gift? A gift from Zek to the Ferengi people. They did? How dare they? Who are we talking about, brother? Easy, brother. You know Hupyrian servants take a vow only to speak to their masters. You think he went in there to talk to the Prophets? The opportunity for profit would have been enormous. But instead he created the New Rules of Acquisition. Why? How, brother? Does it involve me? I like it. [Replimat] Brother, this is a very brave thing you're doing, taking the Nagus back to the wormhole. I wish I could come with you but I can't. Goodbye. (Rom leaves quickly) (quarters) Did the Sisko send you? (quarters) At first we did not understand the Zek's request. The Sisko said that corporeal beings value their linear existence. Counteract its adversarial nature. Agreed. It is best to avoid contact with this species. The only place the new Rules exist is inside my head. I don't believe it, brother. After all you did for the Nagus, he never even thanked you. That's all right. I made enough profit for the both of us. I'm talking about the Ferengi Benevolent Association. Did you know it was funded with Zek's personal fortune? I was the senior administrator, brother. Surprise.
What if I say something dumb? Something that makes him uncomfortable? Like how's your new leg? I just don't want to say the wrong thing. You are real family. [Cargo bay] Hello. My son is insane. He's a one-legged crazy man! Or that stupid Viking programme. Hi. Those are holographic profits, right? Maintenance Engineer, First Class. Thanks. Okay. See you later. He seemed happy. Hi.
Nog, hand me that phase matrix recalibrator. Not yet, brother. I told you, brother, if you don't shut down your replicators at least once a week for routine maintenance, you risk system overloads like this one. No. It's my fault. I should have explained it better. Of course, brother. (Quark leaves) I need to get a replacement power coupling from the storage room. I'll be right back. (Rom leaves, Jake enters) No, you don't. I will not. When it comes to the bar you may be in charge, but when it comes to my son, I make the decisions. Nog. Good luck. I would be proud to have a son in Starfleet.
If we can. That is, if there's still room for other potential players to possibly try and Nog always talks about how Captain Sisko and Jake play baseball and how it brings them closer together. Since Nog and I haven't seen much of each other lately, I thought this might be a good way of spending some time together. I will not. At least we're trying out. What about you? Always look behind you before swinging a bat. Tell him I'm sorry. [Promenade] I got it! I got it! I got it! (It lands behind him. Shades of Lucy van Pelt.) Today I'm going to hit the ball. You just watch. (Jake pitches, Rom misses.) Sorry. Uh oh. Sorry. (Solok leaves, with an un-Vulcan smirk on his face.) I'll do better tomorrow, Captain. I can't play? Captain Sisko hates me. No! I don't want him to kick you off the team too. No! Please! I don't want to make the team like this. I had my chance but I wasn't good enough. Let's face it, the Captain's right. I'm hopeless. I don't deserve to be on the team. You play. You've earned it. But it should. You're good at it. (to Leeta) So are you, and I want to see you play. I want to see all of you play. I want to see our team beat the Vulcans, even if I'm only watching from the, the er Right. Please? All right! (Ninth innings. Niners trail 0-10.) No. Tag the next one. (The last Vulcan runs out of the dugout.) It looks like a lot of fun. Where're we going? (9th innings, Logicians 10 runs, 14 hits, 0 errors. Niners 0 runs, 6 hits, 4 errors). (Nog slides into third?) What? What? (The ball bounces off Rom's bat. Nog runs.) No. Unless you really want to. Apology accepted. Sure. (to Leeta) What's a bunt?
I say we teach the Alliance a lesson. Throw everything we've got at Terok Nor and rip it to pieces. That's easy for you to say. Those Cardassian pigs didn't kill your brother. Logic isn't going to win us our freedom. We have to take action. Captain, you're alive. And there's only one sure way to do that. It's about Captain Sisko. He's alive. He was able to get off his ship before it exploded. It's more than possible. It's true. But I can tell you how to get your hands on him. If you're interested. [Raider cockpit] (O'Brien is scratching behind his ear.)
