What a mess.  You don't really expect to get an answer, do you?  Logical.  Very bad, Mister Spock.  We've lost a great deal of fuel. We have no chance at all to  reach escape velocity. And if we ever hope to make orbit, we'll have to  lighten our load by at least five hundred pounds.  Aye, you could put it that way.  It's too delicate. It may not be able to take the pressure as it  is.  If you'll give me a hand with this conduit.  (Boma closes the door and leaves them to it)  (later)  Pressure's dropping. We're losing everything.  One of the lines gave. The strain of coming through the  atmosphere and the added load when we tried to bypass. Yes, that's done  it.  We have no fuel.  We have no fuel! What alternatives?  It's dangerous, but it might work.  I can adjust the main reactor to function with a substitute fuel  supply.  Aye, we do. Our phasers. I can adapt them and use their energy.  It'll take time, but it's possible.  Aye.  If I can get a full load, we should be able to achieve orbit  with all hands. Not that we can maintain it long.  Aye, aye, sir. [Transporter room] (A bunch of boxes is beamed aboard)  Another hour, maybe two.  Doctor, a phaser can only drain so fast.  You've got your hands full. Captain's Log, stardate 2823.1. Our landing parties  are on the surface of Taurus Two. We continue to hope. Instruments are  slowly returning to an operable condition as the ion storm slowly  disperses. On the ship, we can only wait helplessly. [Bridge] They're in good shape, but they won't lift us off, if that's  what you're getting at.  That they will, Mister Spock!  (He dashes to the rear compartment and puts on big rubber gloves)  Ready, Mister Spock.  I daren't use any more. Not and be sure of ignition.  Aye.  That's enough!  That's it.  If we shed every ounce, we might be able to achieve orbit.  A few hours, no longer. But if we time it right, we can cut out  of orbit and save enough fuel for a controlled re=entry.  We have very few alternatives, Mister Spock.  Maybe eight minutes if the weight's right.  (McCoy appears from the aft compartment)  Aye, aye, sir.  We should be moving, but we're not.  What are you doing?  We'll never be able to hold orbit.  No, Mister Spock.  (They swap seats)  Fifteen pounds psi. Approximately enough for one orbit, sir.  Tapping our boosters ended our last chance for a soft landing.  Mister Spock, you said a while ago that there were always  alternatives.  Orbit attitude, Mister Spock. With our present fuel, that gives  us about forty five minutes.  Mister Spock!  (There's a jolt as two long plumes of flame streak out from the  nacelles)  He jettisoned the fuel and ignited it.  The orbit'll start decaying as soon as the fuel's exhausted. Say  six minutes. [Bridge] (The air is full of pointless status reports over  the comm. when suddenly)  A distress signal? It's like sending up a  flare. Mister Spock, that was a good gamble. Perhaps it was worth it.  Orbit decaying, Mister Spock. Ten seconds to atmosphere. 
All right, Captain. Locked on to you. 
We've searched again from stem to stern. If they're not down on  that planet, they're nowhere.  Request assignment to the search party, sir.  Ready, Mister Spock.  Aye, it's there, Mister Spock. Peaceful as  Earth, but how do you explain it?  Aye, it could, but it couldn't move around much.  If we find any, it doesn't follow that it would be our people.  Shooting in the dark, Mister Spock? 
We'll either catch them or blow up, Captain. They may be faster  than we are.  We're dead, Captain. Locked up. Frozen tight. All propulsion  systems read zero.  KIRK; Life systems?  They're all normal, sir. Atmosphere, heat, light. No variance.  I don't know, sir, but whatever it is, we canna move.  Aye, sir. It does no good.  I tried that, sir. Nothing. 
Oh, did Mister Spock get the phaser  rifle we sent down?  You're a talented thief, Kelso. Everything you sent up  seems to be fitting in place. 
Tractor beam on, sir. We have the target.  (The bright light of the tractor beam forces Captain Christopher to  lower his visor)  Engine room to Captain Kirk.  Sir?  Engine room to Mister Spock.  We've completed re-energising the warp engines, sir. We can  re-fire them anytime.  Aye, sir. Engine room out. 
If we try to warp out or move on  impulse, we'll lose our shields and burn up like a cinder.  Impossible to break away. I've tried the emergency bypass  circuits but they haven't been effective.  (The conversation ends in a crackle of static.)  Those heat beams are still on us.  You've got to cut them off, Mister Spock, or we'll cook.  He's peaceful enough, but he worries me. 
Scott here, Captain.  Of course, sir. As per orders.  Nothing, sir. All quiet.  All personnel?  We've been through a bit, but we're all right now. How  about the Captain and you?  This is the USS Enterprise.  All cities and installations on Eminiar  Seven have been located, identified, and fed into our fire-control  system. In one hour and forty five minutes [Bridge] Aye, Captain, are you all right?  Aye, aye, Captain. Is there anything else we can do?  Scott here, Captain. 
Scott here.  Twelve units have malfunctioned, leaving seventy two still  operating. Thirty of those are women.  This is Scott. Captain's headed for the Engineering  section. I'll follow in case 
Forty eight hours maybe, with a bit of luck.  I'll be right down. Scott out.  Scotty here, Captain. My brilliant improvisation Just gave  up the ghost. It couldn't stand the strain. 
Control circuits threatening to overload, Captain.  Switching to manual, Captain. Do we maintain this orbit?  (at the helm) We're guiding around most of the time ripples now.    Doctor McCoy!  Nothing wrong with the communicator, sir.  You mean we're stranded down here?  Then even finding McCoy would be a miracle.  Aye.  Good luck, gentlemen.  What happened, sir? You only left a moment ago.  (McCoy returns.) 
Out of range, sir.  Captain, we'll get too close to the sun.  Aye, they make regular trips from here carrying supplies to the  asteroid belt for the miners and bringing cargo out. I've made the run  a couple of times myself as an engineering advisor.  None, sir. Just that noise we heard.  Mister Spock, I thought you were still  confined to Sickbay.  Here, now. Where do you think you're going?  Not likely, Mister Spock.  Aye, sir, and I'm sorry I have to disobey it. The Captain said  no one was to transport down. Mister Spock.  (Spock pushes Scott aside and neck-pinches his assistant. But Scott has  a phaser in his hand when he gets up again.)  Freeze right there, Mister Spock, or I'll put you to sleep for  sure. This is Mister Scott in the transporter room. Get me the Captain.    (Soon after, Kirk enters with an entourage, and the other man is  rubbing his shoulder.)  He said he was transporting down to the surface, sir. Your  orders were that no one was to beam down unless you authorised it. And  knowing Mister Spock's determination on some things, I thought I'd  better hold him here until I got your orders.  Scanners ready, sir.  KIRK; Very well. Ready, Helm?  All satellites operative, Captain.  (Down on the planet, gel-creatures are dropping to the ground and  dissolving.) 
Motive power? Beats me what makes it go.  I'd sell it if I had any. That's a solid cube. How something  like that can sense us coming, block us, move when we move, well it  beats me. That's my report.  You have an annoying fascination for timepieces, Mister Sulu.  Then may heaven have helped your mother.  Engines need work badly, Captain. Can you hold it here a few  hours?  Aye, sir. (leaves)  Well, yes, sir, but it's risky. We're locked on what appears to  be a main deck.  Breathable. In fact, a slightly higher oxygen content than our  own. Communicator, phaser weapon.  Bend low, gentlemen. It reads pretty cramped over there. Ready  to transport. 
Everything's vanished. 
Thank you, Lieutenant.  All scanners, spherical sweep. Range, maximum. They'll have to  pick it up.  There'd still be traces of residual matter floating around,  Lieutenant.  Lay on that course. Maintain scanning.  Steady as she goes, Mister Sulu.  The shuttlecraft was on schedule until it was shy five hours of  rendezvous. Then something happened.  It didn't wreck. There was no debris. There's no trace of  expelled internal atmosphere, no residual radioactivity. Ah, it's.  Something took over. Tractor beams maybe. Something. They dragged it  away on the heading we're now on.  We stay on this course, see what comes up.  Aye. [Cochrane's home] (Spock is working on the Universal Translator. It  is basically a metal tube nearly a foot long, that can be held in the  hand.)  Atmosphere count?  All right, then. We'll do it the hard way. All sensors set for  life form registration. Automatic selection.  That's right, Lieutenant. Thousands. And we'll look them over  one by one. [Outside Cochrane's home] (Another contact session is in progress.)  Put him on. Lock on to his co-ordinates. Captain, this is  Scotty. Are you all right? [Outside Cochrane's home] The helm is computing your position now,  Captain.  We'll be there in 57 minutes, sir. [Outside Cochrane's home] What happened, Captain? [Outside Cochrane's home] We're locked in, Captain. Standard orbit  established. Shuttlecraft bay standing by to receive you. [Outside Cochrane's home]
How long were you stationed on the planet, Doctor?  Aye, sir. We'll keep on our toes.  [Settlement] (Kirk, Spock, McCoy and one security guard beam  down.)  Well, let's put it on the screen.  (A small dot on the monitor above the science station.)  Who else would be playing cat and mouse with a starship? Well,  they can't hurt us much out there, bobbing about like that. No need to  call the captain yet. [Tent] Put a booster on it, Lieutenant. Try to pull it in.  Dierdre? That's a freighter.  Helm?  Try the captain.  Prepare to take us out of orbit, Mister Sulu.  We have a distress call from a Federation ship under attack.  That's where our duty lies. Take us out of orbit, Mister Sulu. Ahead  warp five.  Captain's log, stardate 3498.9. Lieutenant  Commander Scott in temporary command. [Bridge] We were forced to leave Capella to aid a  Federation vessel under attack by a Klingon vessel. We were unable to  contact our landing party before we were forced to answer the distress  signal. Our inability to reach the landing party is strange and I am  concerned.  [Tent] (Eleen is with the three men, and the guards are  now inside the doorway.)  Sensor report, Mister Chekov.  Mister Sulu, begin a standard search pattern. All scanners full  intensity, Mister Chekov. (to Uhura) No signal at all?  I'm well aware of a freighter's maximum speed, Mister Sulu.  Captain's log, stardate 3499.1. Before leaving the  Capellan encampment, we managed to retrieve our communicators. Our  phasers were not to be found. We've fled into the hills, yet we know  the Capellans will eventually find us by scent alone, if necessary. And  we've learned one thing more. The girl, Eleen, hates the unborn child  she is carrying.  [Hillside] (It is, of course, a place with plenty of rocks and  cliff faces.)  A vessel doesn't just disappear.  Mister Chekov?  Mister Chekov, pull the microtape on that distress call. I want  it replayed.  Did you hear it? They called us by name. Not a general distress  signal, but one aimed right at us.  How would a freighter know we were ordered into this sector?  We'll stay long enough to make certain. Continue search pattern.    Mister Chekov?  We're turning back. Warp five, Helm.  Warp 6 as soon as she'll take it, Mister Sulu. The captain could  be in trouble back there.  Ignore it.  Ignore it, Lieutenant. Log it as my order, my responsibility.  There's an old, old saying on Earth, Mister Sulu. Fool me once,  shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.  Estimating to planet?  Sub-light one half.  Mister Sulu, sound battle stations.  Drawing a line, daring us to step over it.  This is the commander of the USS Enterprise. Identify yourself  and your intention. Acknowledge. Close out the frequency, Lieutenant.  And we'll go right down their throat, if necessary. Let's see if  they have the belly for it. [Hillside] (Kirk and Spock are lying in wait for the  Capellans, who are travelling single file. Maab stops the column and  sends a scout ahead.)  Hold it there. Drop your weapons.  (McCoy arrives carrying the baby, and Eleen goes to him.)  Well sir, we had a wee bit of a run-in with a Klingon vessel,  but he had no stomach for fighting. We checked the encampment, found  out you were here, and had no trouble at all in tracking you down. I  could  (He is interrupted by the baby crying.)  What's that again, Mister Spock? 
Well in that case, there's nothing like a wee bit of coffee to  get you back in shape. Join me, Carolyn?  Gentlemen. Come along, my dear.  Come along.  (He and Carolyn enter the turbolift.)  External pressure building up, Captain. Eight hundred GSC and  climbing.  One thousand GSC and climbing. (The crew react to increasing air  pressure) Becoming critical, Captain. We can't handle it.  Pressure is gone, Captain. Space normal on hull.  Power is what he controls. You can't do tricks like that without  energy.  I would like to point out that we are quite capable of some  wrath ourselves.  Leave her alone.  And so do you.  (Scott draws his phaser and Apollo blasts it out of his hand with a  point of his finger. Chekov finds his phaser doesn't work.)  She's not going with you.  (Scott gets thrown over a table with a flick of the wrist.)  I am tingling all over. Did he take her with him?  Captain, we've got to stop him. He wants her. The way he looks  at her.  I'm able, sir.  Aye, aye, sir.  Aye.  (leaves)    Unquestionably, an immensely powerful field of energy is being  generated around here somewhere. We're just having difficulty focusing  on it.  You bloodthirsty Saracen, what have you done with her?  (Scott picks up a statuette and rushes at Apollo. He gets another  finger blast of electricity for his effort.)  I can't get my arm to move.  Captain, we've got to do something!  Carolyn. What's happened to her?  Captain, we've got to wait until Carolyn comes back before we  fire on the temple. We don't know what would happen to her if he was  suddenly attacked. She might get killed.  Captain, we've got to go and find her!  But what if he doesn't. What if he  Captain! 
Aye, sir. [Bridge] (Another blast from the machine.)  SPOCK; Sir, deflector shields are gone.  Captain Kirk.  Right away.  I'll stand by here. 
Captain, I think I'm going to like Argelius.  You mean to tell me all these women, that all this is  Aye. Why shouldn't I?  Now that's what I call a real Captain. Always thinking of his  men.  (The dancer comes over, bends over backwards then does a shimmy before  returning to the small stage to finish. Scotty bangs on the table in  applause.)  Now no one has to tell an old Aberdeen pub-crawler how to  applaud, Captain.  (She comes over, but the man at the next table doesn't look too pleased  with the situation.)  'Tis a fine foggy night tonight, and I doubt if anyone's ever  told you of the marvellous fogs we have in Aberdeen.  Well then, why don't I show you? There's nothing like a walk in  the fog with a bonny lass.  You don't mind, do you? I might even get back to the ship on  time.  I, I don't remember.  We were walking in the fog. I was up ahead trying to lead the  way. I heard the girl scream. I remember starting to turn.  I don't remember another thing.  I certainly hope so, sir. I can't stand this not knowing.  (leaves)  Lieutenant? Captain? Where's  Dead? But I  I was sitting there. She was taking her readings, and now I'm  sitting here.  I tell you, I don't remember. I must have passed out.  Captain, I've been trying. I can't even believe this is really  happening.  Captain, you mean my neck is going to have to depend on some  spooky mumbo jumbo?  (Kirk's communicator beeps.)  No, Captain.  KIRK Scotty, I'm sorry. You don't even remember whether you did it or  not.  Sir, I swear to you I did not kill your wife or the other  ladies.  Aye.  Aye. I understand.  Captain's log, stardate 3615.4. With Mister Scott  in a technical state of arrest, we have beamed aboard the Enterprise to  continue the investigation.  [Briefing room] I'm not lying, Captain. I don't remember a thing about the first  two murders.  Captain? I didn't black out when Mister Jaris' wife was killed.  We were holding hands. When the lights went out, the circle was  broken. I heard the poor lady scream, and as I was near the head of the  table anyway I went toward her. But there was something in my way.  No, Captain, some thing. Cold, it was, like a stinking draught  out of a slaughterhouse, but it wasn't really there. Like it. (lost for  words) If you know what I mean.  No, Captain. That I'm sure of.  Twenty two sir.  Morla on the one side and you on the other, sir.  I don't remember.  I don't remember.  Captain!  (The viewscreen has an image of hot swirling flames or lava. Anyway, it  is fear-inducing.)  Well, sir?  What did you do with that thing, Captain? Did you send it back  to the planet?  Why not? For a while there I didn't know whether I was innocent  or guilty.  Let's go see! 
Bridge to Captain.  Life support systems are out all over the ship. [Bridge]
We seem to have a problem here, too.  I'm not sure, sir, but we've run measurements on the  electromagnetic field of the planet, and they are a wee bit abnormal.  That might have something to do with it.  Scott, sir. Our antimatter pods are completely inert. [Bridge] And it's pinpointed in the area of that  village we located down there.  There doesn't seem to be any immediate  danger.  Scott here, sir.  Like a giant tractor beam, and we can't  break loose. [Bridge] We're like a fly on fly paper. Even  worse [Bridge] We'll only be able to maintain full  power for sixteen hours, then we burn up for sure.  Scott here.  Here, sir.  Captain, we've pulled away a little. We  gained maybe an hour, but we blew almost every system in the ship doing  it. [Bridge] I'll have all engineering sections  working on the circuits immediately. Transporter'll be ready in an  hour. 
We couldn't get out of here in a century. We're ready to  bridge power from the engines to the transporter. [Engineering] I've got to complete a few more  computations.  Fourteen minutes. We've got to go! 
They're not answering our signal. There's nothing to lock  onto.  SULU (lights go out again) Another circuit, sir.  Only one, sir, but we've locked onto three more.  [Transporter room]
Doctor McCoy, this is Scott. May I come  see you? 
Here, you're not allowed  (He is pushed against the wall and knocked out briefly. Norman fights  everyone that comes at him.)  Captain, he's here. [Bridge] Let go of me! Now what are you doing? What kind of a woman  Harry Mudd! Oh, you bogus frat, you. You're the cause of all  this, are you?  Aye, sir. And I stayed until that female gargantua threw me into  the transporter beams.  Absolutely fantastic. Hand-worked to the finest tolerances,  microvision, and a nanopulse laser. I've never seen the like before.  Captain, you should see this shop! Why, they have facilities  we've never even thought of.  What did they offer you, Uhura?  Well, Captain, androids and robots, they're just not capable of  independent, creative thought.  How does it look?  (in a monotone) Food and drink and happiness mean nothing to us.  We must be about our job.  Dying and crying and lamenting over our burdens.  (clutching at his heart and crying out in anguish) I canna go  on! I'm tired of happiness. I'm tired of comfort and pleasure. I'm  ready! Kill me! Kill me!  (They point their fingers at him and whistle. Scott slumps to his  knees.)  Goodbye, cruel universe.  Explosive! (gets up again) 
Aye.  I am relaxing.  (There is a crowd at a long table, and there are purring sounds.)  I'll tell them before they go, sir.  Why, no, sir.  But, Captain. Aye, sir.  Uh, no, thanks.  When are you going to get off that milk diet, lad?  Where I come from, that's soda pop. This is a drink for a man.  Aye.  Easy, lad. You ought to be more forgiving.  Take it easy, lad. Everybody's entitled to an opinion.  Don't do it, mister, and that's an order.  Forget it. It's not worth fighting for. We're big enough to take  a few insults. Now, drink your drink.  (swaps Chekov's vodka for Freeman's red wine.)  Laddie, don't you think you should rephrase that?  Aye, Captain.  Um.  I did, Captain.  They insulted us, sir.  Aye, it was.  Aye. Chekov wanted to, but I held him back.  Well, the Klingon, sir. Is this off the record?  Well, Captain, the Klingons called you, uh a tin-plated,  overbearing, swaggering dictator with delusions of godhood.  No, sir. They also compared you with a Denebian slime devil.  And then they said you  Yes, sir.  No, sir.  No, I didn't. You told us to avoid trouble.  And I didn't see that it was worth fighting about. After all,  we're big enough to take a few insults. Aren't we?  They called the Enterprise a garbage scow, sir.  Yes, sir.  Well, sir, this was a matter of pride.  (big grin) Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. That'll give me a chance to  catch up on my technical journals.  [Sickbay] (There are a lot more than eleven tribbles now.)  They're into the machinery, all right, and they're probably in  all the other food processors too.  Probably through one of the air vents.  Oh, er, Captain, it was really Mister Spock's recommendation.  I used the transporter, Captain.  Aye.  Captain Kirk, that'd be inhuman.  I gave them a good home, sir.  I gave them to the Klingons, sir.  Aye, sir. Before they went into warp, I transported the whole  kit and caboodle into their engine room, where they'll be no tribble at  all. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Scott here, Captain.  Scanning, sir.  Twelve, Captain.  Bridge. Scott here.  (Armed guards enter.)  We were becoming concerned, Captain. You were a bit  overdue.  Enterprise to Captain Kirk. Ready to beam up three.  (They disappear in a hail of bullets.)  Captain's log, stardate 4041.7. Note commendation,  Engineering Officer Scott. Despite enormous temptation >  [Bridge]
Bridge, Scott here. 
Aye, sir. 
Cutting in if I may, Captain. The USS Yorktown is  expecting to rendezvous with us in less than seven hours. 
I hope so, Captain.  It's no good, sir. The best we can do is to maintain thrust  against the pull and hold our position.  And still draining. We can maintain  thrust for another hour and fifteen minutes.  (Spock and McCoy enter.)  Sir?  Scott here, sir.  We can't last more than forty five  minutes at this rate of decline. Less, if I have to apply more thrust. 
Enterprise. Scott here.  Aye, Captain. [Bridge] Acknowledged, Captain.  Aye, he's here. Mad enough [Transporter room] What?  Standing by.  Scott here. 
Right. Locked onto you. Energise. Coadjutor  engagement.  Magnetic. Decontaminate that uniform.  That acted like a burnout.  Just one moment, Captain. It checks out okay now. You better go  get a synchronic meter so we can double-check.  All right, Captain. Locked onto you. (Kirk stumbles as he leaves  the platform) Are you all right, Captain?  Let me give you a hand.  Wilson will be right back, sir.  (both leave, and another Kirk materialises on the pad) Captain's Log, stardate 1672.1. Specimen-gathering  mission on planet Alpha 177. Unknown to any of us during this time, a  duplicate of me, some strange alter ego, had been created by the  transporter malfunction.  [Transporter room] It might profit you to let Doctor McCoy give you the once-over.  Transporter breakdown. Continue circuit testing. We beamed up  this animal and, well, look for yourself. It's in this specimen case.  (opens lid to reveal angry pink animal)  A few seconds after they sent this one up through the  transporter, that duplicate appeared. Except it's not a duplicate, it's  an opposite. Two of the same animal, but different. One gentle, this.  One mean and fierce, that. Some kind of savage, ferocious opposite.  Captain, we don't dare send Mister Sulu and the landing party up. If  this should happen to a man.  I don't know sir, but when Fisher came up, his suit was covered  with a soft yellow ore that had highly unusual properties. It may have  caused an overload. Can't tell, not yet.  Yes sir, but we don't dare bring up the landing party. It might  be duplicated like this animal.  Can't say, sir.  We're doing everything we can, sir.  I've found a new trouble with the  transporter. The casing has a wide gap ripped in it. (the phaser  damage) The main circuits  [Sickbay] We've found a way to get the transporter working, sir.  (opening box with angry animal in it) I'll grab him by the  scruff of the neck and hold him as long as I can.  If this doesn't work, I don't know what will. 
Increase power to shields.  (Another male in a purple jumpsuit appears in Engineering and  immobilises the crew there.)  Sound Red Alert.  Engineering, come in.  I've tied in all the lab computers. That will give it a bit more  power to push with. [Engineering] (Scott and Spock are in the upper gallery, while  Kirk is apparently talking to Tomar below in main engineering. There is  a rounded metal object on the console.)  This is it. Now all we have to do  Why?  That's it, then.  I see what you're getting at. I can't say I like it.  I have opened the control valves to the matter-anti-matter  nacelles. On your signal, I will flood them with positive energy.  And so will we.  Outside hull temperatures rising, sir. It's over two thousand  degrees now. Sir?  Several systems out, sir. Operating on emergency backup. None  affect flight procedure.  (whispering) Sir, why don't we try again to knock out the  paralysis projector? I know the casing looks impenetrable, but I may be  able to do something.  Then how will we stop the Kelvans?  I can think of one way right off. (goes over to Tomar) Lad,  you're going to need something to wash that down with. Have you ever  tried any Saurian brandy? [Sickbay] (McCoy is examining Hanar.)  Not of this.  I found this on Ganymood, er, Ganymede.  Well, it's, er. (peers at it, sniffs it) It's green. [Kelinda's quarters] (Kelinda is preening herself in front of a mirror  when Rojan walks in.)  All I have is a bottle of very, very, very old Scotch. Whisky!  I'll get it! (takes the helmet off a breastplate and reaches in,  removing a very dusty bottle.) I was saving you for  Never mind. Gie us your glass. [Rec room] We did it, you and me. Put him right under the table. (takes the  paralyser off Tomar's belt) I'll take this to the captain.  (He gets to the door, then stops and gently falls back against the  wall. He slides to the floor, as out of it as Tomar is.)  [Rec room] (Rojan breaks up the kissing session.) 
Can you read me, Captain?  I don't like it, sir. 
Aye, sir. Whatever your condition. 
He was here. (spots him behind a console) Doctor.  (sullenly) Aye, aye, sir. Mister Harper.  Captain, power shutdowns on deck four. Lights, environmental  control.  The power's gone off on deck five.  Captain, I've located the source of the power shutdowns. It's  the M-5 unit, sir. That thing's turning off systems all over the ship. [Engineering] Reverse thrusts will not engage, sir. Manual override isn't  working either.  Captain, I suggest we disconnect it at the source.  So now it has virtually unlimited power. Captain, what'll we do?    Aye. I can take them out and cut in the manual override from  there.  If Mister Spock helps me, maybe an hour.  Aye, that's got it, Mister Spock.  That's it, Mister Spock.  But it was active. I'd stake all that I know that it was.  System's coming back. I can give you power for the shields, sir.  [Bridge] That'll take longer.  Sir! [Bridge]
Still unable to analyze it, sir. It was so  powerful, it fused most of our recording circuits. Could have brought  him back through great distances, could have brought him back through  time. There's no way for us to know. 
Impossible, Doctor McCoy. My transporter was working perfectly.  And these, Captain? (the guns)  It's impossible! Things like this can't happen.  Absolutely. Half a gallon of scotch.  It just takes a bit of getting used to, Captain. Actually, a man  could grow quite fond of this stuff.  Aye. If we only had a phaser.  If we could only contact the Enterprise.  (showing his gun) We have these, Captain.  Aye. (leaves)  Captain, let me.  Captain, we can't just stand here and take it.  But they murdered Chekov! If you think I'm going to  Mister Spock, Chekov is dead! I say it now, and I can hardly  believe it. But you worked closely with him. That deserves some  memorial.  Would a volunteer solve the problem?  All right. On one condition. That I'm wide awake and with you at  five o'clock.  Aye. (has a slug of whiskey) It's to kill the pain.  Well, you should've warned me sooner, Mister Spock. Fire away.  (Spock pulls the thread on the can, and gas comes out. Scott stands  close to it. Then he picks it up so the gas obscures his face.)  Aye. Deeply.  I never felt better.  Good. If they want a fight, let's gie'em a fight. 
Engineering to Captain Kirk.  Captain, the matter-antimatter  Scott to Captain.  It's completely unusable.  Not without dilithium crystals. We can't even generate  enough power to fire our weapons.  Manoeuvre? Aye. We can wallow like a garbage scow against a  warp-driven starship. [Engineering] No, sir, not a chance.  Aye, that could blow us up just as  effectively as  Scott to Captain. [Engineering]
I can't give you warp nine much longer,  Mister Spock. These engines are beginning to show signs of stress. [Bridge] All right, but we're moving further into the danger range all  the time. [Bridge] The relays will reject the overload, Mister Spock!  All right, you lovelies. Hold together. Full  power, Mister Spock. [Bridge] That Vulcan won't be satisfied till these  panels are a puddle of lead.  My bairns. My poor bairns. [Lodge] (Kirk is dressed in decorated buckskins.)  Hanging here in space? Forever. [Spock's quarters]
Kirk, And we will stay right here until  he returns. And if you make any attempt to board or commandeer the  Enterprise, it will be blown to bits  along with as many of you as we can take with us.  It's the biggest guess I've ever made.  It's not working. 
Locked onto you, Captain. 
When did we change course?  What do you mean, we haven't changed course? Look at your bridge  control monitor.  Have you gone completely blind? That's not orbiting position.  What the devil do you think you're doing?  You blind fool! Can't you see in front of you? We're not in  orbit.  You are disobeying an order from the bridge. Now step aside.  Not yet.  (Scott throws the Engineer aside to get to the controls, but the other  one present grabs him. Finally the first man knocks Scott out.) [Kirk's quarters] I can't do that, sir.  These are very sensitive instruments. I will not have you upset  their delicate balance. We would all be lost, forever lost. (Spock sees  Don) Go away now. Go away or we'll kill you. 
Captain! [Cave entrance]
Montgomery Scott, Chief Engineer. Call me Scotty.  Aye, indeed. It's a rare privilege meeting one of the designers  of the Enterprise.  (Scott and Marvick leave.)  Larry, would you like to stop off at Engineering with me? I have  a few things to check and a bottle of scotch says you can't handle the  controls you designed.  Good night, gentlemen.  (Marvick and Scott leave.)  Ah, there, Marvick. So you couldn't resist a wee wager.  [Corridor] (Miranda comes out, holding a visor.)  The controls are all yours, and the bottle  of scotch'll be in your room this evening if you can handle 'em.  I don't know!  We need some repairs, sir, but the ship is intact. 
Enterprise to Captain Kirk. Come in, please.  Scott here, sir. [Bridge] With very high levels of cosmic rays  accompanying it.  An enormous one. [Bridge] Very well, sir. Scott out. 
Scott here, sir.  Aye, aye, Captain.  Bridge to transporter room.  You got that transporter working yet, Mister?  Scott here.  It's jamming our transporter  frequencies. I've only got three of them working, and I'm not sure of  those. One of you has got to wait.  I know you don't like to use the phasers, but you've got to  do something about that ship out there.  (McCoy enters.)  Spock, that hit from the Tholians has fused our power  supply converters. [Engineering] She's bound to drift, maybe right  through that doorway out there.  Mister Spock, we have a readout on the Tholian tractor  field. I think we can estimate its approximate completion time.  Scott to Captain.  Mister Spock. [Engineering] And then he just disappeared.  Aye, sir. Standing by. 
Enterprise. Scott here.  Scott here, Captain.  Aye, Captain.  But, Captain, what about Doctor McCoy? 
All others suspended in transit. Who are the guests, by the way?    Well, they're right in here.  Captain, we've not been able to get through to Starfleet  Command. All subspace frequencies have been blocked, and there's too  much radiation coming from that Klingon ship. It's a hazard to the  vicinity.  The controls have gone crazy. Something's  taken over. [Bridge] They've gone to warp nine, by themselves! [Bridge] The doors and bulkheads won't budge. We'll have to cut through. [Bridge] No, sir. She's a projectile at warp nine.  And don't ask me what's holding her together.  Scott here, sir. There's no use trying to free those men down  below. The phaser torches, they won't cut through the bulkheads, nor  the doors, nor the decks. There's something happened to the metal.  I'm there now, sir, and you never saw such a fine collection of  antiques in your life.  (We pull back to see racks of swords, billhooks, pikes.)  [Bridge] Aye, sir. (spots a special sword amongst the  ordinary ones.) A Claymore. You're a beauty. [Bridge] Any signs of those devils, Mister Sulu?  They've taken Engineering. I don't know how  many more of those Klingons are around, but we'll split up here and try  to make it back to the bridge.  Sir. Chekov was right, Captain.  We should have left those fuzz-faced goons in the transporter.  That's right where they belong!  Non-existence! Now they can study the Enterprise, add our  technology to theirs, change the balance of power. You've jeopardised  the Federation!  Keep your Vulcan hands off me. Just keep away! Your feelings  might be hurt, you green-blooded half-breed!  Then transfer out, freak!  But this is war.  Have we forgotten how to defend ourselves?  Without sensors? All our power down? This thing could go  anywhere.  But, Captain, I didn't do it. Everything just came on by itself.  [Engineering] The ship's dilithium crystals are  deteriorating. We can't stop the process. [Corridor] There's no change, Captain. The dilithium  crystals are discharging.  Aye. Now that's something the Klingons would understand.  It's the alien that's done this. We're in its power, our people  and yours.  I wouldn't trust her, Captain.  Even if it could work, she may be leading you into a trap.  We'll go with you.  But she can't guarantee that Kang will stop to listen, right,  Mister Spock? 
No discernible cause, and I've never  seen anything like it. There's [Bridge] If this keeps up, Captain, we can't  last!  Scott on the Enterprise. [Bridge] Aye, Captain.  No, sir. The orbit's locked tighter than ever. [Bridge]
They register something, sir, but I'm blessed if I can  figure out what it is.  I can't get a fix on it. Sensors don't pinpoint a location.  We may have a malfunction. I'm about to check circuits, sir. 
It's something I can't quite put into  words.  My assistant, Watkins, is dead.  Scotty here. I see it. [Engineering] It's completely useless. The engines  are running wild. There's no way to get at them. We should reach  maximum overload in about fifteen minutes. [Bridge] This thing is going to blow up [Engineering] Access to the flow itself. [Crawlway] Will not hold more than two seconds if  I rupture the field.  Mister Spock. 
We're holding them in the chamber for  decontamination.  Scott here, Captain.  No problem, sir. You'll have it.  Engine room.  Then we'll make it, sir, if all goes right.  Engineers, man your stations. Engine  rooms, report. Cycling station, report. This will be an emergency  restart of engines. 
Scott here.  On auxiliary, sir.  I'll be right up.  We're orbiting Ariannus, sir.  At once, sir. Scott out. 
You had us worried.  Aye, aye, sir.  Waiting for your order, Captain.  Still waiting, Captain.  Queen to queen's level three. Repeat. Queen to queen's  level three.  Give the countersign as ordered.  Security detail, standby to beam down.  (Spock reactivates the forcefield and turns into Garth.)  Aye, aye, sir. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Scott here.  Eight seven five.  Zero two zero. [Transporter room] Scott here, Mister Spock.  Same co-ordinates? 
Scott here.  Captain! Captain, the phaser shots, they're killing Mira!  Another shot and you'll kill her!  Scott here, sir.  Beautiful, Captain.  Positively, Captain. 
Ready to transport, Captain.  Enterprise, Captain.  Aye, sir.  (Kirk and Spock are beamed away)  Transporter room to Mister Spock.  I've locked into the co-ordinates of the Cloud City Council  Gallery. Ready to transport the High Advisor.  What's wrong?  Did you say the word immediately was an exact quote of the  captain's order?  Well, are we going to do anything about it?  I’ll give it further thought. [Council gallery] Scott here.  Locked in, sir.  Aye, sir. [Transporter room] Energising, sir. He's on his way to the captain.  The Advisor looked mighty angry. I hope he doesn't give the  captain too much trouble. 
They refuse, sir.  Engineering to Bridge.  Captain, I just had to give one of those barefooted what do  you call 'ems the boot out of here. She came in bold as brass, tried to  incite my crew to disaffect.  He痴 got everything channelled over. [Bridge] Enterprise here.  Three of them, sir. Expecting a fourth any minute. 
Aye, Captain, all phasers locked on.  Aye, Captain.  Aye, sir.  Aye, Captain.  Mister Scott, sir. There’s no record of a Rayna Kapec in  Federation legal banks. 
Scott to Engineering. Report,  Lieutenant.  We're on emergency battery power only. 
Scott here, Captain.  Seventeen minutes. You three had better come back right  away.  I knew there was trouble. I've got a landing party standing  by.  What's happening? Why are you waiting?  Aye, Captain.  You've got to come aboard now. [Ice Age] Orders or no, I'm beaming you up first.  Now or never, Captain. 
Mister Scott, sir.  Then's the time we move against him. We’ll have to take  over the ship.  Aye. Are you ready for the vote? 
We now have aboard debris from Outpost four, Captain.  We've only the forward phaser room, Captain.  Yes, sir. But Specialist Tomlinson is manning it alone. No  standby crew available. 
