I do not require nutrition at this time. I would like to talk with you. Ensign Kim, what is your place of origin? Lieutenant Torres, explain why you became a member of the Maquis. List the sports you play. Specify the foods you find enjoyable. Describe the nature of your sexual relationship with Lieutenant Paris. I'm doing exactly what you instructed me to do. You made recommendations about how to carry on a conversation. You said it's helpful if people feel you're interested in them. And that drawing them out by asking them about themselves is one way to demonstrate that interest. I believe I am overdue for my weekly medical maintenance. We should go. It is preferable to remaining here. [Bridge] He's dead. [Astrometrics lab]  The nebula extends for at least one hundred ten light years. Possibly more. The crew was unable to tolerate the nebula for even a few minutes. They certainly could not survive a month. You doubt my ability to fulfil this task? I will adapt. As you pointed out, I am neither Borg nor human. I can do this, Captain. Follow the orders of a hologram? I understand. [Briefing room]  Nutritional supplement fourteen beta seven.(The replicator produces a mug and she sits to drink it. Then she goes to Engineering to check the systems there.) [Bridge]  Computer, adjust heading by point three four seven degrees starboard.  Lieutenant Paris has left his stasis unit and is unconscious. Is this likely to happen again? You knew this might happen. Why complain about it? Very small. Pulse, forty two. Body temperature, ninety seven point six. Blood pressure one hundred over fifty. I will continue on my rounds. I have no time for frivolous pursuits. So have you. There is no one here to get along with. I have no desire to have fun. I am attempting to recalibrate the warp field in order to resist the nebula's radiation. I understand you have some knowledge of warp field theory. Perhaps you could assist me. Captain.JANEWAY: Excuse me. SEVEN: Perhaps you could help as well. We're attempting to find a stronger warp field calibration. There is an additional problem. We must compensate for a subspace induction drag on the engines. You ordered me to participate in this programme. You did not specify topics of conversation. I find that it serves no purpose whatsoever. Holodecks are a pointless endeavour, fulfilling some human need to fantasise. I have no such need. I find your self-expression ponderous. We can arrange to avoid one another. We can minimise those reports. (Whumph!) We have to eject the antimatter tanks.  Yes, Doctor?  I believe I can survive long enough to eject the assembly.  I can do it. [Bridge] It's all right, Doctor. False alarm. (A short time later, they are both looking at Vessel Schematic 4747.)EMH: Look here. I think I've found the problem. There are malfunctions in a number of neural gel packs. As a result, false readings were fed to the sensors which detected an emergency when there was none. We must repair them. But they did not. It doesn't help to complain about it now. We can access sequence six theta nine from this junction. (Two gel packs are blue, but one is black.) In what sense? I will reroute the command processors to bypass this series. Since you find it comforting, you'll undoubtedly find something else to complain about. What's happening? The mobile emitter? I am hurrying. Don't panic. It's counterproductive. Doctor? Give me the emitter. The electro-optic modulator is damaged. The nebula is having a deleterious effect on all the ship's technology. I won't disappoint you. [Cargo Bay two] Personal log, Seven of Nine, stardate 51932.4. The twenty ninth day in the Mutara nebula. I believe I'm beginning to feel the effects of this prolonged isolation. My dreams have been disturbing. But I'm determined to fulfil my responsibilities. With the Doctor confined to Sickbay, I have taken on increasing duties. Ship's systems are beginning to require constant maintenance in order to avert disaster. This morning I must purge the auxiliary plasma vents. End log. [Bridge]  Computer, trim heading by point three one degrees port. Computer, respond. Computer, trim heading by point three one degrees port. (The computer sounds ill.) Manual override. Computer, initiate a level four diagnostic of your command processors.  Astrometrics. Analyse. Reroute all functional relays through subprocessor chi one four.  Display Voyager's current position within the nebula. How long to complete passage through the nebula? Six days. [Corridor] PARIS Open a channel. [Corridor] This is the Federation starship Voyager. State your identity. Why are you in this nebula? Do you have liquid helium? I'll beam you directly to our Cargo Bay. [Cargo Bay] It was my Borg designation. No. The entire crew is here in stasis, and our Doctor is in Sickbay. What about your technology? The radiation is causing damage to ours. I am hopeful our propulsion system will remain operational for the next six days. If it weren't necessary, we wouldn't be attempting it. It is nothing remarkable. What do you mean? The microfusion chamber you requested. How could you know that? You said you'd never heard of the Borg. You have what you asked for. Now leave. No. You will not be accommodated. [Corridor] Quiet. Seven of Nine to the Doctor. We have an intruder on board. [Sickbay] It has been experiencing relay failures. I have not been performing my maintenance duties. I am Borg. [Corridor] Where are you? Your location. Seven to Trajis. Are you still there? I'm enjoying this game. What's next? I would have to get to the torpedo bay quickly. Let's play another game. Let's imagine that the oxygen on the bridge has been depleted. What do you suppose the results might be? Computer, seal the bridge with a level three forcefield. (Sounds of Trajis gasping for breath.) Seven of Nine to the Doctor. [Corridor] I have incapacitated the alien. He will not trouble us again. In Engineering. Acknowledged. (Seven gets her rifle. Trajis enters.) Don't come any closer. Stop. Don't come any closer or I'll kill you. Be careful, Doctor, he's dangerous. (The EMH cannot see Trajis.) Where did he go? He was. He was right here. No. I saw him. You mean I imagined him? I heard Lieutenant Paris call for help. I saw him and the others. Did I imagine them as well? They seemed real. Once, when I was a drone, I was separated from the Collective for two hours. I experienced panic and apprehension. I am feeling that way now. What was that? Computer, access the EPS conduits. No. I cannot function alone. No! [Astrometrics lab]  Display Voyager's current position within the nebula. Computer, how long until Voyager is out of the nebula? Go away. No. I will adapt. I will adapt as an individual. I will become stronger. I am an individual. I will survive alone. Bridge. I can survive alone. (The turbolift doors open into a Borg Cube.) No. It's not real. Bridge. [Bridge] Computer, how long until the ship is out of the nebula? Computer, reroute available power from weapons, sensors and environmental controls to the engines. Reroute all available power to the engines. Computer, divert power from stasis units one through ten and reroute to the propulsion systems. Resume course. Computer, how long to complete passage through the nebula? Computer, cut life support to all decks and reroute available power to the stasis units. I am Seven of Nine. I am alone, but I will adapt. I will(Seven passes out.) [Sickbay] The crew? It was interesting. I am glad I was able to help. [Mess hall] Lieutenants Paris and Torres. Ensign Kim. May I join you? I don't require nourishment at this time. I felt the need for companionship. The Doctor was quite helpful. I cannot fault him. I suspect you would've found a way out before that, Lieutenant. Lieutenant Paris refused to stay confined. On four separate occasions, the Doctor and I had to put him back into his stasis unit. Perhaps you dislike being alone. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 Ensign Kim. I require your assistance in Jefferies tube thirty seven alpha. It is urgent. [Tuvok's quarters] I did. I did not. I've learned from observing Lieutenants Torres and Paris that humans sometimes require a pretext for being intimate with one another. Resistance is futile. (Seven pushes Kim against the bulkhead and kisses him.) [Shuttlecraft] He doesn't resemble any species assimilated by the Borg. From where? Astrometric scans haven't revealed any ships in this vicinity, or planets capable of sustaining humanoid life. Captain Janeway asked me to bring you the results of our Astrometric scans. She thought they might be helpful in determining the precise cause of the crew's somnolence. Ensign Kim, now that you're awake I require your assistance in Jefferies tube twenty one beta. Is something wrong? Then I'll wait until you are fully recovered. I have one, Captain. (Seven grabs Kim and throws him to the deck.) Creating a diversion. (loud) Ensign Kim, it is your fault we have been Collective unconsciousness. The Borg share a collective consciousness. These aliens may have somehow inducted a state of collective unconsciousness.
And almost all of it is useless. Ensign? A refund. The star charts we obtained from Abaddon are inaccurate. The computations are based on obsolete data. Cultural artefacts? Perhaps not. This crystal is beryllium. Beryllium is the standard currency in spatial grid five three nine. There are species that would trade an entire fleet of starships for this trinket. Need I remind you? All trades are final. I wasn't aware you were assigned to Astrometrics. Are you planning an away mission? You were charting a course. You've modified your garment. Perhaps you should learn more about this interface before you attempt to use it. Perhaps I should examine it. Seven of Nine to Captain Janeway. Please report to Astrometrics. [Astrometrics lab]  I've managed to reconstruct the data Ensign Paris was working on. My suspicion was correct. It is a course trajectory. It terminates in spatial grid eight six seven. It's empty space, with the exception of a small anomaly.
 I've run a trans-spectral analysis. The area between space and subspace is unstable throughout this region. The gravimetric forces are disrupting our control systems. They appear to be random energy fluctuations. I don't believe they post a threat. Our own warp field may be increasing the gravimetric forces. If we power down the core and use minimal thrusters, we might be able to break free. Your plan could work.  I've established a visual link with the holodeck. The attack appears to be originating from subspace. No. (Lightning flashes hit the distortions.)SEVEN: What was that? Excuse me? Apparently he's found a new enemy. It seems your infantile scenario now poses a security risk. Entertainment. Another frivolous human endeavour. [Holodeck - Proton's ship] We've tried. The controls are still offline. The Doctor is photonic. He may be able to persuade them. A forcefield. Think of it as Starfleet's first encounter with Planet X.
Seven of Nine to the bridge. Please report to Astrometrics. There's something you must see.  The planet has a tachyon core. It's produced a subspace particle field which runs between the poles. Voyager's arrival disrupted that field. The imbalance is affecting the outer crust. I've picked up indications of high-frequency seismic activity. Possibly. The atmosphere is having a scattering effect on our sensors. According to sensors, yes. For each second that passes on Voyager, nearly a day goes by on the planet. I can't isolate individual lifeforms. It'll take time to correct for the space-time differential  An ultra high frequency signal is being transmitted from the surface. The modulation is unfamiliar. Its Doppler component is I will attempt to slow it down. It's a numerical sequence. Followed by a sequence of mathematical constants, and what appears to be a vocal modulation. Go ahead, Commander. The cultural centre of the state runs along the shore of the eastern lake. Your title is verbose. I suggest you try to condense it. Better, but it lacks precision. The Weird Planet Displaced in Time. Seven of Nine to the bridge. I'm transmitting my calculations directly to the helm. The Doctor brought back data regarding the planet's graviton field. We're using it to realign our thrusters. Brace yourself. Our altitude is increasing. Fifty metres. Sixty. Seven of Nine to the bridge. Our attempt to leave orbit is increasing the seismic activity. We must abort. Minimal damage along the equatorial coastline. Nothing serious. Eventually. Very well. A simple conversion will compensate for that. None that I've seen. Your world appears to be unique. You're a highly adaptable species. Your scientists will find a way to compensate for the temporal differential. Perhaps they'll miss Voyager so much, they'll do everything they can to follow us. An antimatter implosion. Your world is experimenting with warp technology. The sensors detected an early test. Another test, six weeks later, and a third. More controlled each time. They're learning quickly. (Whumph.) Too quickly. [Bridge] Go ahead, Captain. The inhabitants appear to have developed antimatter torpedo technology. [Bridge] SEVEN
My visual processors and motor cortex. They are malfunctioning. I cannot comply. Impossible. One. I was simply trying to perfect my social skills as you instructed me to do. You have always been of enormous assistance to me, Doctor. You are my mentor. We are as one. We are as one. I wish to examine the results of the simulation. I've established a telemetry link with the shuttle.  I'm detecting a phase variance. Point one, point two. Point three. The phase variance is decreasing. Phase variance is increasing. Point three. Point four.  Captain, I am receiving a transmission. The signal is being routed through one of my cranial implants. It contains a new set of phase corrections. No. They're not compensating for the phase variance. The Slipstream is collapsing. There is no sign of them. They must have remained in the Slipstream. [2375 Delta Flyer]  Captain, I am receiving a transmission. The signal is being routed through one of my cranial implants. It contains a new set of phase corrections. No.
 This was your first stop on the away mission. A class M planet with one natural satellite. You came into contact with this vessel en route to your second destination. Your second stop. (Images of the massacre.) When Naomi Wildman is sad, she consumes desserts. She claims it improves her emotional state. Perhaps you should try it. She's concerned about you. She told me she wants to visit you. I'll give her your regards. I helped to assimilate millions. Frequently. I have no choice. On the contrary. My feelings of remorse help me remember what I did, and prevent me from taking similar actions in the future. Guilt can be a difficult, but useful, emotion. I altered the recipe slightly. I hope you don't object.  The structure contains a synaptic transmitter. I believe it was designed to send neurogenic pulses throughout this system. Precisely. No. The technology has been neglected for more than two centuries. Its power cells are deteriorating.
That wasn't my intention. That's why I'm here. We'll be shutting down main power soon. The children's regeneration cycle will be interrupted. They'll require supervision. The procedure could take several hours. Nothing. The children have overactive imaginations. I don't want to alarm them unnecessarily. You have considerable childcare experience. I'm sure you'll manage. [Bridge] Acknowledged.(Voyager glides into the purple fog.) [Cargo Bay two] Crewman Celes, step away from the control panel. You caused a power failure in Astrometrics. That's what I'm attempting to find out. I've located the problem. It appears you inadvertently overloaded a series of EPS conduits while performing your diagnostic. Then what were you doing? Seven of Nine to the bridge. Bridge, acknowledge. Lieutenant Torres needs help with the repairs. (Janeway and Tuvok help Paris get to a biobed.) The environmental system converted Cargo Bay two into a micronebula. As long as it remained in the gel pack, there was a chance to contain it. Yes, Captain. [Cargo Bay two] Returning to the nebula is too dangerous. We'd risk invasion by other lifeforms. Captain? The ship began experiencing random malfunctions. Level ten?
We should enter the holodeck with a security team and take them by force. They're not people. They're holograms. I suggest you use your mobile emitter. It'll isolate you from the malfunctions.
Proceed, Ensign. Acknowledged. Take these specifications to Lieutenant Torres.  I've given Operations an efficiency rating of seventy six out of a possible one hundred. The crewmen you assigned to the night shift are frequently left with little to do once the ship's course has been locked in. Religious metaphors are irrelevant. Perhaps you should consider assigning them additional tasks. Crewman Mortimer Harren. He has five advanced degrees in theoretical cosmology, but you've assigned him to the plasma relay room. His talents could be put to better use. As you can see, security is functioning at near-perfect efficiency. However, Commander, if you arrange the phasers in the weapons lockers so that the smaller rifles were in front, they could be more easily removed in the event of an emergency. Crewman William Telfer. He visits the Sickbay almost once a week complaining of illness. Invariably you examine him and find nothing wrong. Wasting your time and medical resources. You are correct, unfortunately. Tal Celes, sensor analyst grade three. Her work must be constantly double checked. She should be removed from Astrometrics and reassigned elsewhere. Perhaps to Engineering. Celes is unreliable. Her sensor analyses will be full of errors. You could be putting your lives at risk. This mission could be better served with a more experienced crew. So you're intending to rescue them?
State your intentions. (Kes knocks them aside with a thought and heads for the warp core.) Lieutenant Torres is dead. Kes has vanished. [Engineering - 2371] State your intentions. State your intentions.
Seven of Nine to the Captain. I've found evidence that the Qomar are attempting to sabotage Voyager. I believe the Qomar are attempting to disable our comm. system. By overloading it with millions of teraquads of irrelevant data. Precisely. I've only been able to decipher a small fraction of them so far, but they include invitations to social and scientific functions, requests for personal encounters, and cloying tributes to the Doctor's talents. Fan mail? The word, I believe, derives from fanatic. Why would the Doctor inspire fanaticism among the Qomar? This glorification of the individual is irrational. The Doctor is merely reproducing the work of others. Why do his fans fixate solely on him? Perhaps, but that doesn't explain their interest in the minutiae of the Doctor's life. What does he do in his spare time? To how many decimal places can he calculate pi? This one wants to know his favourite quadratic equation. Does one of them include instructions for ending a friendship? It will be difficult to maintain if we never see each other again. I will adapt. Why? You're getting everything you've ever wanted. What I don't understand is why you can't do that aboard Voyager. You simply crave attention, applause, fan mail. Those things are irrelevant. You shouldn't keep your fans waiting. [Tincoo's lab] I have something for you. Fan mail. Then I'll read it for you. Dear Doctor. I regret that your last performance was not as successful as you'd hoped. There are still those who appreciate your unique talents and admire you as an individual. I'll always consider myself your loyal fan. It's signed Seven of Nine, Tertiary Adjunct of Unimatrix zero one. (The EMH takes the PADD and she leaves. He gets up and walks into Sickbay.)
 The anomaly is approximately six hundred metres in diameter. The distortion circumscribes a subspace zone that includes a Type G sun and three planets. No. A vessel approaching off the port bow. They've locked on a tractor beam.  We can use the multispatial probe as a transporter relay. Approximately thirty minutes. At this rate, their anti-graviton beam will seal the distortion in approximately twenty nine minutes.  The rift will be sealed in less than two minutes.
 Please remain still so that I can treat your injuries. Thank you. I'm sorry, did that hurt? I'll try to be more careful. Thanks for being a patient patient. Have a pleasant afternoon. This is absurd. This vernacular is not applicable to my duties on Voyager. I don't see the relevance. Please hand me the hypospray. Thank you. Looks at instrument. Excuse me, nurse. This is the wrong hypospray. Would you mind finding the correct one. Thank you. Did I mention you look lovely today? This lesson is terminated. [Medical lab]EMH: I know it's awkward. For me, it was even painful, but you'll find the rewards are well worth the effort. Rewards? I will examine your data. Have a pleasant day. [Bridge] You intend to board their ship? The Hirogen vessel is a potential threat. We should destroy it. Our experience with the Hirogen indicates that compassion would not be reciprocated. You were correct, Captain. It was worth the risk. This time.  I've erected a level ten forcefield around Engineering. Four crewmembers are wounded, two seriously. Species 8472 accessed engineering through the antimatter injector port. Our phaser fire was insufficient. It attacked us then escaped through Jefferies tube seventeen alpha. You believe they were hunting the creature? On many occasions. Each time they boarded a Borg vessel, they went directly to the central power matrix and disabled it. It's obviously adjusted its strategy. Species 8472 is devious and highly intelligent. It will seek the most efficient means of destroying us. Your attempt to destroy it will fail. Species 8472 is highly resistant to all technology. All but one. Borg nanoprobes. I'll modify the phaser rifles to fire nanoprobe discharges. Yes, but it would require additional time. We must stop it as soon as possible. You will be exposing this crew to unnecessary risk. Captain. Level five should be sufficient to stun the creature. [Corridor] They were the only species to offer true resistance to the Borg. They destroyed millions of drones, hundreds of our worlds. I have I've analysed the transmission protocols. It was attempting to open a singularity into it's realm, but it failed.  You wish to see me, Captain? I don't believe that is a prudent course of action. Why? Explain. You are trying to justify your present decision. No. Your decision is tactically unsound. We will be surrounded by Hirogen ships in approximately two hours. If we do not surrender the creature, they will destroy us. A lesson in compassion will do me little good if I am dead. I have observed that you have been willing to sacrifice your own life to save the lives of your crew. It invaded our ship, put our lives at risk to save its own. In my view, it has already forfeited its freedom. I will not comply. I have agreed to remain on Voyager. I have agreed to function as a member of your crew. But I will not be a willing participant in my own destruction or the destruction of this ship. You will fail.  Yes. Understood. [Bridge] Armed and ready. Lower your weapon or I will destroy you. By doing so, I also diverted the Hirogen attack. An attack which would have destroyed us. The creature broke through the forcefield. I had no choice. Yes. (Janeway turns to leave.) SEVEN: It is puzzling. You made me into an individual. You encouraged me to stop thinking like a member of the Collective, to cultivate my independence and my humanity. But when I try to assert that independence I am punished. I believe that you are punishing me because I do not think the way you do. Because I am not becoming more like you. You claim to respect my individuality, but in fact you are frightened by it.
This station doesn't require two operators. (Seven is in a tight grey suit, and a slightly different hairstyle.) Employee one three two six, and you're employee eight five eight four. Since you're new here, you may not be fully familiar with the labour protocols, but you should be aware that fraternising is not permitted during work hours. Annika Hansen. I'm the new Efficiency Monitor. Now that you do, I suggest you return to your station. Do it quickly.  Employee eight five eight three. Mister Tuvok. According to my records, you've neglected to report for your last three inoculations. These inoculations are for your protection. A sick worker is not an efficient worker. Report to the infirmary. (Tuvok is looking a bit sweaty.) What? My employee number is eight five eight six. Take your hands off me! (Tuvok starts a mind meld.) Call security! (He shows her herself stepping down from her regeneration alcove.) Good morning. Is there any reason to believe that his condition might be contagious? He came in contact with other workers. Some of them have expressed concern. Both of them failed to report for work today. YERID What about this man? Employee nine three six three. He didn't report for his shift either. (That is Chakotay.) Why are you looking for him? Your shift ended three hours ago. Removing property from these premises is not permitted. Be sure that you do. [Supervisor's office]  Display the personnel file for employee eight five eight three. Display all medical and historical data for this employee's species. List all files accessed by this employee since he's been here. I don't know. But the name on one of those files is B'Elanna Torres. They both began working at the plant on the same day along with one hundred thirty six others, including myself. More than a hundred skilled employees, most of them the same species, acquired in a single day, during a labour shortage. You'll also note that every one of them was processed with the Central Hospital when they arrived. Yes, by Quarantine Control. but everyone on this list all of them were processed through Division six. That's what the records indicate, but I don't remember being there. You can start by interviewing Mister Tuvok. You'll find him at the hospital. He became emotionally unstable. Why not? He can't assist you. He's been relieved of duty. This man's also in Tuvok's file. Why don't you tell him? Maybe I can help. [Ravoc's consulting room]  Recently, I've been I've been experiencing some disturbing thoughts. I don't believe it's anything serious, but I would like to speak with someone. Guest labour code green. Employee eight five eight six. Yes, when I first arrived. I don't recall that. What's the cause of this syndrome? I'd like to speak with this expert. So am I. Perhaps I should return when he's free. Thank you. It appears this Chakotay was telling the truth. I don't believe it's every worker. Your name didn't appear in Doctor Kadan's patient files, But mine did. So did yours. How can we locate it? There's a subspace transponder at the power plant. If I were to return to the hospital in your custody, it would give us an opportunity to help Chakotay and Tuvok. [Quarren Medical Facility] I suggest you comply. [Power Distribution Plant] Doctor Ravoc. Why is this man here?
Insignificant malfunctions. I will correct them. The computer core is inefficient. It needed to be improved. I've explained the value of these enhancements on several occasions, but Lieutenant Torres chose to ignore me. I thought a demonstration would be more persuasive. Clearly Voyager is not yet ready for assimilation. A joke. The doctor suggested that I defuse tense situations with humour. We are experiencing a ship-wide power drain. This is unrelated to my modifications. Captain, I recognise this phenomenon. It's Borg designation is spatial anomaly five two one. It's attracted to objects that emit electromagnetic energy. We have to cut power and reverse our shield polarity.  I'm receiving telemetry from the probe. It appears to have entered a stable core within the anomaly. The gravimetric forces are negligible. An apt metaphor. The Borg developed shields to get through the gravimetric currents. They intended to dissipate the anomaly from within. Perhaps we should continue their efforts. I didn't realise you shared this crew's penchant for exploration. When the risks outweigh the potential gain, exploration is illogical. There are more that two point eight billion compounds in the core. The computer has isolated several synthetic compounds native to sector zero zero one. Commander Chakotay mentioned a space capsule that was consumed by a graviton ellipse. Shield enhancements. Captain, do you intend to try to find the command module? The anomaly is as dangerous and unpredictable now as it was three hundred years ago. That may not be enough. Searching for the command module seems more sentimental than scientific. How will retrieving this artefact enhance your appreciation of history? Are you ordering me to join this mission? Am I interrupting? Hero worship. The glorification of an individual's accomplishment. In the Collective, personal accomplishments are irrelevant. The shield modifications to the Flyer are complete. We're ready for launch. You'll need someone familiar with Borg technology to monitor the shields. I'm volunteering. I'm not, but this mission can benefit from my expertise. I don't recall that. An inefficient use of your time. You envy my participation in this mission? Why? To coin a phrase. I'm reading diminished turbulence directly ahead. Well, I suppose it's intriguing. Some of the matter appears to be extra-dimensional in origin. I'm having difficulty isolating the debris from the command module. We should focus on achieving our objective and returning to Voyager. Explore. I am familiar with our mission.  The fossilised microbes in this ore appear to have had metallic membranes. You're excited by this discovery? Commander? Unlikely. And leave Voyager without a First Officer? Why didn't you pursue it? I was assimilated when I was a child. A ballerina. It was a juvenile fantasy. It appears to be intact. We don’t have time. Commander. At our current speed, forty seconds.  How badly is he damaged? That may not be possible. Communications, shields and propulsion are still offline. We can repair the shields, but the engines are unsalvageable. It's worse. The ellipse showing signs of returning to subspace. Another gravimetric surge. That system was damaged as well. They're offline. We explored that option while you were unconscious. There's no time. I suggest you recuperate. We have the situation under control. Very well. We were ordered by the Captain to leave this anomaly, but you chose to disobey that command. As a result of your obsession with the module, we are now trapped along with it. In all probability we won't survive without An inventory of the damaged systems. Read it for yourself. You put our lives at risk. They're using a probe as a transmission relay. I'm matching their frequency. Voyager, this is the Delta Flyer. Respond. Correct. [Delta Flyer - cockpit]  We can't get power to any of the primary systems. Even if it were possible, we have to obtain the object [Delta Flyer - cockpit] Before we can adapt it.  Are you encouraging me to volunteer again, Captain? [Briefing room] Stand by. History is irrelevant. There may not be time, but I'll try. Dark. The ambient temperature is minus two hundred sixty degrees. There appear to be fractures in the aft bulkheads. Yes. (So is Kelly's body.) SEVEN: I've brought the main computer online. There's an active data file. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] SEVEN I believe so. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment]  I've located the device, but it's fused to the hull. Stand by. [Delta Flyer - cockpit]  Understood. [2032. Ares Four Command Module] I have the distributor. I'm downloading Lieutenant Kelly's database. Lock onto my bio-signature and my comm. badge. Energise. [Bridge] No effect. Power conversion in process. The plasma flow is still fluctuating. Captain. I did not know this individual. Had I encountered him while I was a Borg I would have found his technology unworthy of assimilation. But we are more alike than one might think. In a sense, his desire to explore was not unlike a quest for perfection. [Sickbay] (Chakotay is on a  biobed listening, along with the EMH.)SEVEN  (sotto) The Yankees, in six games. (She looks over at Janeway, who nods.)
What were my instructions? Why didn't you comply? Lieutenant Torres required my assistance in Engineering. I was gone for less than ten minutes. Controlling them is proving more difficult than I anticipated. They're highly unpredictable. Mezoti! What woman? She's made contact with a small ship approximately three light years from here. Thank you, but they require my supervision. Mezoti. I've allotted one hour for recreational activity. There's no time for irrelevant conversation. Adhering to our schedule will allow us to use our time more efficiently. We'll be able to participate in Fun will now commence. You are encouraging disorder. You will exercise punishment protocol nine alpha. None. Commander. I no longer wish to serve as guardian to the Borg children. Their behaviour is chaotic. My attempts to apply discipline only result in further disorder. Neelix issued a similar warning prior to my taking this assignment, which is why I devised an activities schedule to promote focus and unity. Oh seven hundred hours, the children emerge from their alcoves. Nutrients are ingested in the mess hall prior to proceeding to the science lab to begin classes. At thirteen hundred hours nutrients are consumed a second time, before reporting to the holodeck, where they're studying comparative alien physiology. On the contrary, I've scheduled recreational activities. (She has the schedule on the screen. 1500-1600 hours. Fun.) According to my research, children require structure. You're comparing me to the Collective? So that each child has the same opportunities to learn. Then grant my request. Choose a more suitable crew member to instruct them. I can see that. Well done. Impressive. What's this? I don't see the resemblance. You were instructed to create a geometric shape. It is crude. However, it does demonstrate ingenuity and individuality. No. Resume your disorder. [Kim's quarters]
A spatial rift is opening directly ahead of us. [Bridge] SEVEN What's happened to this vessel? When a Borg cube travels trough a transwarp corridor, the temporal stresses are extreme. To keep the different sections of the Cube in temporal sync, we project a chronoton field throughout the vessel. Each Cube has specially designed conduits. If we install similar conduits throughout this vessel, then generate a sufficiently powerful field, we may be able to force Voyager back into temporal sync. The vessel will return to the moment of the original chrono-kinetic surge. Since the surge will last for six or seven seconds, Commander Chakotay will have a short time in which he could try to counteract the warp core reaction. The warp core could be recalibrated to generate that field. Your plan is inefficient. There are only two of you. If I were to assimilate you into a small Borg Collective, you could then assimilate others. The work would proceed more rapidly.
Some of the debris is over eight hundred years old, Captain. There's a planet eight million kilometres ahead, uninhabited. But the atmosphere is charged with radiogenic particles. Three thousand isorems. The main reactor is drawing energy from the planet's geothermal This display indicates that there are more chambers behind these walls. Some of them have failed. I've activated the reanimation sequence. He may be able to provide us with answers. Most humanoid cultures are. How do you know that? The Collective's memory from nine hundred years ago is fragmentary. Eleven. Unfortunately they are already occupied. By the Borg. None taken. That is part of the Devore Imperium now. An authoritarian regime. They claim eleven systems across three sectors. The Devore are intolerant of outsiders. Your pessimism is irrelevant. We will find a home for you.  This is an M class planet in orbit of a type G star. We've located a subcontinent with edible vegetation and an underground water supply. Unfortunately, the region is subject to windstorms. You will adapt. She must have been an efficient individual. As a drone, I helped assimilate many civilisations. Now I have the opportunity to help reconstruct one. I find the experience gratifying. Captain Janeway is committed to getting Voyager back to Earth. We will adapt. Yes? Acknowledged. I'll accompany you to the bridge. [Cargo Bay two] The subspace corridors. Your source material is folktales, Mister Neelix. Astrometrics scans detected fifty three ion signatures entering the corridors. All Vaadwaur. They were destroyed by the Turei bombardment. Captain, I believe I made an error in judgment. By awakening Gedrin, I initiated a chain of events that nearly led to our destruction. I wanted to help revive a civilisation, not start a war. Their technology is nine centuries out of date. Their plans for conquest are irrelevant.
Captain? Perhaps they had access to a Federation database. I've used the tricorder data, holo-images and astrometric scans to extrapolate a cross-section of the interior. I believe they used a combination of holographic projection and particle synthesis. There are thirteen thermionic generators beneath the city. I can't identify the energy signatures. Perhaps they've acquired it from the Borg. If our previous experience is any indication, they will try to destroy Earth. Yes, Captain. I thought it would be prudent to maximize their efficiency. The species is highly adaptive. It's been over a year since our first encounter. They may have developed a defence against our technology. Something's wrong. The nanoprobes should have taken effect by now. What is it? Doctor. I will replicate more nanoprobes.  [Doctor's office] Improbable. Species 8472 will not respond to diplomacy. It is difficult to be optimistic when we are preparing for battle. No. And yet, in Earth's Third World War, nuclear weapons accounted for six hundred million casualties. Were they looking on the bright side? The Borg modifications are complete. Nineteen standard photon torpedoes and three class tens armed with high-yield warheads. We ha've depleted our supply of nanoprobes. That is not possible. This species intends to purge our galaxy of all life. It's time you resisted your Starfleet philosophy. The Delta Flyer is heading up from the habitat. Captain, we should target their power systems as well. This species does not deserve our compassion.  They're charging weapons. I am no longer part of the Collective. Captain? Your galaxy will be purged. Sound familiar?  The design schematic for our nanoprobe weapons as requested. Perhaps. It's difficult to have faith in an idea which may prove tactically unsound. I prefer to remain aboard Voyager. If problems arise while you're in the habitat When you ordered me to disarm the warhead during the negotiation, I anticipated an immediate attack. I believed they would take advantage of your human weakness. I was wrong. If I had been in your position, we would most likely be engaged in a battle with 8472 at this moment. How did you know? Faith. [Starfleet Headquarters - gardens]
 Borg classification three four seven nine two. Particle density anomaly. I believe it was formed by the collision of two neutron stars. The wavefront is travelling at a velocity of two hundred thousand kilometres per second, and it extends for three point six light years. Approximately fifteen hours. Space sickness? Perhaps you should go to Sickbay. Explain. I possess superior hand-eye coordination. Clarify. Then in that case, perhaps we should sit down.
I wasn't. This space was unoccupied so I came here to work. I'm reconfiguring the power couplings in this section. The Astrometrics lab requires additional energy. They are minor adjustments. Primary systems will not be affected. There is no need for anger. I had no intention of causing a problem. Understood. (Seven moves aside for Torres.)SEVEN: I am unaccustomed to working in a hierarchy. In the Collective there was no need to ask permission. Lieutenant? Of course. I am sorry for the inconvenience.  [Doctor's office] Yes. I examined their work area. There was no record of any findings. The electron resonance scanner appeared to be malfunctioning. I could return to the science lab and attempt to repair it. For what purpose? Explain. If you are correct, perhaps our actions are being monitored. Our first course of action should be to collect more information. Proceed. No. Understood. Captain, I wish to speak with you about (Seven sees Janeway with large needles sticking into her head and two aliens monitoring her.) My attempts to repair the resonance scanner have failed. I require assistance. Yes, Captain. (Seven leaves.) I've observed fifty six of the aliens. There could be more. They seem to be conducting experiments on the crew and monitoring the results. I may be among them. In the turbolift one of them probed me with a medical instrument. I've been analysing their energy signatures. I believe there's a way to make them visible to everyone. Using a precisely modulated phaser beam. If we expose them the crew may be able to fight back. What do you suggest? Will the crew recover? The power relays could be reconfigured to do it. You assume correctly. But I will have to bypass several safeguards. It will take time. Yes.  There is a malfunction. I'm attempting to repair it.  [Bridge] Normally I would.  [Engineering]  However, they are all occupied with other tasks. [Bridge] I assure you there is no cause for concern. [Engineering] As I told you, I am conducting repairs. (sotto) I can't explain what I'm doing but you must allow me to continue. I realise that. (One of the aliens steps forward. Seven pushes Tuvok aside, grabbing his phaser. She adjusts it and fires at the alien, bringing him into normal view. Then she takes her as a shield and points the phaser at the other You will come with me to speak to the captain. I am certain she will have questions for you.  [Brig] Understood. My attempts to use the EPS relays to induce neuraleptic shock have failed. The aliens may be responsible. We have the ability to make them visible. If we could modify enough sensors we could resist them. Captain, one of the aliens has entered the bridge. Two alien vessels are attempting to disengage from Voyager. (One makes it, the other is ripped apart by the pulsar's gravity.) There are breaches on decks four, seven, eight and twelve.
It's likely you'll be replaced by a more experienced officer. I disagree. You familiarised yourself with this vessel. Another time, perhaps. Ensign. Crewmen Boylen and White. Frequently late for their duty shifts. Acceptable. The survey took longer than expected. A wormhole. The odds of finding such a phenomenon are infinitesimal. Looking for anomalous readings. This wormhole is only three hundred million kilometres away. Long range scans should have detected it days ago. I completed my diagnostic. Sensors are operating at peak efficiency. On the contrary. The wormhole's neutrino levels are extremely erratic. Starfleet may be in error. We should run further scans. The Doctor often instructs me to look before I leap. It is an antiquated adage, but I believe it is relevant. Captain.  Computer, access all logs entries recorded by Captain Janeway on Stardate 52542. Play first log entry. Play next log entry. Play next log entry. There is no one here by that name. I don't. Claudia Hansen. She claims to be a sister of my father. She is looking forward to meeting me. Ambassador?  Ensign, I require a moment of your time. Have you noticed anything unusual about the crew's behaviour since we returned? When I presented the Captain with evidence that the wormhole may not be what it appears to be, she seemed unconcerned. I believe the crew is being deceived by false telemetry as well as overly-optimistic correspondence. No doubt containing good news. Then you doubt the veracity of the letters as well.  Computer, activate the EMH. The wormhole is not what it appears to be. I believe that the crew is being You weren't informed. Considering everyone's recent behaviour, that's not surprising. Since the discovery of this wormhole the crew has ignored obvious signs that it's a deception. You must determine if there is a physiological explanation. CHAKOTAY [OC] Seven of Nine to the bridge. On my way.  Computer, perform a gravimetric scan of the wormhole's interior. Look for inconsistencies in the spatial gradient. Recalibrate sensors and try again. Isolate grid nine two five and magnify. Computer, is that a vessel in grid ninety one? Open a comm. channel. Alien vessel, this is the starship Voyager. Respond. Alien vessel. Seven of Nine, Federation starship Voyager. Our ship is on an intercept course three point four light years from your position. How. Computer, identify the cause of the power failure. I've made contact with a vessel inside the anomaly. Alien. The pilot attempted to warn us away. The sensors are malfunctioning. He said we were being deceived. The wormhole is not what it appears to be. The data is flawed. May I ask you a personal question? Are you looking forward to seeing your wife and family? And is that desire stronger than you expected it to be? I believe you are being manipulated. Someone or something is compromising your logic, otherwise you would be willing to listen to my concerns. From whom? Elaborate. You do not share your mother's desire to return to Earth? Curious. You and I appear to be the only ones not affected. I am not certain. Stay here until I return. [Sickbay]  Computer, activate EMH. Where's the Doctor? Why? He must be reactivated. It's urgent. Why? You should not attempt to do so without the Doctor's supervision. Then the procedure is inadvisable. I need to adjust my regeneration parameters. How long will I remain inactive? Naomi Wildman. [Bridge] Pay attention to me. If this indicator begins to flash enter the following series of commands. Watch carefully. Do you understand? I'm sorry. (Seven shoots Torres, then the other crew.) [Bridge]  Computer, erect a level ten forcefield around Engineering. Lock out the command controls of Borg encryption code two nine four. [Bridge] You are damaged. The crew? Our hull is demolecularising. No, they don't. Return to your quarters while I assess the situation. Simplistic, but accurate. He will survive. We must keep moving. Naomi Wildman. We will return for him. (Naomi reaches out her arms to Seven, who picks her up and carries her. They pass a row of windows.)NAOMI: I don't think that's Earth. No. I've restored partial systems. I'm reading organic compounds, bioplasmic discharges, a vast network of neural pathways. If it is, it's the largest I've seen. Over two thousand kilometres in diameter. My earlier scans revealed a vessel. I'm trying to find it again. Possibly. There. It's heavily damaged but still functioning. Alien vessel, respond. [Qatai's ship] SEVEN Our crew believed they were returning to their homes. [Astrometrics lab] QATAI Yes. I believe we should work together to escape this anomaly. Lower your shields and I'll beam you aboard. I will enhance your shield emitters. I assure you we are not a deception. My scans indicate that your shields will fail in approximately fifteen minutes. Join us, or you can remain on your vessel secure in the knowledge that you were not deceived. But that knowledge will do you little good when you are dead. Decide now. You're referring to the anomaly we've entered. What does it want? Everyone believed it was a wormhole. You are familiar with this lifeform. And have you become impervious to its telepathy? It's not a monster, it's a bioplasmic organism, and we will find a way out. Voyager has been lured into the digestive chamber of a bioplasmic organism. We require your assistance in charting an escape route. It's our proximity to the creature. The neurogenic field is stronger here. It's already rendered most of the crew unconscious. Does your vessel's database contain information on the creature's anatomy? Retrieve it. I’m here. Yes, but we are going to find a way out. There is no time. Explain. My scans indicate that your weapons are tetryon based. If you were to fire one at a pocket of antimatter released from our warp core, it would produce an electrolytic reaction.  Qatai's vessel is ready. Efficient. I’m plotting a course for the organism's oesophageal aperture. Prepare to release the antimatter. Hull integrity's dropped another thirteen percent. Doctor? Voyager to Qatai. Prepare to fire. [Qatai's ship]  What's wrong? I could establish an interface to Voyager's targeting array.  Initiate the burst on my mark. Now. [Qatai's ship] Voyager has been expelled. We're three point nine kilometres from the organism. Qatai's vessel was also released. We've cleared the organism. I am impervious to the creature's influence. Initiate another antimatter burst. Now. Fire. (The creature's mouth opens and the two spaceships come hurtling out.) Are we certain? I’m taking us out of range. Maximum warp. Your engines have taken heavy damage. You require our assistance. The procedure would take several days. Yes, Captain.  The Doctor will explain. I will file a complete report in the morning, after I have regenerated. Captain's log, 52542.3. we've deployed a series of beacons to warn other vessels about the bioplasmic creature and resumed a course for home. Our real home. [Astrometrics lab] By whom? I see. And does studying this image increase your desire to go there? I concur. It is unremarkable. Given this crew's determination to return home, I have no doubt we will see it for ourselves someday. (Once more, Qatai flies towards his nemesis, his white whale.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Here, doing my job. I'm trying to retrieve more of the message transmitted from Starfleet Command. I'm fine. Fifty eight hours I have gone as long as two hundred hours without regenerating I assure you, I have not forgotten. Another one. I have retrieved another word of text. That makes six. This message is important to the captain On the other hand, it is entirely possible that your programme will be deleted and you'll be upgraded to conform to the most recent standards. I've seen this before. The Borg encountered a small ship of species five one seven four. They were also destroyed in this fashion. No. It was irrelevant. Yes, Captain. Captain's log, stardate 51501.4. After two days at high warp, we're close enough to the relay station to see it on long range visual sensors. [Bridge] The datastream degraded during transmission. Elements have been dislocated, rearranged. It's going to require some time to decompress the message and rearrange it in the proper sequence. I've accessed a block of data. I'm downloading the text. Captain. I've discovered something odd. There seems to be more here than just letters. There's a latent datastream buried under the message. It's heavily encrypted. It appears to contain a large block of text and what may be maps Not immediately. When more of the letters have been cleared out, I should be able to access the coded message. It lacks any emotional resonance for me. I've never even been to Earth. That had not occurred to me. Captain, I'm beginning to have trouble accessing the datastream. The longer it remains lodged in the relay station, the more it degrades. A shuttle could withstand the gravimetric eddies more easily than Voyager. I'd like to try it. For what reason? As you wish. [Astrometrics lab]  Commander, am I correct in assuming that Vulcans are incapable of lying? You have never lied? Then I must ask you something. Is it the captain's custom to send at least two people on an away mission? I see. I am wondering if the captain still doesn't trust me. If she feels I require supervision. I believe we are close enough to emit a polaron pulse. Ready. That should prevent further degradation of the signal. My understanding of the hierarchy on Voyager is that the captain's opinion is important to every member of the crew. (Whumph!)SEVEN: What's happened? The navigational sensors have been disrupted. Commander, we've lost other systems as well. We have no communications, no warp engines and no weapons. They're at fifty thousand kilometres and closing. I'll try to get at least one phaser array back online. Commander, one more hit and we'll be susceptible to a hull breach. I'll try to disrupt it. Unsuccessful. Where are we? This is most uncomfortable. Have you seen anyone? You will find our captain a formidable opponent and our ship heavily armed. What possible use could you make of my intestines? You are a crude species. Only your size makes you formidable.
 These nutritional supplements are unacceptable. (Seven is holding a tray of limp leaves and other vegetables.) They are pungent. My palette is sufficiently broad. Prixin? What should I do to prepare? Naomi? I don't recall that designation on the crew manifest. I was regenerating. Do you require assistance? You are a peculiar creature, Neelix. The Kazon. Species three two nine. The Borg encountered a Kazon colony in the Gand Sector, grid six nine two zero. Their biological and technological distinctiveness was unremarkable. They were unworthy of assimilation. Why assimilate a species that would detract from perfection? Neelix is dead? His neural pathways, are they intact? How long has he been dead? How long? Then it's not too late to reactivate him. That's precisely what I'm saying. The Borg have assimilated species with far greater medical knowledge than your own. We are capable of reactivating drones as much as seventy three hours after what you would call death. We will adapt. Nanoprobes are used to reverse cellular necrosis, while the cerebral cortex is stimulated with a neuroelectric isopulse. By your narrow definition, perhaps, but not by mine. You will extract seventy micrograms of nanoprobes from my bloodstream. I will modify them to match his Talaxian physiology. His function in this crew is diverse. If you wish to salvage him we must proceed immediately. The nanoprobes will compensate for any cellular degradation. Captain, a decision has to be made quickly. The cadaver has been sufficiently prepared. Set neuroelectric isopulses for one second intervals. Now. (Neelix jerks. Biomedical scan 0208 shows the results.)SEVEN: Neural activity at nine percent, ten percent, twelve percent. The alveoli in his lung are regenerating. They should be We must stabilise his motor neurones. No. You were dead. The Borg have assimilated the technique from species one four nine. I simply modified it. But you are welcome.  Human attitudes toward death are perplexing. Too much importance is placed on it. There seem to be countless rituals and cultural beliefs designed to alleviate their fear of a simple biological truth. All organisms eventually perish. None. When a drone is damaged beyond repair, it is discarded. But it's memories continue to exist in the Collective consciousness. To use a human term, the Borg are immortal. My connection to the Borg has been severed, but the Collective still possesses my recollections, my experiences. In a sense, I will always exist. Yes, it is. [Engineering] No. I don't understand the rules and procedures for this type of social occasion. Chime in? I will try, Captain. Children assimilated by the Borg are placed in maturation chambers for seventeen cycles. To regulate the dosage of nanoprobes for your next injection. Till your damaged cells can function on their own. That is irrelevant. You need the nanoprobes to live. By most definitions you are alive. Which part are you referring to? Stop moving and allow me to complete the scan. You were dead at the time. There was no alternative. I would be negligent in my duties if I did that. Your cells are returning to a necrotic state. We must get you to Sickbay. [Sickbay] We modified the nanoprobes to compensate and it appears to be working. Neelix is stable, for now. You will be assimilated. Life is irrelevant.  Neelix. Are you looking for me? You are not. No apology is necessary. I would have done the same for any member of this crew. Is there something else? Your point, Mister Neelix? Was? Do you intend to leave? Goodbye. [Mess hall]
If you're attempting to embarrass me, you won't succeed. You would be wise to follow Icheb's example. By applying himself, he's become a valued member of this crew.
Daily log, Seven of Nine, stardate 15781.2. Today, Ensign Kim and I will conduct a comprehensive diagnostic of the aft sensor array. I have allocated three hours twenty minutes for the task, and an additional seventeen minutes for Ensign Kim's usual conversational digressions. I am scheduled to take a nutritional supplement at fifteen hundred hours, engage in one hour of cardiovascular activity, then I intend to review a text the Doctor recommended entitled A Christmas Carol. He believes it will have educational value. End log.(Yes, she really did get the stardate wrong.)  [Mess hall] Ensign. Are you ready to begin our sensor diagnostic? Vulcan kal-toh. Elementary spatial harmonics. Are you ready now? I was Borg. Not exactly. Each drone's experiences are processed by the Collective. Only useful information is retained. Probably. Are we attempting to protect the core from some form of subspace radiation? It will be difficult to complete the task without more data. Omega? I thought she might.  [Ready room] Everything you do, most likely. That's correct. Do you intend to carry out the Directive? Then sensors have detected the molecule. We? Perhaps you should do the latter. I will not help you destroy Omega. It should be harnessed. The Borg believe otherwise. On one occasion, we were able to create a single Omega molecule. We kept it stable for one trillionth of a nanosecond before it destabilised. We didn't have enough boronite ore left to synthesise more, but the knowledge we gained allowed us to refine our theories. Yes. But we never found another source of the ore. Until now. Those orders were issued as a result of Starfleet's ignorance and fear. I can alleviate your ignorance. As for your fear Twenty nine vessels, six hundred thousand drones. But that is irrelevant. I will assist you. I have waited many years to observe this molecule firsthand. I will not deny myself this experience. Not curiosity. Desire. Omega is infinitely complex, yet harmonious. To the Borg it represents perfection. I wish to understand that perfection. Captain? I've analysed the sensor logs using Borg algorithms. The shockwave we detected indicates not one but possibly hundreds of Omega molecules. Within ten light years. I'm having difficulty isolating the exact star system. A shuttle mission may be insufficient. We require the resources of this entire crew. Or a weapon. This is a harmonic resonance chamber. The Borg designed it to contain and stabilise Omega. The torpedo may be insufficient. I can modify this chamber to emit an inverse frequency. It will be enough to dissolve Omega's interatomic bonds. The modifications require several complex calculations. Assist me. Two hundred twenty nine years ago. Yes, of thirteen different species. It began with Species two six two. They were primitive, but their oral history referred to a powerful substance which could burn the sky. The Borg were intrigued, which led them to Species two six three. They too were primitive, and believed it was a drop of blood from their Creator. Yes, but irrelevant. We followed this trail of myth for many years until finally assimilating a species with useful scientific data. We then created the molecule ourselves. A creation myth like any other. Yes. Understood.  [Bridge] Six of Ten, this is not your assignment. You are compromising our productivity. I'm reassigning you to chamber maintenance. Your new designation is Two of Ten. A Starfleet protocol I adapted. I find it most useful. The crew can be quite efficient when properly organised. The harmonic chamber will be completed within the hour. Has she retrieved any new data from the surface? Were there survivors? He has knowledge I require. Unacceptable. The Captain left me in charge of our efforts on Voyager. I would be negligent if I ignored a source of new information.  (The EMH steps in front of her.) How many of the molecules were you able to synthesise? What is the isofrequency of your containment field? That should have been enough to stabilise them. Obviously. But your approach is innovative. Perhaps I can adapt your technique and improve upon it. You will assist me. I have no intention of saving them. My orders are to destroy the Omega molecules. Will you assist me or not? Then your answer is no. On the contrary. I understand perfectly.  [Laboratory] That is still an option, if she insists on yielding to her fear. This simulation shows the molecules in their free state, highly unstable. I've modified the chamber to emit a harmonic waveform that will dampen the molecules. On Omega. It will work. I have been a member of this crew for nine months. In all of that time, I have never made a personal request. I am making one now. Allow me to proceed. Please. Particle zero one zero. The Borg designation for what you call Omega. Every Drone is aware of its existence. We were instructed to assimilate it at all costs. It is perfection. The molecules exist in a flawless state. Infinite parts functioning as one. Precisely. I am no longer Borg, but I still need to understand that perfection. Without it, my existence will never be complete. Commander, you are a spiritual man. If you had the chance to see your God, your Great Spirit, what would you do? Then you understand. Thank you.  [Laboratory] Yes, Commander. That's not advisable. Then I recommend moving the ship within five thousand kilometres of the surface. Transport was successful. It's working. Eleven percent of the molecules have already been neutralised. Did Chakotay tell you about my idea? Then you will allow me to stabilise the remaining molecules. Your Starfleet Directive is no longer relevant. I have found a way to control Omega. A foolish decision. I could have done this without your permission, but I chose to follow your command structure. I should have made the attempt. I still can. Eighteen percent. Yes. but it would rupture the chamber. Forty, fifty percent at best. Harmonic resonance at maximum, Captain. Eighty percent remaining. Any damage to our power grid could overload the chamber. Omega would chain react. Seventy two percent. The molecules are stabilising. I've done nothing. It's occurring spontaneously. He protested. I deactivated him. This simulation contains many religious components. I was studying them to help me understand what I saw in Cargo Bay two. For three point two seconds I saw perfection. When Omega stabilised, I felt a curious sensation. As I was watching it, it seemed to be watching me. The Borg have assimilated many species with mythologies to explain such moments of clarity. I've always dismissed them as trivial. Perhaps I was wrong.
 You wished to see me, Captain? Impressive. (On the astrometrics screen is a massive tower with eight spokes running off from the base which join into roads. The area within the spokes appears to be built up, but the surrounding land is all fields, with the Interstate running past.) Is this relevant to our present mission? This ancestor of yours is fifteen generations removed. You only possess a small fraction of her genetic material. Insignificant. Explain. I never realised genealogy could have such an impact. The Lighthouse of Alexandria built by Ptolemy the Second in 280 BC. Captain Janeway requested that I research one of her ancestors. You've heard of her. If you wish. (Neelix picks up a PADD.) He was one of my progenitors. A twenty second century prize-fighter. The Captain encouraged me to investigate my genealogy as well. Somehow, I doubt 'Buttercup' has much relevance to me. A coincidence. If I choose to procreate. My research has failed. I have found no references to this individual. I've also discovered journalistic accounts in the historical archives. Mostly articles concerning resistance to the Millennium Gate. I would prefer stasis. What was his course of action? Ensign Paris, you have yet to elaborate on your family origins. You are mistaken, Captain. Her life captured your imagination. Historical details are irrelevant.
Need to check the internal sensors. Is this chair occupied? Yes or no would suffice. Explain. Very well. (Seven walks away, and Neelix returns to his seat.)  Computer, switch to polythermal imaging and enhance resolution. Neelix, do you require assistance? I'm mapping the caverns surrounding the crash site. Approximately thirty seven kilometres. Every scan reveals something new, but as yet little of relevance. Infrequently. I was only six years old when I was assimilated. I barely remember them. Yes, Commander. I will meet you at the transporter site. I adapted. The child Naomi will adapt as well. Captain, the cavern has collapsed ahead of us. However, I am reading a hull signature behind the debris. I'll need to take a closer reading.  Commander, I'm reading duranium alloys. I believe it is the shuttle. Approximately eighty metres beneath this rubble. None. Commander, without lifesigns to lock onto we cannot beam the crew out. Through fifty kilotons of bemonite?
Nothing extraordinary. A red giant and two G type stars, a Golorian trading vessel bearing one five six mark four. A cloaked fleet would generate significant subspace distortions. Why do you ask? Understood. [Sickbay] The signal didn't originate on another vessel. It came from inside Voyager. I performed a Fourier analysis on the recording. The harmonics have been modified. (Frequency analysis 71) Unlikely. There's no carrier wave. I'm detecting a matching signature. Distance, six point seven light years. Not until we purge the excess subroutines. You should remain still. Your cognitive algorithms are malfunctioning.
If the Borg had intercepted this probe, humanity would have been assimilated centuries ago.  The readings are coming from the northern subcontinent. There are high levels of antimatter radiation in the atmosphere, scattering the probe's signature. None. Microscopic machines. Hopefully they'll help us repair your damaged tissue. My bloodstream. They maintain my cybernetic implants. No, I'm unique.  The first phase of your therapy is complete. How do you feel? (There are fewer lesions on Otrin's face.) Your lungs were damaged by the radiation. The nanoprobes are repairing them. Unfortunately, Mister Verin has refused our help. His behaviour is irrational. No. But that doesn't mean that we're responsible for what's happened here. They made an error in judgment. They failed to anticipate the consequences of their actions. But they never meant to destroy your world. Human culture has evolved, learned from its mistakes. So can yours. Then your people may need a change of leadership. Someone more open to new ideas. But you're a scientist. Someone who can see a problem and envision a solution. The same definition could apply to a leader. [Cave] Atmospheric processors are one possibility. It would require multiple detonations at low altitude, but I believe it could work. Ready.
One day. I have been considering some less radical changes in my personal life. I realise I don't have a rank, but I would like to request a uniform. A bed would be more comfortable. Since I arrived on Voyager, your guidance has been invaluable. Thank you, Captain. To the newest member of our crew. May all her desires be fulfilled except for one, so she'll always have something to strive And may she inherit a sense of logic from her mother.  Go ahead. Acknowledged. Computer, end programme.(Seven returns to her semi-Borg self, and puts her hair back up as she leaves.) [Astrometrics lab] I wasn't able to find the cause of the discharges, but the region ahead contains unusual amounts of subspace radiation and metallic debris. Not within range. But I'll have more data once we move closer. Yes, Captain. I'll be busy here. They seem to occur with alarming frequency. I have been looking for ways to improve my social skills. Perhaps I'll attend. [Holodeck - Seven's quarters] Explain. Knick-knacks? I've never been to Ensign Kim's quarters. But I suppose I could replicate some items and disperse them throughout the room. There's a photograph of my parents in the ship's database. I'll make a copy and place it in a frame. A multispectral star chart might enhance this bulkhead. A painting of a star chart. Privacy? We're in space. I appreciate your aesthetic insights, but I believe I can Please come in. We're in the process of decorating. A dream catcher. According to Native American mythology, it wards off nightmares. I've familiarised myself with your culture. I'm sure it will. Thank you. It was thoughtful of you to stop by. I suppose this makes you my inaugural guest. I'd be a negligent host if I didn't offer you a beverage. Tea? Another flaw in the decor. I'd appreciate that, Commander. Yes, sir. You will. Chakotay. As you might know I've taken an interest in culinary science. I'm preparing a meal tomorrow night, and I thought perhaps you could attend to evaluate my work. Nineteen hundred hours? Then you accept? Are you trying to soothe the infant, or traumatise her? No doubt. I was occupied. Yes. Can't you simply extract the component? I prefer to wait. I have research to complete. Last night. It's complicated. My personal life is none of your concern.  Astrometric sensors recorded the explosions. I believe it's a long range subspace warhead. The debris in this region suggests that dozens have been fired in the last several weeks. It appeared to be an unmanned probe. I believe so. The weapons create minor gravimetric distortions as they approach the subspace barrier. But I need to recalibrate my sensors to isolate the effect. Yes, Captain. (Later, Icheb enters.)SEVEN: Your duty shift doesn't begin for two hours. I see he's enlisted an ally. Continue these scans of the subspace barrier. Look for any gravimetric distortions. (Seven returns to Cargo Bay two and activates her alcove. Instead of stepping in, she leaves.) [Engineering] Perhaps this will enhance your day. It's a belated gift for your baby shower. I apologise for my absence. Proceed. (Torres opens the box to reveal a pair of baby booties.) SEVEN: They're lined with biothermal insulation. Your infant's feet will be protected even if the external temperature drops below minus forty degrees Celsius. You're welcome. I wish to ask you a personal question. You have an appealing coiffure. What is your grooming regimen? Yes. Perhaps. I'll keep you apprised, if you'd like.  Computer, make the following modifications to holodeck file Seven of Nine alpha three, personal quarters. Begin programme. (Human Seven is in a low-cut red dress, hair down. Piano music plays in the background, Chopin's Barcarolle.) I'm surprised your Starfleet training didn't include cork extraction. Unless you brought a phaser. Assist me. Slice these vegetables transversally in five millimetre increments. (Seven's pretend quarters include a kitchenette.) Our appetizer is braised leeks. Primary course, rack of lamb with wild rice. Dessert will be a surprise. Does this contain enough sodium chloride for your taste? I concur. More salt. Chopin. I've discovered that classical music has intriguing mathematical properties. The Doctor's been giving me piano lessons. I require more practice. (She looks at the way he is chopping the carrots.) SEVEN: Your technique is flawed. Use your left hand to guide the food. Observe closely. Pay attention to the vegetable. It wasn't a smile. It was a smirk. Remain still. (She strokes his face.)SEVEN: You have an intriguing facial structure. I require more practice. Nothing. [Seven's dream] (She's playing Chopin to the beat of a metronome, then kissing Chakotay.) Go ahead. Yes, Commander. You've found something? Not yet. I'm fine. Not at all. You're relieved. Get some rest. [Holodeck - Music room] (Seven is playing the piano to the beat of a metronome, as Chakotay watches.) You approve? The Doctor's an efficient instructor. The Doctor did suggest that I accompany him during his next operatic performance. Your turn. You want me to stop? I don't understand. My tempo is erratic. Frustration, anxiety. I can't. Go ahead, Commander.  I'll need a moment to return to my station. [Bridge] Stand by, Captain. [Astrometrics lab]  Lieutenant Paris, isolate subspace band omicron theta. [Bridge] Direct your sensors to [Astrometrics lab] Coordinates one seven eight mark two six. [Bridge]  Correction, one seven eight mark three six. [Bridge] I succeeded. The work took longer than I anticipated. I didn't realise I was confined to the Astrometrics lab. I was running a simulation. A new gravimetric array I've been developing. I wanted to perfect the design before I brought it to you. Yes, Captain. I apologise for my lapse in judgment. The Captain will be pleased. No. You've done nothing wrong. I was negligent in my duties. As a result, Voyager was nearly destroyed. I was hoping you could provide a quotation to help alleviate my guilt. That won't be necessary. Stay here until I return. To correct an error. [Holodeck - Seven's quarters]  I called you here to thank you. The past few days have been memorable. In a manner of speaking, yes. Our relationship is interfering with my responsibilities on Voyager. I'm sorry, Commander. No, I'm trying to correct one. Your analogy is flawed. It's irrelevant. I must return to my station. This ship needs me. I can't function this way. Stop! (The noise becomes constant.) Sickbay, medical emergency. [Sickbay]  Commander? It was functioning properly when you examined me two days ago. No. No. Research. I trust you'll respect doctor-patient confidentiality. I've been conducting simulations to explore different aspects of my humanity. Social activities, friendships with the crew, intimate relations. Commander Chakotay seemed like an appropriate choice. He has many admirable qualities. Unimatrix Zero. I've been trying to recreate some of the experiences I had there. Ever since it was destroyed, my life has seemed incomplete. I wanted to feel those emotions again. Your pride is misplaced. I intend to delete the programmes. I can no longer perform my duties efficiently. My personal life has become a distraction. Inform me when you finish the diagnostic. Here, Captain. Stand by. I have it. The weapon is armed with proximity resonance circuitry. Four point eight four gigahertz. [Bridge]  The warhead's rotating its activation frequency. It's still armed. [Bridge] Captain, I believe I can disarm [Astrometrics lab] The warhead. By extracting the detonator with our transporter. [Bridge] I can use the sub [Astrometrics lab] Micron imager to focus our targeting scanners. Please give me transporter control. [Bridge] I have a lock. Energising. The detonator's protected by tritanium shielding. I can penetrate it, but not at this distance. We'll have to wait until it's closer. [Bridge] Not yet, Captain.  Doctor. You've come to deliver unpleasant news. Clarify. I'm no longer linked to the hive mind. Can you repair me? No. I've experienced enough humanity for the time being. They were only holographic fantasies, Doctor. An inefficient use of my time. The fail-safe device will insure that I'm no longer distracted. I need to regenerate. Goodnight, Doctor. [Corridor] Fire? I have to finish my report on the subspace warheads. I'm no longer interested in cooking. I appreciate your offer. Another time perhaps.
A picnic. According to my research, this is an appropriate third date. If this makes you uncomfortable I could prepare a less elaborate meal.  Your move. NEELIX [on screen] Green, grid twelve ten. Red, grid three thirteen. How's Brax? I have no doubt the boy looks up to you. She'd be wise to accept. I don't have a love life. It's your turn. It was an enjoyable activity for both of us. Thank you for suggesting it. Long range sensors are detecting extremely high neutrino emissions accompanied by an intermittent graviton flux approximately three light years away. I'm not sure. I'll need to conduct more scans. I'll contact you at the usual time. [Bridge]  The emissions are occurring at the centre of the nebula. There appear to be hundreds of distinct sources. The radiation is interfering with our sensors, but if Ensign Kim's enthusiasm turns out to be justified, it would be the most concentrated occurrence of wormholes ever recorded. Go ahead.  Negative, Captain. I still can't get a clear scan. Six million kilometres. [Bridge] Approximately three light years away. I wouldn't recommend it. My analysis of the tritanium signature suggests there were at least forty seven Borg vessels inside the nebula.  If you're here for my daily report, it's not complete. To do what? I believe it would be a more suitable fifth date. Do you remember three months ago, when my cortical node shut down? You said it might be possible to remove the fail-safe device that was causing the problem. No, but I've reconsidered your offer to extract it. You said it would require several surgeries. How soon can you do it? My shift ends at eighteen hundred hours. I'm aware of that. I appreciate that. Yes. But I already have all the help I need. No, actually. I'll see you at eighteen hundred hours. [2404 - Laboratory] Am I early? I didn't think it would be discreet to be seen carrying flowers to the First Officer's quarters. I've been told that anticipation of the first kiss is often uncomfortable. I wanted to alleviate the tension. I'd have to check the database. It may indicate (He kisses her.) How's it being generated? The technology aboard the admiral's ship is impressive. Much of it appears to have been designed to defend against the Borg. The stealth technology is incompatible, but I believe we can adapt the armour and weapons.  Computer, begin regeneration cycle. What do you want? We're not friends. You may be able to communicate with me while I'm regenerating, but I'm no longer a drone. I don't answer to you. Why should we comply? Voyager is no threat to the Collective. We simply want to return to the Alpha Quadrant. It was the Borg Queen. She wanted to make sure I'd be able to deliver a message. She said she'd assimilate Voyager if we attempted to re-enter the nebula. I'm fine. It would be inappropriate to allow our personal relationship to affect your command decisions. There's no sign of Borg activity within a ten light year radius. Yes, sir. But we shouldn't underestimate the Collective. Captain Janeway is more cautious. I assume Starfleet will want to debrief me. And then I suppose I'll attempt to find a useful position somewhere. You? Less than one hundred thousand kilometres. (They arrive at a massive ball of energy with a black spider's web nearby.) It's more than that. It's a transwarp hub. That's correct.  This hub connects with thousands of transwarp conduits with end points in all four quadrants. It allows the Collective to deploy vessels almost anywhere in the galaxy within minutes. The structure is supported by a series of interspatial manifolds. If we could disable enough of them, theoretically the hub would collapse. I appreciate your candour, Admiral, but Captain Janeway is my commanding officer. I won't disobey her. I can't do that. Now that I know about those consequences, they're no longer a certainty. But even if they were, my death would be a small price to pay for the destruction of the transwarp network. My future is insignificant compared to the lives of the people we'd be saving. Selfish? I'm talking about helping others. Excuse me, Admiral. I have work to complete. [Briefing room] The EMH and Admiral Janeway are there with all the senior staff.) They'd be programmed to detonate simultaneously. We lost contact as soon as she entered the hub. Her vessel was scanned by several cubes, but none approached her, sir. Yes, Commander. No. Nothing. I'm just busy. I'd prefer it if you didn't speak to me as though we're on intimate terms. Not any more. I've decided to alter the parameters of our relationship. We both have dangerous occupations. It's possible one of us could be seriously injured, or worse. I believe it's best to avoid emotional attachments. I suggest you try. It will make things less difficult for you if any harm should come to me. The admiral suggested that your feelings for me will cause you pain in the future. I can't allow that to happen.  The admiral's succeeded, Captain. The conduit's shielding is destabilising. Approximately thirty seconds ahead, but it leads back to the Delta Quadrant. The transwarp network has been obliterated, Captain.
I have been appraised of your presence on Voyager. You are not authorised to access the ship's computers. That is correct. Lieutenant Paris' opinion of me is irrelevant to your being in this room. You were mistaken. He must be present to download these files. (Seven is about to tap her comm. badge.) Voyager's hierarchy is complex. See that you familiarise yourself with it. We were supposed to meet in the shuttlebay at twenty one hundred hours. Did you forget? The capillaries in your eyes are swollen, Lieutenant, and I see signs of vascular congestion in your cheeks. Are you intoxicated? You are not officially off-duty for another seventy eight minutes. That will not be necessary. That would be an inefficient use of our time. I will complete the work myself. Before I leave, I would like to know why you were reading the captain's personal logs? I saw the PADD. It was unmistakably the captain's logs. You know I possess an eidetic memory. I require only seconds to commit what I see to memory. Would you like me to quote the passage you were reading? Remove your hand from my arm.
The signal is calibrated to correspond with Vulcan synaptic frequencies. Tuvok wouldn't have been consciously aware of it. Why instruct Tuvok to mind meld with Voyager's Maquis thirty five thousand light years from Earth?
 Wrong, would it be wrong to kiss? Seeing I feel like this, would it be wrong to try? Wrong, would it be wrong to stay, here in your arms this way, under this starry sky? If it is wrong (Tuvok is the bartender in a white jacket, and the owner wears a white three piece man's suit à la Marlene Dietrich as she greets her Nazi and French customers. She moves amongst the tables.) And I have waited so long. It must be right. It can't be wrong. (The song finishes, and she gets a round of applause.) Merci. Be generous to Claude this evening. Without him, my voice Tonight's performance is over. Return tomorrow. Remove your hand. It's late. Very well. Insufficient for a Saturday night. Twelve hundred forty seven francs and eighty one Reichmarks. We have more pressing needs. Explosives. We need a launcher that can fire armour piercing grenades. If necessary. Then maybe it's time we did. Three more German battalions have occupied the city and a Panzer division is holding position eleven kilometres away. When the Americans arrive and the fighting begins, I don't intend to be standing next to a piano singing Moonlight Becomes You. I'm tired of lighting the Nazi's cigarettes and laughing at their jokes. We should be helping the Allies by assassinating these pigs. That is your opinion, Madame. Perhaps. (Seven leaves.) This way. There's no time! (They run around the corner and down an alleyway. The door they find is locked, but they are out of side when a motorbike and sidecar drive past. Neelix steps out of hiding, then Seven. The Hirogen Captain shoots her gun out of her hand, then both of them in the back as they try to run away.) An attack. Hirogen vessels. They breached our hull and boarded the ship. I was in a phaser fight on deck three. I was struck several times. That's all I remember. None. Neural interface? Why am I in Sickbay? Will I be sent into another simulation? My objective? What simulation will I be entering? Nothing.  (singing) That old black magic has me in it's spell. That old black magic that you weave so well. Those icy fingers up and down my spine. The same old witchcraft when your eyes meet (There is a fizzing sound and she stops, confused.) I must discontinue this activity. I am not well. I require a glass of water. I am ill. I won't. (Seven walks away.) I will correct the error. No. There won't be any. I believe it is a transmitter. I'm attempting to disable it. No. Captain. [Holodeck two - Klingon simulation] (As a Klingon.)  Hirogen hunters.  The Americans have arrived. [Bridge] I did. Four Hirogen and Ensign Kim. Yes. There's only one Hirogen in Sickbay with the Doctor, but the corridors outside are heavily guarded. We did have allies in the World War Two simulation. The French Resistance. That's precisely what it is. I believe I can enhance these weapons using Borg technology, but I'll have to access Cargo Bay two. Understood. (Janeway walks away from the bar and is confronted by Tuvok.) Obtaining supplies. German technology taken from their compound. I can use them to enhance our weapons. [Sainte Claire - Street] It's a holographic projection. Nazi? None taken. I will not. Then I'll die. Logic is irrelevant. One day the Borg will assimilate your Mid-twentieth century American slang. You're enjoying this simulation. I find that peculiar, given the circumstances. I'm modifying this explosive device to emit a photonic burst. It will be harmless to organic tissue but it should disrupt all holographic activity within twenty metres.
As soon as I'm finished. Plotting the most efficient course for the first segment of the rally. Maybe you could persuade the Doctor to develop a vaccine. Initially I did find the activity irrelevant. But then I realised that it's important for the crew’s morale, and for my relationship with Lieutenant Paris. I was speaking professionally. I often work with him on navigational problems. He can be an erratic individual, but he's also a very competent officer and clearly a skilled pilot. No doubt. But I've learned that if I embrace some of his interests, support him in his personal goals, we're able to function more efficiently as crewmates. [Delta Flyer] I announced the Delta Flyer's progress over the comm. eleven minutes ago. The Delta Flyer is in fourth position, having completed sixty two percent of the course. The Aksani vessel is in third position, having completed sixty eight percent of the course. I'm relaying the relevant information. Apparently, it's all in the delivery. [Delta Flyer] Radiation from the Mobius Inversion is blocking our sensors.
I've concluded that teaching you to sing is an inefficient use of my time. In your case, practice is irrelevant. Your vocal chords are incapable of producing basic diatonic tones, not to mention your rhythmic shortcomings. Perhaps you should confine your efforts to that location. Astrometrics to the bridge. [Bridge] I've detected what appears to be a micro-wormhole at coordinates one nine four point six by three five. I believe a message is being transmitted through it, on a Starfleet emergency channel. [Bridge] I finished analysing the data Mister Barclay sent. The hyper-subspace technology is promising. I believe we can look forward to future communications with Earth.
You're damaged. I'll help you repair it. (Janeway enters.) Fine, Captain.  This would be easier if you would remain stationary. You may experience unusual sensations while your matrix realigns. Would you have preferred the captain release them? Executing them ensures they'll never pose a threat to anyone again. Confining them for life requires significant resources. The Nygeans may not think it worthwhile. Their victims won't have the same opportunity. I'm simply being objective. You often encourage me to see both sides of an argument. Vividly. Did you call me here to make a point about Nygean barbarity? I'll comply. It seems inefficient to save the life of someone who's about to be executed. There's no reason to fear someone in your condition. You wanted to see me? You and Mister Iko seem to be getting along well. He's obviously an unstable individual. Inconsistent behaviour is hardly surprising. It's possible he's trying to manipulate you. That's not surprising. You're experiencing guilt. You've committed many crimes. We're not responsible for your guilt. Guilt, for example. What? Wasn't that your intention? Then how did this happen? You should ask Mister Yediq to contact a Nygean medical I'm extremely busy. What did you want to discuss? I'm due in Astrometrics, so if there's A laboratory where we observe stellar phenomena. Shapes? You're referring to constellations. Because the distance between them always remained the same. Possibly. I've catalogued approximately six billion stars. Describe her. It's an Astrometrics log. It contains data on various star formations. I'll bring you a star chart after my next shift. It's a cybernetic implant. It was installed by the Borg. I don't recall. Normally, the node connects to the rest of the brain through a series of neural pathways. Without the node, Iko would have been prone to violence and sociopathic behaviour all his life. By some definitions, Captain, he's not the same man who committed the murder. [Briefing room] There's new medical evidence to be considered. He was suffering from a neurological defect. He couldn't control his behaviour. Nor is it yours. You'd rather die because you think it'll relieve your pain. Do you think I'm disgusting? You asked me earlier if it hurt when my occipital implant was installed. I told you I didn't remember. But the truth is, it was one of the most painful experiences of my life. It's difficult for me to talk about, because I forced others to undergo the same procedure. I was compelled to do so by the Borg Collective. I wasn't in control of my actions, just as you weren't in control when you took a life. My nanoprobes have given you control. You're a different person now. You don't deserve to be executed. (Iko pushes against the forcefield.) You're free to remain here. No, but  You wanted to see me. But the medical evidence Your government could insist that they review it. In that case, we should grant Iko asylum aboard Voyager. Your system is flawed. We have to do more. I want to give him the same opportunity you gave me. When you severed my link to the Collective, you changed who I was. You made it possible for me to reclaim my humanity. Because of my nanoprobes, Iko has undergone a similar change. He should be given the chance to atone for his crimes. Yes. I don't know what you mean. You're mistaken. Onella the Mother. If your appeal is successful you'll be able to go wherever you want. If I am, where will you go? If you'd like, I could ask Captain Janeway to consider letting you stay here. There are other ways to be useful. I'm sure we could think of something. And? I haven't felt the need to regenerate. It's unfair. That's not what I meant. Iko was executed for taking a single life. As a drone I took thousands, but I was never punished.
If you're hungry you may eat without me. I haven't completed my analysis of the station's power conversion matrix. Several hours. Very well. [Corridor] Yes. Stand aside! Correct. Your mother would not approve of you memorising Borg designations. I don't approve either. We've discussed the impropriety of you emulating the Borg. I'm finished. I do not enjoy crowds. Which is why I do not enjoy them now. Yes. (He opens a case. Seven stands and staggers back a couple of steps. She remembers the crash from the teaser.) These are Borg synaptic relays from my original Unimatrix. Where did you acquire them? I'll take them. Captain Janeway will provide you with whatever monetary reimbursement you require. I must examine these items more closely. There must be something more. When I first came into contact with it, I was overwhelmed with images, memories, sounds. I know what nostalgia is, but I have no feelings about the past. Lieutenant. You were trying to help. I appreciate that.  Computer, begin multi-polar analysis. Time to completion? I will not comply. (She knocks Two away, disconnecting him. Tuvok and security run in to stun them with phaser fire.) [Planet surface] (Nighttime. The Borgs have built a campfire, and Four is roasting a piece of meat from their dead Not at first. But when they attempted to access my memory files I was momentarily linked with them. Two of Nine. Three of Nine. Four of Nine. We were all members of the same Unimatrix. No. In the Collective there are billions of voices. They become white noise. Why? Eight years ago our vessel crashed. The four of us were the only survivors. I don't. However, I am willing to attempt to retrieve the data. Come with me. [Cargo Bay two] Data search complete. Do you remember anything further? And yet the data files in your cortical processor appear to be intact. I see no evidence that would explain your lapse in memory. I don't know. I've found no evidence of damage to my memory files either. I remember the campfire and then waking up in the Collective. There is an obvious gap, but no indication of why. It is my name. I decided that my former name was no longer appropriate. Prepare to reinitialise the memory cascade. There is nothing preventing you from doing so. Begin the memory cascade. [Ready room] I've determined that we all have exactly the same gap in our memories. It seems unlikely that it would be a coincidence. It is the most likely explanation. The Collective would not care that four drones remember being reassimilated. I don't know. There is no advantage to having three drones linked together in this manner. There is a way. It would involve linking my neural interface to theirs. Together, we may be able to restore the missing data. However, I would again be part of a group mind. There's also the possibility that I could become trapped in the neural link. I do feel compelled to help them, but I am uncertain as to the correct course of action. Is it relevant? Naomi Wildman. I am not damaged. They are seeking information from me, but I am uncertain whether I can help them. Naomi Wildman, do you consider me to be family? I have no objection. Yes. Captain's log, supplemental. Seven of Nine has decided to undergo the procedure that will link her mind with the other drones. Despite the risk involved, she feels an obligation to help these distant cousins. [Cargo Bay two] I know you'll do your best. Ready? You don't understand what happened. (All three shout at her at the same time.)SEVEN: Somebody help me! (Tuvok enters.) And yet I was undamaged? Yes. It created an interlink between them. It was the only way to prevent them from escaping the Collective. Can you revive them? What are the other options? As drones.  They have no hope of surviving unless they return to the Collective. No. When I was first assimilated into the Collective, I was a child. They were assimilated as adults. When our individual memories began to resurface I let that fear control me. After I saw the drone die in the swamp, I panicked. I began to envision my own death. Alone, without even the sound of another drone to comfort me. So I forced them to return. I infiltrated their left cerebral hemispheres with nanoprobes and created a new interlink network. One that they couldn't resist. And then I eliminated the evidence of what I had done. Because of what I did, they'll be forced to live the rest of their lives in the Collective. For that, I am responsible. There is no alternative. A month at most.  Survival is insufficient. Eight years ago, I forced them to return to the Collective. I won't make the same mistake again. They deserve to exist as individuals. We must terminate the link between them. I will not return them to the Borg. Clarify. The damage I did can never be repaired, and my guilt is irrelevant. I simply want them to experience individuality, as I have. As you have. At one time, you were confined to this Sickbay. Your programme was limited to emergency medical protocols. In some ways, you were not unlike a drone. But you were granted the opportunity to explore your individuality. You were allowed to expand your programme. Your mobile emitter gives you freedom of movement. Your thoughts are your own. If you were told you had to become a drone again, I believe you would resist. They would resist as well. They would choose freedom, no matter how fleeting. Only you and I can truly understand that. Thank you. (Four leaves.) The Captain said you may stay as long as you wish.  Naomi Wildman. Why? I see that word travels quickly.
Our duty assignment. We're to survey the generational ship from Astrometrics. [Astrometrics lab]  Team alpha and gamma have finished scanning sections one through sixty The vessel's technology is impressive, but its construction is haphazard. We're scanning for microfractures. I don't see the relevance. Parental love, romantic love, affection between friends. Specify. An attraction based on sexual desire when it facilitates procreation. Not at all. The Borg have referenced this condition in over six thousand assimilated species. Physiologically, it bears a striking similarity to disease. A series of biochemical responses that trigger an emotional cascade impairing normal functioning. Are you in love, Ensign? You're glowing. Your epidermis luminesced. No, it was you. (He sees the effect on his hand.)SEVEN:You should report to Sickbay. You must comply. [Sickbay] Doctor, there is unusual synaptic activity in his cerebral cortex. If there is the possibility of an epidemic the Doctor may require my assistance. Observe. Silicon-based parasites which feed on duranium alloys. Apparently they began replicating on the Varro ship's hull several months ago, and then migrated to Voyager. They may have been created by someone aboard your vessel. Perhaps not everyone is content to be in your Collective. [Varro ship - Tal's cabin] KIM I'm here to see Ensign Kim. Thank you. You completed several of my astrometric scans this morning. You are attempting to distract yourself from your emotional damage? The treatment to relieve your condition was available and yet you refused. I assumed that romantic love was a human weakness, but clearly it can also be a source of strength. Perhaps my analogy was flawed. Love is not a disease. Get well soon. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 Commander. What's a Klingon weapon doing in the Delta Quadrant? Commander. (Seven uncovers a console.) It's some kind of holodeck interface. This environment is simulated. I'll try. (She succeeds. The holodeck floor is littered with Hirogen corpses.) [Corridor]  Perhaps you should've considered the risks before you programmed holograms that could commandeer a vessel. I'm detecting residual engine emissions but no sign of the vessel itself. If we disable the generator, we disable the holograms. Apparently this prey has become too formidable. Trying to take them offline one by one would be inefficient. The main deflector is overloading. I can't. Get down, Lieutenant!  Help me get her to Sickbay. (Torres is beamed away.) [Iden's ship - Bridge]  Engineering systems and main power should be operational soon. The deflector is a different matter. Four hours, at least. If Lieutenant Torres were here, she might be able to repair it more efficiently. If she hadn't reinforced the core we'd all be dead.
I am here. (Seven comes down a ladder.)SEVEN: Am I to work with you? Ensign Kim, you seem apprehensive. The last time we worked together, I struck you at the base of your skull and attempted to contact the Collective. I assure you it will not happen again. I've designed new navigational sensors. Some of the alphanumerics are Borg. That is difficult to believe. I understand the concept of humour. It may not be apparent, but I am often amused by human behaviour.  [Shuttlecraft]  I'm ready to supply power to the enhanced sensors. Yes. You believe that my work is unsuitable? I may no longer possess Borg perfection, but my experience as a drone has taught me to be efficient and precise. Impossible. It must have been my humanity reasserting itself. I will correct the error. Fun? I regenerate in my alcove. I study the Starfleet database, and I contemplate my existence. It is. The optical assembly is properly aligned. I'm ready to access the main power supply. The exoskeleton on this limb can withstand it. Your procedures are a waste of time. All right. (Kim takes his hands off her.) The proper instrument was part of my thoracic assembly before the Doctor removed it. I suggest a radical dislocation. We need to pull it out. Assist me. Three? Crude, but effective. I've been damaged. As a drone I would have regenerated within seconds. I've become weak.  You wish to see me, Ensign? I was not. Your data. (Kim hands her a PADD.) I prefer to stand. Comfort is irrelevant. We're here to work. This light is insufficient. Beauty is irrelevant. Unless you wish to change the nature of our affiliation. I may be new to individuality, but I am not ignorant of human behaviour. I've noticed your attempts to engage me in idle conversation, and I see the way your pupils dilate when you look at my body. Obviously you've suggested a visit to the holodeck in the hopes of creating a romantic mood. Are you in love with me, Ensign? Then you wish to copulate? All of these elaborate rituals of deception. I didn't realise becoming human again would be such a challenge. Sexuality is particularly complex. As Borg we had no need for seduction, no time for single cell fertilisation. We saw a species we wanted and we assimilated it. Nevertheless, I am willing to explore my humanity. Take off your clothes. Don't be alarmed. I won't hurt you. All right. Let me know when you wish to resume our work.  [Projection control]
The bay is clear. [Bridge] An interlink node. It permits communication with other Borg drones. No. [Ready room]  Cargo Bay one to Ensign Kim. Pattern enhancers are in place. [Transporter room]  Ensign Kim, the confinement beam is unstable. [Transporter room] We are unable to consolidate their patterns. They've been in suspension too long.  The new coordinates are here, within a Mutara-class nebula two point three six light years from our current position. Your soldiers intercepted the transport ship?  Using the model you developed, we were able to narrow down the location of the wormhole's next appearance to a radius of two hundred thousand kilometres. It will remain open for two minutes at most. Clear. [Bridge]
On my way. The time might pass more easily if we disable his vocal processor. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] Preanimate biomatter. An undeveloped nucleus contained in a cytoplasmic matrix. What's your point? Perhaps your visual subroutines are malfunctioning.  I'll try reinitialising the driver coils. It's a tractor beam. Shields are down. They're using some kind of disruption field. It's decompiling your matrix. [Delta Flyer - cockpit] RANEK Impaired. (Seven is holding her upset stomach.) I know exactly what's happened. You've been abusing my body. One glass. That doesn't excuse the other eight. Painfully. You improvised your way through an entire cheesecake, as well as three servings of Ktarian chocolate puffs. Now I have to suffer the consequences. There won't be a next time. How do you propose we do that? But it is one of mine. If you can get close enough while they're accessing their systems, I'll be able to observe their command protocols. We should proceed. Try to remember that the next time you're tempted to overindulge.(She re-assimilates his programme.) [Lokirrim ship - medical bay] During the one brief moment when the Doctor wasn't indulging himself. Kissing Ranek on the bridge. Is that your idea of restraint? And the massage you got from Lieutenant Jaryn? You became sexually aroused in my body. What do you mean? Caviar is an indulgence. You may have been better off not knowing. It can only be accessed from the bridge, but I saw Ranek enter his command codes. The subspace transceiver on the Flyer. It's heavily guarded. Oh, I can make an exception for a special occasion. Computer, champagne, two glasses. To new beginnings. Cover me. (She hands the EMH the guard's gun.) If you try to re-initialise the grid it'll overload. We could all die. There isn't one, yet. That doesn't mean you're incapable of enjoying a meal. Foie gras with truffles. An ancient Earth delicacy. Chateau d'Yquem. According to the culinary database, the ideal accompaniment. It's come to my attention that nutritional supplements don't fully meet my needs. I thought we could share this experience. I'll describe the meal to you. The tastes, the sensations. Perhaps you can enjoy it vicariously. If I become sick, I won't have far to go. To shared experiences.
For you. On the contrary. I have superior visual acuity and stamina. I should have won every round. You are a frustrating opponent. During the final round, after you dropped your phaser, you did not look at the disk, and yet you were able to acquire the target. Intuition is a human fallacy. The belief that you can predict random events. Intriguing but implausible. I wish to play again. You are fatigued and concerned that I will defeat you. Computer, begin first round. Yes. I am no longer part of the Collective. Species one one six. Yes. The Borg has never been able to assimilate them. Not yet. Captain, I've found a spatial grid. (6-98 381-33 02-77 913-41, I think.) Maybe Starfleet wants us to proceed to that location. There is no organic matter of any kind. Your enthusiasm is premature. Voyager is a proven vessel. It would be reckless to abandon it so quickly. My Borg spirit gives me an objectivity you lack. We need to dampen the field by at least fifty percent. Tuvok wants us to run a metallurgical analysis of the bulkheads to look for anything unusual. Lieutenant, you seem eager to return to Earth. You were a member of the Maquis. Starfleet Command will no doubt hold you responsible for a multitude of crimes. You will find nothing on Earth but adversity. No. There are no power conduits running through this section. If you will excuse me, Ensign, I must speak to the captain. Arturis said it was irreparably damaged. Intuition? Captain. I will not be going with you to the Alpha Quadrant. I am not overwhelmed. I simply do not wish to live among humans. I may have come a long way, but not in the direction you think. You've attempted to influence my development. You exposed me to your culture, you ideals. You hoped to shape me in your own image. But you have failed. You may have noticed our tendency to disagree. Then you must also recognise that I do not share your values. Your desire to explore space is inefficient. Your need for familial connections is a weakness. Your infatuation with this planet is irrational. Irrelevant. I have, on many occasions. Now I refuse. I don't know. I don't know. I will survive. Precisely. Perhaps it is an addendum from the Admiral. You did designate him a windbag. Your intuition was correct. Arturis must have created a false message. You are lying.  Where are you taking us? Species eight four seven two. When that happens, you will be assimilated as well. Not presently. I do not believe I am. If I activate the appropriate nanoprobes, I could alter my bio-electric field. However, I would need to adjust my cranial implant. It might. And employ the emergency shutdown procedure. (Janeway opens her comm. badge and takes out an invisible wire.)SEVEN: Sufficient. You will need to cross-link the third and sixth nodules. (Janeway uses the wire on the implant over Seven's eye.) Captain? No, I was not. No. However, if we are assimilated, our thoughts will become one, and I'm sure I will understand perfectly. A joke, Captain. You yourself have encouraged me to use my sense of humour. You were correct. My desire to remain in the Delta Quadrant was based on fear. I am no longer Borg, but the prospect of becoming human is unsettling. I don't know where I belong. The adaptations are complete. (Seven steps through the forcefield and goes to a control panel. The computer alerts Arturis on the bridge. The forcefield is lowered.) The ship's velocity has just increased. At our present speed, we will enter Borg space in less than twelve minutes. Yes. The torsional stress at these speeds could tear the ship apart. Aye, Captain. [Dauntless Bridge] (The Dauntless rolls and yaws to port, throwing Arturis to the deck. He struggles against the g-forces to get Almost. I must report to the Astrometrics lab. There is work to be done. There are more pressing needs. I am attempting to design another method of travelling at slipstream velocities without damaging Voyager. Impossible is a word that humans use far too often. I wish to continue my efforts. As we approached Borg space I began to re-evaluate my future. The prospect of becoming a drone was unappealing. No. But as I said, nothing is impossible.
From what I've heard, Tsunkatse is crude and pointless. We'd like to take a shuttle to study it. Commander Tuvok and I don't require recreational activities. Thank you. (Seven is packing several barrels with equipment.) Approximately forty eight hours. Clarify. I haven't over-packed. I simply wish to be prepared for any contingency. That's an iso-modulator, enhanced to correct hull ablation in the event we encounter a meteoroid stream. I prefer this one. Can Toby the Targ correct hull ablation? Your comparison is flawed. [Corridor] You require my assistance? I'm busy. Commander Tuvok and I are leaving to study a collapsing micro-nebula. Then I suppose I'll have to develop them with Commander Tuvok. You'd prefer I spent my time with sociable individuals such as yourself. In that case, perhaps you'd care to join us. You can assist us with our analysis of veridium oxide particulates. I'll give the Commander your regrets.  Two hours, thirty seven minutes, thirteen seconds. That's how long we've gone without verbal communication. The Doctor encourages me to engage in conversation during awkward silences. No. There's a vessel approaching on an intercept course. The hull configuration is unfamiliar. Approximately three hundred thousand kilometres. No response. (The much bigger ship is coming up on them from astern.) The vessel is emitting some kind of dampening field. We've lost engines, weapons, shields. (The shuttlecraft goes dark, then an object is beamed in. Tuvok scans it.) Transporters are down. I can't beam it off. Where is Commander Tuvok? I wish to see him. Now. I have no intention of participating in your game. He requires medical attention. Then arrange it. Will you treat him or not? Treat him, and I will comply. [Mess hall] I must warn you. I possess superior strength. I assure you, resistance is futile.  Stay away from me. I prefer that you use it to treat Commander Tuvok. Why are you helping us? I'm no hunter. The Pendari would disagree. I have no such desire. Until our ship comes to rescue us, my only goal is to survive. I lost. Survival may be more difficult than I imagined. What makes you say that? I told you. I will not kill anyone in that arena. Teach me. (Later -)HIROGEN: You're letting your elbow fall, exposing your target. You're mistaken. My arm is positioned properly. When executing the Tanyk Defence, the blocking elbow must remain parallel to the median sensor. Commander Tuvok borrowed it from one of the other fighters. I'm attempting a defence against any (The Hirogen knocks her down.)SEVEN: That was not one of the thirty three sanctioned manoeuvres. I was unprepared for your attack. Like this?(She punches him and hurts him.)SEVEN: I've observed you often favour your left side. You've been here a long time. Do you know what happened to him? Perhaps he managed to return home. (The Hirogen kicks Seven, knocking her against a bunk bed.) I was Yes. My prey. Hunt it down and kill it. Thank you. Penk's guards are making their inspection rounds. Progress? Complete. The Hirogen is an efficient instructor. He believes I'll win. The idea of killing someone for the entertainment of others is detestable. I was acting as part of the Collective. I'm worried that I will. (Penk enters.) Training me was a deception. You wished to familiarise yourself with my weaknesses. Why? You wish to be killed in the arena? I won't be the one to provide it.  We can still find another way out of this. It's all right. This fight is over.(She helps the Hirogen to his feet.) Captain's log, stardate 53529.4. We've resumed course for the Alpha quadrant and initiated repairs. I can't say I'm sorry to see this shore leave come to an end. [Sickbay] Would you excuse us? I apologise for the Doctor. He's very protective of me. What will do you now, search for new prey? If he is as clever as his father, he may be difficult to locate. I don't know. Thank you. I made the logical choice, as you would have. Assisting me with these recalibrations will be sufficient thanks. I'm experiencing minor pain beneath my occipital implant. The Doctor believes it is temporary. When the Hirogen referred to me as weak, he was correct. Because I lost control. I've spent the last three years struggling to regain my humanity. I'm afraid I may have lost it again in that arena. Guilt, shame, remorse.
I speak for the Borg. We are aware of your designations. Seven of Nine, Tertiary Adjunct of Unimatrix Zero One. But you may call me Seven of Nine. You are proposing a large-scale weapon. We concur. Your torpedoes are inadequate. They lack the necessary range and dispursive force. We are Borg. A multikinetic neutronic mine. Five million isoton yield. Correct. The shock wave will disperse the nanoprobes over a radius of five light years. We are. It would be efficient. You are individuals. You are small, and you think in small terms. But the present situation requires that we consider your plan. Voyager's weapons inventory. Photon torpedo complement thirty two. Class six warhead. Explosive yield two hundred isotons. We are Borg. We must analyse the bioship. Your data. (Janeway hands over her PADD.) This body was assimilated eighteen years ago. It ceased to be human at that time. Do not engage us in further irrelevant discourse. We are being hailed by your vessel. Agreed. Our course and heading have been changed. We now require one of your photon torpedoes and the nanoprobes. We must construct and test a prototype now. The risk of attack has increased.JANEWAY: Irrelevant. We have an agreement. You're asking me to give up my only guarantee that you won't assimilate us. I won't risk it. Are you willing to risk a direct confrontation with us? If we transport five hundred drones onto your vessel, do you believe you could offer sufficient resistance? That won't be necessary. We must construct a launching system to accommodate this design. [Bridge] We are under attack. [Bridge] We cannot let the nanoprobes be destroyed. [Bridge] Lower your weapons. (She lowers her gun.) We are here with your Captain's consent. It was necessary to sacrifice our vessel to protect yours. We have an alliance, do we not? [Sickbay] Where is your Captain? I must speak with her. Circumstances have changed. The loss of our vessel requires that we modify our agreement. Insufficient. Our latest tactical projections indicate that the war will be lost by then. The nearest Borg vessel is forty light years away. You will reverse course and take us to it. There is no alternative. Denying our request is also dangerous. Think quickly. [Briefing room] Unacceptable. We don't have time for There is another option. We could assimilate your vessel. When your Captain first approached us, we suspected that an agreement with humans would prove impossible to maintain. You are erratic, conflicted, disorganised. Every decision is debated, every action questioned. Every individual entitled to their own small opinion. You lack harmony, cohesion, greatness. It will be your undoing. We understand. (Seven enters a Jefferies tube.) [Bridge] Commander Chakotay. We have entered the domain of Species 8472. Report to the Cargo Bay. Our entry into fluidic space has created a compression wave. They know we're here. A fleet of bioships is already converging on our position. Time to intercept, three hours, seventeen minutes. We must prepare this ship for the altercation. We will construct a complement of biomolecular warheads. Species 8472 was more resistant than we anticipated. Their technology is biogenically engineered. It is superior to that of all species we have previously encountered. They are the apex of biological evolution. Their assimilation would have greatly added to our own perfection. There is only one course of action. Destroy them first. My subspace link to the Collective has been weakened by the interdimensional rift. We cannot signal for help. We are alone. We must construct a compliment of biomolecular warheads and modify your weapons to launch them. If I did that, you will no longer cooperate. Captain Janeway. And you understand the situation. JANEWAY: Completely. Tuvok, give her the nanoprobes. Work with her. Build as many warheads as you can and start modifying our weapons systems. I suggest we think about enhancing our defences, as well. If we're going to fight this battle, I intend to win it. We are in agreement. I have regained full contact with the Collective. All remaining bioships in the Delta Quadrant are returning to their realm. The Borg have prevailed. Unacceptable. This alliance is terminated. Your ship and its crew will adapt to service us. (Seven goes towards Paris. He fires a hand phaser at her, but the beam bounces off her shields.) Resistance is futile. (She pushes him aside and fires her assimilation tubules into the helm console.) We are Borg. [Cargo Bay two] Irrelevant. Your appeal to my humanity is pointless. [Cargo Bay two]
 I was not aware that protective attire was required for this mission. Leaping from a spacecraft at exospheric altitudes, a curious form of recreation. The probe is ready for launch, however there is still a problem with the telemetry link. Lieutenant. Is something wrong? You are putting me in charge? No. Just unexpected. Shall I inform the Doctor you're ill? It's still intact. It can be repaired, Basic design elements are adequate. I will forego regeneration for the duration of the project. I suggest we return our attention to the matter of structural integrity. Lieutenant Torres' hull design is flawed. We should be using tetraburnium alloys instead of titanium. Seven of Nine to the Captain.  Report to the Astrometrics lab. I have important information regarding the Malon [Bridge] SEVEN I've been using coherent neutrino beams to document activity aboard the Malon freighter. I've made a troubling discovery. This is a polythermal image of an interior section of the alien ship. The shaded figures you see are Malon crew members. Correct. The Malon are constructing a spacecraft composed of tetraburnium alloys. That's not all, Captain. According to my projections, they will finish construction of their vessel at least thirty six hours before we finish ours. Powering impulse engines. Aft thrusters enabled. They're launching spatial charges. Shields holding. Acknowledged. Loading photonic missiles. (A console goes Bang!) Three direct hits. We still need to survive the ascent. Lieutenant, what are you doing? The panel is sealed.
I felt awake. It was familiar. I spoke to someone. He called me by my human name. He seemed familiar. I don't wish to dream again. Please repair my cortical array. I'm regenerating. This is only a dream. There is no Unimatrix Zero. Who are you? Axum. Yes. I just got here, too. This environment is intimidating, but I Are you telling me this isn't a real place? It's some kind of virtual construct?. Unimatrix Zero. No. What mutation? Why did you bring me here now? Clarify. You're already on a Borg vessel. Why don't you do it? What was my function?. I remember him. I'm willing to help, but I can't do it alone. I'm part of a starship crew now. I'll have to inform my Captain. (The Klingon warrior approaches them. I know you. Your name is Laura. You're human. Our Doctor was unable to remove all of my Borg components. My appearance is irrelevant. We'd only need to infiltrate a single vessel. I am prepared to take a shuttle and do this alone. Unimatrix Zero is real, and so are the people who go there. They need our help. No one is certain. Axum told me there could be tens of He's someone I used to know. He told me there could be tens of thousands, perhaps more. Some of them believe it began as a random malfunction during the assimilation of a single drone, and eventually spread to the others. It's my understanding that when we receive a distress call, we respond. Starfleet protocols.  Welcome to Unimatrix Zero. Annika. That's what I'm called here. (A group go by, talking and laughing.) Come on. Let's find Axum. [Borg Queen's Chamber] It sounds like you're suggesting a civil war. Does that mean they'll be able to function as individuals? Stand up to the Collective? The central plexus. This is a class four tactical vessel, heavily armed. The central plexus is protected by multi-regenerative security grids. We'd be detected long before we could reach it. Human. I've been told I spent a great deal of time there. But since I don't remember Unimatrix Zero any more than I remember Earth, it's irrelevant. Captain Janeway intends to keep her promise. Voyager won't abandon you. (Axum picks up a bat'leth.) I'm sure you'll adapt. That felt familiar. Our touching. Elaborate. We were more than friends, weren't we? Why didn't you tell me? How long? I should return to Voyager. My name is Seven of Nine.(Seven steps out of her alcove.) [Engineering] Agreed. I should go. I'm the only one with experience.  You need to prepare the others. When they leave their alcoves they may be startled, disoriented. But they have to behave like drones or we could all be exposed. As colleagues, nothing more. Our previous friendship It's irrelevant. The damage to their propulsion system is regenerating. They'll be capable of transwarp in less than two hours. No. But I wouldn't call them my friends. Understood. [Forest] Captain Janeway is deploying it now. He's not my mate. He must not be regenerating. My heart is functioning perfectly. I'll keep that in mind. Has the virus been deployed? Do you remember anything? Your location? What ship you're on? Release me. Looking for you. Korok was concerned. He said you were missing. Not the most sophisticated technology. I should return to the camp. Wait for word on the virus. As you wish.  Several drones have reported that they retained their memories of Unimatrix Zero after their regeneration ended. The virus has been deployed. When this crisis ends I intend to sever my link to Unimatrix Zero. I'm having difficulties with one of the people there. Axum and I apparently had a relationship. Your diagnosis is accurate. Not any more. He does possess commendable qualities. There is one more objective. The Voyager away team. We can still rescue them. Thank you. What's wrong? I was hoping we'd be able to meet one day in the real world. Given their history with the Borg, I'm sure they'll be eager. I guess this rules out Vorothon Gorge. It was at the top of our list of things to see in the real world if we were ever freed from the Collective. Don't you remember? It was sufficient before. That's not compromise, that's surrender. HOLO-JANEWAY: I won't be responsible for any more deaths. At least they'll survive as drones. Tell them Unimatrix Zero can no longer exist. That's an order. Have I made myself clear, Commander? I believe I can, but why?  Stand by. I've isolated the frequency. [Bridge]  Bridge, it's working. Unimatrix Zero is shutting down. [Bridge] Neither should you. (They hug.)SEVEN: I've wasted our time together. We've lost our only way to be together. Axum.  General Korok is finished with his repairs. He's already been contacted by another Borg vessel in the region. It's also under the control of former drones. Noted. Korok said he would try to maintain contact, keep us informed. No. But I don't expect to. Axum's vessel is in a remote sector of the Beta Quadrant. If I ever imply that he was nothing more than a friend, remind me about today. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Their first idea was to clone Naomi, but I suggested they start with something smaller. The project was Mezoti's idea. I didn't want to discourage her individuality. Naomi programmed the geophysical and atmospheric conditions. The engineering principles are sound. He hopes to earn a permanent posting in Astrometrics one day. Captain, the boy has a unique talent. That's good news. [Astrometrics lab]  You've exceeded your scheduled time here by one hour. Your work will have to wait. There's something we need to discuss. The Orpisay nebula is out of range of our sensors. Impressive. Yes, that's correct. It's time for you to regenerate. [Janeway's quarters] I'd like the data you've collected on Icheb's species so I can prepare him for re-assimilation. If you prefer. No. It won't be easy for him to accept. He's adapted to life on Voyager. My feelings are irrelevant. It's my responsibility, but I am uncertain how to proceed. By giving him the benefit of my own experiences. Encouraging him to be resilient in the face of obstacles. You need to regenerate. Wait. We've located your parents. Voyager is due to arrive at their planet tomorrow. They're your parents. After my parents were assimilated I never saw them again. You're fortunate to have this chance. We haven't been able to locate their families yet. They'll adapt. I've been studying Brunali culture. It's very different from what you've become accustomed to on Voyager. They're an agrarian society. Their technological resources are limited. Yes, but most of their vessels were destroyed by the Borg. I don't know. (Icheb puts down the PADD and steps into his alcove.)SEVEN: Icheb. [Bridge] That's not surprising. There's a Borg transwarp conduit less than a light year away. Are you damaged? It's time. He spent several months in a Borg maturation chamber. Like your son, I was liberated from the Collective. It's more than a question of luxuries. Icheb has special medical needs. He also requires daily regeneration. What about his educational requirements? Will he be able to continue his studies in Astrometrics and spatial harmonics? For example? Icheb has expressed no interest in agriculture. There's still the issue of his safety. Your proximity to a Borg conduit makes you extremely vulnerable. I'm curious if you've ever considered relocating. Your courage is admirable but unrealistic. Captain. I was simply attempting to insure Icheb's well-being. Those issues needed to be discussed. Perhaps, but that doesn't alter the fact that those individuals may not be suitable guardians. Which is no guarantee that they'll be able to care for him. He's far more likely to flourish if he remains on Voyager. JANEWAY; That's not an option, Seven. Are you ordering him off the ship? So that he can be assimilated again? They shouldn't remain on that planet. It's not worth protecting. Anyone who values their own goals over the safety of their children is irresponsible. Both. It would be naive for me to claim objectivity in this case. But I'm not prepared to return Icheb to parents who may be as careless as my own. If I do, and he decides to remain on Voyager? Come with me. To dinner with your parents. You can continue your work after the meal. Then it will be a very quiet evening. Your attendance is not optional. [Mess hall] It's time to return to Voyager. They don't have a regeneration unit. As far as I am aware, he hasn't decided to remain here yet. Return with me to the ship. We'll prepare a regeneration unit. [Cargo Bay two]  I've adapted this neural transceiver to interface with the portable regenerator. It has enough power to complete one full cycle. If Icheb decides to stay. He's a unique individual. How was he taken? So the passing cubes won't be attracted to your planet. Icheb has a mind of his own. My parents were with me when the Borg attacked. It's important that Icheb regenerate for six uninterrupted hours. He may resist. He doesn't like to waste time. I've had to contend with his lack of patience as well. [Brunali settlement - Icheb's home] Did you regenerate successfully? You weren't in class this morning. The others missed you. What is it? You've decided to stay with them. You're certain? I'll inform the captain. I'm sure you'll want to say goodbye to the other children. [Transporter room] What is it? Explain. So do I, but we'll adapt. Now return to your alcove. We'll discuss that when and if the time comes. Regenerate. Yes? His people lack resources. The Borg have little reason to return to their planet. Unlikely. You're mistaken. He was on the surface when he was assimilated. It is. This is tactical data from the Cube where we found the children. It says that Icheb was alone aboard an unarmed transport vessel when the Borg took him. Icheb's father told me the boy was assimilated on the planet's surface. No. He was very specific. Perhaps, but I found another inconsistency in Leucon's story. He told me Icheb was assimilated four years ago but further analysis indicates the Borg attacked three times during the last decade. Nine years ago, six years ago, and again last year. His father was lying. I'm not certain, but we have an obligation to find out. That we return to the planet, demand an explanation. We have a responsibility to ensure Icheb's safety. Maybe he didn't have all the information. I know what you're thinking, that I'm having emotional difficulty accepting my separation from Icheb and you're correct. But if there's a possibility he's in danger, even a remote one, I have to do whatever I can to protect him. If I don't, I'll be no better than my own parents. [Brunali settlement - Icheb's home] Regarding Icheb and the circumstances of his assimilation. The story you told me was inconsistent with our data. Where is he? I'm detecting a Brunali transport vessel, distance, nine million kilometres. It's heading for the coordinates of the transwarp conduit. They're using it as bait to attract the Borg. Alone, on an unarmed transport? Your children? By taking away Icheb's future. I can't. There's some kind of interference. I still can't establish a lock, not at this distance. Still out of range. I've got a lock. Transport in progress. He's in Sickbay. Perhaps not. There is a way to get a weapon through their shields. Transport a photon torpedo to the Brunali vessel. Set it to detonate soon as it's inside the Sphere. Transport complete. Detonation in ten, nine. (Voyager turns on a sixpence.) Five. Three, two. I don't understand. Is he in danger? Captain, I I thought you were studying spatial harmonics. I see. What have you learned? Yes. It's also barbaric. I know how difficult it is to acknowledge your parents' faults, but what they did was wrong. You don't have to forgive them. For what? You would have been reassimilated. But what? Maybe. In the future you may choose to fight the Borg, but you'll do it in your own way. You're an individual, and you have the right to determine your own destiny. It's time to regenerate. It's your decision. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
It was a Borg vessel. There are tetryon particles in the debris consistent with the atmosphere inside a Cube. We would need to run close range scans of the hull fragments. Very well. You leave me no choice but to report your activities to the Captain. Explain. Correct. No such rank exists aboard this vessel. And you hope to achieve this goal by emulating me? No. There are many on this crew that would benefit from your example. Your objective is admirable. However, your neocortical development is incomplete. You would require several months of accelerated growth in a Borg maturation chamber. Then I suggest that you (The voices return briefly, then Seven turns and smiles at Naomi. Her voice is younger and slightly higher pitched.)SEVEN:  Hey. I'm bored. Let's do something fun. Swimming? Do you like Kadis-kot? Come on! (They run off down the corridor hand in hand, giggling.) [Wildman's quarters] Kadis-kot! I win. You want a rematch? Captains don't have much time to play, you know. No. You study too much, Naomi, just like my brother. Twelve of them. Nine older and three younger. We play Kadis-kot all the time. You must get lonely. Adapt? Borg. I hate Borgs. Yeah, they're mean. It's your move. I am on my way, Lieutenant. Naomi Wildman. What am I doing here? You are correct. It is Borg. I believe it's a neural interlink frequency. A frequency that integrates the minds of Borg drones. I will try. I am not well. I experienced a brief lapse in memory and I am disoriented. No. This interlink frequency could explain my (The voices again.)SEVEN: Do'Raq Merash. I am the son of K'vok! And you, what House are you from? You wear the uniform of a Starfleet P'Cha! What kind of a warrior are you? Come, warrior, let me look at you. Your blood is sweet! (Seven bites Torres' cheek. Torres throws her off.) You are strong. You will make an excellent mate. You wish to prove yourself in battle. (She pushes her way past two security men and runs out into the corridor.) [Bridge] Somebody's hurt and he needs help. Did I do something bad? My name's Maryl. Are you a Vulcan? You are not a physician, Commander. The logical course of action would be to take him to the infirmary. Subaltern Lorot, Vulcan High Command. May I be of assistance? Certainly. Clearly he was attacked. I suggest we use caution. (voices) PetaQ! You will drown in your own blood. Captain, why am I here? Voices, I hear voices. They are agitated, chaotic. Too many They are fading. They are gone. I was in Engineering, assisting Lieutenant Torres. Confrontation? I have no memory of those events. Doctor. How? Of course. Can you correct the malfunction? Lieutenant Torres detected a Borg interlink frequency. It could be causing my cortical implants to malfunction. The signal permeates subspace. We cannot avoid it. Yes, Captain. The Collective does not tolerate imperfection. Any drone with a malfunction as serious as mine would be destroyed immediately. Correct. No. Your concern has been noted. The Doctor will inform you when I am functional again. Tell her thank you. [Cargo Bay two] I don't recall them. I don't remember entering this data file. Personal log, Ensign Stone, Stardate 52188.7. I just completed my first week of active duty. It was a nightmare. After four years at the Academy I thought I was ready for anything, but Captain Blackwood runs a tight ship, and he seems to take special pleasure in tormenting new recruits. The First Officer tells me not to take it personally, but it's hard to be objective when Blackwood. Captain of the Federation Starship Tombaugh. The Borg assimilated that vessel thirteen years ago. One of my victims. Hi. Guess who? I know I promised to write you every day but that's simply not enough. How about once in the morning when I resuscitate and once at night before I go into torpor, and I'll think about you non-stop in between. Wait, I've got a better idea. Why don't you leave your circle and visit the colony? You'd love it here, so I helped to assimilate thousands of individuals. I do not remember each of their names. Acknowledged. [Bridge] It's a Borg vinculum. The processing device at the core of every Borg vessel. It interconnects the minds of all the drones. It purges individual thoughts and disseminates information relevant to the Collective. Precisely. I believe it has identified me as an errant drone. It is attempting to reintegrate me into the Collective. The Vinculum is malfunctioning. It is sending me erratic commands. Yes. Not without risking permanent damage to my own systems. The Vinculum must be taken offline. Permission to beam it aboard for analysis. I have worked with this technology before. I may be able to disable it. Yes, but I would need several days. The Borg may return by then. I recommend we take the Vinculum and leave this region immediately. Nor have I. [Engineering] The voices. I hear them. Don't worry, Lieutenant. The Son of K'vok will not be joining us. The Vinculum is equipped with many safeguards. I will need to access its transneural matrix and disable it directly. It's a normal response to my intrusion. Don't be alarmed. Curious. I'm detecting an organism within the Vinculum. It appears to be a viral agent. The Cube was infected three days ago, shortly after assimilating an alien shuttlecraft. Species 6339. They were the last ones to come in contact with the cube.  Species 6339, Humanoid. Warp-capable. Origin, grid one two four, octant twenty two theta. They first encountered the Borg approximately four years ago. Since that time, eleven billion individuals have been assimilated. Three days ago, the Collective detected one of their last surviving shuttlecraft. A Cube was sent to intercept it. The drones aboard no doubt experienced symptoms similar to my own. It is no surprise they destroyed themselves. Yes, Captain. I've already begun a spatial diagn. (voices) My, my, my, look at the size of that thing. This viewscreen. It's got to be one of the biggest I've ever seen. I'll give you twenty bars of latinum for it. Be quiet. Can't you see I'm in the middle of a deal? Name your price, Captain? Daimon Torrot. Of course I'm Ferengi. Is that some kind of insult about the size of my ears? Sickbay? What for? I've never felt better. No. What is this treatment going to cost me? Free? You know, I have been having a nagging pain in my lower left lobe, and while you're at it why don't you run a complete tricardial diagnostic. The Ferengi Health Commission's trying to revoke my trading license. [Corridor]  Impressive vessel, Captain. Galaxy class?  Ah. Ah, and here we are in the much talked-about Sickbay. Not exactly state of the medical art now, is it? You're low on biobeds, terrible lighting, obsolete instruments. Lucky for you, I know a medical supplier that can spruce this place up in a nanosecond, and I'll even drop my commission to a mere thirty percent? Forcefield? You said I wasn't contagious. I've been kidnapped! JANEWAY: Even more reason to shut down the Vinculum as soon as we can. Please help me. I'm looking for my son Gregory Bergan, Lieutenant Bergan. Have you seen him? From the starship Melbourne. I was supposed to meet him at Wolf 359, but Starfleet sent out a warning that the Borg were attacking that sector. It was too late for us to turn back. We were caught in a terrible battle. My ship was badly damaged. We had to leave on escape pods. I never found out what happened to Gregory. Please, I haven't heard from him in over three days. Could you check with Starfleet Headquarters? Thank you, Captain. If you do speak with him, could you tell him that his mother is all right and if he could pos... Captain. Yes. The Vinculum? How long was I absent? How many? Species 180, Ferengi. I do not share your optimism. (The forcefield is lowered.)SEVEN: When you took me from the Borg and began to turn me into an individual, I found the silence of my own mind difficult to bear. I missed the voices of the Collective. But now that I am an individual, those same voices frighten me. Captain, I don't know if I can tolerate this condition much longer. My courage is insufficient. Help me! The Vinculum. I am damaged. I apologise. Irrelevant. I am Borg. I should be able to adapt. They're getting louder. What treatment? What is the probability of success? Are there any risks to Tuvok? Even if we do shut down the Vinculum, it may not be enough. If Tuvok can do anything to help me. Doctor, you have shown a great deal of patience. Inform the crew that I am also grateful for their efforts. Voices! Get them out, please! I can't, I can't! No! (The EMH sedates her. Tuvok completes his meditative preparations.) [Bridge] Why am I tied to this bed? Please let me go. PetaQ! I'll rip out your throat, coward! Name your price. Ten bars of latinum? Twenty? This isn't medicine, it's torture! I'll sue for malpractice. I fail to see the logic in this meld, Commander. You are but one mind, confronting thousands. You will not succeed. Let me go. The Borg are assimilating the ship! We've got to evacuate. Listen to me! They're trying to assimilate the ship. Let me go! Mommy. Mommy. Mommy.  I'm lost. Somebody help me. Please, I don't like it here. I want to go home. I can't find my [Meld] Commander. Tuvok. Yes. [Bridge] EMH The voices will not return? The members of this crew put themselves at risk to help me. I am unsure how to reciprocate. I will join her shortly. There is a crew member I must see first. [Corridor] Sociological data regarding one hundred and seventy three Delta quadrant species. Study it. As Bridge Assistant, you will find this information relevant. There is one more assignment. I require your assistance. I wish to participate in recreational activities.
Thank you, Captain. Preparing meals myself is the best way to ensure quality. Each course has been paired with a specific wine. Substitutions are not recommended. Additional seasoning is not required. If the quail hasn't been prepared to your satisfaction, I could replicate something more to your liking. A peanut butter and jelly sandwich, perhaps. There's another vessel approaching. It's charging weapons. Apparently not here. I'm not detecting any gases, stellar bodies, or matter of any kind. We may be able to devise a new approach.  Using fractal algorithms with the Borg sensors I believe I can predict where and when these funnels will occur. The funnels originate inside the anomaly, creating massive graviton forces before they erupt. If we were to enter one of the funnels just as that happened we might be able to use those forces to propel us into normal space. There's another problem. When the graviton forces reach critical levels, the polarity suddenly reverses, pulling everything near the funnel back into the anomaly. We'd need to achieve a velocity of warp eight point two.  There's a funnel forming seventy thousand metres off the port bow. Bearing one three zero mark two four. Five seconds. Four, three. The shuttles may be useful in another capacity. Not everything of value has been taken. The warp core has been removed, but the casing that protected it is intact. It's composed of tricesium. For example? Crude but effective. Identify yourself. (A biped scuttles away.) There. He appears to be injured. [Sickbay] I believe he was transported along with the core casing. We're trying to determine why we didn't detect him. Computer, replicate a portion of nutritional supplements from my daily allotment. [Briefing room] I'm detecting large quantities of food on his supply deck. No, but our own reserves are running out.  Captain, there's been a theft. My phase compensator. No doubt it was stolen by one of your prospective members. I presume you obtained something equally valuable in return. Did they join? Captain. I don't know what you're implying. He needed food. Yes? How is he? Fantome? In six years you haven't chosen a name for yourself, but you've given Fantome one in a few days. And Fantome isn't? That would explain why our sensors didn't detect him. Exactly. He may not be able to speak but he can hear. (She holds up items while creating high and low tones, then puts them down and plays the tones. Fantome picks up the item relating to the tone.) So it would seem. [Mess hall] The language is already developing its own grammar and syntax. Transport complete, Captain. They're in the engine rooms of both ships. [Bridge]
Astrometric sensors measure the radiative flux of up to three billion stars simultaneously. The computer then calculates our position relative to the centre of the galaxy. By my estimates this trajectory will eliminate five years from your journey. It does. Spatial grid zero zero five. Primary species, the Zahl. Technologically advanced but nonconfrontational. Their resistance quotient is quite low. Lieutenant. Ensign. During the last attack nineteen main power relays were severed. The entire turbolift system is non-operational. [Corridor] The Phoenix. The correct response to your query. The vessel Ensign Kim was describing. It was designated the Phoenix. I don't, but the Borg were present during those events. It's a complicated story. Perhaps another time.  Seven of Nine to Tuvok. There is an undetonated chronoton torpedo lodged in the starboard Jefferies tube on deck eleven, section two. The warhead is still active. Arrive quickly. [Mess hall] Can we disarm it? If I can determine the exact temporal variance of this torpedo it will help us perfect the temporal shielding. We may never have this opportunity again. The temporal variance is one point four seven microseconds. Reporting for duty, Lieutenant. After we make your customary rounds, I'd like to take you to deflector control. I had an inspiration last night about the temporal shielding. You've been damaged. I have offered to assist you with your personal grooming. Unacceptable. You're risking further injury. We've been trying to match our shields to the temporal variance of their torpedoes, but I believe we must also match the deflector array to the inverse of that variance. (Tuvok goes into his main room and sits. Seven brings his boots for him to put on.) They're ready now, but the modifications are untested. Ensign. My cabin mate. As a Borg, I was accustomed to cohabitating with thousands of other drones, but I find it significantly more difficult to live with a single human. Ensign Brooks is negligent. She leaves her equipment lying around the quarters and her clothing on the floor. Indeed. Stand by. [Bridge]  Temporal shielding is online. [Bridge]  Sensors are online. Power levels are stable. Yes. Spatial grid zero zero five. (With four coloured areas, one much larger than the others.) Spatial grid zero zero five. (The big area shrinks.) Perhaps we were protected from the changes by our temporal shielding. The shockwave emanated from a planet twenty light years away. The Garenor homeworld. The planet is no longer populated. Astrometric data indicate that the instant the shockwave appeared the Garenor species vanished. Captain? An intriguing theory. Perhaps the Krenim are responsible. They do possess temporal technology. Temporal shields are weakening. I've scanned their propulsion system. Their vessel's mass prevents them from exceeding warp six. We can escape. Temporal shields are failing. It is offensive. Fortunately taste is irrelevant. Captain, you are in error. At the moment this vessel is defenceless. We should remain here until we are functioning at our peak efficiency. That was not my intention. I simply pointed out that her decision was wrong. And yours. I know you well enough to say that. As a Borg, I submitted to a single authority, the Collective. Over the past several months I've been encouraged to think and act as an individual. It is difficult to know when to restrain myself. Even when you know her logic is flawed? We just did.
We've lost contact with the away team. I also detected some unusual energy discharges in the asteroid field. It's difficult to tell because of the interference, but they appear to be thermalytic explosions. I believe several of them were in close proximity to the Flyer. Unknown. Go ahead, Captain. Lieutenant Torres and I will be finished in a few minutes. As you can see, our sensors are extremely precise. We can scan for life signs light years away. I have something else that may interest you. (Seven calls up an image of a planet.) No, this image is from our database.
Then I must disobey. I have no good news to report. I've completed an astrometric scan of the entire region. There are no star systems within twenty five hundred light years. Nothing. There are heavy concentrations of theta radiation. It has occluded our sensors. None. We are alone. Commander.? We will adapt. Shall I inform the Captain of my findings? Commander. Am I disturbing you. Is the Astrometrics lab designated for recreational use? Astronomical phenomena help you to focus your mind. Meditation. It rejuvenates you? I suggest you try Borg regeneration. It's much more efficient. A simple cortical implant would be required. Long range sensors are detecting more theta radiation. Dangerously high levels. Unknown. [Janeway's quarters] (The lighting is low.) My designation? Secretary. I am Borg. The robot has been neutralised. May I leave now?  Lieutenant. Independent subsystems are operational. Environmental controls, holodecks. Reroute power from this holodeck to the emergency relays. Computer, disengage safety protocols! (Seven grabs the ray gun and shoots the intruder.) [Corridor]  He was attacked by an intruder. I disabled the alien. It may still be alive. The vessel is ejecting massive quantities of contaminated antimatter. Do you intend to destroy it? [Engineering] I will not comply. Chance is irrelevant. We will succeed. They're firing spatial charges. Captain Proton to the rescue. Captain. They intend to block our path. The freighter is moving to combat the aliens. Shockwave approaching. Six hundred metres. Five hundred. Four. The vortex has been destroyed.
Captain Janeway, What have you? The others. I can't hear the others. The voices are gone. You will return this drone to the Borg. You will return this drone to the Borg! You will supply us with a subspace transmitter and leave us on the nearest planet. The Borg will come for us. We need nothing from you. We are Borg. We are - ah! You will suppress the human immune system. No! We are Borg! We are Borg! (Tuvok holds Seven while the EMH sedates her.) [Sickbay] What have you done to me! Unacceptable. (Seven gets off the biobed.) You should have let us die. This drone cannot survive outside the Collective. Do not engage us in superficial attempts at sympathy. You are an individual. You are small. You cannot understand what it is to be Borg. This drone is small now. Alone. One voice, one mind. The silence is unacceptable. We need the others! Insufficient. You have neglected to remove the autonomous regeneration sequencers. Jefferies tube thirteen alpha section twelve. We fully recall the engineering specifications of your vessel. Yes. Autonomous regeneration sequencers. They function to counteract resistance. We came up with nothing. The Borg assimilated this technology in Galactic Cluster three from species two five nine. You must disconnect each sequencer conduit at the insertion juncture. Beyond your comprehension. Galactic Cluster three is a transmaterial energy plane intersecting twenty two billion omnicordial lifeforms. Ensign Kim. Your assistance. (She hits him, knocking him into the guard standing nearby.) [Bridge] So this is human freedom. You were not deceived, Captain Janeway. It was my intention to help you. There was a chance to contact the Collective. I took advantage of it. Your attempt to assimilated this drone will fail. You can alter our physiology but you cannot change our nature. We will betray you. We are Borg. If it does happen, we will become fully human? We will be autonomous. Independent. If at that time we choose to return to the Collective, will you permit it? You would deny us the choice as you deny us now. You have imprisoned us in the name of humanity, yet you will not grant us your most cherished human right. To choose our own fate. You are hypocritical, manipulative. We do not want to be what you are. Return us to the Collective! Then you are no different than the Borg. [Mess hall]  But I cannot function this way. Alone. If that's true, you won't do this to me. Take me back to my own kind. I don't remember being human. I don't know what it is to be I'll kill you. So quiet. One voice. JANEWAY: One voice can be stronger than a thousand voices. Your mind is independent now, with it's own unique identity. You are forcing that identity upon me. It's not mine. Don't want that life. It is acceptable. Understood. It will not happen again. Red. The child you spoke of, the girl. Her favourite colour was red. (In his quarters, Tuvok puts the lit meditation lamp in his window, to help Kes find her way home.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Their propulsion system is offline. The damage is not that severe. The drones should've repaired it by now. Their attack strategy is erratic, inefficient. Captain, I believe I can explain the unusual behaviour of these Borg. There should be thousands of drones manning the vessel, but I'm picking up only five signatures. When their communications array was damaged, it severed their link to the Collective. They intend to adapt our deflector to regain it. Seven of Nine. These drones have not fully matured. Where are the others? You are neonatal drones. You should still be in maturation chambers. Doubtful. Your thoracic nodes haven't formed yet. You're incomplete. You'll continue to malfunction. You must return to your maturation chambers. Comply. What happened to the adult drones? (Another pre-teen boy, one of a pair of twins.) I've modified the agreement. I didn't realise I'd be dealing with children. Your behaviour is erratic. I can't be certain that you Take me to them. (Mezoti leads the way, and Icheb follows.)  Do you have a designation? You were the second to emerge from the chambers. A collective of five on a vessel normally run by five thousand. What makes you think you'll survive? I wish to see if they're injured. (The forcefield is lowered.) Don't let their appearance fool you. They are in control of this vessel and all of its armaments. Are you injured? You failed. That was unnecessary. The Borg are prepared to negotiate for your release. I will return for you. I'm not authorised to give you technology. I must report back to Captain Janeway. I also need to take an adult drone and a data node back to Voyager for analysis. Something happened on this vessel that none of us understand. If it happens again, it could endanger all of you.(Icheb nods.) [Corridor] The maturation chamber is designed to protect developing drones. Malfunctions caused by the deaths of the adults led several of the chambers to open prematurely. Yes. I don't know the extent of the damage. It could take longer. Thank you. Correct. Why? What else did you learn? My parents were scientists studying the Borg. They took me with them. My childhood was short. The years between birth and physical maturity, when humanoids adapt to their roles as individuals. Perhaps you have memory of yours. What about your parents? Do you remember them? Your sub-vocal processor is malfunctioning. I can repair it for you. It's a slight adjustment. It won't be painful. I engaged him in this discussion. I found some unsettling information. I examined their communication records. The Collective did receive the drones' initial distress call. A vessel was not dispatched. The Collective declared the neonatal drones irrelevant and severed their link to the Hive permanently. Precisely. No. They don't have the ability to decrypt the message. Normally when drones learn they're irrelevant, they deactivate themselves. But these neonatal drones are unpredictable. They may not adhere to Borg protocols. If you're suggesting transforming them into individuals, that would be extremely difficult. That's because I was prepared before you encountered me. When I was first captured by the Borg, I was young and frightened. I watched my parents assimilated. Then I was placed in a maturation chamber, and the Hive mind began to restructure my synaptic pathways, purge my individuality. When I emerged five years later, the turmoil of my forced assimilation had been replaced with order. You may not be aware of this, Captain, but that order continues to be a source of strength for me. I could not have regained my humanity without it. Not all drones can be saved, Captain. Yes, Captain.  The resonance field collapsed. It'll take an hour to reinitialise. I'm working as efficiently as I can. Examine my work for yourself if you have doubts. (The Leader looks at her PADD.) More likely it's your understanding of quadric field theory that's flawed. They rely on you, yet you lack the skills necessary to ensure their survival. The unity of the Collective, common goals, the quest for perfection. I have not forgotten. But you don't need to remain drones to experience those things. Come back with me to Voyager. Its autonomic nervous system is failing. We can modulate the stasis field to stabilise its functions, at least temporarily. Assist me. The field is degrading. We need to transport it into an incubation pod. Quickly. (The twins do the transport. Seven opens the pod and picks up the baby. It struggles to breathe.) Its respiratory system is impaired, and this incubation pod is malfunctioning. We must transport this infant to Voyager.  You complain of delays then you interrupt my work. It's a plasma charge. That won't be necessary. I only need a few more minutes to repair the  Even with Voyager's deflector, your efforts to return to the Hive will fail. No, they won't. The Borg received your message but chose to ignore it. They consider you irrelevant. Their reply is in data grid four two six. Use decryption protocol theta three. The Collective does not tolerate imperfection.  You have no future with the Borg. But you do with Voyager. A chance to reclaim your real lives. Does he speak for all of you? You should make your decisions yourself, as individuals. Lower your shields. Lower the shields! (Seven goes to do it herself.) This vessel will be destroyed. We must evacuate. You're damaged. Lie still. His cortical implants are depolarising. I can't help him. (Mezoti kneels by her Leader.) Yes. We are Borg. (The Leader deactivates, permanently.) SEVEN: Lower the shields. (Icheb complies.) Captain's log, supplemental. Harry's recovering in Sickbay, and the rest of the away team is safe and sound. As for the drones, the Doctor's removed most of their implants, leaving us with four very troubled children. [Ready room] They could use the time. They have a great deal to learn. I've never been responsible for children. Mister Neelix would be a wiser choice. Perhaps I could help them avoid some of the obstacles I've encountered. [Cargo Bay two] Yes, but first. (She hands out PADDs.)SEVEN: I was able to salvage your assimilation profiles. They include your names and some limited biographical data. Your name is Icheb. Yes it is, and it's all yours. Azan and Rebi. I'll tell you more
We're receiving a transmission from Starfleet. [Bridge]  It's not a comm. link, Captain. It appears to be [Bridge] SEVEN You're reviewing his medical data. You bear a striking resemblance. It's not a malfunction. I've removed your singing algorithms. They'll be stored in a memory buffer until you return. Your programme's too large for the datastream. I have to extract all non-essential subroutines. Are you planning on performing opera during your visit? Will you be reciting poetry? Hoverball? Holophotography? Sexual activities? Twelve megaquads. That leaves three megaquads. Your painting skills?
I've detected a vessel. Transferring the trajectory to tactical. [Bridge]  We've identified two potential colony sites in the southern hemisphere. I'll prepare them.
Residual particles from the Ba'Neth's cloaking field. We can use Mister Naroq's photolytic converter to illuminate them. Perhaps. I believe I can adjust our internal sensors to improve it.  Astrometrics to the Bridge. Mister Naroq and I have completed our deflector modifications. We're ready to test the array. [Bridge]  Activating the deflector. [Bridge] They're blocking our scans. [Bridge] You didn't. Unlikely. How do you find something that's invisible? We have the ability to illuminate them. But to do so we must first locate them, which we cannot accomplish without their cloaking frequency. One that we might be able to solve if Commander Tuvok could tell us what he saw. How is his rehabilitation progressing? Try me. When his genetic code is sufficiently altered. In that case, a person is no longer Vulcan when he has lost his logic. He must be taught. It may be impossible for him to learn what you're trying to teach. I was merely suggesting that you adapt to the circumstances. When I was separated from the Collective I, too, was damaged. I was no longer connected to the hive mind. I lost many abilities that I had acquired as a drone, but I adapted. But not by restoring me to what I'd been. By helping me discover what I could become. [Sickbay] The deflector array is ready, Captain.
 Commander. The Captain's plan B. I've calculated the inertial force required to divert the freighter. Plan C. Shield modulations that should reduce the structural damage of Voyager. It will also help protect the crew against theta radiation poisoning, if we fail. I didn't think Vulcans believed in luck. She does seem to succeed more often than random chance would allow. I'll factor it into my calculations. No. [Malon Freighter deck five] Go ahead.  The room is too heavily shielded. Our sensors can't penetrate it. [Malon Freighter corridor] SEVEN Yes, Doctor. I've been running continuous scans. [Astrometrics lab] I assure you there is no one there aside from the away team. [Sickbay]  I'll recalibrate our sensors. [Malon Freighter control room] Seven of Nine [Astrometrics lab] To away team. I've detected the alien lifeform. It's moving toward your position. [Malon Freighter control room]  The lifeform has entered the control room. [Malon Freighter control room]
Given the volatile nature of their relationship, one might have predicted homicide rather than matrimony. For what? I am familiar with the specifications. Yes. There is no point in providing me with knowledge I already possess. My engineering abilities are more than sufficient. Enjoy your honeymoon. Personality? It is a propulsion device. That's just a minor fluctuation in a subsidiary injector port. I will take care of it. Lieutenant, you are on leave. Yes, the Doctor informed me of that archaic human superstition. I fail to see the benefit of monogamous relationships. If you mean remain open to social situations with a wide variety of individuals, then yes. I do not wish to be dependent on anyone. By marrying, one limits one's romantic interactions to a single individual, a circumstance which implies extreme monotony. This entire Jefferies tube is losing molecular cohesion. The modified nanoprobes are still reinforcing the warp field. It should remain functioning until we reach the Demon Planet. However, there is less than a twenty percent probability that Voyager will remain intact that long. I will use unaffected components to construct a beacon. [Bridge] I can't. The exhaust manifolds have disintegrated. Warp field failure in eight, seven, six, five, four, three Reinitialising the deflector. The warp field has stabilised.  I'm transferring the last of our power reserves. Degrading. [Engineering]  We have approximately ten hours of air remaining. [Bridge] It's ready for launch.  The launch sequencer has misfired.  It won't work. The launch mechanism is demolecularised. [Bridge]  It's too late. It's been destroyed. [Bridge]  I'm detecting a vessel twenty two light years away. [Bridge]  The engine controls are fused. [Bridge] Without an isolitic [Engineering] Converter, I cannot comply. [Bridge]  Ensign, dropping out of warp at this velocity could [Bridge] SEVEN  Computer, prepare to eject the warp core. Authorisation Seven of Nine, omega phi nine three. Eject the core. (There is a bang, and everyone is thrown around.)SEVEN: We've lost attitude control and shields. Hull integrity at nineteen percent. [Bridge]  Hull breaches on [Bridge] Decks nine, ten and eleven.
That's only a guideline. You can do better. I'm helping him study warp mechanics. Lieutenant? Where? Seven of Nine to the Doctor. I'll be accompanying Lieutenant Torres to Sickbay. I believe she's pregnant. [Sickbay] I'm glad it wasn't a parasite. I'm sorry to hear that. Whatever the problem is, I have no doubt the Doctor will solve it. It's not like the Doctor to make a mistake. I'll run a diagnostic. It appears to be more than a glitch. I believe the Doctor's programme has been tampered with.  Someone's blocked communications to Sickbay. Access to his programme has been restricted.
Captain, long range scans have detected. You can thank Ensign Paris for introducing the artefact to the ship. The solution is quite simple. If you align They've revealed a planetoid with high concentrations of dilithium crystals. We're within visual range. The planetoid is destabilising. Captain, I recognise it. It's Hazari. Species four two two eight. Technologically advanced, extremely violent. They make excellent tactical drones. The Hazari are hired to capture and deliver alien vessels. Yes. Yes, but it's useless while we remain in the gas cloud. Do you believe the impact will throw us clear? I'm reading a subspace flux. (The Think Tank appears, looking like an oversized probe or small spacestation rather than a spaceship.) Neither have the Borg. The Think Tank's technology is advanced. The universal translator must be inoperative. How do you communicate? I am an individual now. You may address your comments to me. Impressive. (The sound of a whale.) A bioplasmic lifeform. How old is this creature? An artificial intelligence. Another time, perhaps. I am in direct telepathic communication with this individual. It is requesting information about integrating organic components into its technology. You're welcome. It was an interesting experience. How do you wish to proceed? They are offering us the assistance we require, I am the payment they require. The solution is obvious. The issue is Voyager's survival. You're saying I should go? I am intrigued. They are an unusual Collective with a compelling mission. But I require more data. Captain, I appreciate your giving me this choice.  Why me? When did you arrive at this assessment? My dialogue with the artificial intelligence. How much do you know about me? No. The crew of Voyager has accepted me, integrated me into their Collective. Why did you leave? The Think Tank requested you as payment. Your group can assist many Collectives, and yet you often use that ability as a means of coercion to obtain what you want. How many have suffered because they were unwilling to agree to your conditions? I agree, but I can do that here. I doubt that will happen. Acknowledged. As you wish. [Bridge] I have declined their offer. I have not. I scanned the device. Its mechanism operates on a simple fractal regression. Cheating is often more efficient. Yes, for several seconds. Your hospitality is irrelevant. I am here because you left me no choice. If Voyager is destroyed, I will not cooperate. Comply. Their technology is inferior to yours. They would never attack you directly. You told me, without problems to test the limits of your ability, you can never expand them. They can't understand you. [Bridge] Acquiring knowledge is a worthy objective, but its pursuit has obviously not elevated you. (Kurros' isomorphic projection flickers.)
I fail to see the merit of learning a Klingon drinking song. Think again. Very well. 'ej HumtaH 'ej DechtaH 'Iw. I tried to assist you in making Engineering more efficient, but you resisted. You're stubborn. She's condemned us all.
I fear nothing. This activity is truly unproductive. The end result has no use. No necessary task has been accomplished. Time has been expended. Nothing more. The concept of relaxation is difficult for me to understand. As a Borg, my time was spent working at a specific task. When it was completed, I was assigned another. It was efficient. (Janeway sorts out the nose herself.) But why here, in this simulation? Among these archaic objects and this disorganised environment. Are you suggesting that I create one of these holodeck programmes? I am uncertain why those things are necessary. He was a very busy man. I don't know. [Sickbay]  It's happened three times now in different locations, at different times of the day. I experience a series of disjointed images in my mind. I don't know. I've never hallucinated. It's as if I were aboard a Borg vessel, but I was frightened. I felt fear. Each experience is similar. I'm being pursued by the Borg. They want to assimilate me. I'm running from them, and then, and then, each time I see a bird. Yes. A large black bird, flying toward me, shrieking, attacking me. What does that mean? Hypnogogic regression? I was not traumatised. I was raised by the Borg. I don't see them as threatening. Why would I experience fear? Will I keep having these flashbacks? Oral consumption is inefficient. I do not enjoy this sensation. Something is happening to me and I don't know what it is. It's as though I'm being driven somehow. I'll stay here and wait for the Doctor's instructions. My physiology has reasserted the need to process solid nutrients. The Doctor has prepared a list of dietary requirements. You will provide them for me. Pleasure is irrelevant. Why is that? Preparation is irrelevant. You are Talaxian. Species two one eight. Your biological and technological distinctiveness was added to our own. A small freighter containing a crew of thirty nine taken in the Dalmine Sector. They were easily assimilated. Their dense musculature made them excellent drones. Please what? I am unaccustomed to this. Borg do not sit. A curious sensation. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile. (She gets up and pushes Neelix onto the deck before walking out.) I am Borg. For a brief time I was human. But I have come to realise that I am Borg. I will always be Borg. Every Borg ship is coded to emit a distinct resonance frequency to guide drones who become separated from the Collective. Yes. I am following a signal. A Borg vessel is waiting for me. You're wrong. They are here. Vulcan. Species three two five nine. Your enlarged neocortex produces superior analytical abilities. Your distinctiveness will be added to our No. I will not assimilate you. Once I return to the Collective, you will go back to Voyager and tell Captain Janeway what's happened to me. Thank her for her patience, for her kindness. Yes. No. (The raven is watching her.) But I can hear them calling me. I'm frightened I must rejoin the Collective. Captain's log, supplemental. I've been trying to retrace Seven of Nine's footsteps, her actions during the last few days, but I'm still no closer to understanding what's happened. [Cargo Bay two] Once I've been reintegrated into the Collective, my fears will disappear. You would be assimilated. What do you mean? What else could it be? They're here, I'm sure of it. No. I have to find out. (They see a spacecraft sitting on a rock pinnacle.)SEVEN: What is it?   Papa? Help me.(She hides underneath the bank of consoles.) [The Raven - flashback] It happened here. This is where it began. This is where I was The ship is under attack.  This way. (They run through the ship. A hit makes debris fall.) I am undamaged. This was the only way to the hatch. Thank you. I hope you don't mind that I activated this programme. I've been thinking about what you said, that this was a place to encourage your imagination. I'm not certain. I find myself constructing scenarios, considering alternative possibilities. What if my parents and I had not encountered the Borg? What would our lives have been? I would have been raised by them, learned from them. It would have influenced what I became, who and what I am. Information? Perhaps I will, some day. Good night, Captain. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
My scans show geological instability within one hundred metres of the target location. I suggest limiting the team members to twenty kilograms. Preliminary scans indicate the crust is dense enough to support that weight. (Then Janeway gets up and walks around the table, brushing her hand along the back of the EMH's seat. Seven stiffens.) I require his assistance in Astrometrics. That's none of your business. An assimilation virus has penetrated our defences. Doctor. (Tuvok and Chakotay, now partially assimilated, advance on Seven and the EMH. He grabs a pair of hyposprays and injects Chakotay with one, before neck-pinching Tuvok. Seven gazes at him adoringly.) An inefficient activity. I can help him. The Doctor and I are going to Sickbay. Assimilation is an unpleasant fate. (They each pull at one of the EMH's arms.) The control linkage is down. No one could survive the current level of plasma radiation. Deactivate his programme. Apparently, he's had a great deal of practice. Look at these. (The preliminary sketches, with a modest lack of detail on the torso.) In many of his fantasies he takes command and saves the ship. I'm ready to pose again tonight. The internal comm. link is active. No one will be able to hear you but the Doctor. I require your assistance in the mess hall. Congratulations, Doctor. (kisses him on cheek) That was a Platonic gesture. Don't expect me to pose for you.
I'm trying to decode the message Starfleet Command sent us several weeks ago. None. I'm working on a new decryption algorithm. What is it? I'd rather not. I find him inefficient. The captain gives me greater liberty only when she needs my expertise. I will report to Engineering. [Engineering] The main power relay should be protected by a containment field. I'm reconfiguring the tactical control systems. That won't be necessary. Shall I consider my privileges restricted and confine myself to the Cargo Bay? I believe so. I will give it more thought. No. (Seven recoils from his proximity as he scans her.) Perhaps. What does that indicate? No. Let me out. No more procedures. EMH: All right. SEVEN: Stay away. You mustn't do this. I don't know. [Medical lab] What does this approach involve? You may proceed. My mind is now clear. A medical tricorder. Duritanium casing. Seven point six centimetres by nine point eight centimetres by three point two centimetres. Alphanumeric display. It disturbs me. I'm afraid it will hurt me. The diagnostic bed. It's closing around me. It's Kovin. He's restraining me. I want to get away from him but I can't. Kovin's using some kind of instrument on me. I didn't recall this before. Kovin. He performed a surgical procedure on me. He extracted Borg technology from my body. He violated me. I don't know. The details are vague. There are only images. Yes. He was. No. It must have been when we were testing the weapons on the surface. A large granitic stone, approximately one half metre high. Seventy two percent fragmentation, twenty eight percent vaporisation. Crude, but efficient. Targeting mechanism could be augmented with a thermal guidance sensor. That would improve accuracy by twenty four percent. Kovin took me to a small laboratory. [Seven's memory - Kovin's laboratory] EMH It was poorly illuminated. I saw various instruments, technology unfamiliar to me. I assumed this was where he developed new weapon designs. This weapon is thoron based. Thoron can be unstable in weapons. What are you doing?(He fires the weapon at Seven.) [Cargo Bay two]  He turned the weapon on me. Yes, I remember it now. I'm not sure. There was a light in my eyes. [Seven's memory - Kovin's laboratory] EMH Yes. And another Entharan was assisting him. (A woman.) Let me go. [Cargo Bay two]  They bound me to an examination table.  They put a device near my head. [Seven's memory - Kovin's laboratory] SEVEN Then some of the implants in my arm were activated. They extracted nanoprobes through my assimilation tubules. I was powerless, unable to stop them. They took the nanoprobes to another subject, also restrained. Then they, they assimilated him. The next thing I remember I was back in Kovin's lab. He claimed the particle beam rifle overloaded, that it had burned my hand. But it was a lie. They had attacked me. Do you have a dermal regenerator? I am undamaged. For what purpose? Resentment is a human trait. It has no structure, no function. I want no part of it. If I am not aware of these feelings, how can I express them? He would have been assimilated. It was my individuality which made me vulnerable. It was the act of a coward. I believe I'm beginning to experience anger. Anger toward Kovin. He's not an innocent man. I know what he did to me. I'm not afraid. I am angry. What do you see? It doesn't matter. Kovin is guilty. How could that be? You know that's not right. Tell them. That is what it was. You were the one who helped me to understand what happened and now you're denying it. The Doctor told me I would feel better when Kovin gets what he deserves. I want him to be punished. I won't settle for anything less. [Bridge]  Doctor. I'm here for my weekly maintenance. I do not feel perfect. I am preoccupied by Kovin's death. As a Borg, I was responsible for the destruction of countless millions and I felt nothing. But now, I regret the destruction of this single being. I do not enjoy this remorse any more than I enjoyed anger. Will the feeling subside? I would rather not have to wait.
You were only away four days. As you said, I'm fine. Thank you. Have you been experiencing problems? Your programme appears to be operating within normal parameters. There's no indication of diminished capacity. None. You seem disappointed. Deliberately? You were prepared to sacrifice an individual to benefit a collective. You were hoping your behaviour was the result of a malfunction. I'm sorry Doctor, but I must give you a clean bill of health. < Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 Commander Chakotay. I'm told you are the officer in charge of personnel. That you prepare the duty assignments. Is that the correct phrase? I am finding it difficult to spend so much time alone. I am unaccustomed to it. The hours do not pass quickly. I've been considering the matter carefully. I would like to request a duty assignment. Yes.  [Engineering] I assure you it is. I understand. I have been Seven of Nine for as long as I can remember. Imprecise, but acceptable. No. What further answer do you require? Guilt is irrelevant. I've set the parameters for the tachyon bursts we'll need to create a transwarp conduit. It will be several hours before the main deflector can be modified. I think it would be best if I waited in my alcove. You have no idea what you are doing. If we attempt to enter one, I'll have to take helm control. About what? He didn't injure me. There are many people on this ship who have similar feelings towards me. No. I'm uncertain what you're trying to say. I will remember your offer.  [Engineering]  All systems are ready. There's no indication of a subspace field. I recommend switching to a higher energy band. The subspace field is forming. I could be of help. I have no need to ingest liquids. I still receive energy from the Borg alcove. That is what the doctor says. Why have you asked me here? A prudent course of action. No. We had reconfigured the deflector shield to emit tachyon bursts. The procedure must have triggered the leak. Ensign Vorik. Monitoring the transwarp frequencies. You believe I'm responsible for the accident. That I deliberately sabotaged the ship. You are like the others, you see me as a threat. Captain. I am unaccustomed to deception. Among the Borg it was impossible. There were no lies, no secrets. And I assure you I had nothing to do with the accident in Engineering. I am finding it a difficult challenge to integrate into this group. It is full of complex social structures that are unfamiliar to me. Compared with the Borg, this crew is inefficient and contentious, but it is capable of surprising acts of compassion. Is there anything more? Captain, I believe I've found the cause of the accident. Erratic fluctuations in the ship's warp power. When tachyon levels rose to a resonant frequency, core pressure increased. I will go. They asked for me. If I surrender myself perhaps they'll let you leave. I was only offering to do what would be best for this group. That might not be necessary. Caatati technology is dependent on thorium isotopes. If they had enough they could become self-sustaining. When the Borg assimilated the Caatati, the survivors lost their ability to replicate the isotopes. But I have retained that knowledge. I could design an energy matrix that would produce thorium in large quantities. I am not accustomed to thinking that way. Borg do not consider giving technology away, only assimilating it. I am not certain.  This matrix will produce nine hundred forty four grammes of thorium per day. Using this matrix as a template you can construct as many as you You're welcome.  [Space]
If you're here to fraternise I do not have the time. And now you believe the sensors can be extended by using the deep space imaging system. I've been working on that exact procedure for the past two hours. Do you doubt my ability to finish the task? An algorithmic feedback is interfering with the resolution. Decompile data banks fifty nine through seventeen and attempt to isolate it. Now. Or you should leave. New? Nothing of consequence. The Captain and Tuvok are still searching for the processor. If you're referring to the crew morale, they seemed focused on their mission. A trivial misunderstanding. Lieutenant Torres and I were working on some Astrometric data. There was a disagreement. Lieutenant Torres became emotional. She chose to display hostility rather than to counter my argument. It is irrelevant. Suffice it to say I was correct, she was not. I see no reason to discuss these trivialities. Torres referred to me as an automaton. She also employed a series of profane Klingon insults. Shall I translate them for you? I'll be right there, Commander. I will create a search pattern for our missing processor. Understood. It is puzzling that even a Vulcan would refer to a holographic character by name, as if it were alive. It seems somehow illogical. Localising grid. Altitude twenty kilometres. There. Our computer processor is inside this structure. If the captain can get inside the facility and reach the processor itself, she may be able to assist us. That is what I was referring to.
 The bridge is clear. No sign of the weapon. Acknowledged. Captain? It is an efficient design. Sir. Jameson, Anna, Service number eight six zero seven nine zero. I am attempting to realign the EPS manifolds. No. Unlikely. I am not a member of Voyager's crew. I'm on assignment here at Utopia Planitia.  I've localised the temporal distortions. Deck four, section thirty  The weapon is out of phase. You've sent me to the wrong time frame.  I've been detected. I must leave. Understood. [2371 Corridor] I ran a complete self-diagnostic. At first I thought my ocular implants were malfunctioning. However, after consulting the Starfleet Medical database, I realise it is a flaw in my human physiology. I'm experiencing dizziness, double vision. After considering all potential environmental and genetic factors, I've concluded I'm suffering from Albright-Salzman syndrome. Human physiology is imperfect, susceptible to a variety of disorders. Apparently I was in need of a second opinion. Normal. You are the database. I don't require testing. I'm busy. You're attempting to appeal to my vanity. I will consider your request. Yes. I'm reading temporal distortions. (The ball resumes its trajectory.) [Astrometrics lab] A piece of technology. It's emitting temporal distortions. My ocular implant can detect irregularities in space-time. Identify yourselves. Why have you brought me here? I'm no longer in the twenty fourth century? Why do you need me? So far? Do you have a suspect? Do you know when the device was placed? Species three two nine, the Kazon. The Kazon are an inferior species. They don't possess the technology to create such a complex weapon. If I fail, you will recruit me again. Side effects? I'll do my best.  Also known as the Melting Clock Effect. It refers to a temporal fissure which slows the passage of time to a gradual halt. A causality loop in which interference to prevent an event actually triggers the same event. The Borg once travelled back in time to stop Zefram Cochrane from breaking the warp barrier. They succeeded, but that in turn led the starship Enterprise to intervene. They assisted Cochrane with the flight the Borg was trying to prevent. Causal loop complete. You're welcome. The Seven of Nine paradox. How we do know that my presence on Voyager will not alter the timeline? What's been your response? I don't enjoy uncertainty. How will I disarm it? Understood. I am not familiar with that protocol. Captain Janeway is quite resourceful. Has it occurred to you that she may be helpful? No doubt creating numerous paradoxes. No. Yes, sir. [Relativity] Yes.  Not yet. [Bridge]  They've erected forcefields around my location. I may have been detected. How shall I proceed? Lieutenant, respond. [Relativity] Relativity, are you there? Lower the forcefield. You've [2372 Corridor] Mistaken me for someone else. You're preventing me from completing a vital mission. My designation is irrelevant, But I assure you I have no hostile [2372 Corridor] Intentions. No, I am not. You will find none. I'm no longer Borg. I can't answer your questions. [Relativity]  It would be a violation of the Temporal Prime Directive. Yes. [Relativity] I can't tell you that. I would be risking damage to the timeline. You must release me. Voyager is in grave danger. Not from the Kazon. From an act of sabotage. I've been sent here to stop it. The intruder has already boarded the ship. Please, your lives depend on it. My name is Seven of Nine. I'm a member of your crew. Rather, I will be a member of your crew. [Relativity] SEVEN Three years six months and two days. Captain, when you take me from the Borg you are going to tell me that part of being human is learning to trust. Trust me now. Seven of Nine to Braxton. Respond. [Relativity] That would be unwise. I am pursuing the saboteur [2372 Corridor] With Captain Janeway's assistance. [Relativity]  Yes, sir. The intruder is in junction fifty two beta. I have located the saboteur. It's you, [Relativity] SEVEN Captain, I believe your future self is suffering from temporal psychosis. Relativity, he's escaped. [Relativity] Transport me to those coordinates. I am aware of the risks.  Thank you for your assistance. [2371 Corridor] Take cover! (Seven fires and misses.) Initiate transport. (Seven is beamed away as Janeway and Patterson arrive.) [Mess hall] Explain. Stop him. Your future depends on it. (She is beamed away.) [Relativity Bridge] I disabled his tricorder. He's trapped there. Seven of Nine is pursuing him. She is efficient. She will succeed. We've apprehended Braxton. How shall we proceed? I believe we've just prevented Voyager's destruction. We need your help. I can't make another jump without damaging myself. I look forward to it, or should I say, backward?
 I'm detecting no further technology on the planet surface. There are minute traces scattered across the northern continent. It spans a radius of two hundred kilometres. Evidently, we've discovered its function. Transport the device off the ship and destroy it before it harms anyone. Very well. Return it to the surface and deploy a warning buoy to alert other vessels. The device is extremely complex. One error and we'd risk detonation. Even if you were successful, we can't beam it far enough from the ship to escape the blast. Did he say where he got it?  I've studied the weapon's schematics. My nanoprobes can be adapted to disable its bioneural circuitry. However, I would need direct access to its primary control port. Approximately twenty seconds.  We've analysed the alien minefield and calculated the effect it would have on Voyager. We've reconfigured the sensor array to send it false telemetry. It will believe we're navigating a minefield. I intend to suffer third-degree plasma burns during our encounter with the mines. Commander Tuvok will be in position to disrupt the Doctor's programme. Once that happens, I will inject the nanoprobes and disable the weapon.
Yes, Captain.  I'm detecting close range weapons fire. Proton surges suggest two cloaked ships engaged in battle. [Bridge]  I have successfully downloaded the navigational logs from your vessel. You could have falsified your navigational logs. Commander Chakotay's face became flushed as he spoke with her. What does that signify?  I've downloaded data from our tactical logs. You can access it from this console. When you mentioned Commander Chakotay's name, she flushed. He did the same when he saw her. I suspect the Commander and Kellin are engaged in a courtship ritual. It seems an unnecessary and complicated precursor to the act of procreation. Explain. Why is that? But the end result is the same, is it not? Then I fail to see what is accomplished by all the talk. Obviously.(Kellin walks down corridors, clearly feeling that she is being followed. When she enters her quarters, there is a broken glass on the table.) [Chakotay's quarters]
Reschedule for tomorrow. I'm working now. Aesthetics are irrelevant. I'm modifying the alcove to function as a cortical processing sub-unit. Then I won't need to explain its purpose. Sub-unit. On Borg vessels, there's one in each Unimatrix. It downloads newly assimilated data to the drones. Voyager collects a great deal of information. Sensor scans, navigational projections, engineering updates, away team reports, scientific analyses. That, too. The crew must read and study this information. An inefficient procedure. These data nodes are downloading the information into the alcove. Precisely. In a matter of hours, I will assimilate several months worth of data. Your physiology is different from mine. I will see you tomorrow. Seven of Nine to Lieutenant Torres. Lieutenant Torres, respond. I must speak with you at once. [Bridge] A mating pair of photonic fleas, to be more accurate, and possibly their offspring. Last night, I downloaded six months of ship status reports into my new cortical sub-unit while I was regenerating. Eight weeks ago, an away team encountered a Kartelan freighter carrying supplies from sector four nine two, a territory that included a former Talaxian colony. Mister Neelix used the opportunity to acquire twelve kilograms of amber spice, a delicacy among his people. On the same day, Ensign Kim was repairing a replicator in the Mess hall. No doubt made with the amber spice, which contained the larvae of the photonic fleas. Because I also downloaded data regarding their life cycles. The larvae flew out of the spice jar in search of their primary source of nourishment, plasma particles. The conduits within the nearby sensor grid contain an unlimited supply of these particles. Ensign Kim had unwittingly given the creatures access by exposing the grid. The now mature creatures periodically tap into the conduit for nourishment. When they do, the sensor emitters momentarily lose their resolution. Perhaps not. The alien, Mister Tash, is trying to deceive us. His catapult is the same type of technology that was used to trap Voyager in the Delta Quadrant five years ago. Processing the same information and cross-referencing it with Voyager's database. When the catapult destabilised yesterday, Astrometric sensors recorded a momentary burst of epsilon radiation. Epsilon radiation is one the by-products of a tetryon reactor. According to your own entries in the database, your only encounter with that kind of technology occurred five years ago in the Alpha Quadrant. A coherent tetryon beam locked onto Voyager, and you were hit by a massive displacement wave, which pulled you across seventy thousand light years in a matter of minutes. The source of that tetryon beam was the Caretaker's array. Mister Tash claims that his catapult will be able to do something very similar. Out of concern for our safety. It's obvious he was trying to hide his tetryon reactor. There is another possibility. The reactor may have come from the same array that brought Voyager to the Delta Quadrant. Maybe not. Again, according to your own reports you believed the only way to keep the array from falling into the wrong hands was to destroy it. It's possible the destruction was incomplete. I wish to re-examine the sensor records from that event. Yes.  Computer, describe the debris remaining after the array was destroyed. Was there anything left of the tetryon reactor? Specify the yield of the tricobalt device. Who programmed the device? Display the detonation. Advance the image by point zero one seconds. Again. Isolate grid three seven and magnify. (There is a blue beam aiming at the array.)SEVEN:  Is that a tractor beam? Identify its source. Identify the isolated section of the array. Which contained a tetryon reactor.  Commander, I've been reviewing the data on the destruction of the Caretaker's array. Unfortunately, the sensor records are incomplete. A single Kazon vessel. Commander, you fired the tricobalt charge that destroyed the array. Under the Captain's orders. Did you also programme the charge? Under the Captain's orders as well? Twenty thousand teracochranes. According to sensor estimates of the array's hull integrity, a charge of half that yield would have been sufficient. Something may have escaped the blast. One of the tetryon reactors. The charge you detonated tore an opening in subspace. Yes. It was pushed there by a tractor beam. Perhaps. Thank you, Commander. [Mess hall] I require information. I'm attempting to determine whether the catapult technology was derived from the Caretaker's array. How long were you in the vicinity of the array before Voyager arrived? Did you ever encounter the Caretaker directly? According to Voyager's database, he claimed he was searching for a genetically compatible mate. Did you believe that explanation? What happened to them? Were there any other ships in the area after Voyager arrived? But the Caretaker could have pulled in another vessel. A cloaked ship, perhaps. A third ship, hidden from both Voyager and the Kazon. Preventing the tetryon reactor from being destroyed. Voyager's sensor logs were damaged in the Kazon attack. I can't be certain. Seven of Nine to Commander Chakotay. I require your assistance in the Astrometrics lab.  Computer, seal the doors. Deactivate all sensors within this room. I believe Voyager's presence in the Delta Quadrant is no accident. You and the crew have been stranded here intentionally. Captain Janeway. The Captain and Tuvok were involved in a Federation conspiracy. They're in collusion with the Caretaker and possibly the Cardassians. I believe they're attempting to establish a military presence in the Delta Quadrant. No species shall enter another quadrant for the purpose of territorial expansion. Improbable as it may sound, I've found compelling evidence to support my theory. I've analysed over thirty million teraquads of data regarding Voyager's activities over the past five years. It's quite clear that we've been the victim of an elaborate deception. In the months before Voyager's arrival, Neelix recorded the appearance of fifty two vessels, including this one. A remarkable coincidence. Only days before Voyager's arrival, the Cardassians were already in the Delta Quadrant. I'm familiar with the Caretaker's actions. In each instance, he would examine the crews' DNA, and when he failed to find a genetic match he would release the vessel. But in this instance, Neelix's sensors indicated the ship vanished. Obviously, it was returned to the Alpha Quadrant. Why? I believe the Cardassians were sent back to deliver strategic information regarding the Delta Quadrant. Extrapolation. There are precedents for unauthorised missions of this type, Commander. According to the Federation database, the Maquis were victims of several of them. At the same time the Cardassians were meeting with the Caretaker, your Maquis vessel was infiltrated with a Starfleet agent. Your navigator. He guided your ship to prearranged coordinates in the Badlands, where the Caretaker locked onto you. Once you were pulled into the Delta Quadrant, Tuvok could have secretly transmitted final instructions to the Caretaker. A short time later, Captain Janeway guided Voyager to the same coordinates and was also pulled into the Delta Quadrant. All of these events took place within a matter of days. I find that suspicious. Why did the Captain destroy the array? That's what she told the crew, but I believe she intended to remain in the Delta Quadrant all along. If the Array had remained intact, you and all the others would have insisted on using it to return home. The Captain ordered Commander Tuvok to destroy the array. He fired two tricobalt devices. Are those weapons normally carried on Federation Starships? Yet they were part of Voyager's arsenal. Why? I can. Neither phasers nor torpedoes are capable of creating a tear in subspace. A tricobalt device is. As Tuvok detonated the device, a cloaked ship locked on to one of the array's tetryon reactors and pushed it through the tear into subspace, protecting it from the blast and hiding it from Voyager's sensors. But the Captain and Tuvok knew exactly where it was going. Once Voyager left the area, the reactor was retrieved and began a similar journey, carried by a series of vessels until it was finally delivered to Mister Tash. He was waiting here for Voyager, and for the final phase of the mission. I don't think Captain Janeway is planning to use the catapult to get Voyager closer to home. I think she's going to use it to bring in more vessels from the Alpha Quadrant. If I'm correct, this region of space will soon be occupied by a Federation-Cardassian invasion force. Stardate 51008, Captain Janeway allows Kes to leave Voyager. Neelix told me that Kes had suspicions about the Caretaker. Was the captain trying to silence her? Stardate 51462, the Doctor's programme is transmitted to a Starfleet vessel on the outskirts of the Alpha Quadrant. An attempt by the Captain to contact Earth or a secret communiqué informing Starfleet of her progress? Stardate 50984, Janeway forges an alliance with the Borg. Stardate 51762, a cease-fire with the Hirogen. Stardate 52861, a non-aggression pact with the Terkellians. She called each incident diplomacy. I believe she was trying to establish a tactical infrastructure in the Delta Quadrant. Over the past five years, Captain Janeway has altered course two hundred sixty three times in the name of exploration. In reality, she was mapping the region and collecting strategic data regarding You still doubt my suspicions, but can you be certain I'm wrong? Until you are, you mustn't allow Captain Janeway to retain control of the catapult. [Bridge] Seven of Nine to Captain Janeway. I need to speak with you in the Astrometrics lab.  Computer, seal the door and deactivate internal sensors to this room. I believe Chakotay and other members of your crew are involved in a conspiracy to resurrect the Maquis rebellion. Voyager and the Federation itself are in grave danger. I've concluded that Chakotay intends to use the catapult to launch attacks against Cardassian and Federation starships. Improbable as it may sound, I found compelling evidence to support my theory. In the months before Voyager's arrival, Neelix recorded the sudden appearance of fifty two vessels, including this one. I've analysed the hull geometry and warp signature. It was one of the same ships that were pursuing Chakotay and his crew in the region known as the Badlands. It was pulled into the Delta Quadrant by the Caretaker during that engagement. According to Federation records, that same Cardassian warship was found destroyed in the Badlands. The investigation revealed that it was attacked by the Maquis. I believe that for some unknown reason the Caretaker had sent this ship back to the Alpha Quadrant, and that Commander Chakotay attacked the vessel before it could reach its destination. He downloaded its computer core and discovered the presence of the Caretaker's array. He realised that the array could be used by the Maquis as a weapon, to launch surprise attacks against Cardassian and Starfleet vessels. He does. Tuvok has been collaborating with the Maquis resistance all along. With Tuvok's assistance Chakotay plotted a course toward the next likely appearance of the Caretaker's displacement wave, offering his vessel as bait. His ploy almost succeeded, but the Caretaker was more powerful than he anticipated. His crew was taken captive. A few days later, Voyager arrived and facilitated their escape. Chakotay seized that opportunity to make one last attempt to gain control of the array, but then you gave the order to destroy it. Who carried out your order to destroy the array? Using what type of technology? He set the yield to twenty thousand teracochranes. It was enough to tear an opening in subspace. A cloaked ship locked on to one of the reactors, protecting it from the blast and hiding it from Voyager's sensors. The reactor was retrieved and carried by a series of vessels until it was delivered to Mister Tash, who was well compensated by Chakotay to build the catapult. He was waiting here for Voyager so Chakotay could complete the mission he was forced to abandon five years ago. Stardate 48658. Commander Seska is revealed to be a Cardassian spy. She defects to the Kazon and impregnates herself with Chakotay's DNA. Was he unaware of the procedure, as he claims, or were they working together, to create a new Kazon sect to capture Voyager? Stardate 49522. Chakotay recommends establishing trade relations with the Kolhari. Their technology uses tetryon power cells. A simple diplomatic overture, or was he seeking a source of energy for the catapult? Stardate 49571 [Corridor] Naomi Wildman. That's not your concern. Your father was Ktarian. The Ktarians were officially with the Federation, but they sympathised with the Maquis. Who are you working for, Chakotay or the Captain? Tell them it's too late. Go! [Cargo Bay two]  Your orders are irrelevant. I'm no longer under your command. You deceived me. I realised that, because I finally uncovered your true objective. Me. Stardate 32611, the Federation sends my parents to study the Borg Collective. They know my family will be assimilated. That was their intention. Stardate 48317, Voyager is sent to the Delta Quadrant with orders to retrieve me. When they reach Borg space, Captain Janeway negotiates an alliance with the Collective in exchange for information regarding species 8472. They agree to give her Seven of Nine. Stardate 51030, Janeway extracts the implants from my body to remove any knowledge I have of her agreement with the Borg. Stardate 53329, Captain Janeway finalises plans to use the catapult to deliver Seven of Nine to the Alpha quadrant, where Starfleet will dissect and analyse the drone to gather tactical data to fight the Borg. I won't allow you to complete your mission. If necessary I'll destroy the catapult, and myself. Your reasoning is flawed. My alcove is functioning perfectly. No. I don't believe you. It was Stardate 52842, oh six hundred hours in the mess hall. We had just finished breakfast. Naomi Wildman. Yes. My attempt to download Voyager's database failed. The alcove functioned within expected parameters. Unfortunately, I did not. Three books and ten reports is impressive, but quantity is less relevant than quality. You must be able to interpret the data and enjoy the process. Regardless, you require activities other than assimilating books and reports. A game of Kadis-kot, for example. Go to the mess hall and set up the board. I'll join you when I'm finished. [Janeway's quarters]
Explain. You are correct, I have been observing you. It's part of my research on human mating behaviour.  (Torres takes the PADD and reads.) There is no one on deck nine section twelve who doesn't know when you're having intimate relations. I haven't completed the study. I was careful not to violate protocols. You asked me to broaden my knowledge of human behaviour. I do not require a romantic relationship. None. This crew can be very efficient at disseminating information when they choose to be. Scientific curiosity. Is that an observation or a diagnosis? What is your proposed treatment? Dating. You mean procreation? One step at a time. The Captain would seem to agree. How shall I proceed? Doctor, I am familiar with the physiological processes of sexuality.  Our location? Hello. This is my first time. It is very quaint. Exactly as I've always pictured it. I don't require a liquid supplement at this time. This exercise is pointless. Perhaps there's something to be said for assimilation after all. Very well. (She takes a quick look at the EMH's script and goes over to a table.)SEVEN: Hello. May I buy you a drink? Seven of Nine, tertiary adjunct of. You may call me Seven. It's a Borg implant. I was a drone. Borg do not have families. They have unimatrices. Our small talk is terminated. I have mastered this exercise. We can proceed to the next. Elaborate. Regenerate. I dislike irrelevant conversations. Perfection. Music does have intriguing mathematical properties. A basic musical phrase in the major mode. I've done a preliminary study of the topic. The gift is from the Collective. A vocal subprocessor designed to facilitate the sonic interface with Borg transponders. You Are My Sunshine? The other night, dear, as I lay sleeping, I dreamed I held you in my arms. You'll never know, dear In a moment. The Doctor asked me to pick a suitable candidate. Lesson ten. The first date. I've narrowed the list to two crewmen, based on work performance and compatible interests. Neither did I, but apparently they include astronomy, quantum mechanics and music. You are not one of the candidates, Ensign. Ensign Bronowski, assigned to the Airponics bay. His work record is flawless and he plays the accordion. Lieutenant Chapman, Structural Engineering. We worked together on an away mission. He seemed efficient. [Jefferies tube] It is not. (Chapman bumps his head and drops the tool he is using down the shaft. Seven catches it.)SEVEN: I apologise, Lieutenant. I didn't mean to startle you. Your presence is required er, rather, it is requested, tonight. Nineteen hundred hours, holodeck two. Dinner. The consumption of nutritional biomatter. Yes. State your response. Please be punctual. A dropped tool can be a workplace hazard. Be more careful next time. [Sickbay] I have a date. (Later, the EMH is humming You Are My Sunshine when Paris enters.)PARIS: Sorry I'm late. I am. My appearance is sufficient. Is this more appropriate? How shall I choose? I am uncertain how to wear such a garment. Assist me. Thank you. You look beautiful as well. Where is our designated location? I requested your presence. Synthehol impairs my cortical function. Water will suffice. Proceed. Elaborate. I've never been on a date. As a result, I am experiencing anxiety as well. Server, report to this station. We require your assistance. (Later, the waiter brings the main course. Two whole lobsters.)CHAPMAN: Problem? This creature has an exoskeleton. I will replicate you a new garment. You wish to accelerate our social encounter. That activity is covered in lesson thirty five. I haven't reached it yet. As you wish.(They go to the small dance floor,and Chapman takes Seven's hands. She stares at the floor as he leads her around in a small square.) Relaxation would disrupt my chronographic sequencer. It allows me to maintain synchronous movement with the music. You are damaged. I have failed. I wish to terminate our social lessons. Dating is a poor means of interaction. There is far more efficiency in the way you and I communicate. We say what we mean, simply and directly. No. My first date was certainly short. Lesson Six, beguiling banter. Our lessons have disrupted my duties. My presence is not required. Lesson eleven, Life of the Party? Are you asking me on a date? Then I accept. Is my appearance sufficient? It's all right, Doctor. I believe he is merely engaging in small talk. May I get either of you gentlemen a drink? A well-crafted joke, Doctor. Very well. (She goes to the middle of the room and taps her glass.)SEVEN: Ladies and gentlemen, I require your attention. May cultural differences encourage us to build bridges of understanding. To all that makes us unique. (Applause.) Thank you. Win? You made a wager regarding me? Clarify. I believed your interest in my social development was sincere, not motivated by personal gain. Clearly I am not the only one who requires social lessons. Thank you for a lovely evening. (Tomin stops her leaving.) Remove your hand or I will remove your arm.  (Seven leaves.) It may be possible to encode some of my nanoprobes to assimilate the synthehol molecules. Nanoprobe extraction is an insignificant procedure. My systems will adapt. I accept your apology. Closer? Friends. Agreed. I should begin. Species rosa rubifolia. State your intention. You are my sunshine. You have developed romantic feelings for me. I wish to speak with you. Regarding? It's a medical tricorder. I enhanced its scanning resolution by thirty three percent. You once stated you desired a more efficient instrument. It is a gift. Lesson twenty two, Thanks for the Memories. Is it insufficient? I chose to convey my gratitude at this time because I no longer require your assistance. It's obvious there are no potential mates for me aboard this vessel. However, if I encounter a compatible individual in the future, I will again seek your guidance. You said you had something to tell me. You're welcome. (Seven leaves.)
It's time. Familiarising yourself with their culture will help you adapt.  We should deactivate the children's alcoves. They're a drain on Voyager's power reserves. Is there a problem? You're having an emotional response to the children's departure. They'll be fine. We should be happy for them. My ocular implant must be malfunctioning. [Sickbay] You're a hologram. You can't cry. Then your reaction was the result of a technological enhancement, just as mine was the result of a technological malfunction. Except that I was in complete control of my emotions. No. I've experienced an occasional headache. The malfunctions have not affected my work. If it'll make you feel better, I'll be more forthcoming in the future. I'd prefer to keep this between us. I don't want to worry the Captain. It was my understanding that all members of this crew have the right to doctor-patient confidentiality. I can assign you additional diagnostics. You don't have the proper training. Your plan is ambitious. I believe I've already assimilated enough Starfleet training. I'll speak to her. (Something moves under the skin of Seven's right hand. She covers it with her left.)SEVEN: I have work to complete in the Cargo bay. Can you finish here?  Computer, initiate regeneration cycle. Why? Run a diagnostic of alcove zero one. Initiate regeneration cycle. Clarify. I was just leaving. What time is it? I was unable to regenerate. My alcove is malfunctioning. I didn't want to wake her. Nutritional supplements. I thought they would compensate. It's a mixture of metabolic enzymes and protein extract. That won't be necessary. I think I'll take your advice and wake Lieutenant (Seven collapses. Some skin peels back from her face to reveal metal, and she starts to convulse.) The node is destabilising. When you've disconnected implants in the past, I've always adapted. And without my cortical node to regulate them, I'll die. I think I've been sufficiently observed. The node will correct itself. The technology is too complex. They wouldn't have. Trying to repair a node would be a futile exercise. The Borg would simply replace it. [Bridge] Why are you here? I'm fine. That's not your concern. You have work to complete. Report to Astrometrics. Then I'll assign you more. (The EMH comes out of his office.) I wish to be alone. Your filing system is inefficient. I'm implementing a new one. Thank you. I'll admire them later. Correct. Green. I prefer the green pieces. You'll use red. They should have finished the simulation by now. Don't you have more important duties to attend to? Despite what the Doctor told you, I feel perfectly fine. Kadis-kot. Sixteen to two. Are you ready to proceed? (Neelix leaves.) They'll fail. With your permission I'd like to return to my duties. Captain? Are you going to tell him where I am? Thank you. Lieutenant. When you die, do you believe your spirit will go to Sto-Vo-Kor? According to the Doctor's simulations, any attempt to adapt the salvaged node will fail. Sto-Vo-Kor, Lieutenant. Do you believe you'll go there? But you do believe there's something after death? The Borg have no concept of an afterlife. However, when a drone is deactivated, its memories continue to reside in the Collective's consciousness. As long as the hive exists, so will a part of that drone. My link to the Collective has been severed for nearly four years. If I die, everything that I have accomplished in that time, everything I achieved as an individual, will be lost. My memories, my experiences. It will be as if they, as if I never existed. Have you devised a new treatment? Then it's best that I don't distract you from finding one. What I want is to be useful. Thank you.(Seven puts on the monitor and returns to her work.) [Astrometrics lab] My condition is unchanged. I've spoken to the Captain about your desire to apply to Starfleet Academy. She's agreed to administer the entrance exam before we send the next datastream to Earth. (She hands him a PADD.) It's a list of crewmen who can help you study. Lieutenant Torres is extremely well-versed in warp mechanics. Ensign Kim claims to have aced the quantum theory section. You know more about Astrometrics than most Starfleet officers. I'll ask Lieutenant Paris to set aside some time. You've become too dependent on me. You must learn to rely on others. What you want is irrelevant. I am dying. I'm sorry. It's an impressive geological formation. Bloomington, Indiana. Your home town. You've mentioned it on several occasions. It appears to be a pleasant environment. It's more likely this crew will reach Earth without me. You refuse to acknowledge the severity of my condition, just as I did at first. I'm merely accepting reality. Minus several members of your crew. (Seven displays the list of deceased crewmembers.)SEVEN: Ensign Marie Kaplan, Ensign Lindsay Ballard, Crewman Timothy Lang. Every person on this list died under your command. You accepted their deaths. But I don't believe you'll accept mine. I'm not being egotistical. On the contrary, I'm trying to make a point. All of these crew members came to Voyager with unique personalities, but I've required your constant assistance to develop my individuality. But not far enough. I've disappointed you. You feel your task is incomplete. That's why my death will be difficult for you to accept. Clearly, I haven't. But I want you to know that the failure has been mine, not yours. No matter how many precautions you take, it's not worth the risk to Icheb. I'm not willing to extend my life at the cost of yours. As long as there is any chance you won't survive, the data is irrelevant. I'd like to return to Sickbay now. No, thank you. Are you offering me my last meal? I was attempting to lighten the mood. He's persistent. What's wrong with him? You have to reconnect his node immediately. This debate is pointless. I won't accept the node. You're acting like a child. Only because you've grown too dependent on me. Yes. Captain, he's just a child. Doctor! How long have I been regenerating? Icheb? [Sickbay] Has he suffered any permanent damage? Pain I caused him. I expect the same from you. I suggest you get as much rest as you can. You're going to need it. I've decided to help you prepare for the Astrometrics portion of the Academy exam. You can expect a rigorous and gruelling schedule. (A tear rolls down her cheek.) Yes?
Dreaming is an accurate description. Four times. The Borg value efficiency, not redundancy. Their shields are down. Life support is failing on at least three decks. They're charging weapons. Their weapons are offline. Shields are down. They're retreating. Go ahead.  Main power has been restored. All stations responding. What about Starfleet policy? Wait. I'm detecting three alien vessels in orbit. Online. Why have you brought these items aboard? We'll only be on this vessel for a few days. Decorating is an inefficient use of your time. I'll discuss it with her the moment we return. I asked Terek to make a course correction. I believe he's capable of doing it himself. [Kraylor ship - Bridge] It's destabilising the cloak. Perhaps we could run a diagnostic before we I've discovered a serious flaw in one of the ship's systems. The captain. The captain's main function is to issue orders, correct? And the crew's function is to support the captain and carry out those orders. Every time you give an order, you carry it out yourself. And when someone else makes a suggestion, you dismiss it. When you first came aboard Voyager, did Captain Janeway help you? By doing your work for you? Because she felt you were more capable than she was? Interesting. [Kraylor ship - Bridge]  Go ahead. [Kraylor ship - Bridge]  The primary generator has failed. I'm trying to (An explosion knocks her out.) Well enough to return to duty. They mutinied. We're not neutral parties. We've been involved since you first fired on that Annari ship. Don't they still need your help? Are you abandoning this ship because the mission wasn't what you expected, or because being a captain wasn't what you expected? Are you? Clearly, you're uncomfortable with the role, delegating tasks, giving orders. You can't blame yourself for that. People sometimes die on missions, despite the captain's best efforts. A holodeck programme can be turned off when it no longer suits you. Reality can't. If you really feel responsible for this crew, you'll help them get home, because they won't survive without you. [Kraylor ship - Bridge] We're losing structural integrity on the lower decks. It's insufficient. The escape pods are away. They've locked on. Shields are failing. Shields are down. The Annari have broken off their pursuit.
Seven of Nine to Chakotay. Report to the Astrometrics lab at once. It was. I've been working to increase the range of the astrometric sensors, and I have detected something that you should find of particular interest. I've analysed the warp signature. It's a Starfleet vessel. The ship we're seeing is in the Alpha Quadrant. No, but I increased the range far enough to detect a large network of relay stations. They're alien in origin, abandoned but still functioning. By establishing a sensor link with the nearest station I'm getting readings from the entire network. The Starfleet ship is within range of one of the farthest sensors near the outer edges of the Alpha Quadrant. I've extrapolated it's course. The ship should move out of range in forty one minutes. Yes, but we'll have to remodulate our signal to match the network's interlink frequency. I'm sending you the interlink frequencies. [Bridge] Sixteen minutes.  I don't understand. My readings show that the station picked up our message and relayed it across the entire network. [Bridge] The signal is being relayed. No sign of interference. [Astrometrics lab]  Wait. It's being deflected back again. [Bridge] JANEWAY I have a possible explanation, Captain. [Astrometrics lab]  As our carrier wave moves along the network, it may be degrading. [Bridge] We have less than ninety seconds before that ship moves out of range. Thirty five seconds. JANEWAY: Doctor? Ten seconds.  Lieutenant Torres. You are recalibrating the relay interface. State your reasons for making these modifications. I don't understand. I was Borg. I elicit apprehension. I am rude? Your attempt to recalibrate the interface is ill-advised. The risk of disrupting our link is too great. No. We're receiving a transmission from the relay station. The link has been severed. [Prometheus Ready room] I generated a feedback surge along our sensor link. It was a mild shock. He will recover. He wasn't responding to diplomacy. Yes, Captain. Thank you. [Sickbay]  I'm receiving a transmission through the sensor network. Origin, the Alpha Quadrant. Yes.
A sensor analysis would have provided the necessary information. The conference begins in less than an hour. Some kind of energy barrier directly below us. It spans thousands of square kilometres. Uncertain. It has an unusual tetrion signature. Species three one two used a similar technology. There’s a power surge coming from the barrier. They’re creating some kind of feedback. We’ve lost impulse engines. The warp core is offline. It’s affecting all our systems. We can’t transport through the barrier. Transfer auxiliary power to the weapons array. If I can realign our phasers to the correct frequency, I may be able to open a rift. Phasers reconfigured.(Chakotay fires the phaser and flies the shuttlecraft through the resulting hole. They lose the nacelles as they go through, and beam out as the shuttlecraft tumbles to the ground.) [Jungle] The barrier’s closed again. (Chakotay's leg has been cut. He can barely walk on it.) SEVEN: I should examine you. You have a hairline fracture. I’m detecting shuttle debris scattered over several square kilometres. If we can find the right components, we may be able to construct a beacon. Send a distress signal. Maybe. We wouldn’t be stranded at all if you hadn’t insisted on admiring the view. [Delta Flyer] (Paris pilots the Flyer to an orbital platform.)PORT Indigenous wildlife, perhaps. Ledosian? Unless they’re hostile. I suggest you rest your leg while I investigate. Obviously they can’t help us. This isn’t an anthropological mission, Commander. You’re developing an infection. You should rest. I’ll contact you if I find anything useful. You said we were supposed to avoid interaction. You should have tried to contact me. You hid your comm. badge? I suggest we leave before they break anything else. What are you suggesting? Commander. Did you make a favourable exchange? I may have found a way of communicating. I detected it six kilometres from here. I believe it's intact. I'll go. Then the deflector should be approximately here. I'm still trying to limit our contact with these people. And watch me construct a tetrion-based signalling device. Identify yourself. (The girl comes and puts a blanket over Seven's shoulders, May I see those? (Chakotay arrives with the man.) I need your tricorder. I lost mine. There’s a strong magnetic field here that’s preventing me from generating a deflector beam. But the field drops off approximately four point eight kilometres in that direction. Not through the barrier, but I may be able to neutralise it by generating a dampening field with our deflector. Some of them could help us. Do I detect a change in attitude, Commander? What’s the alternative? Staying here? Allowing them to find all of the debris? If we neutralise the barrier, Voyager can transport us and our technology off the surface. Unlikely. Once the deflector is deactivated the barrier should reinitialise. Yes, Captain. Lock on to Commander Chakotay. I need more time. Someone’s been injured. She requires medical attention. I believe I can treat her. A medkit would be useful. Would you like some breakfast? I’m not hungry either. (The girl touches the metal on Seven's hand.)SEVEN: I admire your curiosity, but you should be more careful. It’s time for me to Explain your presence here. Who are you? What kind of expedition are you leading? Potential for what? What about the people who live here? How? Isn’t it possible the Ledosians will improve the lives of the Ventu? They’re intelligent people. Exposure to education and technology may give them better opportunities. No, I can’t. I’m uncertain. When Commander Chakotay and I first encountered the Ventu, I found them primitive, of little interest to me. But as I spent time with them, I came to realise that they’re a resourceful, self-reliant people. Their isolation may limit their potential, but if that isolation ends, so will a unique way of life. [Bridge] AMBASSADOR I have a lock on the deflector assembly. Take it if you'd like. I don't need it. I'd like to Please, continue. For what? As a matter of fact, I wanted to thank you for that. I was, but you were right. Warp Mechanics can be studied any time. The Ventu, on the other hand. I'm concerned for their well-being. That's not what I mean. Members of the Ledosian expedition had the opportunity to scan my deflector modifications. In time, they may find a way to duplicate our technology and remove the barrier themselves. If I'd never made those modifications As am I. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I've determined why we've been having difficulties. What are you doing? Those systems aren't compatible. You'll depolarise the relays. You've overloaded the transceiver. Starfleet never mentioned you in any of the previous datastreams. We should discuss the possibility of applying Borg technology to Starfleet's plan. It could increase our chances of success.  When a Borg Cube enters a transwarp conduit, it's subject to extreme gravimetric shear. To compensate, the Borg project a structural integrity field ahead of the Cube. By modifying Voyager's deflector, we may be able to do the same. Begin repairs to Voyager. Even with the structural integrity field, it's likely the ship will suffer significant damage. Are you implying that I'm superfluous? I won't be attending any of those events. When I first arrived on Voyager, it was difficult for the crew to accept me. I'm anticipating a similar welcome on Earth. That's difficult to believe. I was Borg. Fame is irrelevant. If you think my participation in the hoopla would be beneficial to others, then I'll comply. [Pathfinder lab] We're ready to bring the enhanced shielding online. The fold contains three radiation types we didn't account for. The shield modifications are not enough. If the shields fail, the inoculations will be irrelevant. Astrometrics to the bridge.
I'm working. Efficiency is relative, Commander. If I shut down Astrometrics, I won't be able to scan for new fuel sources. Conventional scanners would not have found this. Highly concentrated deuterium. Computer, display source. A planetoid point four light-years from our present position. There are dense pockets of deuterium just beneath the surface. Demon class? Our situation is desperate. When faced with desperate circumstances, we must adapt. Captain's log, supplemental. I've ordered adaptations to our shields to repel the thermionic discharges. Hoping that the benefits will outweigh the risks, we're now trying to beam deuterium from beneath the planet's surface. [Transporter room]  Narrow the annular confinement beam to point four seven terahertz. Ready here, Captain. [Bridge]  Energise. Transport in progress.(As the container fills, the transporter console explodes.) [Bridge]  Controls not responding. [Bridge] I thought I heard something. Demon implies a presence. This planetoid is unoccupied. It's unlikely their environmental suits were able to survive the elements for this long. My tricorder isn't picking up any lifesigns. How did you reach that conclusion? As you wish. Commander! (Seven tries to pull Chakotay to safety, then other hands join in the effort. Paris is not wearing an environmental suit.) His vital signs are normal. Apparently he has adapted.  Each square kilometre of this planetoid is less appealing than the last. Breathtaking? Perhaps your recent experience has impaired your perceptions. Would you care to point out an example? I see monochromatic geological formations, dust, haze. I'm picking up humanoid lifesigns. One hundred metres this way. [Science lab] Just barely.
Nothing of relevance. His neural pathways are still fluctuating. Captain, this is Seven of Nine. Please report to Astrometrics at once. [Astrometrics lab]  The Borg have been aware of this phenomenon for many years. It is a zone where the law of physics are in a state of flux. Chaotic space. Chaotic space appears randomly and unexpectedly. The Borg have observed it throughout the galaxy. No doubt some have. Borg vessels are more advanced, but only one Cube has survived an encounter with Chaotic space. The problem is here. Changes in the gravitational coefficient will cause sudden shear forces against our hull. Shields will protect us, but only for a time. Unknown. Stand by. I've applied ten thousand fifty three algorithms to the energy signatures produced by Chaotic space. There is a pattern. Observe. An isolinear frequency. I haven't located the source. It may be natural. A star or quasar that's managed to survive in chaotic space. Possibly. All of them, with no success. Captain? Is here. Is here. Chaotic space. Strange Chaotic space.
There's triaxialating signal encoded in it. I believe your ego has received enough stroking for one day. [Sickbay] (Enter the EMH, whistling.) A solar flare is scattering the beam. It's already at maximum. (Transmission lost.) You'll have another opportunity to speak with them in approximately two months. No. Lieutenant, thirty seconds. How to dance. Eventually, he showed me how to express romantic interest. [Pathfinder lab] SEVEN  When you sing happy birthday to your mother, try to stay in tune. An isolinear chip entitling the bearer to three minutes of comm. time tomorrow. You made it clear how important it was to finish your conversation. I understand why you did. I've been observing the crew interacting with their families over the past few days. It's become clear to me how meaningful that communication can be. Why not? My parents were assimilated. My father has a sister on Earth. Irene Hansen. I experienced some apprehension myself. That must have been inconvenient for you. I'm very fond of strawberries. I didn't realise I'd eaten them as a child. I'm sorry if I insulted you. Perhaps I shouldn't have called.
This distress call was transmitted approximately fourteen hours ago Three point two light years. Perhaps it's searching for Voyager. I've got their coordinates. Heading two five eight mark twelve. Did you know this individual? Species six two nine one. The Collective determined that they were extinct. I look forward to meeting him as well, and his crew. I wish to expand my knowledge of humanity. Interspatial fissure are opening on decks ten, six and one. No sign of them. State your name. The answer is complicated. Your limbs are intact. Do not be frightened. We'll be in the Astrometrics lab. Deck eight, section twenty nine.  I've run a thermographic analysis of our shields. It revealed multiple stress points. We believe they're the result of alien attempts to infiltrate our vessels. Each time a fissure opens within a metre of our shields it weakens them by point three percent. According to your bio-scans the aliens can survive in our realm for only several seconds. If we can show them we have the ability to hold them here, they'll think twice before launching another attack. Crewman Lessing. I didn't expect you to recover so quickly. The Doctor is efficient.  We've examined the schematics of your multiphasic chamber. It can be adapted. We intend to create an auto-initiating security grid. Once we modify our field generator to emit multiphasic frequencies, it will power the security grids on both ships.  There's a minor fluctuation in the security grid. I believe I can correct it. The discrepancy is in the Equinox research lab. If we can determine the exact frequency of their multiphasic chamber, I will tune our field generator to match it. This is odd. The lab is still permeated with high levels of thermionic radiation. I believe I have an explanation. Three EPS conduits have been rerouted to the lab. It appears they are emitting the radiation. [Ready room] Several hours.  That function was not specified in their schematics. [Equinox Research lab] The schematics are encrypted. I can't access them. Proceed. On the contrary. You've taught me a great deal. [Equinox Sickbay] I've dismantled the antimatter injectors, but I'll need several minutes to neutralise the dilithium matrix. [Bridge] Understood. [Corridor] State your intentions. I'd prefer the brig. You would be an inferior role model. Her only mistake was trusting you. I'm familiar with human banter. Yours is crude and predictable. We are captives. No. Doctor. Doctor. You are obviously delusional. Allow me to repair your programme. No. Your compassion is irrelevant. No choice. You say that frequently. You destroy lifeforms to attain your goals, then claim that they left you no choice. Does that logic comfort you? You'll have to destroy me to obtain them. (Ransom nods and leaves. The EMH resumes his song.) Clementine. Dreadful sorry, Clementine. And her shoes were number nine. Sandals were for Clementine. Understood. Your programme was altered. Perhaps you should enhance your programme with security protocols. It will prevent such tampering in the future. When I'm done regenerating, I will assist you. You were off-key. My Darling Clementine, third verse, second measure. Your vocal modulations deviated by point three zero decihertz. I can assist you with that as well. I look forward to it. [Briefing room]
Establishing a lock on three life signs. That impact damaged the transporters. I'm losing annular confinement. I only got one of them. Negative. The geostratum is too dense.
An inefficient plan.
The fault was her own. She was careless with her thoughts. The result was violence. Then her crime was ignorance. A common affliction among your crew. You make contact with alien species without sufficient understanding of their nature. As a result, Voyager's directive to seek out new civilisations often ends in conflict. Your goal is to share knowledge. Assimilation is the perfect means of attaining that goal. I must speak with you. I prefer to stand. You once encouraged me to express my opinions if I had something relevant to say. You wish to return this vessel to the Alpha Quadrant, and yet you are following Starfleet protocol regarding first contact. The two objectives are incompatible. Your philosophy of exploration exposes Voyager to constant risk. If you maintain a direct course to Earth and avoid all extraneous contact with alien species, it will increase your chances of survival. Captain? Your Chief Engineer and Security Officer were nearly lost today. That is unacceptable. But that is irrelevant. Then we are in disagreement.
What are you talking about, Lieutenant? I think not. Hull and thruster reinforcements are complete. We will not need them. This vessel is equipped with a complete sensor array. Active. Corrosion resistant alloys, variable density ballast. An efficient design. The hull contracting. I'm detecting multiphasic energy discharges bearing zero one two mark six. Range twelve kilometres. A structure. Upload in progress (The Flyer shudders and an alarm sounds.). You are about to have the opportunity to make a detailed study. And significantly more powerful. That last discharge exceeded five hundred thousand volts. Targeting forward phasers. I do not intend to. Unfortunately the creature does not seem to be of a similar opinion. Firing phasers. The creature is retreating. We can reduce our density by venting plasma and transporting all non-essential equipment off the ship. It will take time, but we will eventually rise to the surface. It is in my nature to comply with the Collective. [Bridge] A gravimetric discharge. The reactor's core is unstable. I believe so, but it would be a temporary solution.
Yes. We must move quickly. The vessel is on the verge of a complete Is there a problem? You seem uncomfortable taking orders from me. Doesn't like me. Yes, I am aware of that. However, the Captain left me in charge during Lieutenant Torres' absence. Her feelings about me are irrelevant. Activate the interface transceiver. Begin the download. It's disrupting the interface transceiver. Re-initialise. Red alert. [Bridge] SEVEN  We're trying. [Bridge] We've been reviewing data on the Cardassian occupation of Bajor. The alleged site of Moset's crimes. He was purchasing biochemical agents, including every known strain of the Fostossa virus. Prior to that date there had not been a single case in the entire province. It is curious. The Borg are accused of assimilating information with no regard for life. This Cardassian did the same, and yet his behaviour was tolerated. [Holodeck - Moset's lab]
The torpedo detonated near the power matrix. It caused a chain reaction. No effect. The field regulator is fused. When a Borg vessel is critically damaged, all of its vital technology self-destructs. The coil is beyond repair. Captain. Datanodes. One of them is a drone manifest, the other contains tactical information. Long range sensor telemetry, assimilation logistics and vessel movements for a radius of thirty light years. I'll need to convert the information to Starfleet parameters. Two hours. Your apology is irrelevant. It is impossible to offend a mindless drone.(Neelix delivers the beers, which have massive foam heads on them.)  I was able to recover sixty two percent of the data. This is an isogrid of Borg tactical movements across twenty five sectors. There are three Cubes approximately nine light years away, travelling on a trajectory parallel to our own. They do not pose a threat. It's a scout ship, eight light years away, travelling at warp two. The ship is heavily damaged. No. An ion storm. The Sphere is presently regenerating. That explains why it is travelling at low warp. In a manner of speaking. Your plan is ambitious. There are many variables. But it can succeed. The information is irrelevant. Three. My parents were assimilated. Obviously their tactics were flawed. No. The information belongs to me. I will read it. [Cargo Bay two] Yes. The Hansens were exobiologists. They were misguided. On my way. [Bridge] Their weapons array is regenerating, but shields and transwarp drive are still offline. Approximately seventy two hours. We were efficient. The Hansens. They were able to remain inside a Borg cube for several hours without being detected. I'm not certain. Yes, Captain. It was a holodeck recreation. Your point. The last time I was on a Borg vessel, I was a drone. The recreation was unsettling. I'll adapt. You doubt my ability to function. They are unjustified. Understood. [Cargo Bay two] Where is your mother? Very well. What did? Elaborate. Nightmares are caused by irrational fear. They're not real. They can't damage you. Try to ignore it. A transwarp coil. Yes. We will succeed. Naomi Wildman, you agreed not to bother me. You will terminate this line of questioning. Return to your quarters immediately. Seven of Nine to Security. Intruder alert. Who are you? This is a dream. I知 regenerating. If that's true, then why haven't you assimilated them? Why me?  It prevented the Borg from detecting them. They referred to it as a bio-dampener. The device creates a field around the body, which simulates the physiometric conditions within a Borg vessel. Precisely. The Hansens were resourceful. It was merely an observation. My parents underestimated the Collective. They were destroyed. Because of their arrogance, I was raised by Borg. Captain's log, supplemental. Operation Fort Knox is ready to proceed. All departments are standing by and I've given the order to begin at oh six hundred hours. [Ready room] No. One day. Captain? I should be on the away team. You may encounter unexpected obstacles. Forcefields, encryption codes. I'm the only member of this crew who can anticipate them. And you underestimate the Borg. Your concern is unwarranted. The past several days have been difficult. But I must join the away team, and I assure you I will not make another mistake. If I don't go, this mission will fail. I know the Borg. Over the past two years, I have become familiar with the individuals on this vessel. Voyager is my Collective now. Your survival is important to me. I am willing to risk my own well-being if it increases our chances of success. Assign me to the away team. Please. (Janeway nods.) Thank you. No. The shuttle would be perceived as a threat and they'd destroy it. Proceed.KIM: Primary shield generator. Got it. No. I wish to stay. I intend to rejoin the Collective. You have no choice. Go! Then you will be assimilated. (Janeway shoots an approaching drone, then runs. Two drones flank Seven.)TUVOK: They can see us. The Borg have changed as well. I expected re-assimilation, not conversation. My humour is my own. My experience will add to your perfection. That is why you removed me from Voyager. Explain. My visual cortex. It's been altered. Remove it. I prefer to remain unique. You've expended significant resources to capture me. Why? While I was regenerating, you assimilated my memories. Then you already possess all of my knowledge. What more do you want? I will resist. What's happening? State our purpose. How many lifeforms? I have familiarised myself with the species. Their vessels lack manoeuverability. They've developed a modulating phaser pulse that can penetrate our shields. You are the Borg. You tell me. Triaxillate our shield geometry to absorb their phaser pulses. Regarding? Three hundred thousand individuals have been transformed into drones. Should they be congratulated as well? Comforting words. Use them next time instead of resistance is futile. You may elicit a few volunteers. I will not take pleasure in the destruction of a race. Not to me. My thoughts are my own. Neither. There are only four lifeforms and the vessel is heavily damaged. It would be an inefficient use of our resources. We should ignore it. Release the vessel. Let them go. Please. (The little ship is released.) SEVEN: I thought compassion was irrelevant. MAGNUS Your technology has changed since I left the Collective. My knowledge is insufficient. You intend to detonate a biogenic charge in Earth's atmosphere. Inefficient. The virus would take years to proliferate. To you, perhaps. Part of me is still human. I will not assist in their destruction. I am an individual. Proceed, if you wish. I am Annika Hansen. Human. You attacked us. You murdered my family. Papa. Captain. Nothing. If you've captured their vessel, you've assimilated them by now. I would sense their presence in the Collective. Captain Janeway is eluding you. [Delta Flyer] No! She's adapting. Captain, target the power node directly above this alcove. It will disrupt her command interface. Our thoughts are one.(Janeway shoots at the node, and she and Seven are beamed away.) [Delta Flyer] They're trying to lock on with a tractor beam. I've re-polarised the shields. It's being deflected. Captain? I will comply when my work is completed. During my time at Unimatrix One I acquired a vast amount of knowledge. It may prove useful in our future encounters with the Borg. I am downloading it into Voyager's database. The Borg believed I was unique, that I understood humanity. They were obviously mistaken. I betrayed the crew of Voyager, threatened you with assimilation. I did not expect you to return for me. When I am finished. Yes, Captain.
Doctor. Another time. State your request. I will assist you, in one hour. Activate him. (The EMH is activated in his office.) I'm here to assist you, as I agreed. I've run a preliminary diagnostic of your programme. Your suspicions were correct. You don't recall speaking to me in the Astrometrics lab one hour ago. You mentioned a neurosurgery you performed on Ensign Kim eighteen months ago. A deletion in your short term memory buffer. Doctor? I'm detecting residual photons in the holo-buffer. It may be possible to partially reconstruct the images. I've restored five images. They are degraded but intact. Do you remember this? I've never seen her before. (Next, a threesome in a shuttlecraft.)  I've isolated your memory files from stardate 50979. No. The programme was rewritten to deny you access to those memories. I'm trying to restore them. [Memory - Mess hall]  What happened? The files are difficult to localise. The memories will be out of sequence. [Memory - shuttlecraft] One moment. [Memory - Mess hall] They are unknown to the Borg. An intruder may be on board. Doctor? Lieutenant Torres requires a copy of your most recent memory files, including the backups. My alcove is functioning properly. I am having trouble with the nature of individuality. Tomorrow will be too late. We'll have already rewritten the Doctor's programme by then. Precisely. Your conclusion is wrong. He would disagree. The risk isn't yours to take. It would depend on the situation. When you separated me from the Collective, I was an unknown risk to your crew, yet you kept me on board. You allowed me to evolve into an individual. And you allowed that hologram to evolve as well, to exceed his original programming. And yet now you choose to abandon him. It is unsettling. You say that I am a human being and yet I am also Borg. Part of me not unlike your replicator. Not unlike the Doctor. Will you one day choose to abandon me as well? I have always looked to you as my example, my guide to humanity. Perhaps I've been mistaken. Good night. [Medical lab] You require a philosophical discussion? I had no choice. JANEWAY; That's not what I asked you. If I could change what happened, erase what you did to me, would I? No. Captain's log, supplemental. Our Doctor is now our patient. It's been two weeks since I've ordered a round the clock vigil. A crew member has stayed with him at all times, offering a sounding board and a familiar presence while he struggles to understand his memories and thoughts. The chance of recovery? Uncertain. [Holodeck]
Annoyed. In the future you will announce your presence before entering this room. Are we ready to leave? It's an astronomical survey, nothing more. What is your function on this mission? This isn't shore leave. There will be no time for recreational activities. Lieutenant? Perhaps you should design a new shuttle. Larger, more efficient. I'm reading plasma surges off the port bow. (A red nebula bursts into existance.) I'm busy. Another plasma surge. That remains to be seen. The proximity transceiver in my cranial implant has been activated. That could indicate a Borg presence nearby. Perhaps the nebula is masking a vessel. It is possible. Very well. My proximity transceiver activated again. [Bridge] How many drones? I will join him. This technology resembles a Borg maturation chamber, but many of the components are unfamiliar. He was punctured by an extraction tubule. It removed a tissue sample. There are residual nanoprobes surrounding the wound. Their encoding sequences are identical to my own. I don't know. I will be recognised as Borg. (She steps through the forcefield, and opens an iris to see inside the chamber.) A drone, but unlike any I've ever seen. I don't understand. The Borg assimilate. They do not reproduce in this fashion. (Later, the Captain has arrived. We see from the foetus' perspective.) I believe it was created here in the science lab. When the away team beamed back to Voyager there was a transporter malfunction. Our patterns merged briefly. It is possible that some of my nanoprobes infected the Doctor's mobile emitter. Yes. (Back to a normal view inside the lab.) Nanoprobes are encoded to utilize any technology they encounter. Once it assimilated the emitter, it began to transform this diagnostic station. When Ensign Mulchaey entered the room, they sampled his DNA. Its maturation rate is twenty five times that of a conventional Borg. Yes, Captain. [Astrometrics lab]  I've adapted the Astrometrics sensors to penetrate the Borg forcefield. An hour ago it was. The drone has entered the fourth phase of gestation. In human terms, it is a child of six years. Stand by. [Sickbay] The nanoprobes must have extrapolated that technology. It could explain his unique design. The emitter has been adapted to serve as part of his central nervous system. It controls all autonomic functions. No. I have dampened it's proximity transceiver. The drone possesses superior technology. It will fully mature in less than two hours. However, its Borg shielding is not yet active. We can still terminate it, but we must act quickly. It awaits instructions from the Collective. Correct. Captain. If we fail, if the drone were to be assimilated the Collective would become far more powerful. The situation is different. I am to instruct the drone in the ways of humanity. Maturation cycle is complete. (The drone disconnects from its tubes and steps down.) Designation is irrelevant. You are not part of the Collective. You are an individual. You will receive your instructions from me. You must comply. My designation is Seven of Nine, tertiary adjunct of Unimatrix zero one. You may call me Seven of Nine. You will comply with my commands. Yes. We are not Borg. We are individuals. Do you understand? The drone's responses are programmed. It doesn't understand what I'm saying. I must initiate a direct neural interface. There is no other way for me to communicate with it. You will not be harmed. Resistance is futile. (It steps forward again. Seven projects a pair of tubules into its neck.) I am providing it with instructions. It understands. (It grabs her wrist.) The drone is probing my neural pathways. It is trying to assimilate all of my knowledge. I cannot disengage the link. (Tuvok's phaser is ineffective.) Terminate interface! You must comply. You are hurting me. Seven of Nine to Neelix. Report to the Science lab immediately. Bring the first datanode. We've complied information into this datanode for you to assimilate. You will, but first you must assimilate this data. Come here. Comply! Give me your arm. Inject the datanode with an assimilation tubule. This access port. Yes. Yes. This is a ship of exploration. You are a unique individual. One of many on Voyager. This is not a Borg Collective. Do you understand? Precisely. Not yet. Your neural pathways require time to process the information. You will need to regenerate soon. I will adapt one of the alcoves in our Cargo Bay to your technology. Take the drone to the Doctor for medical analysis. Go with him. (The drone follows Seven instead.) All members of this crew must report to the Sickbay for evaluation. When I am finished here, I will join you. [Corridor]  Deck eleven, section thirty two, main Engineering. That is the Correct. Lieutenant B'Elanna Torres, Chief Engineer. Klingon human hybrid. She possesses extensive knowledge of this vessel's systems as well as a volatile temperament. Our presence here is authorised. The Captain asked me to familiarise the drone with Voyager. He requested a designation. One seemed appropriate. Mister Neelix. They've been spending time together. Thank you. He is adapting quickly. He's been expressing curiosity about the Borg. Yes. The lure of perfection is powerful, Captain. He may be tempted to seek out the Borg. That would pose a grave tactical risk. It is also where I regenerate. You will reside here with me. You have assimilated enough for one day. You've also provided invaluable assistance to the Voyager crew. You have exceeded expectations. A simple thank you would suffice. A customary expression of gratitude. I paid you a compliment. We must regenerate. Correct. We must regenerate. Step into the alcove. No, you must face outward. Computer, activate regeneration cycle. Alcoves beta and gamma. Yes. We must regenerate. (Lights blinks on One's collar.) [Borg Sphere] Captain? You contacted the Collective. It appears your cranial implants have adapted and created a secondary transceiver. Precisely. Have you detected any vessels? Time to intercept? Yes. Correct. Their neural pathways are restructured and linked to a single collective mind, the Hive. Their bodies are augmented with cybernetic technology. They become drones. My link to the Collective was severed. Yes. Voyager is my Collective. You are experiencing an emotion. Anxiety. It is only temporary. The Borg usually elicit this response in others. Yes, along with every crew member on Voyager. Correct. We are needed on the bridge. [Turbolift]  Deck one. Yes. We will engage the Borg. The Borg are powerful, but Captain Janeway is a resourceful leader. We will resist. Perhaps. [Bridge] They're preparing to attack. You must help us enhance our shields. This station will give you access to the shield generators. I hear it too. Billions of voices speaking as one. We must resist that voice. The crew of Voyager will be destroyed if we don't. (One fires tubules into the station.) They inverted our phaser beam with a feedback pulse. They will try to assimilate you. He's accessing their navigational controls. If they get too close, their hull will collapse. [Borg Sphere] He's erected a multispatial force field around his body, but it is weakening.  Damage? Destroyed. You were successful. Irrelevant. They will fail. You are unique. Allow the Doctor to proceed. Lower the forcefield! You must comply. You must comply. Please. You are hurting me.
