You cut your hair. I liked you the old way. It's good to see you, Nerys. Come on in. [Shakaar's house] So, Major Kira Nerys, Deep Space Nine's first officer. You've made quite a name for yourself. You've accomplished a great deal. You should be proud. Furel and Lupaza are so proud of you they actually stand a little taller every time your name comes up. Of course. They both have farms less than ten kilometres from here. You can ask her yourself. They'll be here in a couple of hours. I can hardly wait to see the look on their faces when they walk through that door and see you standing there. I know why you're here, Nerys. I need time to think about it, all right? You may not get that chance, Lupaza. Nerys was sent here by the Kai with orders to convince us to return the reclamators to the government. I said I'd have to think about it. Maybe not. If you think giving the reclamators back to the government is the best thing for Bajor, then you've been out on that space station for too long. We waited three years to get the reclamators. We finally got them two months ago and we were told that they were ours for at least a year. The Provisional government actually did something right for a change. Then Minister Kalem died, and the next thing we know we get an order to return the reclamators immediately to the Rakantha farming project. I don't give a damn how the rest of the galaxy looks at us. We're trying to feed our own people here and you're talking about exports. How? I don't know if it'll accomplish anything. All right. For you. It's good to have you home, Nerys. You should come back more often. Good. Because we've all missed you. Especially me. [Winn's office] I'll be interested to hear what she has to say, but she's not getting those reclamators back till we're finished with them. That's what the Cardassians used to say. (Doorbell.) Come in. (Enter Bajoran security) Yes. She's good at it, Nerys. Don't feel bad. Yeah, all right. I just want to make one thing clear. (He punches the officer and Kira disarms the other.) I'm glad to see that living on a space station hasn't slowed you down. This can still be explained away. It was a tense situation, you acted on instinct. They'll understand that. But they won't understand you coming with me. This isn't your fight, Nerys. Go home. Now there's a familiar word. Haven't been called that in a while. I kind of missed it. Let them scan. There's nothing there to find. For now, the plan is to keep moving. We'll let the civil police run themselves ragged chasing us through the mountains. That's the general idea. The Cardassians spent ten years searching for us in these mountains. The civil police will probably give up in ten days. Maybe. But I really don't think they want to hunt down a group of fellow Bajorans who are just trying to defend their homes. We head for Kola Mountain, pick up anyone who's there, and move further into the hill country. Let's go. [Quark's] (The 47th darts match is in session and Miles is still in the Zone.) Move, move, move! Come on, Kira. Kira, if you can't do it, tell me now. How long do we have? They're good. I think you're right. We need to leave Dahkur. They'll box us in if we stay much longer. Serpent's Ridge is pretty rugged territory. Sometimes it was our nose that got bloodied. Kira? All right. We head for Tanis Canyon. Kira's on point, column of twos behind her. Lupaza, you take up the rear. And that's why we're going to lead those militia troops in there. Because we're going to be waiting for them. Let's move. [Tanis Canyon] (The rebels are on the ridge as the troops enter the box canyon.) I don't think they've picked us up on their tricorders. Which one? Lenaris? From the Ornathia resistance cell. He's good. No wonder we haven't lost them. We have to get him with the first volley. You take the Lieutenant on the right. I'll take Lenaris. (They take aim, but neither can squeeze the trigger.) Don't be. I can't either. (Kira and Shakaar stand up.) A lot of people did. I just wish we'd gotten there sooner. It's an easy mistake to make. You thought we were another two kilometres ahead so you tried to make up time. I might have done the same thing. The Pullock Five raid. The first offworld raid against the Cardassians? Of course. It was a bold move. That's not why I'm here. I want to take my people and walk out of here. I want to take them home. (One of the troopers fires at Furel.) Wait! That's right. I didn't fight the Cardassians for twenty five years just so I could start shooting other Bajorans. I'm here to enter the election as a candidate for the office of First Minister.
Thank you, Captain. I've been looking forward to visiting the station and meeting the Emissary. Nerys. Well, I guess I should introduce my senior staff. There he is. Can't wait. (As they move off down the corridor.) Let's go. Yeah. You must be Odo. I was hoping I'd get to meet you. I just wish it wasn't under these circumstances. We're ready to go. I know. I want to stop by the Promenade and visit the Temple first. Is there a problem? We'll just slip in, I'll stay for a few minutes, and then we'll slip out. Maybe not, but that doesn't mean I'm going to stay in bed all day. I understand you used to work for the Cardassians when they were running the station. They could've given that job to one of their own people. They must have thought very highly of you. I know Kira does. She once told me she trusted you with her life. I've always found her to be a good judge of character, so I'll trust you with mine too. [Promenade] (As the group comes down the steps by the Replimat.) Gentlemen. How are you. Hi. (to a little girl) How are you today? Welcome. It's a pleasure to see you here. How do you do? Pleasure. I appreciate you being here. Thank you. Nice to see you. (Odo spots an older woman making her way through the crowd. She ducks down out of sight for a moment, then appears carrying a little boy. Odo relaxes. Shakaar finally makes it to the Temple.) [Wardroom] (At the reception, complete with buffet table and Quark serving drinks.) Will you excuse me? Nerys. Where are you going? You haven't even said hello. You wouldn't be bothering me, you'd be rescuing me. You have no idea. Actually, it would. But not here. Fine. We'll talk about something else. Let's take a walk. We're going to take a stroll. If I knew where we were going, it wouldn't be a stroll, would it? Fine, but just you. Oh, and don't stay too close. [Corridor] (As Kira and Shakaar talk and laugh together, Odo gradually falls back) [Outside the wardroom] (The meeting inside is breaking up.) Let's go. Back to my quarters. How'd you know? So you're saying it's as plain as the nose on my face? I've been trying to get them to cut the timetable for Bajor's admittance into the Federation by half. But every time I think I've made them understand my reasons, they remind me that every member of the Federation has gone through the same admittance process. I can't think of a single reason. Thank you. [Shakaar's quarters] You know, I've been a soldier and I've been a politician, and I have to say I'm starting to think that being a soldier was easier. Well, you agree with me. As far as I'm concerned, that makes you an expert. (Shakaar gestures Odo to sit.) I realise I haven't been making your job any easier the past few days. Well, I want to you to understand that I appreciate your thoroughness. Yeah. Odo, I know that you and Nerys are friends, and I was wondering. Does she ever talk to you about me? What I mean is, has she ever said anything to you that might indicate that she thought of me as more than a friend? Oh, I see. I've known Nerys for over ten years. I've trusted her with my life on more than one occasion. She always knew how to follow orders. She never complained when things got rough. She was a good soldier and a good friend. But now it's different. I know. I think I'm falling in love with her. Sometimes I get the sense that maybe, just maybe, she feels the same way. But I could be wrong. I'm afraid to say anything because it might ruin our friendship. But if I don't, I could be letting something precious slip through my fingers. Yeah. Well, for all I know, I've gotten myself all twisted up over nothing. I mean, if she hasn't said anything to you, then this whole thing is probably just inside my head. Of course. It's only natural. Maybe I should just be patient. On the other hand, maybe I should let her know how I feel. It might help her get over her loss if she knew that there was somebody who really cared about her. What do you think? Well, then, I understand. I don't mean to burden you with my problems. Talking about humanoid relationships can't be that interesting to you. I've never seen it, actually. You're the First Officer, can't you order a ship through? The other day I heard someone say that if you happen to see the wormhole open, you get to make a wish. Yes. (They both lean in for a kiss then remember Odo is standing nearby, carefully looking the other way.) You know I haven't had a meal outside the wardroom or my quarters since I got here. You have a favourite? I've never had Bolian food. Aged? Why don't we go there tonight? Great. How does nineteen hundred hours sound? (Odo puts his code in) We can (Bang!) Well, I guess this means my tour is over. [Captain's office] Great. I'll see you then. To my quarters and then to the meeting in the Wardroom. (Shakaar leaves with his guards.) That's what she said. They're either going to do it or they're not. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Sorry I'm late. How are you? I threw you off, didn't I? When will she have the baby? I'll have to rearrange my schedule, but I think so. Ahem. How're you feeling? There's a zero-grav tumbling performance on the Promenade tonight. Do you want to go? Chief, would you mind leaving us alone for a minute? I'll take over. I know what I'm doing. And welcome you into the world. (O'Brien tries to move but) Why don't you stay there? Exactly. I think it would make Nerys uncomfortable. What's that supposed to mean? Just tell him to stay where Nerys. Oh, do me a favour. Next time you have a baby, leave my girlfriend out of it, huh? [Quark's] (After hours) Oh, no. After you. This might be a good time to take some leave and come down to Bajor. So you can be close to the baby. He's a good-looking boy. I have a few minutes left. [Corridor] (Just away from the airlock)
