(blonde woman) That's what I'm here to find out. The initial descriptions of these surface conditions are almost identical to your reports from system J two five. My priority has been to develop some kind, any kind of defence strategy We've been designing new weapons but they're all still on the drawing board. I'd like to see the colony site as soon as possible, Captain. I don't know exactly what I'm looking for, but we've tested the sections of the Enterprise's hull that were damaged by the Borg. There were some unusual magnetic resonance traces. That's my theory. I'll see if it holds up tomorrow. I've reviewed your personnel. I'll be assigning Mister La Forge and Mister Data to accompany me on the away team. Of course. I appreciate any assistance you can offer. Tell me, Commander. Is serving aboard the Enterprise as extraordinary an experience as I've heard? Good. Because I intend to convince Captain Picard I'm the right choice for the job. Yours, of course. I'm sorry. I heard that you were leaving. Call. Well, I've only got two pair, but I've got to see your hole card. I'll call. (against the four hearts, Riker turns over the two of spades) Morning. Early bird gets the worm, eh? We've had some interesting results. I'm sorry, but I woke up early and I saw that a weather system was moving in it. It could have affected the soil readings. Really, Commander, if we ran into the Borg here, two extra bodies wouldn't've made a hell of a difference, now would they? We had three hours before the storm front hit, less than two hours now. Data was available. I took him. We came. I don't see your problem. Noted for future reference. Do you wish to hear my report, sir? The soil contains the same magnetic resonance traces That's our footprint. There's no doubt any more. It is the Borg. Captain's log, stardate 43993.5. With confirmation of the Borg's presence in Federation space, Admiral Hanson has returned to Starbase three two four to discuss strategy with Starfleet Command. Lieutenant Commander Shelby remains on board to continue tactical preparations. [Ready room] A manipulation effect in the Borg ship's subspace field. A definite pattern at four point eight minute intervals during your first confrontation with them. One theory is that their systems are decentralised with redundant power sources located throughout the ship. Projections suggest that a Borg ship like this one could continue to function effectively even if seventy eight percent of it was inoperable. We've been projecting twenty four. I think we should look at modifying the plasma phaser design. Sir, if you'll allow me to continue with Mister Data, who does not require rest. If we have a confrontation with the Borg without improving our defence systems Mister La Forge has a plan to modulate shield nutation. Hopefully, that'll hold them off for awhile. I thought they weren't interested in human life forms, only our technology. The nutation modulation has them confused. Data, fluctuate phaser resonance frequencies. Random settings. Keep them changing. Don't give them time to adapt. (Finally, boom and judder) Time index five one four. Data started to fluctuate phaser resonance frequencies. The Borg's beam breaks contact. Slow playback. Take a closer look, Commander. Mister La Forge? End programme. Unfortunately, there is one slight detail. In the process, the blast completely destroys the Enterprise as well. It could work. In the meantime, we should retune all phasers, including the hand units, to the same frequency. There is one other recommendation I'd like to make, Commander. Separate the saucer section. Assign a skeleton crew to create a diversion But it would give them more than one target to worry about. I'd like the Captain to make that decision, sir. Deck eight. Battle bridge. You never ordered me not to discuss this with the Captain. May I speak frankly, sir? You're in my way. All you know how to do is play it safe. I suppose that's why someone like you sits in the shadow of a great man for as long as you have, passing up one command after another. Proceed to deck eight. If you can't make the big decisions, Commander, I suggest you make room for someone who can. Captain's log, stardate 43996.2. The Enterprise remains concealed in the dust cloud. And to my surprise, the Borg have maintained their position, waiting for us to come out of hiding. I have no explanation for their special interest in me or this ship. We continue to prepare our defences for the inevitable confrontation, but I must admit, on this night I contemplate the distinct possibility that no defence may be adequate against this enemy. [Ten Forward] (After going through Engineering, and signing off a report or two, he enters what looks like a dark and empty place) Sir, we've got to get that ship down to impulse. Excuse me, sir. With my knowledge of the Borg All right, a reminder. We only get to use each of these once, maybe twice, before the Borg learn to adapt. Don't fire until you have to. That may change, however, if we start interfering with their plans. Shelby to Bridge. [Bridge] Away team ready. Understood. Very clear, sir. Shelby out. Energise. [Borg ship] Any signs of human life? There's no way to take out enough of these to disable them down. If we take out a few of these, it just might make them scratch. Can you locate it, Worf? Shelby to Enterprise. [Bridge] We've found the Captain's uniform and his communicator. We're resuming our search. (La Forge and Wesley enter) Acknowledged. Shelby out. Let's take out some of these distribution nodes and see what happens. (Data's single phaser shot has no impact. Worf joining in makes it go bang. Borg come out of their alcoves and the lights fluctuate. They take out a second one, then a third) [Bridge] Shelby to Enterprise. Encountering resistance. Prepare to beam us back on my signal. (The next wave of Borg are shielded) They're adapting to the frequencies. (We see a familiar profile) Enterprise, get us out of here. [Bridge] (The away team enter) We'll go back. I need more people. We need to retune the phasers again. We'll get him out of there. We'll sabotage them again if we have to. At least consult with Starfleet Command. Get Admiral Hanson on subspace.
Data, fluctuate phaser resonance frequencies. Random settings. Keep them changing. Don't give them time to adapt. All you know how to do is play it safe. If you can't make the big decisions, Commander, I suggest you make room for someone who can. (The Borg kidnap Picard) Shelby to Enterprise. We've found the Captain's uniform and his communicator. Impossible. You realise, Admiral, that with the assistance of Captain Picard, the Borg will be prepared for your defences. Of course, Admiral. Accelerator coils are responding normally. Checking. Sensors are fine. No. Aft shields have completely failed. Damn it. Auxiliary generators are out again. The main navigational deflector is functional again. Sherbourne and Barclay are running through the final testing sequence now. Reconstruction is proceeding normally. It's slow work. If we can nail down this shield generator problem, I agree with La Forge. We should be at operating capacity in two to three hours. Anything else, sir? I didn't get Picard. Sir, I Some might define that as the role of a first officer. Captain Riker, based on our past relationship, there's no reason for me to expect to become your first officer except you need me. I know how to get things done, and I have the expertise in the Borg. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. What about the heavy graviton beam we were talking about? Nanites? The Tolstoy, the Kyushu, the Melbourne. (Riker bows his head briefly for the crew that might have been his) Sir. I must remind you that Captain Picard was briefed on that plan. The Borg will be prepared for it Crusher, Cartaino, Gleason. Report to the Battle Bridge. Ready for separation. Auto-sep sequence initiated. [Engineering] Fire. [Battle bridge] Acknowledged. Fire antimatter spread. (Picard watches the lovely fireworks display, trying to figure it out) [Shuttlecraft] Captain, we've sustained damage to the impulse drive. [Battle bridge] The saucer section is disabled. Shelby to Riker. Captain, the Borg have entered Sector zero zero one. (A little later, Riker and Worf enter) The Borg have dropped out of warp, sir. Jupiter outpost nine two reported visual contact at twelve hundred hours, thirteen minutes. Responding. No reports on effectiveness but I can't believe that against the Borg I think we got their attention. They operate as a single mind. On screen. Try the power systems, Data. See if you can get them to power down. Then it's over. Delighted, sir. Mister Worf. [Borg ship] (She arrives with Worf and a security guard) Shelby to Enterprise. It's true. They're all in a regeneration mode. [Corridor] They're dormant, sir. Checking. Shelby to Enterprise. There are indications here that their entire power net's about to feed back on itself. I'd say we're looking at a self-destruct sequence activated by the Borg's malfunction. Do you want us to attempt to disarm it? [Data's lab] Request permission to disembark, sir. We'll have the fleet back up in less than a year. I imagine you'll get your choice of any Starfleet command, sir. I hope I have the fortune of serving with you again, sir. Captain. (Shelby leaves)
