You should have listened to the Vulcan. He warned you against doing anything foolish. Looking out for you pink skins. If you had gone anywhere near that shuttlepod, you'd have been killed. Sopek is the senior Vulcan officer in the sector. Naturally, we keep him under close surveillance. We've been monitoring all Vulcan transmissions and ship deployments since the incident at P'Jem. We know they're preparing for a war against us. There's already a war going on, and the Vulcans are in the middle of it. Several rebel factions here are working to overthrow their government, a corrupt government that has very close ties to your peace loving, logical friends. The hostage-takers have no plans to return your Captain or the female. Once you deliver the weapons, they'll be killed. Fortunately for you, we have a relationship with the down-trodden here. I haven't slept well since our encounter at the Vulcan sanctuary. I don't like being indebted to anyone, least of all your Captain. (Tholos unties the pair.) Once he's free, my debt will be repaid in full. Show them. (Tholos brings up images on a monitor.) Your people are being held here. These are barracks for the guards. We have an operative inside the compound. It's not your concern. Give them their weapons. [Room] Vulcans! Did you know they were planning to do this? I believe this is yours. It's the scanner she gave me from the Vulcan listening post. I'm here for only one reason. I need a good night's sleep. My debt is repaid. (The Vulcans bring in a howitzer and the fight is over.) [Compound] You lecture us about treaty violations? I know better than to lower my guard around Vulcans. (to Sopek) You should be the one dying, not her. [Sickbay]
Talas. I think this Denobulan doctor is secretly in love with you. He wants to keep you to himself. You were only grazed, but the phase pistol was set to kill. Is there any other kind? You're going to be fine. We'll be home soon, the two of us. I won't. See what I mean? He can't get enough of you. I'm jealous. (He backs away from her bed, and Phlox draws the curtain so she can't hear them.) Doctor. (Archer enters.) Lucky to be alive. If it involves killing Tellarites, I'm all for it. [Control area] I'd rather co-habit with Klingon targs than join forces with Tellarites. You heard what he said. (handing over a PADD) Compliments of the Imperial Guard. These are the communication codes we'll use for the joint operation. Do what you have to. You're not especially difficult to work with, Captain. Unlike Tellarites, you understand ethics and try to live by them. Well, nobody's perfect. Have you served on all these vessels? My vessel, the Kumari, was named for the first ice-cutter to circumnavigate Andoria. Perhaps future ships will be named after our vessels, especially if we do something historic together. Agreed. (They shake hands.) [Romulan ship] No. You said she'd recover. No. [Romulan ship] (Tucker is ripping out every wire and crystal he can lay his hands on.) I only want to talk to him! I only want to talk. You (indicating Naarg) need to know about Talas, the woman you killed. The attack was over when you shot her, but I'm not here to argue that. Her family was privileged, her parents wealthy. She could've chosen any career, never known discomfort. But she felt the call of duty. She pledged her life to the Imperial Guard. Talas could've had anything. Anyone. She chose me. I just wanted you to know. (Shran reaches into his pocket, but Archer stops him and takes out the bottle himself. He opens it to smell it.) It's her blood. When a Guardsman dies far from home, his companions, her companions, carry part of her back to the ice of Andoria. I wanted you to know that, too (He grabs Naarg's hand and pours some of the blood on it before Archer drags him off.) Before you die! Not until his blood pays for hers! You will face justice at my hands! Yes, it will, pinkskin, because if you and the Tellarites don't show respect for Andorian tradition, the Imperial Guard will withdraw its ships. Unless this murderer meets me in combat, your precious alliance is finished! [Romulan ship] Please, make yourself at home. An old friend. I carry it everywhere. A benefit to both our worlds. There's more to this than Talas. I lost my ship, almost my entire crew. If I do nothing to avenge these losses, what kind of leader am I? Why should any soldier follow me again? Besides, you should be wishing me luck. I provide a voice for your species at the Imperial Guard. I'm valuable to humans. The Ambassador's decided to fight in place of his underling? You wouldn't. I'm going to have to kill you. You're my friend. I can't. [Romulan ship] (Moving quickly through a tangled mess of dangling stuff and small explosions.) It can only end one way. This is not what I wanted. I'm glad we met. In your honour, I'll continue to support co-operation between the Imperial Guard and your species. I'll take your blood to Andoria, to the Wall of Heroes. You have the first move. (The fight begins, with neither holding back. Shran draws first blood.) Give up. A single stroke, and there'll be no pain. (being strangled) Never! You should've cut off my head.  What good is a Guardsman without two antennae? They take nine months to grow back. You humiliated me. You respected Andorian tradition. It's settled. Vulcan? So, it's still out there. As you said, a common threat.
You're not using your head, pinkskin. That ship you're on is no match for the reptilian. You should be impressed we managed to track you through the vortex. I anticipated that you'd need some help. [Bridge] (In a corridor, a Builder bowls over a security team with a single energy ball.) I'll be right in front of you, gentlemen. [Degra's ship] Keep a low profile. That third torpedo almost got you. Be careful! Prepare to come about to port. [Degra's ship] Stay below me. Just stay below me. [Shran's Bridge] Let's fight back this time, shall we. Bring the forward cannons online. (the two large ships exchange fire) [Degra's ship] Go! [Shran's Bridge] And tell Archer we're not even any more. He owes me! (In the Weapon control area, Dolim's Lieutenant looks up to see Archer and Hoshi on the opposite side of the control panel. Reed and the MACOs shoot him and his assistants before they can draw their weapons.) [Bridge] Let's make sure he has nowhere to go back to. They have no shielding on their starboard engines. Target all weapons. (Two shots and the Reptilian ship flies apart.) [Degra's ship]
Bridge to Engineering. Engineering, respond! (No reply, so he goes to another console.) This is the warship Kumari calling Imperial Command. We've been attacked by a Tellarite vessel. Primary systems have failed! Request immediate (He's interrupted by an explosion.) Tellarite swine! They will pay for this. This is Shran. All crew to the escape pods! Abandon ship. [Ready room] Kumari calling Imperial Command. Been attacked. Primary systems have failed. Request immediate. I hope you've studied Andorian physiology. (Archer and T'Pol Our complement was eighty six. Tellarites! We were escorting our Ambassador to the trade conference when they dropped out of warp. The Ambassador's ship was destroyed in seconds. Tellarites crippled us with their next shot. I've never seen one of their vessels manoeuvre like this one. While those barbarians have been talking peace, they've obviously been improving their warships. Perhaps you should ask them. I suggest you scan for our data recorder. It'll contain the sensor logs of the attack. (T'Pol leaves.) We seem to keep running into each other, Captain. It's fortunate Enterprise was close by. They're aboard this ship? They may know who did. You better keep them away from us or there will be bloodshed. [Armoury] To the Kumari. I was in command for twelve years. First ship of her class. Most of the crew I served with even longer. They were more than colleagues. I knew their spouses, their children. I'm grateful Talas survived. If I'd lost her It's a recent development. In the past, I never would've considered a relationship with someone under my command. Andorian women are far more aggressive than Earth females. She made an overture. I had a choice. Charge her with assaulting a superior or mate with her. I regret that you're drawn into another of our conflicts, Captain. I doubt that war can be avoided this time. When that sensor data is seen by Imperial Command. Tellarites don't think like you or I do. They've been provoking us for months. We've lost six freighters along the border. We know they're responsible. You'd accept their word over ours? Let me talk to them. This is Commander Shran of the Imperial I need to access your targeting array. (He goes to Reed's station.) These are the coordinates to their shield generator. Impossible. We have no argument with Starfleet. Captain, I assure you, what happened does not represent the will or intent of my government. GRAL Admit the truth. The Imperial Guard never wanted this conference to take place. They've obviously taken matters into their own hands. Are you implying the Imperial Guard's been disloyal? That may not have been an Andorian ship. Its shield matrix had a completely different configuration. Several of our warships have been reported missing over the years. The Tellarites could have taken one of them, enhanced its systems. I'm not paranoid. Your people are trying to kill us! That can't be correct. Your sensors are unsophisticated. There's been a mistake. What are you suggesting? That these two vessels are actually the same ship? The Tellarites have violated every accord we've made with them. They can't be trusted. Your desire for a peaceful resolution is blinding you from the truth! I've heard enough from you! Vulcans are expert liars. Perhaps your people are behind this. Some of my crew are in serious condition. They need attention from our physicians. Gral knows more about these attacks than he's admitting. How can Archer be so blind. I'm not going to entrust the security of Andoria to the pinkskins or anyone else. We trusted the Tellarites once. We won't make that mistake again. With the appropriate persuasion, Gral will talk. Then I'll have to question him myself. Can you bypass their security protocols? [Romulan ship] I want to know why my ship was attacked. And then you're going to answer for your crimes against my people. [Bridge] We know your government's behind the disappearance of our freighters. You may have been able to convince Archer, but I'm not so gullible. I don't know a lot about Starfleet weapons, but I believe this setting will bore right through that thick hide of yours. The truth. Now! [Gral's quarters] (In the corridor, MACOs and Andorians are fighting a running battle, and Starfleet win. Archer and the MACOs enter, guns ready.) Stay out of this, pinkskin. I was there! Who? It's only superficial. You'll be fine. [Romulan ship]
Yes. Status. Continue scanning. You know what we're looking for, Lieutenant. It shouldn't be that difficult to find. And we'll continue searching until we've accomplished our mission. We have our orders. You sound like you're afraid of this Expanse, Lieutenant. I'd expect that from a Vulcan, not a member of the Imperial Guard. Don't underestimate these pinkskins, Lieutenant. They're still out there. [Xindi Council Chamber] Captain Archer. Look at the trouble you've gotten your pink skin into this time. [Ready room] You're braver than I imagined. I wouldn't try to traverse an anomaly field in a ship this fragile. We've discovered a few tricks to deal with them. We have a record of your warp signature from our last encounter. Our ships are considerably faster than Enterprise. It wasn't difficult to catch up with you. Your world was brutally attacked. The Imperial Guard thought you'd be grateful to have an ally, considering no one else came rushing to your aid. Seven million killed? Not exactly a state secret. What happened to your uniform, Sub-Commander? Not that I don't find your new look becoming, but it's not exactly regulation, is it? Yes, I believe I heard something about that. Your world is in jeopardy, and where are your friends, the Vulcans? Where is their mighty fleet? They couldn't even spare one officer. She was forced to abandon her career to remain on your ship. A remarkably selfless act, for a Vulcan. But we've come to your aid. We've come into the Expanse when they refused. We're here to help you. If you don't want our assistance, we'll leave you to deal with the Xindi on your own. Just like the Vulcans have done. [Armoury] I wasn't sure we'd find you alive. Under the circumstances, I'd say we have something to celebrate. (He produces two glasses and a tall curvy bottle of something blue.) And your crew's doing a fine job of making them. Have a drink with me. You've earned a brief respite. Andorian ale. You seemed to enjoy it the last time we met. I took the liberty of bringing a few extra bottles. (Archer takes the small, half-filled glass.) To a swift victory. (Shran knocks his back in one.) I volunteered. It made sense. I've had the greatest amount of contact with pink, with humans, and the last time we met you helped my people avert a war. I don't like unpaid debts. Isn't that how alliances are born? (They make another silent toast.) [Engineering] Our sensors are more sophisticated than yours. We should be able to scan the system without betraying our presence. If I may? (into communicator) This is Commander Shran. Transfer our long range sensor data to Enterprise. Why attack an uninhabited system? What? I wouldn't recommend a frontal assault. Your weapons are damaged, critical systems are down all over your ship, and your out-numbered four to one. Even our combined forces don't stand a chance against that kind of firepower. I'm not ready to risk my ship when we don't even know if the Xindi weapon is here. What do you propose we do? Fly up to them and ask them what they're doing? [Corridor] (Shran is being escorted by a crew member.) Mister Tucker. How are your repairs coming along? Told by whom? That's rather sensitive information. I imagine it would. I don't know, Commander, that's a sophisticated piece of technology. That remains to be seen. You have my condolences over the attack on your world. I understand your sister was killed. Captain Archer told me. No great victory comes without sacrifice. The dispute between my people and the Vulcans hasn't been bloodless. Border skirmishes were common a few decades ago. They'd violate our territory, we'd retaliate. I was still in school when my older brother joined the Imperial Guard. He was assigned to a forward surveillance unit. I can understand why you seek vengeance against these Xindi. You have no desire to make these people pay for the death of your sister? I'll have that anti-matter injector delivered to you. Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Shran. [IW Kumari Bridge] (Archer and T'Pol are out of sight at the side of the Bridge.) Of the Andorian Mining Consortium. Restricted? I had no idea. We don't want to cause any trouble. We're looking for a rare element [IW Kumari Bridge] Archerite. We picked up some promising readings coming from your system. Of course, of course, but you don't mind if we finish our scans? Archerite is [Weapon control centre] Extremely valuable to us. Even a few kilos will pay our expenses for the next ten cycles. We're not trying to violate your privacy. [IW Kumari Bridge] Our sensors are omni-directional. There's nothing to be concerned about. [Weapon control centre] There's no need for threats. We'll leave, but if this system does contain archerite, you just missed out your opportunity to collect a generous percentage. [IW Kumari Bridge] Stop the scan. Take us out of the system, but not too quickly. The Andorian Mining Consortium runs from no one. [Command centre] (A fuzzy picture of the weapon is on the big screen.) It could be anything. Power generator of some kind, fusion reactor. Why the urgency? This can't be the final version of the weapon. T'Pol's analysis shows it isn't powerful enough to destroy an entire planet. Let them run their tests. Why destroy this prototype when we can see it in use and gauge it's destructive power? This is Shran. Transfer our sensor telemetry to Enterprise. (Both they and the Xindi Council watch as the crust of the moon is shattered into dust, although the core remains intact.) [Xindi Council chamber] Are you saying this was a failure? Why haven't they retrieved it? Use my ship. Our forcefield will contain the radiation. We'll secure the device in our cargo bay until it's safe to transfer to Enterprise. It's four against two, remember? This would be a joint venture. I'll return to my ship. That won't be necessary. We'll keep you informed. Kumari is a warship with a battle-tested crew. They're capable of performing their duties without you looking over their shoulders. We'll render whatever assistance we can, but my crew won't take orders from you. The Imperial Guard doesn't serve at your leisure, pinkskin. And you'd pass up your best chance for success over a matter of pride? Archer's science officer believes the weapon is unstable. It nearly overloaded. I have no reason to doubt her assessment. She seems competent. General, the humans may yet become valuable allies. Why squander the opportunity? Is this mission worth making enemies of them? I await your orders. Charge weapons. Set a course. [Weapon control centre] Take us out of the system, maximum speed. (the cargo bay doors close on their acquisition) Are they following? Inform the Imperial Guard we have the weapon. Set a course for Andoria, maximum warp. I'm afraid we won't be taking orders from you any longer. I was ordered to retrieve the weapon by whatever means necessary. The Vulcans are the reason we're doing this. For two hundred years all that's kept them from invading Andoria is the threat of massive retaliation. With a weapon of this magnitude at our disposal they wouldn't dare attack us. We disrupted the Xindi test, took their weapon. We may have helped save your world. I don't need to justify my actions to you, pinkskin. I swore an oath to the Imperial Guard, my loyalty lies with them. Your ship isn't fast enough to catch us. I anticipated that. When Talas was working on Enterprise she disrupted the main sensor array. They may be able to catch up to us, but they'll have no way to find us. Archer (connects with a good left hook to Shran's jaw.) Take the Captain to an escape pod. Don't worry, I'll alert Enterprise where to find you. [Corridor] We've begun examining the weapon. With respect, General, I'd prefer you didn't. What is it? Where are they? Captain Archer. Glad to see you made it back safely. How did you find us? I respect your perseverance, but you don't actually think you'll be able to take it from us? (amused) I should have warned you. Don't drink too much of that Andorian ale in one sitting. You'll lose your prize. Why? We're not your enemy. What have the Vulcans done to deserve your loyalty? I'm sorry, pinkskin. I don't believe you. Take us into the anomaly field. Shran to cargo hold three. What's your status? Shut it down. Report! [Bridge] Clear the hold. Prepare to open the bay doors. [Bridge]
We experimented with that years ago. Nothing came of it. I just received a transmission. Our scientists identified the brain wave pattern. It's from my world, but it's not from any Andorian you'd know. It's Aenar. They're a kind of subspecies. Blind ice-dwellers. For most of our history, they were considered a myth, stories we told our children, but fifty years ago, they were discovered living in the Northern Wastes. They're extremely secretive. I can count on one hand the number of Andorians who've seen one face-to-face. I seriously doubt they have the capacity. There are only a few thousand of them left, and even if they could, they're pacifists. They don't believe in violence. It seems that way. Agreed. We go in there with a show of force, we won't get a thing out of them. Taste that air. Really gets the blood running. (Archer puts up the hood on his parka then looking at Shran's scanner.) Lucky for you, it's the middle of summer. The entrance is twenty metres ahead. The Vulcans say the desert teaches men the meaning of endurance. But it's the ice that forges real strength. It isn't easy. Andorian cities are built underground to take advantage of geothermal energy. I didn't see the sun till I was fifteen. (They wend their way through ice walls, and Shran wobbles then falls to his knees.) Hands off, pinkskin. These tunnels branch out for thousands of kilometres. Not a good place to get lost. [Control area] Ice-bores. Worms. They live in the ice. Generate heat through a chemical reaction. Big swarm came through here a day or two ago. Best to avoid them. When I was a boy, I stumbled into a large den, wound up with third-degree burns over half my body. (He sways as they stand at the top of a cliff.) Afraid of heights, Captain? (He heads down a series of steps cut conveniently in the ice, then suddenly falls the rest of the way, and lands screaming in pain with a bright blue icicle stuck through his right leg. Archer dashes down to him.) The ice gave out beneath me. (He lifts his own leg off the icicle.) We can't stay here. We'll freeze to death. We're well inside the dampening field.  I think we just got a lot closer. (Several more of the pale-skinned, pale-dressed people appear.) My thanks. (The Aenar doctor leaves.) That explains a lot. Who? Now you know why. It doesn't matter why he's doing it. He has to be stopped. You owe us that much, at least. I've never been able to sleep with someone standing at the foot of my bed. Actually, I was awake. What is it? You're blind. How can you tell my skin is blue? Every few years, there's a heat wave. I've been on worlds where the temperature is only slightly below the boiling point of water. I'm trying to forget it. I lost ten percent of my body weight in two days. For what? It's never been all that hard to figure out what I'm thinking. I'm sorry. So we've been told. There's no way of knowing. Forget it, Captain. They've never even helped defend their own world. We're wasting our time. [Control area] I've had enough rest. What is it? I don't see anything. (Then worms drop out of the ceiling in front of them and burrow into the floor.) Are you sure you want to do this? We can stop anytime you like. Shut it down! (They get the helmet off her and Phlox gives her an injection.) Captain's Starlog, supplemental. We've arrived at the last known co-ordinates of the Ticonderoga. [Bridge] You had a convulsion. You're all right now. Ridiculous. That kind of bravery is never a failure. I'm a commander in the Imperial Guard. I'd be afraid to go anywhere near that thing. I was the fortunate one. I won't hear that from you. You make it look easy. Keep being strong. For me. [Bridge] We're under attack. I'm going to the Bridge. Let her try. [Control area] Jhamel. She can do this. [Control area] I regret much of what happened between us recently. When you lose your ship, you aren't usually rewarded with another one. I may not see you for a while. I appreciate the offer. Let's just see what the future brings. Try to stay out of trouble, pinkskin. [Deleted Scene - Control area] Valdore is sitting in the Drone helm seat when Vrax and two Reman enter.)
Report. I know my men are willing to die. I want to hear their chances of surviving. They're looking for a weakness. I've received a communiqué. The Vulcans want to discuss terms for a cease fire. There is another option. Someone I've dealt with. A pinkskin. He's proven to be quite even-handed in dealing with Vulcans. His name is Archer. [Ready room] The pinkskin sense of humour. My apologies for the security precautions. I'm sure they do. We're aggressive, illogical. That's why you're here, Captain. To help us do just that. I've dealt with the Vulcans twice before, where you were involved. Both times you handled the situation without prejudice. They haven't been harmed. (He takes them to look into a room where three Vulcans are tied up.) As you can see, Captain, even after a hundred years, this situation still evokes anger on both sides. We will release our prisoners on the following conditions. Immediate withdrawal of all Vulcan military forces, the so-called compromise is to be rescinded, and the Vulcans must concede irrevocable sovereignty of Weytahn to Andoria. The Vulcans always say they're ready to talk, but it amounts to nothing. Treaty negotiations that drag on for years. I want to speak to Soval. Somebody who can deal with the situation without having to check with his superiors. Here. On my terms. Haven't they already taken enough? No. One, as a show of our good faith. [Deleted scene - Shuttlepod] (to soldiers) Bring them here as soon as they land, and treat the Vulcan with respect. You don't have to. I know what you're going to say. We discovered this planet. We made it livable. It belongs to us. Don't worry, it'll be ours again. I'm willing to give Archer another chance. Not always. I've seen that for myself. Your recommendation is noted. Enough. I value your opinion, Tarah, but that does not allow you to question my commands. Dismissed. [Shuttlepod] That shuttle was to be left alone. I gave specific orders. Then who fired those shots? The Vulcans, I suppose, trying to kill their own Ambassador? They are devious, but I doubt even they would go that far. You're not happy with the way I've handled this situation? Put our positions on alert. I want Soval and the pinkskin brought to me alive. If they're looking for an excuse to attack, we won't give it to them. Why would my lieutenant, a loyal member of the Imperial Guard, lie to me? Is this true? Answer me! Follow my orders! I intend to. Take her. See to the Ambassador's wounds. We have a lot to discuss. [Bridge] The Imperial Council will not be satisfied until Vulcan recognises our claim to Weytahn. In that case, these talks have been extremely successful. Join me in a drink to celebrate our mutual dissatisfaction. To the cease fire. It wouldn't have been possible without the help of our human friends. I trust there'll be more accomplished than just talk. I think he likes you, pinkskin.
Why didn't you tell us one of your people was aboard? Why did you come here? Answer me, pink skin. Liar. What's your mission? Are you a supply ship bringing them more surveillance equipment? So you admit you're working with the Vulcans. We scanned your ship in orbit. You're very well armed for people who came for a visit. You and the pink skins have proven what we already knew. This is far more than a sanctuary. Where's the sensor array? (hitting Archer hard) Where is it! You humans obviously have emotions. I find it curious that you'd select a Vulcan as your science officer. Why a Vulcan? (He knocks him down.) SHRAN: Why a Vulcan? You take orders from the High Command? Enterprise. [Bridge] He's a prisoner of the Andorian Imperial Guard. We know you're in collaboration with the Vulcans. Your ship [Atrium] Is under constant surveillance. Arm your weapons or make any attempt to approach the surface and I'll kill the hostages. (He smashes the communicator) Have you checked the living quarters? Is that something you could live with, Captain? Are you losing faith in our mission? The Vulcans are very deceptive. It's here, I'm sure of it. If we back down now, everything we've fought for is meaningless. If nothing else, remember that, Keval. What is it. The information. What did you come to tell us? You must enjoy pain. (Archer is dragged away.) What is it? We detected an energy surge. It came from this chamber. Or perhaps you have equipment we don't know about. (to Tholos) Watch them. [Catacombs] Where are they? Where! Try boosting the proximity sensors. [Large room] Find them. Keval! (They go through the new hole in the wall.) How do we know you won't attack our vessel. We're in your debt.
Commander Tucker, you have a poor choice of friends. [Conference room] An invasion? We keep a very close eye on your fleet. We would know if the High Command were preparing to attack. Your leaders may be fools, but they're not suicidal. They know we will respond. That's absurd! Captain Archer destroyed the Xindi prototype before we could examine it. You people are so used to lying, you don't even tell the truth to each other. How do I know you weren't sent here as a diversion? Do you have any idea what will happen when the Imperial Guard retaliates? It will be a disaster for both our worlds. You're betraying your own people by telling me this. Why are you doing it? When does this invasion begin? That's the best you can give me, soon? Do you believe him, pinkskin? I'll need to consult with my superiors. This is Shran. You're certain Enterprise won't detect the transport? Energise when ready. Welcome aboard, Ambassador. I simply want to know your fleet's actual location. Then consider this our way of confirming what you've told us. You didn't expect the Imperial Guard to mobilise its entire fleet based on nothing more than the word of one loyal Vulcan diplomat? No. Our security division has had a great deal of experience extracting information from Vulcan operatives. This machine doesn't cause physical discomfort. It uses a neuro-synaptic field to lower your emotional threshold. (Shran nods to the operator, a blue light comes on, and Soval reacts which what looks like fear.) How do you feel? I've seen Vulcans who were broken by this device. They were never the same again. I have no desire to see that happen to you. Where is your fleet?! I can't. Not until I'm certain you've told us the truth. I can't. I'm sorry. Not yet. If this interrogation continues, your suppression system could be permanently damaged. Tell me what I want to know! That's not far from the truth. But after our rather lengthy peace talks, I came to trust you. You would never betray your people! Where is your fleet?! What? What is it? Tell him I'll contact him when I'm ready. You find this amusing? There are three higher settings on that panel. If I use them Where is your fleet? Report! Lieutenant, order our ships out of the nebula. And tell Enterprise we'll be returning the Ambassador shortly. Get that thing off of him. [Vulcan - day] (They've found the tracks of boots in the sand.) How is he? I did what was necessary. Soval would understand. He's not the only one taking a risk. I just spoke with the Imperial Guard. They're re-deploying our forces. A lesser man would've told me what I wanted to hear, even if it wasn't true. There's been too much suspicion, too many lies, on both sides. Our fleet will intercept the Vulcans at these coordinates. My superiors believe it may be helpful if Enterprise were to join us. [Vulcan] (An animal screech rings out.) Our sensors show twelve Vulcan cruisers approaching. They won't arrive in time. We're on our own. [Vulcan] (They reach the top of a rocky ridge overlooking the capital city.) Commander, what do you think you're doing? Get back in formation! Tell Archer that's two he owes me. [High Command] (Two figures enter the chamber, and throw back their hoods to reveal - Archer and T'Pau. Kuvak uses the distraction to neck-pinch the Sublieutenant and grab his weapon.)
