I thought he was smarter than this. He could have saved all your lives. You've lied to me before. If you don't tell me where he is I'll have no alternative but to Drop out of warp and prepare to be boarded. (Ends transmission.) Is he correct? Is he correct? Lower your weapon. (does likewise) If we find Captain Archer aboard this vessel, you'll all be punished for lying to me. Where? When I saw him last, your Captain spoke of a Temporal Cold War. What was he talking about? What else? There's a temporal signature in your turbolift. What do you know of that? Perhaps you haven't been lying to me. (to Tucker) You, shut down all comm. systems and computer terminals with the exception of Engineering and the Bridge. Confine all of them to their quarters. If anyone resists He's never failed to respond before. Archer wasn't on Enterprise. Why isn't he responding? I need instructions. That temporal signature, it changes everything. If Archer was pulled through time, we need new instructions. Where is he? Have the surgeons prepare, then bring me the Vulcan. [Library] Where is Archer? Who are you working with from the future? Does Captain Archer agree with that opinion? Does Archer agree with that determination? But Daniels is dead. Your captain is gone. Did Daniels take him into the past or the future? Did you think we wouldn't be watching Daniels' quarters? (Reed has been beaten up.) I guess you weren't, but you should be thinking now. Thinking about what will happen to you if you don't answer my questions. Are you thinking about that Lieutenant Reed? Good. Now tell me what this is. What does it do? What does it do? Yes? Who told you to destroy it? And why would that be? Have the Lieutenant returned to his quarters. [Engineering] (Two Suliban are hit by weapons fire, and the third is taken out by a Vulcan neck pinch.) What is it? Shut down the warp reactor. Keep me informed. (He returns to the device. In Enterprise's Engineering the monitors declare a core breach is in progress. The soldiers retreat as bits start exploding.) Yes? Did you correct the problem? We can't endanger the Helix. Evacuate your soldiers and have Enterprise towed out of the nebula. [Bridge] You do it. I'm busy. (Something is trying to come through on the time pad. The Suliban evacuate Enterprise and pods tow her away from the Helix. A figure starts to appear on the time pad. Silik looks like a worshipper at an altar.) Is that you? Can you hear me? (The Suliban pods sheer off as Enterprise's nacelles explode - or do they? Suddenly they light up blue and she goes to warp.) [Bridge] I've tried to reach you. I tried for two days. I did what you told me, but Archer wasn't on Enterprise. There was some kind of temporal signature. I need instructions. I don't know how to operate this device. I need your help. (a shadow figure starts to form) I hear you, but I don't understand. Repeat what you said. Please, repeat what you said. (The figure jumps off the pad and drop-kicks Silik.) Can you see? I've brought you Archer! He's here! Archer's here! There's no need to punish me. They've left. They're gone. I don't know. Twenty, thirty. My soldiers won't let you leave.
They boarded a cloaked vessel and they knew exactly where to find the discs. My ships are fast. We can overtake them and destroy Enterprise. But we need to recover the discs. I wouldn't advise using your weapons, Jonathan. Perhaps if we decloak, you'll understand why. (There are dozens of the pods. Hoshi suspends the transmission.) One of my ships is approaching your starboard docking port. I'd like you to board it immediately. You have five minutes. If you don't comply I have permission to destroy Enterprise. You have my word, Captain. And you also have four and a half minutes left. (ends transmission) Your captain's playing a very dangerous game, Sub-Commander. He has thirty seconds left. Did he think I wasn't serious? (Hoshi pauses transmission.) I thought he was smarter than this. He could have saved all your lives. What a waste. (Ends transmission.)
This wasn't part of our agreement. Please, I won't disappoint you again. But you're disabling me. If you're thinking of calling for help I'd advise against it. (materialises) I'm not the one you should be worried about, Jon. I thought you might want to thank me. I saved your life. The least you could do is return the favour. There's someone here trying to find me. I need to know who it is. I detected tachyon radiation. You don't have anything that emits tachyons. Who's looking for me? Did they tell you that ridiculous story about their noble efforts to protect history? The great Temporal Accord? They're lying to you, Jon. None of it is true. Whoever contacted you is working for another faction. They didn't come here to protect history. They came to alter it. Who do you think was responsible for the antimatter cascade that nearly destroyed your ship? It was them. I was sent to prevent it. I saved your ship because I was instructed to. I'm not privy to that kind of information, but I can tell you this. Whoever's looking for me is a danger to your crew. If you want to continue on your mission you'll help me find them. You've been very helpful, Jon. (Silik shoots him and walks out the door, leaving Porthos barking and licking at his master's face.) [Mess hall] Did they tell you that the twenty second century was going to be your final resting place? (Silik shoots him and he ripples, again and he flies apart. Tucker watches with T'Pol from the doorway.) Very clever. Careful, Jon. It would be a shame to trigger another antimatter cascade. There'd be nobody here to stop it. It would be in your best interest to let me take it. That's a cynical attitude, Jon. I thought your species was more trusting. (Enterprise shakes violently, both fall, there's a fight, Silik loses his weapon but escapes into a Jefferies tube.) [Bridge] You're going to kill me after I saved your life? (Silik shoots Daniels holoprojector out of his hand.) You may have endangered your future, Jon. (Silik disappears into the main bay. Suddenly hatch 4 opens and Archer is hanging onto a rail to stop being sucked into space. He drops his phase pistol and crawls onto a walk way. Silik calmly dives out of the ship. Archer manages to get out of the bay, close the launch doors and recompress the area. Silik free-falls to the Suliban pod)
Commander. Climb in. No. What's happening is beyond your comprehension. Get in the shuttlepod. I would rather not have to discharge this weapon. (Tucker moves to the pod, then pulls the hatch down and disarms Silik. They fight, but Silik escapes Tucker's grip by turning squidgy and wriggling out. Then he gets his weapon and stuns Tucker.) [Bridge]
The humans have him. Two of my soldiers were killed. One of them was a friend. Can you prevent it? I will, I promise you. When will we speak again? (in Klingon) Where is it? Where is it! (Chonta qhe'tor. Q.a) We're not going to harm you. Tell me where it is. Are you certain he's telling the truth? {Hovme lupHom. Pente daO? Enterprise DaHjaj?) Did you leave it on your ship? Is it on Enterprise? {BiHeqh Rigel wo'tul) What were you doing on Rigel ten? {Doh?) Who. {Dah Sarin saj'Kogh?) And what did Sarin give you? Keep him alive while I'm gone. [Launch bay] We need instructions. [Shuttlepod] I don't know. They followed us here. I don't know but I will destroy them before they locate the Helix. You're wasting your time. Klaang knows nothing. It would be unwise to discharge that weapon in this room. You're very curious, Jon. May I call you Jon? I've learned a great deal about you. Even more than you know. You wouldn't have come looking for Klaang if Sarin had told you what she knew. That means you're no threat to me Jon, but I do need you to leave this room. (door opens) Now. (knocks Archer down and takes his phase pistol) I was going to let you go. On the contrary. I could've told you what day you were going to die but I suppose that's about to change. (Silik fires the phase pistol, but the beam is so slow Archer easily avoids it. Instead it hits the wall and a shockwave knocks Silik down instead.) What you call tricks we call progress. Are you aware that your genome is almost identical to that of an ape? The Suliban don't share humanity's patience with natural selection.
You persist in asking questions you know I will not answer. (Archer opens the door and goes in.) Tell me, how was I planning to send that to the future? An impressive display, Captain. Though I'm not implying you're correct in any of your assumptions. But you don't have the answer you're seeking. The whereabouts of your missing crewman. (Archer pushes Silik up against the wall.) You've changed, Captain. And then? Are you going to destroy it? I don't care about your crewman, Captain, but I don't want Vosk to succeed any more than you do. I'll help you. There is one problem. I use my genetic enhancements to get inside the building. Your presence will negate that advantage. You're welcome. How do I look? Better? From my dealings with you and your crew, I'd come to believe that your race was inherently unaggressive. (Archer checks on a corpse in the street.) One thing is clear. When necessary, humans are fully capable of reverting to old methods. The way you handled that Xindi threat was extremely effective. No doubt it's the reason why Daniels chose you to stop Vosk. (They hide from an army patrol.) One doesn't join forces with Vosk. They're only a means to an end. To him and his followers, other species exist only to serve their needs. His faction once tried to eradicate the Suliban. They travelled into our past, altered it to prevent our species from attaining sentience. He was stopped by the Temporal Agents. They still oppose us, they're still our enemy. That will never change. (They come across a group of men around an oil drum fire.) Do we really need these people? I don't see how they can be of any use to us. Are you threatening me? Why would you do that? It only opens from the inside. (he squeezes through an air vent) Take cover. (Two alien scientists walk past.) They're activating the conduit. Work fast, Captain. (He does, and an alarm sounds.) [Bridge] We're in an extremely precarious position. It might help if I had a weapon.  They're in the atmosphere. Ionisation. The signal can't penetrate. I think not. You've proven a worthy opponent, Captain. I would've preferred to die fighting you, but I suppose I can settle for this. (dies)
 There's someone who needs to speak with you. Do with what? I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about. (Archer gets There's someone who needs to speak with you. He has information you should find helpful. Don't worry, you won't be harmed. Something to do with your species. It's in great danger. [Temporal communications room] (A humanoid silhouette is in a cone of light.) He can see you more clearly if you move closer. He wants to talk to you. It would be foolish to ignore him.
