Sorry to be late. Our friend Gul Dukat had some problems on the other side of the wormhole. I see you've had a few of Gul Dukat is signalling his ships to disarm. Clear me for docking, Mister O'Brien.
Ready, Dax? Doctor. (Dax and Sisko leave) Well, some things are still the same. Dax, did I ever tell you about the meals my father used to cook for us when we were children? Every night in my house, my dad insisted that we have supper together as a family. He would try out his new recipes on us. He used to call us his test tasters. Dax, I don't want years on my life if I can only eat steamed azna. Sautéed, rolloped, fricasseed, fine. But not steamed. I've missed your steamed azna. He was, you were, are a mentor, another father to me. It won't be that way with us. It's just a little uncomfortable right now. For murder? What's he doing out? Doesn't sound like there's much we can do about it. If he hasn't done anything wrong, you can't just arbitrarily force him to leave. Mister Odo, you're not going to take the law into your own hands. If you can't work within the rules, I'll find someone who can. [Holosuite] (Iduban is running a sensuous programme including birdsong and a massage, when someone with a wicked looking knife cuts it short.) [Promenade] (Nog has some bugs in a matchbox.) He might have entered the holosuite the same time Ibudan did. Doctor, I want you to look for evidence that could establish someone was in here with him. How many ships have left since yesterday. Advise all ships in dock that departures will be delayed until further notice. [O'Brien's quarters] (At their evening meal, Japanese-style.) Major, do you know Mister Zayra, who operates the Transit Aid centre? He was just telling me something disturbing. I think you should hear it You won't get an argument from me, Mrs O'Brien. When I found out what happened this morning on the Promenade I don't want to talk about this now. It's this Ferengi boy, Nog. Jake's won't be having anything more to do with him. As a Starfleet Commander and as a father, I think this is a terrific idea. What do you need? We'll find it. You'll have them. I hope you realise what you're getting yourself into. I can't force the Bajora, the Ferengi or anyone else to send their children to your school. And even if they do come, every one has a different culture, a different philosophy. If I hear of you hanging around with him. Listen, I hear what you're saying. I understand your concerns. And what would you suggest we do? The man we have in charge of a murder investigation is the prime suspect, Major. Those people have a right to complain. I don't see any other choice. I appreciate how you feel, but the decision stands. I'll inform him myself. [Infirmary] Sit down. I am temporarily relieving you of duty. I'm sure the reasons are obvious. I've placed Major Kira and Lieutenant Dax in charge. I want you to know I don't personally believe that you were responsible for this. I simply feel that putting Kira and Dax in charge of the investigation will be in everyone's best interests, including your own. Just what is it that's growing in there? What was Ibudan up to? (to Dax) Care for lunch? I don't even know. He'll go, she'll go through a list of them, then out comes another one in a later conversation. I'd guess that Jadzia is probably the sixth host. Changed? I guess I'll have to find that out. If I were to tell you some of the mischief he and I got into. There was a time, I was no older than you are, we were at the running of the Rujian Steeplechase. Dax loves the races. Anyway, there were these gorgeous seven foot Ruji twin sisters that Curzon knew, and he and I. I guess we won't be doing that again soon, will we? Dax and I are just friends, Doctor. If you're interested, you have nothing to fear from me. You don't understand, Doctor. Dax used to beat me regularly at bare fist Juro counterpunch. I'm here, Chief. What's going on? Odo's inside? I want more security here and I want them armed. Good idea. (Someone throws a piece of which breaks the Security office window, and the bearded man watches) [Infirmary] Coming through. What the hell do you people intend to accomplish here? And what do you think you're going to do to him if you get to him? Listen to me. You will disperse immediately. Return to your quarters. Return to your ships. (Missiles are thrown, one hits a deputy in the face. O'Brien and Kira go hand to hand with a couple of men. Sisko shoots in the air.) (Odo comes out) Do you? Justice? Really? Is it justice you're after or just some way to express your anger, your fear. Look at yourselves! In an hour, you'll regret what you've tried to do here. Do not condemn this man because he is different than you are. Then take that evidence to a court of law. There will be no justice served here today. How can we be sure the victim was a clone? What about Ibudan? Maybe it's just going to take a little time to
We don't know for a fact Garak's a spy, Doctor. I'm sure they are, Doctor Bashir. I don't think that'll be necessary, Doctor. Just be very cautious when you're around him. On screen. Mister O'Brien? Open a hailing frequency to the Cardassians. Cardassian vessel, you are violating Bajoran space. Break off your pursuit. Repeat, break off now. Open the channel. This is Benjamin Sisko, Starfleet Commander of the station. Who are you? Why are they pursuing? Get him out, Mister O'Brien. Open the channel, Mister O'Brien. He has requested asylum. To be honest, I haven't decided yet. I'll investigate the matter immediately. In the interim, if you'd care to dock your vessel, I'll be glad to hear an explanation for having violated Bajoran space and threatened a Federation facility. I stand corrected. Sisko out. (transmission ends) The Major and I will be at the Infirmary. I'd like some time to talk with this fellow Tahna. When Gul Danar comes in, it'd be nice if we had a few docking regulations to keep him outside a while. Were you part of this Kohn-Ma, Major? You'd still be out murdering Cardassians or even some Bajorans that the Kohn-Ma hold in contempt. Didn't they claim responsibility for the assassination of one of your First Ministers last month? [Promenade] Is he Kohn-Ma? I suggest you get your priorities straight, Major, because I don't have any room for divided loyalties in this command. And I won't have a Kohn-Ma terrorist using this station as a protective shield for continuing violence. Apparently his war with the Cardassians isn't over yet. Before? I'm Commander Benjamin Sisko. I have a few questions for you if you're up to answering them. Major, perhaps I should conduct this alone. For starters, why were they chasing you? I assume as a member of the Kohn-Ma you've committed serious acts against them. Any of them since their withdrawal from Bajor? Why would you continue the violence against them now? Well done. I have some more research to do on the Kohn-Ma before I see them. No. In my office. [Commander's office] Yes, Admiral. [Infirmary] (Tahna wakes with a start) I apologise. We're still trying to repair all the damage your forces did before they left. It does create unreasonable delays. Well, we've got a problem. Danar, in war, both sides commit atrocities. He tells me that he has renounced the Kohn-Ma and wants to help to rebuild Bajor. I appreciate the Cardassian position but I know if a Bajoran freedom-fighter is turned over to the Cardassians by the Federation, that would be a mistake that would undermine everything that I'm trying to accomplish here. So, with apologies, I'm going to grant him asylum for the time being. Eventually, he'll want to relocate to Bajor and if you want to pursue the matter with the Provisional Government, then that's your business. [Tahna's quarters] Lursa and B'Etor. They tried to grab control of the Klingon High Council, started a brief civil war. They've been out of sight since then. We've heard they've been trying to raise capital to rebuild their armies. What are they doing here? I don't like it. Odo. They haven't broken any laws here. You can't just throw them in jail. Keep an eye on them. Any predictions? Good. Done. Be sure to mention it the next time you chat with Admiral Rollman. Go over my head again and I'll have yours on a platter [Commander's Office] (Odo is waiting) So, Constable. News about our Klingon sisters? Friends? Tahna with Lursa and B'Etor? Two other members of the Kohn-Ma may be bringing it. Major Kira mentioned that they were on their way. Not quite yet. [Garak's shop] Major? I'd like to meet the two Kohn-Ma who just arrived as soon as possible. How do they seem to you? Do you feel as secure about them as you do about Tahna Los? Yes, Doctor? How's that? A suit? Why twenty fifty five? Sometimes communications can't be conducted through official channels. Maybe this is their way of telling us that we have a common enemy. I think, Doctor, you could definitely use a new suit. [Security office] We have nothing to hold them on. they haven't committed any crime yet. Agreed. Not agreed. Major. Mister O'Brien, you and I will take a runabout to a point behind the second moon of Bajor Eight to avoid detection. Dax, stay in touch with us on a secured channel. Keep an eye on the Cardassians. They'll be coming to the party, too. You get him there, Major. We'll be waiting. [Security office] (Odo is watching on a monitor) Understood, Lieutenant. Shut down all main power systems. Prepare to go to full impulse. [Runabout Yangtzee Kiang] (Lursa and B'Etor beam in with a cylinder.) Set up an intercept course for the runabout. Acknowledged. Follow them. Ganges to Yangtzee Kiang. [Runabout Yangtzee Kiang] He's headed straight back for the station. This is the Federation vessel Ganges to Cardassian warship Aldara. Gul Danar, the Federation runabout Yangtzee Kiang is carrying an explosive bilitrium device. Can you intercept before it reaches the space station? Can we get them in a tractor beam? Ready photons, Chief. We'll fire as soon as they slow to impulse. You can either surrender now to me or you can wait for the Cardassian warship [Runabout Yangtzee Kiang] Your choice. [Runabout Yangtzee Kiang] (Tahna hands the phaser to Kira)
Chief, I thought you were going to fix the replicators. Very much appreciated, Mister O'Brien. You all right, Chief? Send my regards to Mrs O'Brien. Jake tells me she's a wonderful teacher. Excuse me? What was that you just said? I'm glad to hear it. I'm not sure I follow you, Doctor. You say Mister O'Brien is aphasic, but all of his tests come up negative. Do you have any theories? Find one. Major Kira, get hold of the Chief's personal duty log. I want to know where he's been and what he's done for the past fifty two hours. Retrace his steps and see what you come up with. Dax, you will temporarily assume Mister O'Brien's duties. Is there a problem, Lieutenant? Lieutenant? A virus? I'd see a tricorder but I would say something ridiculous like window. Doctor, I want this station put under emergency quarantine immediately. Jake! I expected you home an hour ago. It's just a precaution. Nothing more. [Promenade] Go straight home, son. I'll see you at dinner. (Jake leaves) Captain Jaheel, all visitors have been confined to their ships. Then what are you doing here? Request denied. Captain, I suggest you return to your ship now. I'm sorry, but until we find a cure for this thing, no one's going anywhere. [Empty quarters] (Quark lets himself into the room with a food trolley and goes to the replicator) You're saying it's in our food? But all of us here have eaten from those replicators. How come we're not aphasic? Get a repair crew over there to inspect the site. Let's shut down those replicators. Maybe we'll be able to limit further contamination. How is that possible? What is it, Doctor? The virus? O'Brien must have accidently triggered it when he repaired the system. So what we have here is sabotage. How can you be sure? Sisko here. On my way. [Infirmary] You wanted to see me, Doctor? (Then he sees -) Jake? I'll take him there myself. Come on, Jake. You're going to be all right. Well, Quark, I see even you couldn't weasel your way clear of this one. No one's that devious. We're doing everything possible. I'll be back as soon as I can. [Infirmary] You're saying the Cardassians genetically engineered this thing? All right then, who made it. Doctor! Who created this virus? But why would the underground go to all the trouble of planting a booby trap and not set it off? We need to find out who created this virus. You're our best hope. We just have to hope they remembers the antidote. How is he, Doctor? Can he be stabilised? What are his chances? Have you made any progress? Keep searching, Doctor. I hope Major Kira can find whoever's responsible for creating this virus. I'll try to arrange it for you. [Ops] No need to ask how you're doing. You have twelve hours to catch one. People start dying. You're probably right, Constable, but as you can see, you're all I've got. Does he have an antidote? Major, you mind telling me where you're going? Major, I can't allow you to break quarantine. We can't risk spreading the virus to Bajor. Jake. How's it going? I've missed you. I know things don't look too good right now, but they'll get better. You have to believe that. Because I'm not going to lose you, Jake. You hear me? I'm not going to lose you. [Ops] Docking port five? That's Jaheel's ship. Put him on screen. Captain, your ship has not been cleared for departure. The mooring clamps are locked and I don't intend to release them. Captain, cut your engines before you rip your ship apart. Jaheel, I'm ordering you to stand down. Look, I understand you're frightened, but believe me, you're better off here. You don't want to be out there alone and get hit by the virus. We'll have to retract the clamps. Once he's clear of the station we can grab him with a tractor beam. Damn. There's too much stress on the mooring clamps. They're not retracting. (Jaheel is being shaken around)  His main power core's been ruptured. If the internal fuel cells collapse the whole ship will explode. Try to re-establish visual contact with Jaheel's ship. Bypass communications through a secondary grid. See if you can switch to external pickups. We have about fifteen minutes before the fuel cells collapse. It must be that damn virus. This is Sisko. Any station personnel who can understand what I'm saying come to Ops immediately. We need help up here. We have to get that ship away from the station. We'll have to get down there and blow them manually. All right. You can cross barrels. All job appalled. Bread the arrive seen earlier. Good to have you back, Chief. (to replicator) Coffee, black. (it's revolting) O'Brien! <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Miss Sarda, why don't tell me exactly what happened? When did you start to have trouble with Quark? He immediately made sexual advances? And what did you say? That didn't stop him? You're telling me the contract you signed requires you to I'm not a legal expert either, but I can assure you, after I talk to Quark, he won't hold you or anyone else to this provision concerning the exchange Excuse me. Are any of the transports due back? Put us on yellow alert. [Ops] Hail it. On screen. (A reptilian life form.) Welcome to the Alpha Quadrant. I'm Commander Benjamin Sisko of the United Federation of Planets. You've passed through a wormhole into a new part of the galaxy. That was one of our patrol vessels. You've travelled almost ninety thousand light years. What planet do you come from? It's stable. You can return whenever you want. In the meantime, you're welcome to dock here and we'll try to answer all your questions. Prepare to transport him off his ship. Sir, your ship is in danger of Do it. Agreed. Why don't you meet him by yourself at the airlock, Mister O'Brien. He might find that a little less intimidating. And, if you can, find out what he's so nervous about. Negative. What're you thinking, Chief? You think he's on the run? Stay with him as much as possible while he's here. I'll tell Odo to keep an eye on him too. I thought you said he lied about the damage to his ship. When do you think his ship be ready? I don't see that we have much of a choice. We can't hold him. If he wants to tell you the truth, fine. If not, wish him well and send him on his way. [Corridor] (Tosk is working on a junction box when a picture morphs into) And I can't accept that as an answer. You were tampering with the security grid. I consider that a threat. What were you going to do with the weapons? What does that mean? Is that supposed to explain all this? Hold him for now. We'll wait to see if someone shows up looking for him. (Sisko and Odo leave) Hail them. Maybe we'll finally get a few answers. Again. Rotate frequencies. (a light passes across ops) Not yet, Major. Let them have a good look at us. Now, Major. Open all hailing channels. This is Commander Benjamin Sisko of the United (Shudder) Location? Security to the Promenade. Kira, O'Brien with me. Dax, you have Ops. [Promenade] (The aliens wear helmets with glowing blue faceplates, spacesuits, and weapons..) Ready phasers. (After the adverts, the aliens advance a few steps menacingly) I'm Commander of this station. Put down your weapons. (Odo steps forward and gets slapped to the ground. Sisko hauls Odo away as Kira and security open fire. The aliens absorb the energy beams with a device on their forearms, but Sisko manages to get one in the chest, then O'Brien does likewise. They don't stay down for long though. A Security guard takes one out from the upper level.) Increase setting to level six. Entertaining? You're saying that this whole thing is a hunt and Tosk is the prey? You've disrupted life on this station for the pleasure of your hunt? I'm not inclined to take orders from you. Odo, watch the prisoner while our guest and I discuss this in private. Unless you intend to take him by force, in which case I am prepared to give orders to open fire on your ship. Centuries ago, people on my world engaged in bloodsports, killing lower species for pleasure. A few cultures still do. But even they wouldn't consider hunting a sentient being. I comprehend just fine. I have no tolerance for the abuse of any lifeform. I can't judge what is right and wrong for your world. But on this station I've agreed to release him. It's their custom, Chief. Under the prime directive, we have no right to interfere. If he asks for it. [Holding area] Calm down, Constable. What are you talking about? I didn't give him any orders at all. Sisko to O'Brien. [Security office] Constable. There's no hurry. [Access tube] Just what did happen at that security checkpoint, Chief? Must have? So in effect you assaulted him. Our first contact with a new species. We've got dozens of top level officials back at Starfleet Command eagerly waiting to hear about our encounter with the first new lifeforms to come through the wormhole. How do you suggest I write up this report? Save it. You ignored your duty to Starfleet. You took off your comm. badge so you could ignore me. You even ignored the Prime Directive by interfering with their damned hunt. Another stunt like this and your wife won't have to complain about the conditions here anymore. Do I make myself clear? What's that? I guess that one got by us. Dismissed. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Chief, we have to get this hatch open. Lieutenant Dax and Ensign Pauley are trapped in there. Forget it Major. The hatch is made of duranium composite. It'll take you an hour to get through. Two. Doctor, we'd better get these people over to the infirmary. And she claims she knew nothing about the wormhole? How could she get there in the first place if she didn't go through the wormhole? This doesn't make sense. A human alone in the Gamma Quadrant for two years? Let's check her background. See what we can find out about her. That's a good place to start. [Assay office] You're not leaving us so soon? The Daystrom Institute will be very disappointed. Their scientists are anxious to hear about life in the Gamma Quadrant. Every place you've been, everything you've seen, no matter how insignificant, could prove important. Including how you got there. Professor Woo seemed especially eager to speak to you again. On two occasions. Something about the sale of illegal artefacts. The professor was hoping you'd make an exception in this case. Here's your chance. I could arrange passage. Fine. I'll take care of it. [Runabout Ganges] It didn't look that way this morning. But Did you check the central power linkages? Tell me Chief, how well do you know this woman Vash? What was she doing there? Somehow she doesn't seem to be his type. Status report? Good. I'll tell Odo he can relax now. Q? Here? A powerful and extremely unpredictable entity. I was at a Starfleet briefing on him two years ago. Whatever it is, you can be sure we won't like it. From the Enterprise? How long will it take to bring us back up to full power? I'm not laughing. [Quark's] (The box containing the glowing stone is open) We need to talk. It can wait. (Quark leaves) Tell me about Q. (Q is at the table behind them) I want you off this station. I'm not impressed by your parlour tricks. These power outages are going to stop right now. If you're looking for sympathy, you've come to the wrong place. Why don't you and I continue this discussion in private? Sisko to Ops. Bring them back, Q, now! What? I'm not Picard. Decompression protocol. Mister O'Brien, raise the confinement shields. Damage report. Every time we've had a power drain, it's been followed by an increase in the graviton field. If this continues, we could wind up with a breach in one of our reactor cores. We'd lose half the station. I'm not convinced Q is behind this. Playing with the lights and punching holes in the hull doesn't strike me as his style. [Security office] Do it. Unless we get this under control in the next eight hours, we'll begin evacuation procedures. Q, either you tell us what's going on or get the hell out of the way. How soon can you begin the sensor sweep? Use control thrusters to stabilise the station. Put life support on emergency backup. Take everything else offline. What's our heading? Where in the central core? What the hell could be pulling us into the wormhole? Do we have time to transfer auxiliary power to the deflectors, Chief? It's a chance we've got to take. Bring us to full power, Mister O'Brien. Everything you've got. Chief, you have Ops. [Quark's] This auction's over. Chief, shut down the reactors. We've found it. Chief, lock on to my combadge. Prepare to transport it five hundred metres off the docking ring. (puts the badge on the box) Energize. [Promenade - upper level] (As everyone watches, a golden space creature is born from the thing in the box and flies off into the wormhole) Station log, stardate 46532.3. With the embryonic lifeform off the station, graviton levels have returned to normal. We've used the control thrusters to return the station to its original position. [Quark's]
Yes, Major. It looks like a residual charge in the graviton generator. If that's what it is, it'll bleed off. Let's run a quick level three diagnostic, just to be sure. [Corridor] (Bashir recovers consciousness) Full station security alert. Secure all turbolifts, seal off airlocks for levels four through twelve. Computer, locate Lieutenant Dax. Major, survey all ships in dock with a high warp capability. Damn! That's why we've got a residual charge in the graviton generator. They've disabled the tractor beam. Seal off all docking ring airlocks. I'm trying to speed up the bleed-off process in the graviton generator. (The ship undocks.) It's working. I'm increasing the flow to the EPS wave guides. Engage tractor beam. Bring it in to docking port six, Major. [Airlock] Extradition? I call this kidnapping and assault. And the charge? Thirty years ago? That would've been Curzon Dax. He never mentioned he'd even been to Klaestron Four. Strange. Odo, let me tell you something. Curzon Dax tended to be a little cavalier about life, even about his personal responsibilities from time to time. I think that was part of the reason I liked him so much. He had more faults than the usual socially acceptable Trill. He was not a murderer. It's all nonsense, Constable. I'm telling you, I knew the man. I've sent a subspace message to Klaestron Four requesting confirmation of the warrant. That's the only stall I could think of. Now, what the hell's going on, Dax? Dax, if I'm going to help you, you've got to help me. Are you crazy? Treason and murder. On Klaestron Four, either of those gets you the death penalty. What's the matter with you? Talk to me before I have to let these people take you. We've got eighteen, twenty years of friendship behind us. So when the Dax part of you survived from one host to the next, it really didn't take our friendship along. You know, Mister Tandro, I kept wondering why you tried to kidnap Lieutenant Dax, rather than just present your warrant to me in the proper way. I couldn't figure that out at first. This station is technically Bajoran. You don't have an extradition treaty with Bajor. I think that's why you tried to abduct Lieutenant Dax. You were afraid the Bajorans would refuse extradition. No, your conversation is with my First Officer now. I'm afraid Bajoran interests are involved, and Bajor is adamant that. At least I believe it's adamant. You see. There will have to be an extradition hearing before I can lawfully release Lieutenant Dax. [Quark's] I was just coming to see you. We still haven't found a place for the hearing. Holding it on Bajor would involve Dax leaving the station and I don't want to risk that. Nice gesture. You know, I haven't been able to get a word out of Dax about any of this. So I thought someone might go do some investigating on Klaestron Four itself. What do you think? I'm hoping to make it a little longer than that. You say the warrant's in order. But the name on the warrant is Dax. Certainly that doesn't refer to Jadzia Dax, a female, but to the now deceased Curzon Dax, a male. This young woman wasn't even born thirty years ago. Exactly. From one host to the next. A different host, a different person. So I submit that the person he wants to extradite no longer exists, and I challenge him to prove otherwise. I care. Doctor, we've given the opposition access to our computers and station library, so let's utilize them ourselves. I want you to find all the medical evidence you can to support the theory that Jadzia Dax and Curzon Dax are two entirely separate people. Major Assume there is, then find it. Major, I'm not asking you to be an attorney here, but if you could check the Federation computers for any precedents, legal decisions involving Trills. Right. That kind of thing. Then that answer is wrong. From this minute on, our answer is no. But if you do find a wrong answer, I want to see it. I can't fight what I don't know about. We only have a few hours, people. (Kira and Bashir leave) Constable What've you got for us? Now that sounds like the Curzon Dax I knew. Thanks for the confidence. Madame Arbiter, this is not a trial and Mister Tandro is not the prosecutor. Minister Peers, you said you were with your first host throughout her adult life. So, before a symbiont is joined with any host, that host has already lived a significant portion of his or her life from birth to what age, sir? Why not younger? And once they are joined, this host's personality is completely suppressed by the symbiont? So with each new host there does come in fact, a new personality, a new combined person. A different person. Well I for one don't know from what other standpoint we could be talking about. Thank you, Minister. Yes, the memories were passed to an entirely new host, to an entirely different person. Doctor, you've heard the arguments. From a medical viewpoint, are Curzon Dax and Jadzia Dax the same person. Madame Arbiter. (Sisko gives her a PADD) Thank you, Doctor. Yes, Madame Arbiter. I'd like to call the one person in this courtroom who knew Curzon Dax. Me. With your permission, I'd like Major Kira will direct the questions. He probably wasn't the ideal Trill. He drank a little too much. He could be more interested in women than maybe he should've been. I'm simply pointing out that he was not at all like the young woman in this courtroom. He took a raw young Ensign under his wing and taught me to appreciate life in ways I'd never thought about before. He taught me about art and science and diplomacy. Whatever sense of honour I might have today, he nurtured. Treason, murder. He was not capable of those things. I'm describing my friend, Curzon Dax. A man I knew very well. On the other hand, I can't tell you too much about my new friend there. We're really just getting to know each other. I prefer no crime to go unpunished. How can you be so sure that the symbiont was the criminal influence? What if it were the Curzon host that was responsible? Then the surviving symbiont would be completely innocent. I think you've just made my point for me. When the water boils off, the salt returns to its original state. Pour that same salt into another liquid, and you have something completely different. Jadzia Dax is an entirely new entity. If you won't defend yourself, you're not going to testify. Good. You can't tell me Curzon would log in a communiqué to the enemy. They were close friends. The wife? Curzon Dax and Enina Tandro. You've been protecting her reputation. That's it, isn't it? That's why you won't even defend yourself. There are worse things than an illicit love affair. Curzon didn't murder anybody. He didn't commit treason. Are you really willing to commit suicide over something done in another lifetime? That is what you're doing, you know. My God, Dax. Young Tandro, that wouldn't be your son? Then what is it that's holding you back? Help me. Damn it, if you were still a man. (Sisko hits a support pillar instead) Don't talk to me about my temper. You're not going to get me off track here. And you knocked me down with a right cross before I could kill him. I still have a little scar here from your ring finger. If you don't help me, old man, they're going to take you because I don't know any more arguments. It is my an obligation to protect the lives of those in my command. You ought to know that. You taught it to me. I'll stop trying to protect you the minute you tell me Curzon was guilty of these charges. Enough to kill her husband? What else can I do? At what age did the host, Jadzia, first want to be joined as a Trill? The competition to become a Trill is very strong, then, among potential hosts. How did young Jadzia finally become a host candidate? Including psychological tests, to determine the strength of character of the prospective host. Is that true? And the young Jadzia excelled in those tests of academics and character, of psychological stability. If you can remember other things, remember that as well. What academic degrees do you hold, Lieutenant? How many of those degrees did you earn before you being joined with the symbiont Dax? All of them. As Jadzia. Alone. This brilliant and independent young woman has done nothing in her life but contribute to her society. Madame Arbiter, how can anyone justify trying her for a crime allegedly committed by another entity before she was even born?
I'm Benjamin Sisko, Commander of DS Nine. I want to speak to Doctor Bashir. Is he all right? What have you done to his mind, Vantika? I can't do that.
I haven't worn this in almost three years. I must've lost a little weight. Feels kind of baggy. Since when are you interested in Bajoran fashions? Since when are you interested in Bajoran girls? Wasn't it just a few weeks ago that you were playing with model starships? You and I have got to have a talk, young man, about women. I mean it. There are some things you have got to know. Oh yeah? And who told you? Nog. So all you know about women you've heard from the Ferengi boy. Swell. Listen, I don't have time now, but obviously I have a lot of damage control to do with you on this subject. Let's set aside some time tomorrow. Okay. Tomorrow morning, first thing. A Vulcan ship has made contact with a new species called Wadi in the Gamma Quadrant three weeks ago. We're expecting a delegation from their planet. First contact is our most important mission, Jake. It has to be handled delicately. You might say it's sort of like a first date with a girl. You want to show a certain respect for Go ahead. [Ops] Sisko out. Tomorrow morning. [Airlock corridor] (Only the Doctor is not in Starfleet dress uniform. Bajorans don't have one.) Where's your uniform, Doctor? Listen to me. This is no dress rehearsal, this is the real thing. Our first formal reception for a delegation from the Gamma Quadrant, and I want things to go right from this moment on. Clear? Let's do it. (Enter the Wadi, tall humanoids with what look like tattoos on their faces) Welcome in the name of Bajor and the United Federation of Planets. I am Commander Benjamin Sisko, and on behalf of my senior staff officers, Major Kira, Lieutenant Dax and Doctor Bashir Games? First contact is not what it used to be. [Quark's] (The Wadi are watching the dabo wheel) That's not the point. Damn it, Quark, this is a new lifeform from the Gamma Quadrant. I expect you to treat them with Not quite. Quark. Take the juice. McCoullough. Captain McCoullough. That's the name I've been trying to remember for the last six hours. McCoullough's the one who wrote the revised First Contact procedures for Starfleet. I wish he was here now instead of me. With all due respect to the procedures and to McCoullough, I have had it. This is as far as duty takes me. Keep them happy. If they ever get tired of playing dabo, let me know. Good night. What are you still doing up? Nog is older than you, Jake. He stays up later. He probably does things, things with girls for instance, you're not ready for yet. You know what time you're supposed to go to bed. We never had any problems with it until Nog. I'm glad we agree on something. Go to bed. Great. Just great. I've done nothing for the past six hours but eat Ferengi lokar beans and watch people play childish games. [Quark's] (Falow catches Broik cheating) Sisko to Ops. Sisko to Security. Computer, freeze programme. End programme. Exit. (Sisko tries all of the doors. Only one opens, into a corridor. Sisko tries the doors there and Falow is behind the third one.) You? Where is this place? Where have you brought me? Falow! (A man screams and Sisko runs towards it) Doctor! This isn't a dream. We're guests of the Wadi. I don't know yet. I just had a strange run-in with Falow. He said something about moving along home. I don't find this fascinating either, Major, but I suggest we take Falow's advice and find our way home. Use your tricorders for proximity checks every two minutes. And if all else fails, just yell again, Doctor. We'll find you. [Security office] This is Sisko I've found something. (Kira joins him, then Dax and Bashir) Are you all right? She's goes right through it. Pawns. (There is laughter ahead) [Chamber] (It's a party, and includes some of the Wadi from Quark's) Don't drink or eat anything. Or maybe it's drugged or poisoned. (Falow enters, laughing) Falow. We're not playing any more. You brought us here. You take us home. (They all collapse, coughing) Let's go. [Quark's] Listen. Find cover if you can. (Noisy swirly lights arrive. Sisko, Dax and Kira press themselves against the side walls but Bashir is left in front of the closed door.) (In Quark's, Falow takes a piece off the board, and Bashir vanishes along with the light.) Falow! [Quark's] Doctor? Spread out. Dax! Nothing's broken. Doctor, we need some help, Dax is hurt. See if you can put some weight on it. Come on, let's get out of here. (They come to a ledge by a very deep but fairly narrow crevasse) There's got to be a way around this. How could I live out that life knowing I left you behind, old man. Yeah, I've heard that one somewhere. Then I'm glad I'm not the one who's hurt. Major. Major, you go across. We'll find a way around. We'll be all right. (Kira helps Sisko support Dax) Major, I gave you a direct order. I can't. You're not in Starfleet. Only a few metres more. (Another tremor, and everyone falls. Sisko grabs Kira as she goes over the edge) Hang on! Not so fast. This may all have been a game to you, but we take first contact with a new species very seriously, and I don't appreciate Yes, Odo? Quark. Cheating?
Jake, I've got a terrific surprise for you. The two of us are going to Bajor for the start of the Gratitude Festival. It's the biggest Bajoran holiday of the year. Major Kira says it's pretty spectacular. And I figured, while we were on the surface, we could visit those fire caverns you've been wanting to see. This afternoon, right after school. Three days. Well, no, not if you don't want to. What kind of plans? An Andorian freighter? Let me get this straight. You would rather hang around a cargo bay with Nog than visit the Bajoran fire caverns with the old man? Chief, I just heard that airlock nine is jammed again. So how's school? The students giving you a hard time? I hope Jake's behaving himself. Just what? I'm afraid that's easier said than done. The two of them have become inseparable. I appreciate the advice, Chief, but I trust my son. (the turbolift is working again) Besides, if I get between them now, it would become me versus Nog, and I'm not going to force Jake to choose between us. Because I'd probably lose. That's because your daughter's three. Wait until she's fourteen. [Quark's quarters] (The tall alien is testing the food - which is still moving) That's the third Ferengi ship to arrive here in the last eighteen hours. I don't think we have to go that far. Sisko to Odo. [Promenade - upper level] About all these Ferengi visitors we've been getting Oatmeal lumpy again? Want to talk about it? I see. You can still get together with him after school. Did he say why? Usually they don't. I believe that, and I'm glad you believe that too. But human values and Ferengi values are very different. We've never been able to form a common bond. These things happen. Hey, how about after school we play a little baseball? Aren't they Ferengi explosives? Yes, Doctor? I guess it's time to have little chat with the Grand Nagus. Now look here, Quark. Those locator bombs are damn near foolproof. You were lucky once. Next time we could be scraping you off the walls. Whoever planned this could have had an accomplice. You were out pretty late last night. You came in after midnight. What kind of stuff? With Nog? Good. Then you can tell me all about it. Private? I want you home in time for dinner. Understood? Come in. I sat down a half hour ago, about the time Jake was supposed to be home. Where else. Going through my own adolescence was difficult enough. Surviving my son's is going to take a miracle. Which was easier? You would? Computer, locate Jake Sisko. Thanks, old man. (Dax helps herself to a bowl of stew) [Cargo bay] (Sisko can hear voices) Jake. I was waiting for you. (Sisko hugs Jake) You're a great boy, you know that? Now go be with your friend. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I haven't met any before now. I'd like you to return to your ship now. You have my sympathies, but there may be more questions. Please don't leave the station. The law will deal with him. Do you have enough evidence to hold them, Constable? I want to be sure you understand exactly what's going to happen. There will be a trial to determine your guilt or innocence. We can assign an advocate or you can request one from your home world. Really. Isn't murder considered a serious crime where you come from? It's a shame that our first encounter with your species had to take place under these circumstances. Why not? I don't see that we have any choice. We have to contact his planet. How's that? Thank us? There's only way to find out. Dax? You're with me. Major Kira, as long as the Miradorn ship is here, there's a threat to Croden. I don't want to have to tell his people that he was killed while in our custody. Open hailing frequencies. This is the Federation Starship Rio Grande attempting to make contact with the planet Rakhar. Please respond. One of your people has committed a homicide and we have him in custody. His name is Croden. On screen I'm afraid we haven't brought him with us. On our space station. Perhaps I should explain where we come from. I am sorry to hear that, but we certainly will respect your wishes. We just felt it necessary after Croden was arrested He's scheduled to be tried for his crime on our station . I would feel more comfortable if we could Expect him to return in a vessel just like this one within fifty two hours. [Infirmary] (Bashir has the stone under a scanning microscope) Come in. Constable, I want you to escort the prisoner back to his home planet. Croden apparently committed crimes on Rakhar. His government is adamant and the Bajorans have agreed to release him. Yes, I know. Ah-Kel's been screening every ship leaving the station. How soon can you be ready? There's a Rigelian freighter leaving here for the Gamma Quadrant in an hour. Maybe we can use them to run interference between you and the Miradorn ship. Constable, once you're on the other side, you'll be on your own. The Miradorn vessel can outrun any of our runabouts and if they do come after you, a warning from us will just point an arrow to you. Signal Odo. (The runabout tucks underneath the freighter as it leaves) Yes, Chief? Major, do whatever you can to delay them. Dax, how long before Odo reaches Rakhar? On screen. (WHOOSH) [Runabout Ganges]
So they wanted us to find these. Well, there's nothing of strategic value here, just personal logs and some files on Bajoran terrorists. But it is a glimpse into the Cardassian mind. Oh, er, Dax and Mister O'Brien discovered some of the last Prefect's personal files. There's a file on you. You may find it disappointing. Sisko here. What's the problem [Airlock] Kai Opaka. Why would she be here? Major, when you're through feeling underappreciated, perhaps you'd join me in welcoming the Kai aboard. [Promenade] Opaka and Kira come out of the temple, followed by Sisko and Bashir. She's never even left Bajor before. Unfortunately, it can only be seen when a ship enters it or exits. But there's nothing scheduled for today. Sisko to O'Brien. Prepare the Yangtzee Kiang for launch, Chief. Kira and I are taking the Kai through the wormhole. I didn't want to keep you from your duties, Doctor. All right. This way. [Airlock] Is the ship ready, Chief? After you. We'll be entering the wormhole in about a minute. Yangtzee Kiang to DS Nine. Estimated time of return, fourteen hundred hours. Here we go. (WHOOSH, and they travel through the lines of energy to the Gamma Quadrant.) My smoothest ride yet, Major. The other side of the galaxy, to be precise. The Gamma quadrant is seventy thousand light years from Bajor. It would take our fastest starship over sixty seven years to get here. You'll be seeing what this wormhole is worth to Bajor in a few years. There's not much else to show you yet. I don't understand, Opaka. Take us back to the wormhole, Major. What do you make of it? Launch a class two probe. We'll follow it up later. I'm not sure that's a good idea. Can you get a fix on the source, Major? I guess we'd better take a look. (At a small brown planet) There's your answer. A network of artificial satellites. One of them looks like it's malfunctioning. Its orbit is unstable. I'd bet the signals we picked up were from the system trying to repair it. Humanoid? Can you verify that? Take us in a little closer. Shields up! Attempting to compensate with secondary boosters. Hold on, we're going down. Check contingency fuel cell output. Doctor, watch the hull temperature. Pitching up to twenty degrees. Ejecting antimatter pod. Brace for impact! (Blackout, thud, crash) [Moon] (The runabout has dug itself into the surface. They blow an emergency hatch. Sisko and Bashir are out first, then they lift out Opaka. Her eyes stare at nothing.) We've got company. (A bunch of ragged aliens arrive with weapons.) [Ops] I'm Commander Benjamin Sisko. Major Kira Nerys and Doctor Julian Bashir. We were attacked by one of your satellites. Our ship was damaged and we crashed. We were exploring. We've recently discovered a permanent wormhole linking our quadrant of the galaxy with yours. I command a space station at the mouth of that wormhole. We're just beginning to explore this sector. As I said, our home is on the other side of the galaxy. (Kira is in pain) Who are you fighting? Yes. We don't plan to be here long. No, but a rescue team is probably on it's way right now. You don't control the satellites? Then this is a penal colony Where are your doctors? You have no medical personnel? How do you survive without Doctor Bashir will give you any medical assistance he can, but understand, we can't take sides in your battle. Seems we're in the middle of a pretty ugly war. Shel-la says his people will protect us from their enemy in exchange for your services. Do whatever you can. How's the shoulder, Major? Don't count on a quick rescue. This moon is some kind of high security prison colony. (BANG! Enter the enemy, firing. There are casualties on both sides. Kira runs for a dropped phaser) Major! (Kira fires at the cave roof, bringing rocks down on their attackers.) Put your phaser down, Kira. (Yes, it is Opaka.) (A little later, as bodies are being dragged away.) Opaka, are you aware of what happened? After we crashed, we pulled you from the wreckage but you were How do you explain this, Doctor? How? Bio-mechanical? You mean something artificial? Is she in any danger? You've died before? Doctor, we're in the middle of a war. It's too dangerous. He's not alone. How long have you been here? What is this punishment, Shel-la? What was your crime? The Nol can say the very same thing. Major, this is not our That's enough, Major. I said, that's enough! Listen to me, Shel-la. Our rescue is not going to take years. Days, weeks maybe, but they will find us and then they'll penetrate the defence net and transport us out of here. We'd be willing to transport all of you away from here if that's what you want. For both sides, the Ennis and the Nol-Ennis. After you leave, you can go wherever you want, but end this nightmare. Stop fighting long enough for all of us to get off this moon. Ask him. What do you care about? If you want to end the suffering of your people, then at least try. Set up a meeting with this Zlangco. Talk about this. Good. When. Major Kira will be staying here with the Kai. Any progress, Doctor? Talks about a cease fire. I told them that we'd transport them off this moon. I don't need you to interpret the prime directive for me, Doctor. Whatever crimes they've committed they've paid for a hundred times over. They've been altered somehow and been abandoned by their world. I believe the Federation would recognise them as separate and unique. Benjamin Sisko, Commander of a Federation space station. The Federation is made up of over a hundred planets who have allied themselves for mutual scientific, cultural and defensive benefits. The mission that my people and I are on is to explore the galaxy. If you've had enough of this, then make your leaders stop and listen. Your only reason to live is to make each other suffer. If you've had enough of suffering, then make them stop. I'm not here to be a mediator, but if you ask for an alternative I'll give you one. In a matter of days, when our rescue party arrives, I can arrange to transport you and your people off this moon, if both sides can only cooperate until then. If that's what you wish. We have allied ourselves with no one. We were defending ourselves. That's not true. Permanently? So if we transport anyone off this planet, we kill them. The Kai? Go ahead, Chief. I can barely read you. We're alive, but the Yangtzee Kiang was destroyed. Will you be able to beam us up? But those satellites will come after you if you get too close. They're armed. One of them cut us down without any trouble at all. Let me know before you're ready to make an attempt. We have to talk to the Kai. [Cave] Neither side took it seriously. The Rio Grande has made contact. Dax and O'Brien are in orbit. They're working on a way to penetrate the defence system. How could you do that? Ready. [Runabout Rio Grande] Energise when ready, Chief. (The noise of a fight outside) Opaka, if we can ever find a way
Let's welcome them aboard. Dax, any word on the Navot? Chief, I thought you'd be on your way to Bajor by now. Has something come up that requires your presence on the station, Chief? Only that his village was in danger of extinction. I agree. Docking port six. I'd like you to set a preliminary meeting with both sides for later this afternoon. Make sure they know that this is an informal session. I just want to get them talking to each other. You have some advice for me? Relax, Major. This is not my first time up at the plate. Besides, I'll have you by my side to help me avoid making mistakes. [Airlock] Tell me what you know about the Paqu Tetrarch. Yes? Then let's talk. The official negotiations don't begin until tonight, but I thought it might be a good idea that we meet informally to see where we all stand. According to the treaty that has existed between you for the past ninety years, the border separating the Paqu and the Navot shall forever be the river Glyrhond. Now, as I understand it, during the occupation the Cardassians diverted the river for use in their mining operations. As a result the Glyrhond now flows twenty kilometres west of its former position. Please, sit down. Yes, five long, unproductive hours. Woban is here to talk. What are you here for? How? By starting a war? Because if that's what you're here for, if you'd rather fight than talk, then we're just wasting our time. The Navot don't agree. I believe in people working together to find reasonable solutions to their problems. I hope you do as well. Varis, are you sure your people are as ready as you are to die for that land? [Promenade] What's the rush? [Village] (O'Brien is scanning the damaged area from last night) I think that there's more than enough blame to spread around. Jake should have known better. That's not much of an excuse. I may have. I suppose you don't get much of a chance to be with people your age. And? That's always nice to hear. I'm sure he'd be very proud of you. From what I've learned about your father, he wasn't afraid to compromise. I doubt he would be that foolish, but he is determined to get that land back. I never said you were. So your answer is still no. Maybe. But a great leader like your father is one who's willing to risk saying yes. Nervous? It's very possible. It would give the Navot back their land. It's a reasonable compromise.
We don't like surprises any more than you do. Is there anything you can offer that might make him more willing to leave? Would a postponement help? Easy, Major. Well Doctor, right now she stands a pretty good chance of being out of uniform permanently. I'm going to tell Minister Toran that she's remained temporarily on Jeraddo at your request. Make it true, Doctor. Now, please. The next day or two. Thank you, Doctor. I'll consider that request. Dismissed. [Cottage] (Kira is running a device over Mullibok's chest) I'm here to see Major Kira. You know, you're causing a lot of trouble. I don't think it'll come to that. Mister Mullibok, I'm here because I'm concerned about my first officer. By staying here, she's jeopardising her career. Major, can I see you outside for a minute? Go on. I can see why you like him. You and I have a material subsistence report to finish by the end of the week. It's part of the liaison officer's job. I don't like the prospect of having to break in a new one. (Kira resumes work on the kiln) You have a job to do here, Major, and you're not doing it. I'm not saying it's simple, I'm saying it can't wait. Look, I understand you're used to sympathising with the underdog. You've spent your life fighting to overcome impossible odds just like he's doing. But you have to realise something, Major. You're on the other side now. Pretty uncomfortable, isn't it? When I first met you, Major, I thought you were hostile and arrogant. But I was wrong. Bajor needs you, and I need you. I like you and I don't want you to be hurt. So, as a friend, I'm here to remind you that his fate is already decided. Yours isn't. There'll be a runabout standing by. One to beam up. [Cottage] (Kira has fallen asleep in a chair. Mullibok's dreaming wakes her.)
How is our young doctor? We thought it might be an environmental byproduct created by the increased traffic to this area. Go ahead, Chief. I'm on my way. (Jake enters) Jake, I don't have time. (A short London Kings baseball player) Ah, good. It seems we have a small mystery on our hands. Lieutenant Jadzia Dax and Doctor Julian Bashir, I'd like you to meet Harmon Bokai, a baseball player from the London Kings who's been dead for two hundred years. And a medieval fairy tale character named Rumpelstiltskin. Until today, he only existed in storybooks. Could this be related to the increased thoron emissions in the plasma field? (The Dax who came in with Julian will now plead ignorance and have to be redesignated Dax 2) You. You're not actually Buck Bokai. You're a holographic image of Buck Bokai that I created so Jake and I could play ball with you. (Dax 2 starts fawning over Bashir again.) I programmed it into the computer. All of it. Every statistic. But he did come out of your imagination, just as Buck came out of Jake's. Go ahead. I'm in no mood for games, Constable. [Replimat] (It is snowing on the Promenade) We're going to Yellow alert. It seems we're letting our imaginations run wild. As soon as I have an explanation I'll give you one. Sisko out. You have a better idea? I want a full analysis. Chief, get a class four probe ready. Go ahead. What is it? Let's see what the optical scanner on the probe gives us. Look, I tried to tell you. You're on a space station in the twenty-fourth century. The only ball field around is a holographic simulation. It's not real and neither are you. Right now you are, but in a minute, who knows? I hope when we get this thing figured out you'll I hope so. Good power from the left side. (Sisko goes down the stairs) And never more than ten after that. I wish I had more time for this. You were the best that ever played. I know. I've played with them all. I've got work to do. Three hundred and one in my version. (in turbolift) Ops. [Replimat] Were there any reports from the Vulcans about hallucinations on board? Anything similar to what we're experiencing? Were there any explanations offered for the initial cause of the rupture? Major, the rupture is already expanding. We have to seal it or it's going to destroy this system anyway. How long will it take to create one of these torpedoes? If the rift expands at all before imploding, we have to be prepared. Route auxiliary power to shields. Major, I'd like you to coordinate evacuation of the pylons. Odo can help you. Dismissed. [Ops] Well? You really expect me to believe that? What do you have, Dax? Can we gain any time by moving the station? How soon can you be ready, Chief? Status of shields? Let's hope it's enough. Red alert. Fire. Ready to detonate. Now. (MOOB-aK) Chief? Shields? Constable, check for casualties. Have your deputies move everybody out of section four. We have shield damage. What are we getting from the rift? Is it showing any signs of collapsing? How much time? Suggestions? No. He doesn't have to. Dax, when did our sensors first pick up traces of the rupture? And if I remember correctly, you said that your previous scans hadn't picked up any anomalies at all. So you imagined that we had a subspace rupture, and that's exactly what it turned out to be. And once you learned about the rift that destroyed the Hanoli system, we all imagined that we might have another just like it. Mister O'Brien, drop the shields. There is no rupture. There is no threat to this station or this system. End Red alert and drop the shields. And believe it, Mister O'Brien. It's important that you believe it. Are your sensors picking up any magnetic shock waves, Major? No shock waves at all. Lieutenant, proton counts. Continue your analysis, Dax, but this time no speculations, just facts. Major, keep us on yellow alert for the next twenty six hours till we see that everything is back to normal. Chief, take your family home. That's an order. You're not simply a figment of my imagination, are you. Why didn't you just talk to us like this? I understand. Was it really necessary to put the whole station in jeopardy? I'd disagree with him. Not always. But you haven't told us anything about your species.
Relax, Chief. It's just a computer. You've got it working just fine, as far as I can tell. Root canal? How long will that take? That's going to take a lot of man-hours. Is it really necessary? Let's just say I don't have your sensitivity to the computer. Chief. Chief, I want you to do what you have to do. Gentlemen. Madam Ambassador. Of course. Make yourself at home. I trust that Doctor Bashir has been taking care of all your needs. Accommodations? On screen. Excuse me. A probe? Are the computers compatible with ours? No. Not until we know a little more about it. Major, tow it to five hundred metres off the docking ring. Mister O'Brien, try to set up an adaptive interface link and see if we can download any information from it. I appreciate your interest, Ambassador. And to keep you all informed, I'm scheduling a briefing at oh four hundred. In the meantime, Doctor Bashir, the best place to view this probe is from the docking ring near port seven. Come in. Yes, Odo. Quark again? Lwaxana Troi the Ambassador? What's the problem? What's wrong with that? I see. So, she's after you. Have you thought of letting her catch you? A little romance, Odo. It does help the procreation of one's species. I'm sorry to hear that. Me? Constable, you can handle thieves and killers but not one Betazoid woman? I can't help you, Odo. A reasonable concern. I suggest you handle the matter with great delicacy. How do we get our people out of the turbolift, Chief? Get it started. Think of it as an opportunity, Doctor. You never know when a friendly ambassador is going to be in the right place at the right time to help your career. It's a simple job. Just keep them happy and away from me. All of us have had these assignments, Doctor. As a matter of fact, Curzon Dax used to take perverse pleasure in assigning me to take care of VIP guests. Exactly. The day I hit one of the guests. It was a simple misunderstanding over his attempt to coax a young Ensign to his quarters against her will. But [Ops] Don't hit one of them, Doctor. I'm not nearly as understanding as Curzon was. Still giving you problems? That's good news. How soon can we get Odo and the Ambassador out? You must have some idea what's wrong. Hear what? It sounds like the computer. You think some kind of programme from the probe is influencing our computer? What's that? Bring you back? You almost make it sound like a child. Station log, supplemental. Odo and Ambassador Troi remain trapped in turbolift four. As of yet, we have been unable to ascertain what it is that's causing the station's computer to malfunction. (Note - previously it was turbolift seven. ) [Ops] (Later, a conference has been called) Do you think we can communicate with it? Whatever it is, it's slowly disabling our station. People, we've got to get it out of there. How long since we had any communication from Odo? Do you happen to know the schedule of his regenerative cycle? How long do you expect it to take? Let's do it. Computer, give me an analysis of all Cardassian traffic along the border. Major, you're with me. Chief, send get an emergency crew down there. We'll need manual fire gear. Phasers at maximum. Then get a message to Ops. Tell them it's going to take us a while to get inside. If they can't get the fire suppression systems online we're going to lose our people in there. We're in, Dax. Stand by. (A charred and blackened wreck of a corridor) Ambassador, are you all right? Nice work, Doctor Bashir. How did you beat that thing in the computer, Chief? Adopted it? You're suggesting we leave it in there? Keep it off the furniture.
Come in. Let me guess. You're here to recommend that we deny that request. I'm aware of that. I share your concern, Major. But unless we have proof to back up those charges I'm afraid it's not that simple. Dolamide is used for power generators, reactors, in short-range transports. Only if it's extremely pure. I didn't say that. We just can't board their ship and start tearing it apart. You bring me evidence that the Valerians are dealing in weapons-grade dolamide and I promise you the Federation will use every kind of diplomatic pressure to stop them. It will if the Valerians want to continue trading with the Federation. Good. Then you will see to it that the Valerian ship is cleared for docking. Open hailing frequencies. (KaBOOM!) Mister O'Brien? Is there any way to identify the kind of weapon used? Ask around the station, see what you can learn about this bio-survey. (Odo leaves) Dax and O'Brien, I'd like the two of you to take a runabout and try to find the Toh'Kaht's mission recorder. I want to know what caused that ship to explode. Stand by, Sherval Das. (pauses transmission) I'd like an explanation. We agreed there would be no delays in the docking procedure. Your ship has been cleared for docking. No delays, [Quark's] Who? (covers the PADD) So? By whose authority? I'm not. And neither are you. Commanded by a Federation officer. Commanded by me. Are you challenging that, Major? Good. [Runabout] (bored) I've seen enough. I couldn't care less what happened to a Klingon ship. If you have to. Fine. Do whatever you have to do. Don't bother me with it. [Quark's] (Quark pours the top blue layer over red and orange in a tall glass.) Come in. Hello, Constable. How are you today? On such a fine afternoon? How inappropriate. If something's bothering you, Odo, tell it to Mister O'Brien. That's what he's there for. (He holds up the completed blueprint) What do you think? A clock. Fascinating, isn't it? [Security office] Since when? I want you to arrest them. Kira and every Bajoran officer on this station. I want the names of every sympathizer What can we do? Never! Get me a phaser! I'll get rid of Kira! How do we proceed? Call me as soon as you're ready. (And the clock is ticking) [Infirmary] (Bashir is handing something small to a Bajoran officer) O'Brien, what's taking so long? Give it to Mister O'Brien. Is it Kira?! Did Kira put you up to this? I want the truth. Is that clear? (picks up the thing) Let's see how this works. (Kira shoots a console) We've got to get to that ship. You're sure we can trust him? Sisko to Odo. [Infirmary] We need your help, Constable. You've got to [Infirmary] Right. Sisko out. (throws down his comm. badge) Leave your comm. badge here. Don't look so worried, Chief. She hasn't beaten us yet. What's wrong? Odo! So, this is how it all ends. You know what disturbs me? The ingratitude. I offered you my kindness, my help, my leadership, and how do you repay me? With betrayal. But you won't get rid of me so easily. You see, unlike you, I understand history. My name will blaze across the stars long after your petty treacheries have been forgotten. Constable? Apparently so. I have no idea. For attempted mutiny. I think we'll let it go. This time. (Sisko sets the alien timepiece going again and gazes at it. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Can you tell us what's wrong with your passenger? Beam him directly to our Infirmary. we'll have our doctor standing by. Of course. Why? By all means, Major. Take as much time as you want. [Infirmary] You're saying this man, what's his name? You're saying Marritza's on the Bajoran's list of Cardassians wanted for war crimes? Hold on, Major. Marritza's travelling on a Federation ship. He comes here for a medical emergency, and we throw him into a security cell. I, for one, hope he's listed. All right, Major, what do we charge him with? Do you want to explain that to me? So that makes him a war criminal, just being there? I think I'll have a talk with our guest. No, Major. It'd be better if I spoke to him alone. [Holding cell] How do you feel? I'm Benjamin Sisko. I'm in charge of this station. I hope so. Tell me, how did you contract Kalla-Nohra syndrome? The freighter captain said it was Kalla-Nohra. Then you didn't serve at the Gallitep labour camp? Let me get this straight. You're saying that Marritza does have Kalla-Nohra? And you're sure he doesn't have Pottrik Syndrome. Then he was at the Gallitep labour camp. Yes, Major. Thank you. If you'll excuse me, Doctor. (Bashir leaves) Minister Kaval. Good day, Sir. Quite well, thank you. I don't quite follow. We are holding a Cardassian, temporarily. Minister, I'm not sure we have the grounds to hold him that long. I don't agree. It is. May I join you? That's what I wanted to talk to you about, Major. I'd like Odo to handle this investigation. He's our Chief of Security. Minister Kaval doesn't run this station. If it turns out that he is a criminal, then he'll be yours and you're welcome to him. Until then, he's just a traveller under suspicion. I think you're too close to be objective, yes. You mean the victims. Sisko to Odo. Constable, Major Kira will be in charge of the Marritza investigation. That's correct. Marritza came here seeking medical attention. Right now, he's under our doctor's care. All we're trying to do is to verify his identity. A simple matter, if you'll give us some assistance. I don't trust him because he's already lied about being at Gallitep. So far, we haven't charged him with anything. I'd like nothing better. But first I need to know who it is I'm letting go. I suppose if you're a Bajoran, so was the occupation. I hope to avoid that too, with your help. Major, how many images were sent from the Bajoran archives? Major, what if this image confirms that Marritza was a filing clerk? What do you expect us to do, then? I'm glad we understand each other. On screen. (A picture of three Cardassians amongst workers) Which one is Marritza? Isolate and magnify. (It's fuzzy) We're going to have to do better than that. Are you sure we're looking at the right man? If that's Marritza, then who are we holding? Lieutenant, isolate the Cardassians in the foreground. The one in profile on the left. What can you give us? (The image is turned and filled in as our view comes around the obscuring Bajoran) According to this, Gul Darhe'el died in his sleep six years ago. Cause of death, massive coleibric haemorrhage. I wouldn't put it past our friend Gul Dukat. What've you got, Constable? If he wasn't at Gallitep on the day of the accident, then he couldn't have contracted Kalla-Nohra. Unless he wanted to be captured. Major, that is still to be determined. What have we got?
I'm not exactly surprised. A confrontation like this was inevitable. Sometimes I wonder if we'll ever find the common ground we need to bring Bajor into the Federation. (He opens the office doors.) Major, would you join us? (Kira enters) We've been talking about an incident this morning at school. What do you know about her? If we start separating Bajoran and Federation interests Nobody's saying that there can't be spiritual teaching on this station, Major, but can't it be in addition to what's taught in Mrs O'Brien's classroom? My philosophy is that there is room for all philosophies on this station. Now, how do you suggest we deal with this? If you'd let me know you were coming, Vedek Winn, I would have greeted you sooner. I'd hardly call it insignificant. I wish you wouldn't call me that. I'm Commander Sisko or Benjamin, if you like. I'm not sure I'm comfortable in that role. It's important to me that we resolve your problems with the school. If Aquino turned off the conduit to fix the relay, why did it reactivate. Spit it out, Chief. Constable, maybe you ought to take a closer look into this. Dismissed. Hi. Sure. I heard about what happened at school. Did Mrs O'Brien call off classes? [Commander's office] Tried and convicted. His books were burned. It's easy to look back seven centuries and judge what was right and wrong. No, it's not. You've got to realise something, Jake. For over fifty years, the one thing that allowed the Bajorans to survive the Cardassian occupation was their faith. The Prophets were their only source of hope and courage. To those aliens, the future is no more difficult to see than the past. Why shouldn't they be considered Prophets? My point is, it's a matter of interpretation. It may not be what you believe, but that doesn't make it wrong. If you start to think that way, you'll be acting just like Vedek Winn, Only from the other side. We can't afford to think that way, Jake. We'd lose everything we've worked for here I'm not sure, but I think I've got to find some help. [Monastery] (In the garden, Sisko throws a stone into a stream by a waterfall.) Vedek Bareil? (Sisko leans forward.) Pay tribute? I was just. Usually when I meet one of Bajor's spiritual leaders, the first thing they do is grab my I've been far too polite to admit it. You can count on the Federation's support. Is this yours? I was hoping you might be able to arrange an audience with the Assembly so I could discuss our school. You are the leading candidate to become the next Kai. Your ideology is quite different than Vedek Winn's. Why not? In other words, being my friend now might hurt your chances. It appears they also teach you politics. Is it my imagination or are we a little short handed today? Do you think it's contagious, Major? Are your people willing to throw away everything we've accomplished during the past seven months? With all due respect, Major, protecting your borders is not the primary reason the Federation is here and it's not why I'm here. I'm here to build a trusting relationship with your people and I'd like to start feeling that somebody, somebody on your side is giving something back to that effort. It's not enough. You tell our sick Bajoran crewmen they better get well immediately or they'll recover on their way to their next assignment. Could this murder be related in any way to the tensions over the school issue? Any ideas about a motive? All right, then let's start from the beginning. Ensign Aquino goes to repair to a power conduit. What've you got? Her husband took her home. No. The Prophets had nothing to do with what happened here today. This was the work of a disturbed and violent mind who listened to your voice, not the Prophets. The Commander of this station is. You claim the Prophets as your personal constituency, Vedek Winn. I'm not convinced that's justified. Who do you speak for? An order that is barely listened to in your Assembly. So you come here looking for a more receptive audience. Destroy you? You have just made your first mistake, Vedek. The Bajorans who have lived with us on this station, who have worked with us for months, who helped us move this station to protect the wormhole, who joined us to explore the Gamma Quadrant, who have begun to build the future of Bajor with us. These people know that we are neither the enemy nor the devil. We don't always agree. We have some damn good fights, in fact. But we always come away from them with a little better understanding and appreciation of other. You won't succeed here. The school will reopen. And when your rhetoric gets old, the Bajoran parents will bring their children back. How is she, Chief? You tell her Jake'll be there on time. Anything new on Aquino? (Neela goes quietly to a console) On screen Invitation? Yes, yes, of course, Vedek. We'd be honoured. Unfortunately, we have some damage on our Promenade. We won't have time to clean up before you arrive. That would be very much appreciated. Go ahead, Chief. What do you mean, you're not sure? Your assistant? [Security office] No! (Neela fires, and misses. Sisko leaps onto her, knocking her down. Odo and Kira arrive on scene.) Neela insists she acted alone, unless you want to consider the Prophets co-conspirators. You okay? Protecting your Celestial Temple. Maybe it is. I've got a report to put together for Starfleet. You ought to get some rest. Maybe we have made some progress after all. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
For you, absolutely. You passed your algebra test. You learned out how to hit  Bob Gibson's fast ball. Better than hitting Gibson's fast ball? This I want to hear. The one with the beautiful smile? Well good for you. And now you've come to the old man for advice on what to say to her. The main thing is you can't be afraid of rejection She did? That's wonderful. The holosuites? I don't think so. Because you're too young to take a girl to the holosuites. No, no, no, no, no, no quarters. Talk in public. You want to talk? Take her upstairs. And that way you can talk and watch the ships go through the wormhole. Since when? This is your first date. One moment, Major. I'm not ready? Who's worried? (Jake leaves) Join me, Major. [Replimat] One Raktajino with a jacarine peel. One icoberry torte. So, Major, what can I do for you? For what? It's too late. I already asked. Major, I can't loan you a Starfleet runabout without knowing where you plan on taking it. You're right. I wish you hadn't told me. The resistance leader? Major, I have already heard the story. Wasn't he reported killed in action? You're sure this is genuine? Have you told the provisional government? In other words, they're unwilling to risk going to war with Cardassia over an earring. I can't say I blame them. And you think Li Nalas is that leader? Go ahead, Chief. We'll be right there. I'll have to think it over. [Corridor] It's the emblem of the Alliance for Global Unity. They call themselves The Circle. I understand this emblem has appeared all over Bajor. I want to be informed immediately if this emblem appears anyplace else on the station. Right now they're just trying us show us we're vulnerable. As of now, Constable, there are no low security areas on this station. [Commander's office] (Sisko is tossing a baseball from hand to hand like it was red hot) Ah, yes. Have a seat. (Throws the ball to her) Not this time. I thought you enjoyed talking about baseball. I've been thinking about our mission here. I look at the turmoil on Bajor and I see everything we fought for this past year starting to unravel. What if I told you I knew someone who could bring stability to Bajor. Someone who could unite the factions and give us a chance to do our job. How do you know about Kira wanting a runabout? Supposing I do help, and she does rescue Li Nalas. What do we say to the Cardassians? Chief, Major Kira needs a runabout. Is there anyone on this station she didn't tell? Well then, as far as Quark's concerned, she's going to Lamenda Prime to bring back mineral samples. Now, is there any way we can prevent the Cardassian sensors from picking up the runabout's signature? Yeah. I see you've already given this a bit of thought. I just stopped by to wish you luck. And to tell you that Chief O'Brien will be accompanying you on your mission. I'm willing to risk that. You're an excellent pilot, Major, but Mister O'Brien here is better. And I want to make sure that I get my runabout back in one piece. I don't agree. The truth is, I need Li Nalas back on Bajor as much as you do. Ah, Major Kira, I'm glad you could join us. Apparently not. Hold on, Major. There's something I want you to hear. Go ahead, Dukat. I'm as surprised as you are. I'm sure there is, but until we can figure out their motives, let's just be grateful that all the prisoners are being returned safely. Congratulations on the success of your mission, Major. [Infirmary] (Li is on his stomach, getting treated.) I think you will find things have changed considerably. Major, I think you should have the honour of welcoming him aboard. If you're hungry, the Replimat has some passable Bajoran food. Of course. (A crowd is gathering) It appears you've been recognised. [Airlock corridor] I don't think they're going to leave until you say a few words. I hope you'll find these quarters satisfactory. Enjoy it while you can. Judging from the crowd on the Promenade, a moment may be all you get. It appears you were wrong. It must seem a little overwhelming. I think you'll be pleased, for the most part. Bajor lacks strong leadership. She's right. Bajor could use your help, and frankly so could I. But before you go off saving Bajor, I suppose you could use a good night's sleep. Did you recognise any of your assailants? Constable, I want all security personnel on full alert. I'm afraid so. Not now, Quark! People have grown impatient with the government's inability to get things done, so they turn to the Circle. Constable. (Sisko and Odo leave) Jake, what are you doing up? How was your date? It was tonight, wasn't it? It happens. Why not? That's not much of a reason. Jake, there are some things happening on Bajor. Troubling things. I'm sorry you've become a victim of them. You don't deserve it. Nobody does. Time for bed, okay? Put it through. The Nanut isn't scheduled to return from the Gamma Quadrant for two years. I don't follow. I'm listening. They still need you. Perhaps not. But Bajor doesn't need a man. It needs a symbol, and that's what you are. No one's asking you to lead troops into battle, or to kill a hundred Cardassians with your bare hands. I saw you in front of the crowd on the Promenade. They look at you and they see strength, and honour, and decency. They look at you and they see the best in themselves. No. It's based on a legend. And legends are as powerful as any truth. Bajor still needs that legend. It needs you. [Ops] Major. (Jaro and Li enter) Minister Jaro. Li. I hear that thousands of people showed up to greet your ship when it arrived on Bajor. What stopped you? I already have a liaison officer.
This is the emblem of the Alliance for Global Unity. They call themselves the Circle. I can't loan you a Starfleet runabout without knowing where you plan on taking it. (to Dax) What if I told you that I knew someone who could bring stability to Bajor. Someone who could unite the factions and give us a chance to do our job. But Bajor doesn't need a man. It needs a symbol, and that's what you are. I already have a liaison officer. Oh, I don't think much surprises you, Minister. Who gave you that impression? Major Kira has my complete respect. She's been invaluable in establishing this command post. And now she's been dismissed without anyone consulting me and I don't appreciate it. Are you suggesting that this is a promotion for Kira? Well then, that's a different matter. Yes, of course I do. For a minute I was thinking to myself, there's a warm wind blowing in from Minicoy. Just an old saying where I come from. It all started with a famous Ambassador from Minicoy who used to bluster, exaggerate, and dissemble to get what he wanted. Not at all like you or me. He was a bag of hot air and everyone recognised him for what he was. I thought you'd want Li to stay in the capital to strengthen the provisional government. The Circle? Jake? Is something wrong? On my way. [Outside Sisko's quarters] What's the problem? As I understand the position, you report directly to the Prophets. But from time to time, I might ask for your help. No one could. I'm going to get you back, Major. I promise that to both of us. I've got to go to Bajor. Odo has some information that suggests we may be facing a coup. I've got to check things out Your Military contacts. See if you can get a feeling for how much support the provisional government has. Dax and Mister O'Brien can handle things in Ops. If you need any other help Good idea. I've asked Odo to assign you a bodyguard. I think it is. (turbolift) Docking bay one. [Monastery garden] General Krim. I'm Benjamin Sisko. We met during a session of the executive committee last year. As I recall, you disagreed with all of it. I understand you're in command of the forces defending the city. There is concern in some quarters that the military is unwilling to confront the forces of the Circle. I've been observing troop movements. Every time there is a potential confrontation, the military withdraws to a safer position. I can appreciate that the provisional government will stand only if the military supports it. We have intelligence that the Circle is being armed by the Kressari. We've been trying to track the movements of their shipments. If we can determine where they're stored You'll be the first one I contact. There is one other thing, General. My first officer, Major Kira Nerys. I understand she hasn't been reassigned yet. It would mean a great deal to me to get her back. I wouldn't do that. Major. I'm sorry if I interrupted your meditation. Daydreaming. I think I remember doing that a long, long time ago. Can I bring you back to reality for a minute? Are you still interested? They do have a way of doing that, don't they? Well, I just came to let you to know that we haven't given up yet, but for the moment there seem to be some bigger problems for the leaders down here. That distance is getting closer. The Circle is for real, Major. They've been armed for a coup and I'm not at all convinced that the military's going to back the provisional government. Well, I guess I'd better get back. I told you I haven't given up. (After Sisko has left, three men disguised as monks kidnap Kira) [Kressari cargo bay] (The rat is keeping watch) Bareil said there were no signs of a struggle. That's what we need to find out. Let's hope they didn't. Now, we can't expect much help from the local authorities. They've got their hands full. Good. When's Odo due back? Go on. Quark. Sisko to Security. I need a couple of officers to go on a rescue mission to Bajor. Report to runabout pad C. Doctor, Lieutenant, you're with me. Mister O'Brien, you'll be our pilot. Configure the runabout sensors for a full sweep of the peninsula. Once we find the base, I'll be depending a great deal on your famous transporter talents. No, it's too dangerous. Dax, you're in charge. Only five but they've got more firearms than a galaxy class starship. (Kira crying out) All right, straight power play, nothing fancy. Expect heavy resistance. Anyone who finds Kira, pin this on her (a comm. badge) and call for transport immediately. Let's do it. (Straight into a gunfight, hiding behind packing cases. Kira is tied up on am upper ledge.) We have to assume Jaro will move quickly now that we've got you back. It's much too great a risk. He'd be dead before he had a chance to speak. Rid of us. They're just using Jaro. Once the Federation is forced to leave Sisko to Ops. Dax, open a channel to Bajor. [Ops] Get me Admiral Chekote at Starfleet Command. [Shrine] Dax? In my office. Admiral, are you up to date on my communiqués? Not good. Jaro has the military, communications have been cut off and assault vessels are on the way here. Admiral, we've just obtained evidence that the Circle's been receiving weapons from the Cardassians. If we withdraw, we'll be giving Bajor and the wormhole back to them. They don't even know the Cardassians are involved. Supported by the Cardassians. Admiral. Yes. Chief, how long will it take us to evacuate Deep Space Nine? I mean a complete evacuation. I intend to take all Starfleet instruments, materiel. In fact, all Federation property of every kind. How quickly can we do that? Then I guess some of us won't quite be done by the time they get here. To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
For your repast this afternoon.
How are we holding up? Any word from Chief O'Brien? Sisko to O'Brien. What's your [Corridor] I assume the Promenade is secure. On screen. Can we get a transporter lock on the crew? Engage the tractor beam. Bring them into the closest docking bay. Good idea. Sisko to O'Brien. [Promenade] Run a level three security scan. Do as he says. How did they manage that? Do you know him? [Quark's] I'm commander of this station. What is your business here? What will be over soon? I agree. Now tell me what you want here. She's not going anywhere with you. He knows that, Doctor. Then don't. Verad. There's another reason, isn't there? The wormhole. After you've stolen the symbiont, you plan on escaping to the Gamma Quadrant, don't you. Do as he says, Doctor. This is no time to be a hero. Dax. Once the symbiont is removed, the host usually dies within hours. But Jadzia is young and healthy. Bashir will do what he can. She'll make it through the night. What was he doing on Khefka Four? Even if it means losing him? After the surgery, Verad won't be just Verad anymore. He'll be a blending of Verad, Dax, and all the previous hosts. Their memories, their knowledge, even their personalities. I'm sorry, but if he told you that, he's lying. Once a Trill is joined, it's like a rebirth. He'll be an entirely different person. Dax? Curzon, Tobin, Jadzia, all the others. They're all a part of you now. Eight lifetimes of memories. It must be incredible. The station must look very different to you. Of course you do. Remember when we first met? Anastasia? All the months we served aboard the Livingston? I've never seen anybody eat so much. Remember my wedding? And the time we discovered the wormhole? My, my, my. (The laughter stops and the smile disappears from Verad's face) And now that woman is bleeding to death in the Infirmary. You have to discuss it, Dax. You know as well as I do we can't let her die. Jadzia's memories will live on, but Jadzia herself will die and you will have killed her. I have a better idea. Help Jadzia. Come with me down to the Infirmary. Put the symbiont back where it belongs. But there's still time to stop it. Jadzia's life can still be saved. I am. The question is, are you? I hope so. Come with me down to the Infirmary and prove it. Then you're not the Dax that I know. Our friendship's over. (Later, Verad is sitting alone in the Commander's office.) He even looks different, doesn't he? The way he stands, the way he moves, talks. I'm glad you think so. Really? The way he dismissed you before. Verad never did that. Verad was under stress the minute he stepped onto this station. But he never turned on you, did he? I think you know. Verad no longer exists. You know that better than I do. You really believe that? All right, then make me believe it. Go in there and talk to him. I don't know. Whatever you want. I'm sure the two of you have a lot to say to one another. Why not? Look at him, sitting in there all alone. He needs you. I don't understand why you're being so reluctant. This is a perfect time for the two of you to get reacquainted. I'll go with you. You'll be seeing me again, Verad. (A short while later) So, where's this rendezvous going to be? No, but I hope you like it there, because you'll be waiting for Verad a long time. You told me yourself. I saw the look on your face when he asked you to wait for him. Well, maybe it was an honest mistake, a slip of the tongue. No, you're wrong. He does need you now, more than ever. I'm not asking you to. I'm asking you to save him. To help us save him. That's right. And you care about Verad. And we can save them both. Don't you see? Dax and Verad were never meant to be joined. We've got to remove the symbiont while there's still time. I don't doubt it. [Airlock] (There's a trolley in the way and the other door won't open.) Looks like that goodbye was a little premature. What makes you so sure? If I let you go, Jadzia dies. Verad. Don't call me Benjamin. (And he does shoot him) [Infirmary] (Verad wakes to see Mareel) It's over now, Verad. The symbiont is back where it belongs. Jadzia. Are you?
I wasn't aware we had any Cardassian children on the station. In my office. [Commander's office] I'm surprised how quickly the news reached you, Dukat. I only heard about it myself a minute ago. A Cardassian boy appears to have be involved, yes. Warning them? You're assuming a lot from one incident. If you like, I'll try to find out. No, but the Cardassian officials asked that look into the incident. How did you come to adopt him? But why would he attack another Cardassian? The Cardassians are suggesting that the Bajorans are raising these orphans to hate their own people. There'll be ample opportunity to go over the matter in detail, but during the investigation, we'd like for Rugal to stay with our schoolteacher, Mrs O'Brien. She's expecting him now. Then I'll have to call Security and have them remove him from your quarters. I don't think either of us wants that. (Proka goes into the next room) Nobody's accusing you of a crime, Rugal. You're not being arrested. My name is Commander Sisko. I believe you already know Doctor Bashir. I'm sure all of this will be straightened out in a day or two. If you want to visit with your father tomorrow, you can. Don't thank me too quickly, Dukat. The boy could be returned to his adoptive parents. That's all it is for the moment. An accusation. As a matter of fact, there is. If it is decided the boy should be returned to Cardassia, to whom would we return him? It might help to find out if he still has any living relatives. We'll send it right away. Is that an opinion, or do you have evidence to support it? Garak. What exactly does he think is going on? So, you deduced that Garak thinks Dukat is lying about something you're not sure of and you proceeded to interrupt my conversation to confront him about whatever that may be. Don't apologise. It's been the high point of my day. Don't do it again. I'd like to ask Garak about this myself. Have him in my office at twenty one hundred hours. I assume this couldn't wait until morning? I'm waiting. Bajor? For what? Oh, well, by all means. Will one runabout be enough? Go ahead. When was Pa'Dar on Bajor? Has he been told his son is alive? It's not that simple. The boy wants to go back to Bajor. I can't find any evidence to support that accusation. I can't even find the man who made it in the first place. We'll just have to see what happens when Pa'Dar gets here. Sisko out. There's only one way to find out. [Orphan Resettlement centre] (Children flee at the sight of Garak.) Gentlemen, I think you may need an arbitrator to settle this. I'd be willing, but wouldn't you have objections because of the Federation's relationship with Bajor? Very well then. I'll schedule a Yes, Odo. What is it? You've come a long way just to view a custody hearing. So, you're here representing your government? Well, I'm sure Pa'Dar is grateful for your support because I was under the impression that you were political adversaries. Isn't that so, Pa'Dar? If you don't mind, I'd like for you to go over the events leading up to the disappearance of Rugal eight years ago. [Infirmary] Do you remember anything from back then, Rugal? Do you remember being adopted? What's the first thing you do remember? Yes, it seems that I have. Leverage? A stalemate. Perhaps you'll use your influence to help other Cardassian orphans on Bajor.
Nevertheless, this is her first deep space assignment, and it doesn't make sense to me to. (whirr of electric motor) Here she is. [Ops] (The wheelchair can't get to the office) Welcome, Ensign. I'm Commander Benjamin Sisko. Not at all. Dax and Bashir were just telling me about your request to pilot a runabout alone. I was getting a briefing by my senior officers, Ensign. We discuss personnel matters all the time. [Commander's office] Ensign. I don't see anybody doing that. You must feel a great deal of pride about you've achieved. I am not comfortable sending you alone into the Gamma Quadrant. Lieutenant Dax will be going with you. How's the upgrade coming? A pleasure, Ensign. Ready a tractor beam. Open a channel. This is Commander Benjamin Sisko. Return to the station at once. (Bashir enters) Engage the tractor beam. [Runabout Orinoco] Doctor, Chief, with me. Beam us to the Rio Grande. Give us ten seconds and then disengage the tractor beam. Stay with them. Go to impulse. Come on, Doctor. [Runabout Orinoco] (Quark is holding a phaser on Kot.) Sisko to Rio Grande. Everything's under control. We're going home.
I don't think so. I understand you're planning to host a business conference here at the station. I think you've made your point, Major. Except when you conduct your business on this station. I'll still need your assurances that the Dosi will be fairly treated while they're here. Good. Twenty five percent? You just said you were giving it to them. I have a better idea. Why not consider the nitrate as a gift to the people of Bajor. It depends. On whether you want to conduct business here or not. Nervous.
Doctor? Was anything taken? Delay all outgoing vessels as long as you can. Advise their respective security details. Constable, it's his own brother. I hardly think Odo, he's a family friend. His son is very close to my boy. Rom, as a friend, if you know anything that might be helpful, I think you should tell us. You look like you just lost your best friend, Constable. What's this? When the list was stolen. Blackmail? What did they have to hide? Do you have enough to charge her?
I was about to ask you the same thing. Get some hot chocolate and tell me about it. Come on. Tell me about this weird dream. Maybe so, but the thing about dreams is, if you talk about them, they kind of go away faster. I promise. You got me interested. And here I am. I love you too. Then you'd better get some sleep. Me too. [Promenade - upper level] (Sisko stares out at the stars. Suddenly there's a woman in red behind him.) The Bajorans call that constellation the Runners. I can never figure out if they're running toward something or away from something. I never thought about it that way. I'm Benjamin Sisko, Commander of this station. You're not bothering me at all. It has its moments. In some ways, though, I prefer this time the best, when everything's quiet and Not at all. That's one of the great things about this station. You never know what's going to happen next, or who you're going to meet. Where are you going? I tell you what. Before you run any farther, why don't I show you around the station? If you have the time. (She's vanished) Fenna? [Ops] (O'Brien is working down in the pit) Good morning, Chief. Is this maintenance or repair? Admit it, Chief. If you were on a station where everything worked, you'd be miserable. Good morning, Major. Computer, one chiraltan tea, with a double twist of lemon. Something wrong? If something's bothering you, Major, I want to hear it. I love raktajino. I'm not awake until I've had my first cup. I, er, I just felt like having something different. That is all right with you, isn't it, Major? Thank you, Major. I appreciate your support. Go ahead, Lieutenant. On my way. [Science lab] Lieutenant, where's our guest? What? What's he doing in there? He could be killed. And he went in anyway. No. What's that got to do with it? Oh. (A big man comes out of the strobing light of the generator in a protective suit) Professor. I'm a great admirer of your work. My son and I visited Blue Horizon on the way to Deep Space Nine. I must say I was impressed. We didn't get to see them. We were only on the surface for a few hours. I may take you up on that. Yes, I understand the initial surveys look promising. Why do you ask? Be my guest. What? I'm sorry, what were you saying? I'll see you in Ops. [Promenade - upper level] (Sisko walks out to the window and suddenly) I was just thinking about you. Where did you disappear to last night? What would you like to see? Everything? That's going to take some time. What do you think? I'm glad you like it. Not really. But when I do, a ship is usually blocking the view. Here? Well, I guess there is tomorrow. Sounded like one to me. Good. There's plenty left to see. In fact, I doubt that we can see it all in one evening. Do you always do that? Say exactly the right thing. There you go again. So, tell me all about yourself. Whatever there is, I want to hear it. Can't what? Why not? Fenna, wait. (She runs into the turbolift) [Sisko's quarters] (Breakfast) That's nice, Jake. Hmm? Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I was thinking about something else. What? Signs? You've been talking to Nog about women again? Thanks, Jake. She's really interesting. I think it might be a little early to do that. I think so. Well, er, it's just that, er, she keeps disappearing. [Security office] (Odo is briefing his deputies) I need to ask a favour, Constable, of a personal nature. I'm looking for someone. A woman. Fenna. I don't know. I don't know. Humanoid. I don't know. Let's see. I'd say she's about one point six metres tall. Brown skin, dark hair. And the last time I saw her, she was wearing, she was wearing red. Do you think you can help me? I need to find her, Constable. I think she may be in some kind of trouble. I appreciate your help, Odo. [Ops] In my office. [Commander's office] What's on your mind, Dax? I don't follow you. Telling you what? Fenna. But believe me, Dax, there is nothing to talk about. Not everything. Don't be ridiculous. That has nothing to do with it. I will. As soon as there is something to tell. Personal log, supplemental. Odo continues to search for new information about Fenna. In the meantime, Professor Seyetik has invited me and the senior staff to dinner on board the Prometheus. [Seyetik's quarters] I don't know about that. Van Gogh, Beckett, Y'Raka. I wouldn't exactly call them optimists. Don't even think about it, Major. I've had dinner with about two dozen Bajoran ministers. I think you owe me this one. Besides, Seyetik is one of the Federation's greatest minds. She acts like she doesn't recognise me. She looks the same. I hope so. It would have been a lot easier if you'd told me you were married. Yesterday, on the Promenade. You had plenty of opportunity. I suppose you never told me that your name was Fenna? Would you like to talk about this? Seems that way, doesn't it? [Ops] I'm telling you Dax, it was the same woman. The face, the voice. It was Fenna. Dax, she's a married woman. It's just that this was the first time since Jennifer's death that I felt drawn to someone. (Odo enters) Thanks, Odo, but you can call off your search. I've already found the woman I was looking for. Aboard the Prometheus. Yes, we just left there a few minutes ago. What do you mean? No thanks, I was just leaving. I'd better be getting home. I don't think so. I just had dinner with someone who looks exactly like you. Then you're telling me that your name isn't really Nidell and you're not the wife of Gideon Seyetik. Right now, I'm not sure what I know. I don't suppose you have a twin sister, do you? Fenna, I need to know where you came from, what you're doing on this station. Of course it matters. I need to know who you are. Not exactly. I'm going with you. After all, how often do you get to see a star reborn. I need answers, Dax, and the key to Fenna's disappearance could be on that ship. [Prometheus Bridge] (The crew are in TNG-style uniforms) Well, Professor, you must be eager to get started. What did you call this? Your crowning achievement. And now? A little. The Fall of Kang is required reading at the Academy. But pity the warrior who slays all his foes. You. You had just finished terraforming New Halana. She must love you very much. Fenna? Dax, report to my quarters immediately. The last time I saw you, you vanished. I wish I could believe that. Dax, this is Fenna. (Dax gets out her tricorder) It's all right. She's not going to hurt you. I think it's time we found out. [Seyetik's quarters] (Nidell is unconscious on a couch) Professor, what the hell is going on here? Lieutenant? Get Fenna to my quarters, Dax, and notify Doctor. Get her out of here, Dax. It'll be all right, Fenna. I just want to talk to Professor Seyetik here. (Fenna and Dax leave) All right, Professor, if what you're saying is true, Nidell's psychoprojective abilities are killing her and I need to know why. Obviously it has. Why can't Nidell? What keeps her with you. Oh, how I want to believe that. But can you tell me where you came from? How you got to the station? Can you tell me a single memory of your life before we met on the Promenade? Nidell's dying, Fenna. She only has a few hours. You no longer exist without her. But you can save her, give her back the life she gave to you. You can go back to her. I've seen you do it three times. Fenna, what we have is a dream. I wouldn't trade it for anything, but it's still just a dream. Nidell's dream. There's no way to be sure. What is it? On my way. [Prometheus Bridge] Gideon, you don't have to do this. We've found a way to save Nidell. Klingon poetry. Gideon, I want you to turn the shuttlepod around now. That's an order. Engage the tractor beam. What is it? (The signal is starting to break up) I'll be sure they get it. Nidell. How did you know I was here? So, when does the Prometheus leave? How long do you plan on staying on New Halana? That's all right. I can remember for both of us. If I can. Fenna? She was just like you. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Actually, what I'd like to see is next month's duty roster. That's what you said yesterday. Talking to Minister Rozahn about irrigating the Trilar Peninsula. It's hard to keep a secret in Ops, especially when you've been shouting at a monitor for the last two days. Let's just say that your voice carries. Frustrated. I can understand that, and I sympathise. As far as I'm concerned you can shout at the provisional government all you want to, as long as it doesn't interfere with your duties here on the station. Ah, Major. Get everything settled with Quark? I'm glad to hear everything went okay. On screen. Hail them. Get them out of there, Chief. I'm Commander Sisko of the United Federation of Planets. You've just been beamed onto a Bajoran space station. We don't mean you any harm. We're going to bring your ship in. Once it's docked, we'll diagnose its problems and hopefully fix them. After that, you can be on your way. I can offer you medical assistance for that wound Something must be wrong with the Universal Translator. Chief? We'll have to keep them talking until the computer can establish a translation matrix. Major, we've got to get them down to the Infirmary. They seem to be most comfortable with you. Why don't you lead the way? Sisko to Odo. We're bringing some new arrivals from the Gamma Quadrant down to the Promenade. Meet us at turbolift nine. The computer's having a hard time translating their language. Dress. It's called a dress. Major, perhaps you'd better handle this. How bad is it, Doctor? I know something they might understand. (to the replicator) Seven maaza stalks. This is food. Please, try one. Major, show them it's okay. Go on, keep talking. Your people, where are they? How many people are we talking about? Sorry to keep you waiting. Are you one of the leaders of your people, Haneek? I can't guarantee you'll find Kentanna, but I can promise you that we'll help you find a home. We've sent our runabouts to the Gamma Quadrant to make contact with your ships. In the meantime, is there any one person we should be looking for? A leader or leaders? It's time to welcome your people to the Alpha Quadrant, Haneek. [Outside Airlock] (Masses of people and children stream through the airlock) I know, Constable, but it's worth it. Just look at them. They're experiencing their first taste of freedom. (Later, Nog is chased up the stairs by Tumak and two others) Dax and I have been combing through data on every uninhabited M class planet in the sector. We think that Draylon Two would make a perfect home for the Skrreea. Add to that good soil and a long growing season. I think it's our best bet. [Guest quarters] (The Skrreean ladies are together when the doorbell rings) May we come in? Ladies. I understand. We have some encouraging news. But a decision was reached? Haneek, I think you should seriously consider Draylon Two as an alternate to Bajor. The winters are mild, there's plenty of good farmland. There's still Draylon Two. [Replimat] (There's a long queue of Skrreeans.) Keep trying, Mister O'Brien. With all the traffic around the station, Tumak and two of his friends were able to slip away. We didn't even know the ship was gone until the Bajorans contacted us. Haneek, I need for you to try to talk to your son. Major, open a channel to the Skrreean vessel. Have him turn off his engines and drift until the Bajorans can tractor him in. Display it here. Mister O'Brien, patch us into the Bajoran interceptor. Dax, get me General Hazar on Bajor. Tell his people it's an emergency. I want to speak with him now. On screen. It's about the Skrreean vessel that's approaching Bajor. That ship is being flown by a child and it's leaking radiation. General, tell your pilots to hold their fire. We all are, General. [Airlock] (The Skrreea are leaving)
A few bribes to the Cardassians when they ran this place doesn't constitute a contract, not in the eyes of the Federation. (The turbolift arrives) One more won't make much difference. I didn't beg, I blackmailed you. And don't pretend it hasn't paid off for you either. Something wrong, Major? Funny, I've been hearing a lot of bad luck stories in the last few hours. Doctor Bashir tells me the Infirmary is full of minor accidents. People slipping and falling, walking into turbolift doors before they open, that kind of thing. Have you checked the deep code level? Major, are you all right. Still crowded? More minor accidents? There must be a logical explanation for all of this. Maybe a virus or some kind of spatial disruption? Get on it. [Club Martus] (Deserted) Kira said you'd found something. Solar neutrinos. Like the neutrinos on the station spinning the same way. Or a few dozen people having minor accidents at the same instant. Or a system failing at just the wrong time. Changing them so incredibly unlikely things can happen on a regular basis. We're not here to play. Dax? Who? Wait a minute. You said there was an original machine? Larger versions. So, how do you turn them off? Then how did you turn them on in the first place? Lieutenant. (Sisko and Dax step back and draw their phasers) Now as for you. I'd like to. Unfortunately, I don't have anything I can charge you with.
Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hold on. For what? Your homework. You've studied that whole Klingon opera for the music test on Friday? This isn't about tests, Jake. This is about learning. You can't learn to appreciate Klingon opera by cramming for the exam the night before. Well, first of all, you don't know what you're going to be when you grow up. You may discover along the way that you want to be a musician, or you may find yourself among some Klingons in a job somewhere. It helps to understand their culture. When I was your age. Yes. Do you? Yes, it does. (doorbell) Come in. I have the perfect solution. Nog has the same test. Why don't you invite him over and you can listen to the Klingon opera together? (Jake goes back to his room) Please, Odo, sit down. Of course. For what? Why did he come to you? You've got me curious, Constable. Is it a secret? And Odo? O'Brien's off-loaded the cargo they brought back. He has set up everything in the Science Lab. I understand there are some organic specimens from that planet. Maybe there's something that will help you figure this out. I know how you feel, Constable. When my father became ill I can remember how small and weak he looked lying there in the bed. He'd been so strong, so independent. It always seemed to me there was nothing that he couldn't do. But in the end, I realised that there was nothing that he could do, and nothing I could do to help him. Go ahead, Major I'm on my way. [Science lab] (The lab has been trashed and people are wandering around with tricorders. The specimen container has burst from the inside.) Any signs of a break-in? You're suggesting the lifeform itself did this. Constable, get a level three Security scan underway on the entire station. Let's go to Yellow alert. Doctor Bashir give you permission to be up and about? The working theory is that lifeform you brought back is somehow responsible. Good. Find me a better theory. Nothing's showing up anywhere on the scanners, Chief. More likely some kind of power interruption. It might have affected the security field around the lifeform too. We're trying to analyse it now. [Conduit] We've got your position. Nothing else is showing up anywhere near you. [Conduit] No. [Conduit] Move some backup to the nearest corridor. O'Brien, report! [Conduit] (Gloop is falling from the breach onto O'Brien's arm) How badly did you injure it? Enough to test? Sisko to Ops. Restrict all nonessential personnel to their quarters and go to Red alert, Major. Keep in touch with Dax's progress. She might give us a way to track this thing. I'll give the order, Constable. Sisko to Odo. Sisko to Odo. Do it. Where the hell did it come from? Is there any way to communicate with him? He might even conclude it has hostile intentions toward you. Chief, based on your knowledge of its behaviour, if we can lure him out, is there any way we can set up a forcefield to hold him? Set it up on the Promenade. I want a lot of room to operate. Major, station security teams along the perimeter. Mister O'Brien? On my signal, open the conduit and let him in. We're not sure which vent he'll come through. Hopefully, it'll be the first one available to him over there. If not, there are seventeen others he may choose. We're not stationing officers near any of them. We don't want to scare him away. Just get him to the forcefield. We'll do the rest. Pass the word that phasers are to be set on maximum stun. The moment Doctor Mora appears to be in jeopardy, I'll open fire. Their orders are to follow my lead. If maximum stun doesn't bring him down immediately, we set phasers to kill. I know, Major. Those are my orders. Mister O'Brien. [Ops] Doctor Mora, did you hear that? Mister O'Brien, drop the forcefield.
By firing on this vessel, you've committed an act of war against the Federation. Why? So you can murder them? They have no intention of using that knowledge. You have my word And if I refuse to turn them over? Lieutenant Dax and I have no knowledge of the harvesters. Are you willing to kill us too? You want them, you're going to have to take us all. (Transmission ends)
Shut down your engines. You will not be allowed to leave. I repeat, shut down your engines now.
If it's an imposition You're sure? I don't want you to make it easy for him, Chief. He has to know what it takes to make it in Starfleet. It's not going to be easy for him. He placed in the lower third of his age group in mechanical aptitude. You? Come on. At the front? Well, Jake's ready for a new suit too. The boy seems to grow a centimetre each week. You know, he struck me out with a curve ball the other day. First time. That they do. It's an M class all right. One hundred and sixty million kilometres from Orellius Minor. Should be a perfect place to set up a colony. You're reading life forms? I don't see anything on the books about a colony in the Orellius system. Moving into synchronous orbit. Let's introduce ourselves to our neighbours. [Forest] (They beam down into a sylvan land, with birdsong, and try their tricorders.) Yours too? Sisko to Rio Grande. Computer, respond. Any idea why? Well, I hope you find a few more of those talents you never knew you had, because if you don't we're going to have a hard time getting off this That's right. Mind if we put our hands down? (Joseph gets Vinod to rest the bow) Benjamin Sisko, and this is Miles O'Brien. We were surveying for habitable planets when our sensors picked up your lifesigns. There was no record of a human colony here. We have a ship in orbit. It won't take our people long to find us. Erewon-class personnel transport. Just an empty runabout in orbit. Hopefully, it'll attract some attention. No, he hurt his knee four years ago. They replaced it with a bio-implant but he wasn't the same after that. Who was it that won last year anyway? I never can remember. Chief, you're the married one. Yes, we noticed a low-level duonetic field in the area before we transported down. You have every right to be. We'll be happy to do our part. Come in, Chief. I'm just reading one of the books our host has written. Alixus is quite a prolific author. She seems to have something to say on just about everything. Economic analysis, political commentaries, literary critiques. She says she's spent her life examining the human condition. Not very good. She says we've become fat and lazy and dull. (reading) The common conceit that the human species has evolved over the last several centuries is ludicrous. What gains we have made have come at the cost of our own core identities. Man has lost touch with his true power. Have you found anything in their ship that can help us restore contact with the runabout? What happened to it all? Alixus felt its presence was a constant reminder of who you used to be. May I see? Have you found anything in the forest like the sleeger fungi? If it keeps spreading, she'll die before the rescue team finds us. We've got to find a way to restore the comm. link to the transporter. This is primitive medicine. You can't expect to save her I'm talking about saving the life of one of your followers. My heart tells me to try to get back to my ship. An interesting philosophy. And while we're debating it, a woman is dying. No, we're not. I don't intend to stay any longer than necessary. (in uniform) Well, my father was a chef. He grew all his own vegetables. My brothers and I were sent out to the gardens every day. But not you? How long was he in there? Is this part of your philosophy of life too? Discipline is one thing. Torture is another. If there's a way to adapt the energy in the duonetic field to get us back to the runabout, I want you to find it, Chief. No, I don't think so. Hopefully, I won't be here long enough to get used to it. It's not what I'm used to. Has she. Thanks, I'll try some. I don't think so. Thanks, anyway. Did she send you here? Did she send you here to make love to me? [Alixus's cubicle] (Alixus is writing at her desk when a figure looms in the doorway) Core behaviour. Does that chapter come before or after sexual procurement? Did you send her to my room? I think you're contemptible. She was right about that. So you sent her to win my devotion to your cause. It's fortunate that all these books of yours aren't on PADDS like the other materials the colonists brought. I'm not surprised. And Vinod told me you never ate replicated food before you came here. It's just that you never had much use for technology, did you? It's interesting you happened to crash on a planet that fit your philosophy of life so well. Perhaps one day you'll even feel the hand of God on your shoulder. Tired, but I'll be fine. Any luck on your end? I'll work my shift. You're not going to put him in there. Sisko to Rio Grande. Computer, respond. I assume that means you control the duonetic field. What of the dead? What of Meg and the others? You were willing to let them die for your theories. You're going to have to answer for what you've done. What if it were your son who had been sick? Would you let him die, too? Everything is under control, Major. Stand by to begin multiple transports. Four to beam up, Major. (Sisko. O'Brien, Alixus and Vinod are beamed away.)
You're fifteen years old. It's time you took a little responsibility. Look, Nog works, doesn't he? You're almost as old as he is. When I was your age, I had a job, and it was a terrific experience. Quarks? I was thinking more along the lines of you helping out Chief O'Brien. You do like Chief O'Brien, don't you? This is the perfect opportunity to learn. Besides it'll look great on your application to Starfleet Academy. That's all I ask. [Protector's office] Chief, here's the new apprentice we discussed. Mister Sisko. I almost forgot. (a Starfleet comm. badge) For you. It's standard equipment for all station personnel. [Infirmary] Jake, how was work? You'll get there. I'm glad you decided to stick with it. Since when? Perfect sense. It's your life, Jake. You have to choose your own way. There is only one thing I want from you. Find something you love, then do it the best you can. Good. Then you'll make the old man proud.
Major? Voles? Phasers on stun, Mister O'Brien. I want those voles taken alive. Chasing Cardassian voles. So, you're the one who picked the black marble. Field training with Dax was the nightmare of the initiate corps. Open a channel, Major. Put them on screen. Are you all right, Dax? What happened? Stop by and fill me in later. Your move. Your seaweed's been safely transported to the science lab. What do you think? How'd your initiate come through the experience? Uh oh. I know that look. That look, old man. The one that says this one isn't going to make it. But you have your doubts. What's his problem? Is he? Have you confronted him? Isn't it? You're Dax. So, what are you going to do? This kid has to measure up soon or he'll never be chosen. True? So you're not doing him any favours by avoiding a confrontation, are you? Curzon was tough. Maybe even abusive in his own charming way. But he always demanded the highest standards of excellence from these host candidates. I know that you made it through the programme. Are you sure? [Science lab] (A vole breaches the forcefield and the blue thingy escapes in bright light. Later...) So, nothing is secure on this station any more. Is there any reason to believe there's an imminent threat from this? I want to know what we're dealing with as soon as possible. I'll schedule a briefing for fourteen hundred hours. And take those phasers off stun, Chief. No more Mister Nice Guy. (Sisko and O'Brien leave) How rapidly? Can we get it back where it came from? How long before the next phase of expansion? Can we get this containment field ready by then? Have Odo evacuate section fourteen. Dismissed. [Quark's] (Arjin finishes his blue drink.) Yes, Odo. Acknowledged. Mister O'Brien? Sisko to Dax. We're preparing to establish the containment field. I want you out of the lab during this. Why not? Go ahead, Chief. [Science lab] We're not going to put up the containment field. Take us to yellow alert, Major. Move the repair crews into position. [Science lab] (Whoomph, bang, and a bright light shines out of two holes.) [Ops] Sisko to O'Brien. Seal off section fourteen. Move your repair crews in. How long before the next expansion? How much will it expand? I'll give you my decision in an hour. Personal log, supplemental. One hour. One hour to make a decision that could mean the life or death of a civilisation or the end to our own. My mind keeps going back to the Borg. How I despised their indifference as they tried to exterminate us, and I have to ask myself, would I be any different if I destroyed another universe to preserve my own? [Sisko's quarters] Hey. I just wanted to see you. Told me what? If there's something you want to tell me, I want to hear it. Okay. I'm sure she's a wonderful girl. Than what? You're in love with a dabo girl? No, I didn't. Who is she and how old is she, Jake? So now you're hiding things from me? Of course not! It's Mardah, isn't it? The one you've been tutoring in entomology. I really want to meet her. No. Not tonight. But soon. Lieutenant, we'll try to take it back through the wormhole. How soon can you be ready? Better get started. (Sisko leaves) Chief? Like to or need to that thing expands again in less than an hour. I'm not playing the odds today. Sisko to Rio Grande. Your status? Ready transporter. Energise. [Runabout Rio Grande] When you're ready, Dax.
Open a hailing frequency. This is Commander Sisko of Deep Space Nine. Do you need assistance? Better lock on a tractor beam and pull them into cargo bay seven. Tell Mister O'Brien to meet me there. [Cargo bay] (The airlock rolls open and Cardassian civilians come out.) I'm Benjamin Sisko, commander of Deep Space Nine. My chief of operations, Miles O'Brien. Do any of you need medical assistance? If anyone can fix your ship, it is Mister O'Brien. In the meantime, you're welcome to stay here. If you stick to the Promenade, I'm sure there won't be any trouble. [Quark's cafe] (A meal is being served) How are your repairs coming? The attack? That's not possible. Mister O'Brien is still working on it. Your ship sustained more damage than we originally thought. In fact Being shot at by your own people goes a little beyond politics. And you're among them? Which makes you fugitives. I'll dispatch additional work crews to help repair your ship. Garak. He saw you? Well then, we may have a problem. Mister Garak is a bit of a mystery to us. I'll assign you some guest quarters. You'll be safe there until your ship is ready. Good, I'll let her know. On screen. Hail them, Lieutenant. Shields! Lock on phasers and photon torpedoes. Prepare to return fire if necessary. All right, Garak, do you mind telling me why a Cardassian warship is threatening my station? Well, they have it. I assume this has something to do with Professor Lang and her students? They haven't committed any crimes here. As long as they're on my station, they're free to do whatever they want. I would hardly call it insignificant. Judging by the behaviour of the ship out there, it appears the Central Command considers Hogue and Rekelen to be extremely dangerous. Which only confirms what I have suspected all along. You, Mister Garak, are no simple tailor. Or at least in the best interest of the Cardassian military. Do you really expect a Bajoran station under Federation command to turn over Cardassian political refugees on your say-so? Then relay this. Tell the Central Command if anyone attempts to take Hogue and Rekelen by force, I will respond in kind. Am I clear, Mister Garak? I'm afraid all of you are to be turned over to the Cardassian government. I wish I didn't have to, but Cardassia has offered to hand over a half a dozen Bajoran prisoners in exchange for you. I'd like nothing better, but the provisional government has ordered you all be turned over. I'm fighting this every way I can. I'm not ready to give up yet. But in the end, this is a Bajoran station, and I have to abide by their decision no matter how much I disagree with it. [Garak's shop]
No. No leave of absence. Kira is my First Officer. Jadzia Dax took an oath too, when she joined Starfleet. You're subject to orders, Lieutenant. I never understood this. I mean, whatever else Curzon was, he did have a fundamental morality. He wouldn't condone murder any more than I would, and yet he swore to kill this Albino and now you plan to go out and kill in his name. What about the laws of the Federation? And to you? You really think you're capable of doing this? Let's say you are. Let's say you even survive this insanity. You expect to just come back here and resume your duties as though nothing's happened?
Anything, Chief? I've got every Admiral within subspace range on my back. Can I at least tell them that it looks like an accident? When?
You know I can't do that.
Much better. I wasn't yelling. I was just expressing my feelings. Loudly. (O'Brien enters) Chief.
Bartender! Arrested? What a damned shame. (jumps over the bar) Who wants a drink on the house? [Ore Processing] (Meal and rest time. Bashir gives away his plate of mush.) Yes. Look at this. Do you believe it? She called me all the way from the Fowla System to see you. Not only do you look like her, you have the same temper. The Intendant has honoured me with a ship and a crew. I honour her by collecting duties, of a sort, from vessels who pass in this direction. I suppose because I amuse her and she's not easily amused. And it seems that you amuse her too. (Sisko is moving in for a kiss when) Hello, Smiley, how are you? I don't like Miles. That's why I named you Smiley. Are they treating you okay, Smiley? You don't like me, do you, Smiley? And you're not afraid to show it, are you? I guess that's why I like you so much. My impulse driver coil isn't operational. Take care of it. I don't care what's going on in ore processing. Fix my engine. (O'Brien leaves) Go ahead. I need to check my ship. I never had any to hurt, Intendant. (Sisko leaves) Tell her I'm busy. I'm listening. You've gone into business for yourself, have you? (laughing) And you expect me to help you? She'll have my head. Or something else. Her life? That's it? That's the valuable information? Garak has been trying to kill her since the day he got here. Well, now, that's more creative than he usually gets. I wouldn't worry about it. You're disturbing my nap. Terrans don't have souls. We don't believe in them. What do you care about Terran's freedom? You're looking in the wrong place for a hero, ma'am. I've made the best of a bad life for my crew. That's my contribution. No. I don't think so. (The mercenaries take charge, and Kira takes her bodyguard's weapon.) No. I didn't lose it, I just changed it. (Sisko and Co. leave, sealing the bar with a shot to the lock) [Corridor] I've got the feeling I may not fit in very well over there. We'll stay one step ahead of the law, don't worry about us. Maybe we can stir up some things on this side. I can always use a good tinkerer and putterer. You're with me, Smiley. (They get to an airlock.) Come on. [Runabout] Anything? But no wreckage. Put them on the screen, Mister O'Brien. We've got ships out from here to New Bajor looking for you. Where have you been?
Vedek Winn. What can I do for you? Really? I suppose the question we have to ask ourselves is whether or not that perception is inaccurate. Enemies? Well, let's see. How could I have come to such a conclusion? Maybe it has something to do with the fact that the last time you were here at this station, you claimed that I was a danger to Bajor. That I was here to destroy your people. Am I correct in assuming that you no longer consider the Federation to be an enemy to Bajor? Then you support the notion of Bajor joining the Federation? I'm glad you said that. And I would be grateful if you would tell it to the Bajoran people. An excellent idea. Perhaps some time next week. I'm sure they would. Unfortunately, if we were to appear together in public before the Choosing, it might be misconstrued as an endorsement of your bid to become the Kai. The election of the Kai is strictly an internal affair to Bajor. As a Federation officer, I would never interfere. So, then, it's agreed. I'll be seeing you sometime next week.
(comes out of his office) Is he gone? Good. He's been driving me crazy all day. You'd think that I was Chief O'Brien You're on leave. Please disembark the station. Starfleet has ordered the Enterprise, the Prokofiev and the Valdemar to the border of the Demilitarised zone. Hopefully, when the Cardassians see that they are risking the entire treaty over this We don't know exactly what We don't even know where he's being held on Cardassia Prime. [Ops] Keiko, I promise you as soon as we have more information, I'll do everything in my power to On screen. I'm Benjamin Sisko, Commander of Deep Space Nine. May I speak with him? May I see him? May I be assured that he is well and being treated properly? Good. Because if he is not, I will hold you personally responsible. And if that sounds like a threat, it is. That's right. I do. Now, what are the charges against Chief O'Brien? We'll be there. Nestor? Begin a complete security sweep of the station and Chief O'Brien's recent activities. I want to know if there's anything out of the ordinary that might begin to explain this. Then we need to know that too, don't we? [O'Brien's cell] Are they all like this? How could somebody transport two dozen warheads off this station without the perimeter sensors picking it up? I want a full analysis of that voice-print. Make absolutely sure it was O'Brien. Launchers, but no warheads. If these warheads were in the runabout, they'll be used as evidence in the trial. We'll find that out soon enough. That's the one question I want an answer to. I also want to find out who the other guy was. The one who was waiting to receive these warheads. I'll have Starfleet intelligence begin to pick up Maquis suspects for questioning. In the meantime, let's see if we can ID any possible Maquis members who've been on the station recently. Dismissed. [O'Brien's cell] I'll have him picked up. [Cardassia] Look, we're not after the Maquis. We're just trying to help an innocent man. Doesn't it bother you that old friend is about to be executed by the Cardassians? If you're worried we'll turn you over to the Cardassians, I can assure you that we won't. Hold him for further questioning. [Infirmary] (It is dark when Bashir enters) I'd like Doctor Bashir to give you a physical examination. To help us answer some questions about you. You left your wife about eight years ago. You'd been married a long time. Almost fifteen years, wasn't it? And about the same time you were discharged from Starfleet after failing several crew performance reviews. When Doctor Bashir examined him, he discovered that Boone was missing his first molar. The DNA analysis confirmed that he was Cardassian. Eight years ago, to replace the real Raymond Boone who was taken prisoner at Setlik Three and apparently killed in detention. His ex-wife told us he came back from captivity a different man. She blamed it on the treatment he received from the Cardassians, but it started us to think. Exactly. When Makbar saw Boone in the courtroom, she realised that we had the goods to embarrass the High Command in front of the entire populace. Oh no, no, no. I had to use all of my influence to extend your accommodations at the lagoon. We'll drop you off on our way home.
Hey, Jake. What's all this? That's it? You're just going to watch it grow? Not bad, but don't you think it's a little Low tech? I still think you can do something a little more challenging. If you could do any science project you wanted to, anything at all, what would it be? Well, that's not exactly a science project, is it? Second choice? And what would you do when you got there? Not bad. All right, let's do it. It'll be like a vacation. A working vacation. I know we will. [Commander's office] Not this trip. I really want to spend some time alone with Jake. When's the Odyssey due back from the Cardassian border? It's a shame I'll have to miss your reunion with Captain Keogh. Funny, he said the same thing about you. Send him in. He's really looking forward to this trip. (Jake enters) Partner? Now hold on a second, Jake-o. Maybe he can help you analyse the survey information when we get back? Why don't the two of you stow our gear in the back while I go through pre-launch? Fire the phasers? I'm sure he is. I was just hoping that you and I could spend this time together. Since when? You can tell Rom not to worry. I'll take good care of the boy. And I promise I won't try to corrupt him with my human values. All right. But let's get going before anyone else shows up. Our preliminary surveys suggest it's a lot like Earth during the early Devonian period. A lot of plant life, fish, some insects, but no predators or large animals. Pretty, isn't it? Quark, this is as close to paradise as you're going to get. All you need to do is allow yourself to see it. I suppose you want to cut down all these trees and start strip mining the entire planet. What's the problem? To what? Perhaps you'd be more comfortable sleeping on the runabout. I hadn't noticed. The answer is still no, Quark. I'm not going to allow you to sell merchandise over the station's monitors. Such as? Quark, you're wasting your time, and mine. So how's it going? You're showing a little lead there too. Why not wait until tomorrow. I was just about to start dinner. How'd you know? The two of you did good work today. Anyone want some more? Quark? I thought the Ferengis liked eating bugs. Better get a good night's sleep. We have another big day tomorrow. A camping trip we took on Itamish Three. Isn't that where I taught you how to water ski? Yes. She was always the graceful one. You know, Jake, we really need to get away more often. Quark, cover it up! Are you all right? Quark, calm down. Look, do us all a favour. Sit down and try to stay out of trouble. What I've done? That is not true. Quark, I don't have to stand here and defend myself. I never thought about it. We don't know who you're talking about. We are not your enemies. Quark, shut up. Quark. I'm about to put my fist in your opinion. You're not helping anything. If she wants to help us, she will. Right now, I'd say she's even more scared than you are. She's obviously been running from these people for a while. She's probably been through a lot. She doesn't know who we are, what we're about. I just hope that Jake and Nog are smart enough to stay out of sight until help gets here. I'm not so sure about Jake. If I know him, he'll be looking for us. I've never seen anything like this before. It seems like it's generated by Thanks for the warning. How did you know that the security barrier's lethal? Anything you can tell me about them might be helpful. We're not from around here. My name is Benjamin Sisko. I'm from the United Federation of Planets. We came through a wormhole to get here. Our home is thousands of light years away. I'm glad to meet you, Eris. (Sisko holds out his hand and introduces Eris to the handshake.) That's Quark. Tell me about the Jem'Hadar. If it's so dangerous, why would anyone do business with them? Back there in the camp, that's what you used to knock me down. How did you manage to escape? Why? That thing they put around your neck Then we'll just have to find a way to get this collar off. Luckily for us, they seem as sure about that as you do. Look around you. They've placed the three of us in the same containment field. I've never seen more than four guards on duty at any one time. As far as I can tell, there's only this single containment field between us and freedom. They're overconfident, and that's what's going to help us get out of here. Maybe if I can pry off that casing, I can get at the locking mechanism. (her brooch) May I? He's not so bad. Don't be so sure. We need to know what the Jem'Hadar plan to do with us. Which means we need to get their attention. And if there's one thing I know It's that Quark is hard to ignore. (The Jem'Hadar enters the containment area) I'm Commander Benjamin Sisko of the United Federation of Planets. I want to know why we are being held here. Then why won't you let us go? And who are the Founders? If the Founders are the ones who give the orders, I want to meet them. And the Jem'Hadar are their servants? I'm sorry to disappoint you. I am not interested in discussing the Klingons. How do you know so much about our side of the galaxy? I don't plan on telling you anything. Who will? Got it. It looks like some kind of multiple locking system. We'll try to find my son. We'll use his communicator to signal my ship and transport us off the surface. You're welcome to come back to the station with us. I'm sure Starfleet would like to hear anything you have to tell them about the Dominion. Quark, maybe you'd better take a look at this. Not now, Quark. Quark, we don't have time for this. All right, let's get out of here. Quark, move it! (Sisko throws the rifle to Quark, who also picks up the collar. Another Jem'Hadar shimmers in so Quark shoots that one.) Thanks. Let's go. [Runabout Orinoco] No, I'm not leaving him behind. We never would've gotten away from the Jem'Hadar without him. This has turned into some science project, huh, Jake? Take Eris back to the passenger compartment and wait there. Jake, well done. [Runabout Mekong] (The Jem'Hadar ships are much bigger than the runabouts.) Kira, Dax, you heard him. Let's get out of here. [Runabout Orinoco] They're showing us how far they're willing to go. Set a course for the wormhole. [Runabout Rio Grande] (Everyone is disembarking at the station) You'll get used to it. Move away from her. Which means you could have used your telekinetic abilities at any time. So the question is, why didn't you? The Jem'Hadar wanted us to escape, didn't they? That was the plan all along, for us to bring you back here so that you could spy on the Federation. You're one of the Founders, aren't you? Constable. Chief! If the Dominion comes through the wormhole the first battle will be fought here, and I intend to be ready for them. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Hello, Major. Sorry to startle you, but I wanted to test the Defiant's cloaking device.
This has been a long time coming, Major. Starfleet has never been happy with the Constable. I want him to stay as much as you do but he has to want to stay. Commander's log, supplemental. It's been six days since we had to abandon the Defiant after the Jem'Hadar attack. We still don't know what happened to the rest of the crew. Doctor Bashir and I have plotted a course back to the wormhole. Whether the shuttle can get us back there or not is questionable at best. Our engines are failing, our external sensors are barely functioning and life support systems are at twenty percent and dropping. I thought you were sleeping. Things could be worse. (They're pulled to a halt) Could be. I wish these sensors were working. (Clang and the rear hatch starts to open. Bashir levels a phaser at it.) Chief. Dax. What about the others? So I'm told. Has the delegation from the Founders arrived on the station yet? Actually it's Lieutenant Dax and Chief O'Brien who deserve most of the credit. I suppose the only question is, can we trust them? Asked to see me? Well, I suppose I could spare a few minutes. [Guest quarters] And you're one of the Founders? Not really. Only I hadn't realised till now I've already met one of your people. Do I need one? Can you blame me? From what? And now? No. Send her in. (Nechayev enters) I understand that the Romulans haven't been invited to the peace talks. I was wondering what prompted that decision. Did they say why? More disruptive than the Cardassians? Whether I have a problem with it isn't the point. It's the Romulans we have to worry about. Are you sure of that? They wouldn't have much of a chance at all. I realise that. Yes, Jake. Oh. Not really. I'm just a little preoccupied, that's all. It's these Dominion negotiations. Well, it's all happening behind closed doors. I guess I just feel out of the loop. Like what? Come in. Know about what? There must be some mistake. Let me see this. I don't believe it. Go ahead, Doctor. I want to know what the hell is going on. I want to know why my Science Officer's been transferred without my consent. I want to know why my Chief of Operations is lying in the Infirmary while the Jem'Hadar who beat him is free to walk the station, and I want to know why the Federation is willing to risk a war with the Romulans to form an alliance with a group of people that we hardly know and barely trust. I haven't even begun. What news? What about Bajor? And you're telling me the Bajorans have agreed to this? And if they do object, what then? You send in the Jem'Hadar? What about the wormhole? Will they get to protect that too? Well, if you ask me, the price is too damned high. What is the Federation supposed to get out of all this? I want a chance to speak to the Federation negotiating team before this treaty is signed. Thank you, Mister Garak. I've heard the same rumours. That Bajor has forged a pact with the Romulans to stand against the Jem'Hadar and their allies. So much for my peace mission. I wouldn't be surprised. It seems that way. I suppose not. I agree that it's a pity. Mister Garak, I never knew we thought so much alike. No. (T'Rul is shot in the back and she falls into Sisko's arms. He grabs a Jem'Hadar rifle and rams it into the soldier's gut before he's eventually knocked out.) [Security office] I hope you feel the same way an hour from now. The first thing we need to do is get our hands on a runabout. How did you know we needed photon torpedoes? I'm glad we're all in agreement. Well done, Garak. We've got to go. Come on. [Airlock] Move it, Lieutenant. Get us out of here, Chief. Prepare to launch photon torpedoes. I'm afraid I'm going to have to refuse that order. Go right ahead. But you'd better warn them not to expect any reinforcements for about seventy years. (Transmission ends, wormhole goes WHOOSH.) Attack pattern theta, Mister O'Brien. Hard a-port. Major? Constable? Borath? What the hell is going on here? I'll look forward to it. Sisko to Defiant. Five to beam up. [Planet surface]
And while you're at it, have alpha shift begin a series of battle drills. I'm not satisfied with their last performance evaluations. No, no, no, no. We're done here. What can I do for you? Well, I'm sure the old man will be happy to explain it to you on your way out. (Dax and Kira leave.) Chief. I guess Keiko must be very upset about the school closing. It sounds bad. But now you have an idea I think bay twenty one would be ideal. The ODN conduits are shot, and the security systems never worked anyway. It sounds like it to me. Listen, there's nothing harder than knowing that the person you love is unhappy, and I know how important it is to do something about it. If one empty cargo bay makes Keiko happy, then I'm all for it. I just hope it works. If there's anything else I can do, just let me know.
Now, Constable, the secret of a good soufflé is consistency. You have to be careful not to over-whip it. I hope I'm not boring you. By all means. (Odo is keeping the whisk still and moving the bowl.) Nice and smooth. That's it, it's all in the wrist. In my father's restaurant in New Orleans. You don't like beets, Doctor? That's because you haven't had them prepared properly. (Sisko ladles out some baby beetroots.) Beets are a very misunderstood vegetable. Come in. Help yourself to something. Dinner'll be ready in a few minutes. Keep at it, Constable. Nice, even strokes. Do you mind? Your humming. It's a little distracting. You've been humming that same tune since we started the game. Do me a favour. Try. (Sisko makes his move.) Your turn. (She takes the pawn.) You sure you want to do that? Check. Your mind is not on the game. Of course not. And it's a legal move. You know, why don't we just call it a day. You obviously have other things on your mind. Is this some kind of joke? How do you feel? Don't worry about it. They're already forgotten. And I used to think Curzon had a temper. This masked figure in your Do you have the sense of who it might've been? Why don't you input as much as you can remember in the computer. It might be able to find a match in the Federation database. Torias. He was Dax's fifth host, wasn't he? Isoboramine? Do you have any idea what's causing it? Curzon always said he wanted to show me the Trill homeworld. Looks like I'm going to get there after all. [Bridge] A little over thirty seven hours. How's Dax? It's funny. It's been almost four years since Curzon died, and I still miss the old man. At first I never thought I'd ever get used to a new Dax, but if anything happens to Jadzia Right. [Bashir's cabin] (Doorbell as Bashir relaxes in striped nightclothes.) Commander Benjamin Sisko. Yes, I had that privilege. You're not taking us anywhere, Dax. It usually works for me. [Corridor] (Dax hears the music and tries to find it. She encounters the masked figure.) That was long before Jadzia was an Initiate. So you feel we're on the right track with these treatments? What's on your mind, Dax? The computer's still trying to identify the music. Maybe that'll tell us something. They're unjoined Trill who have devoted their lives to the care of the symbionts. What was that energy discharge? You're saying the problem is with Jadzia? How did it go? We've got some good news. The computer's identified your music. The piece was written by a Trill named Joran Belar eighty six years ago. I'll see. (Up comes a picture from personnel database 92794 and suddenly Dax is in another room. There is a man working at a desk, and the masked figure is there too. He stabs the man in the neck.) Dax? (Dax starts to have a fit.) Yes. In fact Dax did the most recent survey herself. But that'll kill Jadzia. Timor, we need your help Dax has gone into neural shock. The doctors at the Symbiosis Commission don't know what's causing it. You told her you were certain of it. Jadzia needs you too. She's dying. Timor, what's going on here? Did someone tell you not to pursue this? You tell me. Why would anyone want him to keep quiet about this? What are they trying to hide? You'd think someone doesn't want an investigation of those past hosts. It's possible that one of the Dax hosts had something to do with this composer, Belar. I think it's time we found out more about him. [Bridge] Is that all there is? Could the file have been purged? Call up Dax's records. Put them side by side with Joran's. Wait a minute. Look at these dates. The same day the Dax symbiont was put into Curzon. Whoever purged the main database might have missed something. Check the enrollment records of all the Trill music academies during Belar's lifetime. (A list of names I can hardly read but does include Bell, Pacific and probably other jokes too.) Yolad Belar. Check the central database. See if he's still alive. Access the Trill communications grid. Try to locate him. Put him on the main viewer. I'm Commander Benjamin Sisko of the Federation Starbase Deep Space Nine. Are you Yolad Belar? We're trying to find information about a man named Joran Belar. Did you know him? He was a composer? Are you aware that his record has been purged from the Academy's files? That's what we're trying to find out. Do you know if your brother knew a joined Trill named Torias Dax? He was a candidate for joining? Was he given a symbiont? It sounds like you're not convinced that's what really happened. Did he tell you the name of his symbiont? Thank you for taking the time to speak with us. (Transmission ends.) Doctor, call up Dax's records. I think I'm beginning to understand what's going on here. According to the official records, after Torias died the Dax symbiont was put into Curzon. What if that's not what happened? What if Dax was given another host before Curzon. A host who should never have been given a symbiont. Tell Doctor Torvin to get himself a cup of raktajino. He won't be needed. So is Jadzia. Can't? Or won't? And I resent having to watch my friend die just so you can protect your secret. Oh, I think you know. And the thought of it becoming public scares the hell out of you. I'm talking about the fact that eighty six years ago the Symbiosis Commission mistakenly gave the Dax symbiont to Joran Belar. And we both know why, Doctor. The Symbiosis Commission altered the records, just like they tried to erase all knowledge of Joran from Dax's memory. We wondered about that too. What was it about Joran that had to be hidden at all costs? The fact that he never should have been selected as a host? No, that simple error in judgement wouldn't be enough, would it? There had to be something more, something that would shake the very foundation of your society. Six months, Doctor. If a man like Joran Belar can be Joined successfully for that long, how many others can be joined as well? Hundreds, thousands? Certainly more than the Symbiosis Commission would have us believe. And that is what you've been trying to cover up all along, isn't it? That's why you're willing to let Jadzia die. I'm not interested in exposing your secret, Doctor. All I care about is Jadzia. And I promise you, if she dies, I will see to it that the entire planet knows why. Do you understand my terms? Jadzia is a strong woman. I say we give her that chance. The point is. it's not up to me or you to decide. It's her life and her decision. (Renhol wakes Dax.) Just thought I'd see how you were doing. I suppose it would have been easier if you'd never found out about Joran. Good night, old man.
He could've been lying. I understand. If there's anything you need? We'll try to manage without you until you get back. (The alien woman follows Kira into the airlock) [Replimat] I'll take it. If you're looking for Major Kira, I'm afraid she's not on the station right now. She's on Bajor. This could be a transporter trace. You think she was beamed away? All right, I want the name of every ship that was in the area at the time of the beam out. Constable, contact your friends in the Bajoran militia. Tell them we need to see the activity logs of all the ground-based transporters in that area. That'll be all. I know. [Cardassia] I'd like to hear it again firsthand. I hope not, because I intend to put your abilities to the test. The three of us are going to Cardassia. Which brings up an interesting point. There are certain ministers in the Bajoran government who are concerned about your presence on this station. In fact, they want you removed. Right now, I see no alternative but to honour their request. Unless, of course, I can show them how you might be valuable to us. I don't know. But it seems to me if someone were in trouble with the Cardassian Central Command, a Bajoran space station under Federation control might just be the safest place in the galaxy. Yes. It is. We'll be travelling under false transit documents prepared by Starfleet Intelligence. Mister O'Brien has reconfigured the shield harmonics of the Defiant so that, on long-range sensors, it'll appear to be a Kobheerian freighter. We leave in three hours. Mister Garak, I believe that's the first completely honest thing you've ever said to me. How're the modifications to the shield harmonics holding up. We're well into Cardassian space, so keep a close eye on that shield modulator. If it breaks down, we could be in for some unwelcome company. Confine him to his cabin for the rest of the trip, and post a guard at the door. You can protest all you like, I What about the shield harmonics? Drop out of warp. I don't want to get too close to them. Is the communications holo-filter ready? A Kobheerian Captain will do nicely, Lieutenant. Engage the overlay. Put them on screen. I'm Captain Viterian. How can I help you? Cardassia Prime. We're carrying a shipment of Kobheerian toranium intended for military use. Gul Benil, our toranium is urgently needed on Cardassia. I would hate for you to have to explain why it was delayed. Please stand by. Are we within their weapons range yet? Do as he says, but be prepared to get us out of here fast if it doesn't work. [Cardassian ship] Mister Garak, I'm impressed. I suggest you lower your weapons. Are you all right? Legate, we have a ship waiting. From the sound of things, I think you'd better come with us.
You bought a child? Maybe you should inspect the merchandise before you make the deal. Or isn't there a Rule of Acquisition for that? Seems? Very well. What do we know about the ship the boy was on? Hi there. Hmmm? Oh, right. Have Major Kira make the appropriate arrangements. And keep me informed about him. What? Oh, come on. Since Jake stopped wearing diapers. I never thought I'd hear myself saying this but, I miss taking care of Jake when he was a baby. I miss holding him, singing to him at night, feeding him. I haven't forgotten. But there are times when I would give almost anything for the days when I could make Jake happy just by lifting him over my head. Good night. [Sisko's quarters] (Jake is lying on the couch, working on a PADD.) Hey, how about a hug for the old man? (Jake turns away from him.) Well I did, weeks ago. I told you if you didn't invite her soon, I'd invite her myself. I didn't realise that a dinner invitation required so much warning. Well, dinner isn't till tomorrow night. That'll gives you a full day to prepare her for the traumatic experience of having dinner with the old man. Exactly. Right. You wanted to see me, Doctor? Is something wrong with the baby? He looks about eight or nine years old. How old is he in reality? I'm Benjamin, and that's Julian. Do you have a name? On a space station. Do you know what that is? I'd say we have a lot to learn from each other. Advanced language skills. Implanted? You mean artificially? So, you're saying he may have been part of some experiment? I want you to test his mental abilities. See if they increase. Maybe he'll get to the point where he can tell us who he is and where he's comes from. [Cargo bay] That could imply that they didn't want him to begin maturing while he was on board. What about the rest of the wreckage? Did you find any computers or other information systems? Good. By the way, the replicators in my quarters' on the blink again. Could you spare someone this afternoon to fix them? You know about that? You would think I was going to court martial her by the way he's acting. Quark may call her a dabo girl but she's twenty years old. She's a woman and Jake's a sixteen year old boy. It has to stop. Curiosity, mostly. I wanted to see what I was up against. She's a dabo girl and she's dating my son. I don't want to like her. (Sisko leaves) I've just spoken with Starfleet Command. They want to make sure he's healthy enough to travel and then send him to Starbase two oh one where he'll be handed over to a team of specialists. There will be a complete team xenobiologists and exopsychologists waiting for him. He'll be very well treated. Odo, do you really think you can control him? I'd like to speak with the Constable in private for a moment, please. (Bashir, Dax and Kira leave.) Talk to me, Odo. Tell me what's really going on here. What the Founders did to the boy, to all the Jem'Hadar, is not your fault. I'll tell Starfleet we have some preliminary tests to run before we send him to Starbase two oh one. Just be careful, Odo. He is still a Jem'Hadar. [Holding cell] (Now clearly Jem'Hadar the adolescent is throwing himself against the forcefield.) Shrimp Creole with Mandalay sauce. One of my father's recipes. I hope you like spicy food. This sure has a bite. So, Mardah, tell me a little about yourself. Anything. Family. Why not? I see. Really? Poetry? You write poetry? His poetry. You play dom-jot? A hustler? I'm beginning to realise that myself. And so do I. Now, tell me more about my poet-hustler son. [Cargo bay] Starfleet is sending the USS Constellation to pick up the boy and then take him to Starbase two oh one. They'll be here in five hours. I'm sorry, Odo. Starfleet considers the boy a top priority. I did everything I could, but orders are orders. I put (The Jem'Hadar unshrouds with a weapon.) What do you want? To go where? Spread out, but remember not to fires until you hear my command or the boy fires first. (Security scatter, then Odo and the lad arrive) This is as far as you go. What makes you think he'll let you come back? When the Constellation arrives I'll tell them that I couldn't stop you from leaving, that I would've had to kill the boy to keep him here. Admiral Necheyev won't like that answer but it has the virtue of being the truth. Sisko to O'Brien. Release the security fields around the airlock, Chief. I'll see you when you get back. (Sisko and security leave.) Good. We're going to need it in the next few days. Well, I was, but some things came up at dinner I didn't expect. No, I actually got to know Jake a little better. Have you ever played dom-jot with him? Don't. [Replimat]
I hope you're planning on eating during the next three to four weeks. What's that, Chief? Go ahead. It seems we've tripped some kind of automated security programme the Cardassians left. We're locked in. Nothing. It's probably magnetically sealed like the door. We'd need a phaser to blast it open. Computer. This is the leader of the Bajoran workers. We surrender. Well, it sounds like the programme is going to wait for Cardassian security to enter the all-clear protocol. That'll give us a few minutes, anyway. What's in here? (He thumps on the chute) Since that pipe was filled with molten uridium, there wasn't any need for security measures. Chief, if he can crawl up this pipe into the machine, cab he can get to the ore chute and open that hatch from inside? Can you hear me, Jake? Jake-o, are you all right? Follow this sound, Jake. (Sisko taps the pipe with a metal bar) You know, I never knew how much this man's voice annoyed me. Don't tense up, relax. Now just take a deep breath and try again. Looks like some kind of loading bay. Locked. Chief, is there another way out of here? Sisko to Ops. Sisko to Security. Try yours. Again. Okay, hold on. There has to be something else we can do. What about all this ore? As I understand it, uridium's very unstable. Can we use that? (A lighting panel.) Tools. [Ops] On three. One, two, three. (The prise open the panel.) All right, we'd better take cover. Keep your heads down. (Sisko touches the live cable to a trail of rock fragments - a fuse.) (Sizzle, sizzle, boom! There's a hole in the door.) Anything? The turbolift shaft. We can climb it all the way to Ops. Let's see if we can get these doors open. [Ops] Go ahead Major. Level twenty nine section D. What's your status in Ops? But we might. Major, Mister O'Brien and I will handle the reactor. You begin evacuating the station. [Ops] Jake, I want you to head for runabout pad C. Listen to me, Jake. All right. Let's go. [Security office] Chief, did you ever finish those upgrades on the deflector shields? We may not have time to disengage the fusion initiator. What if we directed the explosion into the shields? We don't have time. What's wrong? I want you to wait here. I mean it this time. (O'Brien and Sisko tear their sleeves to make mittens for their hands.) I'll go first. Follow five metres behind me. If one of us runs into trouble in here O'Brien! (O'Brien is out cold. Sisko goes on. O'Brien wakes briefly then passes out again.) [Reactor control junction] Sisko to O'Brien. [Conduit] Chief, you're all right? [Corridor]
Sisko to Dax. Good news. We've been able to get the probe down another thousand kilometres [Bridge]
Listen to him, Lieutenant. If you surrender, the Defiant and your crew will be handed over to a Federation starship at the Cardassian border. He wants the Defiant's sensor logs on the Orias system. They're worth a lot more to him than Maquis prisoners. You're right. Someone has to pay the price. The deal is you'll be tried and convicted in a Cardassian court and then sentenced to spend the rest of your life in the Lazon Two labour camp. Some. You need to reverse course and surrender the Defiant to one of the ships that've been following you. It'll take too long to explain. But the ships coming out of the Orias system are not under Gul Dukat's control.
I didn't expect to find you here. I thought you'd be down on the Promenade, helping Mardah put up the decorations for the Bajoran Gratitude Festival. Isn't that the earring you All right, tell me about it. That's a good school. Jake, you're sixteen. Take my word for it, you'll survive. Sooner or later you'll find someone else. Who knows, maybe you'll find someone tonight at the Gratitude Festival. Jake, the whole point of the Festival is to put all your troubles behind you and make a new start. Good. That's the spirit. Oh. [Replimat] Jake, are you all right? You sure you're all right? Whoa, slow down. I've been looking all over for you. In case you've forgotten, we're hosting a Gratitude Dinner tonight in the wardroom. I could use your help in getting ready. Major Kira? I just spoke to her. Just hold on. I did not mean Major Kira. Of course I like her. Jake, what you're feeling now is just a crush. Look, Jake, right now you're confused, vulnerable, hurt. You miss Mardah Major Kira is in love with Vedek Bareil. Jake, I don't want to see you hurt again. Dax, what are you doing here? Thanks, but that won't be necessary. Wouldn't you rather be celebrating on the Promenade? Is there a problem between you? That doesn't sound like Vedek Bareil. Have you told Kira? Someone has to tell her. Do you want me to do it? Well, if you think that's the best way to handle it. Dax? What are you doing? You know, old man, I have to admit you had me going there for a minute. Sisko to Bashir. Meet me in the Infirmary immediately. Then why did you put your head on my chest? It's your fault, Dax. You took this one too far. She will. And stop calling her Nerys. (Sisko gets his bottom pinched.) We're not. Sisko to Bashir. Computer, locate Doctor Bashir. Constable, go get Doctor Bashir and bring him here immediately. I don't think she wants to speak with you. A Bajoran betrothal bracelet? Doctor, I need your help. Bareil, listen to me. Easy, Chief. He doesn't know what he's doing. Then Mrs Troi's amorous feelings for someone on the station were being passed along to the people around her. You're saying Dax? I'm sure no permanent harm was done. Right, Doctor? I think you ought to postpone that visit for a day or two. Commander's log, supplemental. I'm happy to report that Doctor Bashir's diagnosis has been proven correct. My son and all the other's affected by Mrs Troi's condition have made full recoveries. [Promenade - upper level]
Now there's something I never get tired of looking at. On screen. You can assure the Nagus I will mention his assistance prominently in my report to Starfleet. A misunderstanding the Nagus no doubt wants to be cleared up. I do owe him a favour. Treat people in your debt like family. Exploit them. I have been reading up. You can tell the Nagus I will do everything I can, but also remind him of the two hundred seventeenth Rule of Acquisition. She's all yours, Major. Energise, Mister O'Brien. Who are you? Logo? Those shotguns and uniforms. There's something very familiar about this. Sanctuary District? What year is this? Better. I saw it too. They were probably stolen while we were unconscious. This is not the Earth we're used to, Doctor. That's still at least a century away. I wonder what happened to Dax? That means she's probably somewhere nearby. The first chance we get, we've got to find her. And then we find our way home. A Sanctuary District. It's been a hobby of mine. They made some ugly mistakes, but they also paved the way for a lot of the things we take now for granted. A bad one. By the early twenty twenties there was a place like this in every major city in the United States. No. People with criminal records weren't allowed in the Sanctuary Districts. Nothing. They're just people without jobs or places to live. Welcome to the twenty first century, Doctor. I know, but they're not going to get it. Not now anyway. That calendar over there. It says August thirtieth, twenty twenty four. You ever hear of the Bell Riots? It was one of the most violent civil disturbances in American history, and it happened right here. San Francisco, Sanctuary District A, the first week of September, twenty twenty four. Which means if we don't get out of here soon, we'll be caught right in the middle of it. Bad. The Sanctuary residents will take over the District. Some of the guards will be taken hostage. The government will send in troops to restore order. Hundreds of Sanctuary residents will be killed. I sympathise, Doctor, but if it will make you feel any better, the Riots will be one of the watershed events of the twenty first century. Gabriel Bell will see to that. The man they named the Riots after. He is one of the Sanctuary residents who will be guarding the hostages. The government troops will storm this place based on rumours that the hostages have been killed. It turns out that the hostages were never harmed, because of Gabriel Bell. In the end, Bell sacrifices his own life to save them. He'll become a national hero. Outrage over his death, and the death of the other residents, will change public opinion about the Sanctuaries. They'll be torn down and the United States will finally begin correcting the social problems it had struggled with for over a hundred years. Which means if we warn these people about what's coming, if we try to help them in any way, we risk altering a pivotal moment in history. And we can't let that happen. Is there something wrong? I hope you're not disappointed. They're American slang terms. No. We were travelling with a friend but we were separated right after we arrived. Not at the moment. Really. What about jobs? How are we supposed to find a place to work and somewhere to live if we're stuck in here? And how long's that usually take? Thanks for your help. Thanks for the warning. We'll stay away from them. [Chris's office] Don't be so sure. One of the main complaints against the Sanctuary Districts was overcrowding. It got to the point where they didn't care how many people were in here. They just wanted to keep them out of sight. Maybe in our time. It's not that they don't give a damn, Doctor. It's that they've given up. The social problems they face seem too enormous to deal with. They'll remember. It'll take some time and it won't be easy, but eventually people in this century will remember how to care. I don't know. But as a Starfleet officer, it's my job to make sure we never have to find out. (A man is being beaten up by a gang who wear hats.) Remember, Doctor, we can't interfere. No problem. Don't worry about us. We're new here. We're just looking for a place to sleep. You heard what he said. Let's go. Here you go, Julian. In the food lines, waiting for breakfast. It's not much to look at, but it's better than nothing. (Scrambled eggs and a slice of bread by the looks of it.) I'm sorry. They ran out of utensils and napkins. When you're finished eating, I think we should get up on the roof of one of these buildings. I want to get a better look at the place. If there is, we'll find it. [Sanctuary District street] (Plenty of people live on the streets, with children.) We're not here to stay. All we want is to do is get up on the roof and take a look around. Well at least now we look like we belong here. Whatever you say. Just put the knife down. We're new here. We're just trying to get up to the roof, get a better look at the place. Julian. Looks like we made a new friend. [Sanctuary District street] All we want is to be left alone. Do whatever you want. Just leave us out of it. I'm go see how much longer this is going to take. Let him go. I said, let him go. Help him. He never would have gotten hurt if it wasn't for us. Come on. We've got to get out of here. (Police arrive and chase them.) [Sanctuary District Alley] (The pair dive to their sleeping quarters and get under some blankets.) Cover! (The police run past the pile of rubbish.) For now, but they're the least of our worries. That man who just got killed trying to help us? (Sisko shows Bashir the food card) That man was Gabriel Bell. You did all you could, Doctor. Without Bell, there's a good chance those hostages are going to die. We have to save them. Whatever it takes, we have to make sure those hostages survive. [Bridge] (Kira and O'Brien are in civilian clothing.) We've changed our minds. So what do we do? We'll spread the word. I could probably use a shave. Okay, you got it? The day after tomorrow. Try to be there and tell everyone you know. That only leaves about nine thousand to go. Whoa. Slow down. What's going on? Give me that. Get back. (Sisko fires into a brazier. Bashir goes to help Bernardo.) Come on. We have to get him off the street. [Processing Centre] (BC and others have taken it over.) That's enough. Do as he says. The name is Bell. Gabriel Bell. To be continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
You ever hear of the Bell Riots? It was one of the most violent civil disturbances in American history, and it happened right here. San Francisco, Sanctuary District A, the first week of September, twenty twenty four. The Riots will be one of the watershed events of the twenty first century. Gabriel Bell will see to that. That man who just got killed trying to help us? That man was Gabriel Bell. (The riot starts.) Give me that. Get back. (Sisko fires into a brazier. Bashir goes to help Bernardo.) Come on. We have to get him off the street. The name is Bell. Gabriel Bell. And now the conclusion. [Processing Centre] (Sirens and helicopters can be heard outside) No one's shooting anyone. We need them alive. They're the only thing we have to bargain with. Just making sure. We need to get these blinds closed. Get over there with the others. I know. It's my way of saying thank you. Now get over there with the others! Baseball, actually. What are you doing? I know what you're thinking. It's not going to be easy keeping the hostages safe. Right. But I'm not Bell. It's okay. Let him in. He's a friend. Glad to see you're all right. I know it's not what we talked about, but it's what happened and now we have to deal with it. I know. That's the first thing we have to fix. I want you to go out and find gimmies, people you know, people who can be trusted to guard the hostages. Good. We're going to need them. I did. We needed people we could trust in here. How many ghosts do you know who you can really trust? No, it isn't. Not here. Not now. The important thing we have to decide is what we're going to do with those hostages. Tasmania. Besides, we can't just think about ourselves. There are ten thousand people living in here. You want to make demands, I'll give you some demands. We tell them if they want the hostages back, they've got to shut down the Sanctuaries. They'll find jobs. They'll have to. After tonight, they won't be able to ignore us anymore. Not you. Him. I'm sure you can. But they can't dismiss Webb as easily as you or me. He's got the face. He's got the family. He's the guy next door. And that's what they need to see. [Processing Centre] (At the terminal) Someone cut off our access to the Interface. That's enough! I think you've made your point. BC, let me ask you something. Why do I get the feeling that you're not going to be happy until you've hurt one of those hostages? I think you'd better find a way to deal with that stress. It's sure to be a lot healthier for you in the long run. It's your head. and your decision. When? May I join you? Keep an eye on the hostages Those hostages aren't going anywhere until we get what we want. We want the Sanctuaries closed and the Federal Employment Act reinstated. I don't think so. What we want is to get out from behind these walls, to stop having to depend on handouts. You do that. [Processing Centre] Hold it! (BC wakes up and pumps his shotgun.) Don't. Don't do it, BC. All right. (Sisko pumps a round into his shotgun) Think again. We are, but you get on my nerves and I don't like your hat. Now put the gun down. Shut up! Now put it down. (Webb walks up to BC.) Come here. Now you listen to me closely because I'm not going to say this again. The next time you try something stupid I will make you regret it. I'm trying to save your life, and the lives of every hostage in that room. And mister, you are not making it easy. You don't know what any of this is about, do you? You work here, you see these people every day, how they live, and you just don't get it. It'd be a start. You get back in that room, and you shut up. [San Francisco - late 1960's] (Flower power, VW camper van and Hendrix. The Speakeasy is now a disco, man.) So what you're telling us is that nothing is going to change. You've run out of time. Or else what? Tough talk. I couldn't tell. Try opening that menu. There has to be. Because according to history, the residents were able to get onto the Net and tell their side of the story. Millions of people watched. Maybe it was Bell. And if he did it, we have to also. Gabriel Bell. It's good to see you again. Those hostages have to be protected whatever the cost. Julian, I want you to help Dax find the men who took her comm. badge and then I want you both to get away from this place. As soon as the hostages are in police custody, I'll try to make it back to the beam-in site. If for some reason I can't make it, you'll have to leave without me. All right. See if you can get her comm. badge back. I'll keep trying to log onto the Net. I don't think there's any question. The Kings. Fifteen was Buck Bokai's rookie year. Everybody on your feet. They'll be safer in there. Let's go. I want you in there with them. Make sure they keep their heads down. Hold it! No! (Sisko gets shot.) The next time I tell you to stay down, you Yeah. What about Webb? [Sanctuary District - outside the Processing Centre] (Full daylight reveals the full carnage) You could let us go. It's in my pocket. Thanks. There is one more thing. Tell people the truth about what happened here. Come in. Better. I'm not looking forward to explaining this to Starfleet Command. That's a good question. I wish I had an answer. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Give me the short version. You have been negotiating peace with Cardassia? How long has this been going on? Please, don't take this the wrong way, but I never would've guessed that you would be the one to bring such a bold vision of peace to Bajor. It sounds like you've developed a deeper appreciation for Vedek Bareil. You say that so calmly, but it's not every doctor that can lose a patient and then has him back on his feet in a few weeks. Maybe we should redefine our terms. Perhaps there are no official prisoners but are there be a number of, shall we say, detainees? That much seems clear. I'm afraid you may have to face the possibility that Bareil may not be able to help you much longer. So, you never told me about your double-date. That's not what I hear. Quark tells me that you and Nog aren't speaking to each other. So what did he do? Sounds like he's acting like a Ferengi to me. You can't blame him for that. About what? I remember saying that. And you know what? I was wrong. You and Nog proved that. Sure, you have your cultural differences, but there's a real bond between you. I think you two should talk this over before it becomes too big a problem. Well, I guess you'll have to do something to get his attention. [Infirmary] (Winn is there and Bareil is in agony as Bashir runs in.) Will he regain consciousness? I think we need to consider what Bareil would want us to do.
Go ahead. Who is it? Nog? [Ops] Send him in. [Ops] You're welcome. Now, what is this all about? What's this? I know it's latinum, but why are you giving it to me? Congratulations. But that doesn't explain this. You want to be my apprentice? Nog, if you want to become a Starfleet Officer, you have to attend the Academy. It's not that simple. As a non-Federation citizen, you need a letter of reference from a command level officer before you can even take the entrance exam. Well, yes. Like me. I'll think about it. Aren't you forgetting something? I see you've put in a request to reassign Ensign Vilix'pran from cargo inspection. His condition? You mean he's pregnant? Reassignment granted. I'll have make sure I offer my congratulations to the ensign next time I see him. Are you getting him anything? Count me in. Ensign Pran. (Nog leaves his customer in the cafe.) Not exactly. Look, Nog, I have to be honest with you. When I think of candidates for Starfleet Academy, yours is not the first name that comes to mind. Not at all. The fact is, your reputation on this station leaves a lot to be desired. Your school grades are mediocre at best, and you've had more than a few run-ins with Constable Odo. Lieutenant, I need a complete inventory on the contents of Cargo bay twelve. I'd like it done again. Actually, I already have someone in mind for the job. Nog. He's asked for a recommendation to Starfleet Academy. My reaction exactly. I know it seems unlikely, but before I make up my mind I want to give him a chance to prove himself. I know. No. I want him to do it alone. No help, no interference, no one looking over his shoulder. [Chamber] (Kira is encased up to her waist.) I must admit, this is impressive work. You're sure he didn't have any help? I guess he did learn something working in his uncle's storeroom. I assume that all our equipment is where it's supposed to be? Okay, so now we know he's a hard worker. The question remains. Why does he want to join Starfleet? Nog, I've given your request a lot of thought. But I'm afraid I'm going to have to turn you down. It's not anything you did, Nog. You're just not Academy material. Here. (the latinum) This belongs to you. There's nothing to talk about. We both know you'd never make it through the Academy. You couldn't handle the workload or the discipline. You wouldn't last two weeks. It doesn't matter. And I'm not going to put my reputation on the line just to satisfy some whim of yours. I don't have time for this, Nog. Now whatever little scheme you had, you can forget it. I'm not giving you that letter. You're a Ferengi. Why would you want to be in Starfleet? Where's the profit in it? Then what do you care about? Come on, Nog, tell me. Why is it so damned important for you to get into Starfleet? Why are you doing this? Your father. And a Ferengi without profit The eighteenth Rule of Acquisition. Like joining Starfleet. All right. I'll see that you get that chance. I'll send the letter the first thing tomorrow morning. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Don't thank me yet. You still have a lot of work ahead of you.
It's warm in here. I take it you've reset the environmental controls. Security measures? Fine. Have them keep their distance. I want the Cardassians to feel like guests, not prisoners. I realise that. But while the Cardassians are here, I want the Bajorans to get used to seeing them walking on the Promenade, buying from their shops, eating from their restaurants, getting to know them as something other than brutal overseers. (Dax enters) How does it look? The Cardassians seem sure that it will. There are only two Cardassians coming to the station. How much Kanar do you think they can drink? And you will be. What can I do for you? Are you making some sort of threat, Vedek? Are you saying that the arrival of the Cardassian scientists was foretold in a Bajoran prophecy? I take it you think the vipers are a reference to the Cardassian scientists. And how exactly is their presence here going to bring destruction on us all? Slow down. Now let me get this straight. You're saying that the vipers, the Cardassians, are going to destroy the wormhole? Do you understand what this communications relay could mean for Bajor? If it works, we'll be able to stay in contact with ships in the Gamma Quadrant. Is the Bajoran Assembly aware of this prophecy? Yet they still want us to proceed with the establishment of the communications relay. Vedek, I have the utmost respect for your beliefs, but I have no intention of calling this project off. You're free to do that, of course. (Yarka leaves) Major, have Odo find out everything he can about Vedek Yarka and his followers. I don't want them making any trouble while the Cardassians are here. [Airlock] I'm Commander Benjamin Sisko and on behalf of the United Federation of Planets and Starfleet Command, I'd like to welcome you to Deep Space Nine. That's a hope that I can assure you we share. This is my First Officer, Major Kira. Well, now that we've gotten the formalities out of the way, how was your trip? You did very well. I know what you mean. I've gotten three calls from Starfleet Command just this morning. Well, why don't I show you to your quarters. [Wardroom] The signalling platform we've designed is intended to be positioned in the Gamma Quadrant at this point, two kilometres from the far mouth of the wormhole. Chief O'Brien's people can assist you with that. And when you're ready, we'll take the Defiant to the Gamma Quadrant, deploy the communications relay, and start running tests. I'll have someone show you to your quarters. Now those are about the two friendliest vipers I've ever met. I'll explain later. (Ulani enters again.) I'll arrange quarters. So we need to discuss what we're going to do about. (spots Kira's expression) What is it, Major? Yes. Why? So Yarka may be using this prophecy as a way to scuttle the peace treaty. I don't have an agenda, Odo. I want this project to succeed because I want the peace treaty to succeed. If I thought for a moment there was any possibility that this communications relay could cause damage to the wormhole, I'd put a stop to it right now. Oh? I can't deny that. Are you suggesting that I'm dismissing this prophecy too easily because I don't want to be the Emissary? Good. How're Chief O'Brien and Gilora coming along? We won't be ready much before that anyway. Release docking clamps, and set course a for the wormhole. (WHOOSH! into the Gamma Quadrant.) Full scan. All right, take us into position. Stand by to deploy the relay What is it? Let's have a look. Put it on screen. Begin a final systems check on the relay station. I want to deploy it within the hour. Major, can I have a word with you? [Cabin] The Sword of Stars? That's open to debate. But what is not debatable is that this prophecy has no place on the Bridge of the Defiant, especially in front of the Cardassians. At the moment they are not even aware of it, and I want to keep it that way. I take it, Major, that you believe the prophecy is coming true? So you think I should call this mission off? Do you really believe that I'm the Emissary? I hope I don't offend your beliefs, but I don't see myself as an icon, religious or otherwise. I'm a Starfleet Officer, and I have a mission to accomplish. If I call it off, it has to be for some concrete reason, something solid, something Starfleet. Agreed. But that all hinges on how you interpret an ancient text that's been translated and re-translated over the centuries. Words that were couched in metaphor to begin with. I'm sorry, Major, but where you see a Sword of Stars, I see a comet. Where you see vipers, I see three scientists. And where you see the Emissary, I see a Starfleet Officer. Go ahead. On my way. [Corridor] Are we ready on this end? Report. Terminate the carrier wave and maintain our position. (The beam stops and the wormhole closes. The ship stops shaking.) What happened? Was there any damage to the relay? It would seem that our scientific methodologies differ slightly. It is our practice to examine all possibilities, no matter how unlikely, before we proceed with field tests. We'll have to keep that in mind when we resume work on the communications relay. That is, of course, an internal Cardassian matter. Chief, Dax feels that we can't risk using tractor beams to deflect the comet. How long would the modifications take? Get on it. We'll be cutting this one pretty close. [Jefferies tube] Half an hour ahead of schedule. There are hundreds of them. Most of them are vague, some are contradictory, but just enough truth in a few of them to make me wonder. If you interpret them a certain way, yes. I have to admit it's getting harder to ignore. I know, but I'm becoming more and more concerned that if I don't send the Cardassians home, something else will go wrong. I'd continue working on the communications relay. As soon as the Defiant is ready, have the Cardassians meet us on board. Bring us to within ten kilometres. Chief, are your phaser modifications online? Shields up. Go to Red Alert. Fire. (Bang on the Bridge!) Chief, what the hell happened? How long until they reach the entrance? Without weapons we have no way of stopping them. (After the break, everyone is watching O'Brien working.) The Order has always been opposed to the peace treaty with Bajor. They sent you here to sabotage the relay because if the first joint venture between Cardassia and Bajor was a failure, it would probably be the last. Take her to quarters and detain her there. (Security remove Dejar.) Now that the comet's been fractured into smaller pieces, can we use the tractor beams to deflect them? If we can't stop the fragments, is there any way that we can prevent the silithium from interacting with the wormhole? A shuttlepod could manoeuvre between them and its warp drive should be able to create a large enough subspace field. That's the chance I'll have to take. Major, you have the Bridge. I want you to take the Defiant back into the Alpha Quadrant as soon as I've cleared the shuttlebay. Dax, the Bridge is yours. [Shuttlepod] We've cleared the shuttlebay. Signal the Defiant that they can leave. I'm going to take us in behind the comet fragments. It'll be easier to manoeuvre into position. [Bridge] (WHOOSH! In the Alpha Quadrant.) We're in position. Activate the subspace field. We'll reach the entrance to the wormhole in five seconds. (WHOOSH! and in they go.) Divert power from the engines to the subspace field coils. We'll let our own inertia carry us the rest of the way. Sisko here. There was some silithium leakage inside the wormhole, but we're fine. [Bridge] It's almost like the wormhole was wedged open just a crack. Just enough to let subspace signals through. The communications relay. In a sense we've been trying to peer through the temple gates. So that they never close again. And Trakor saw it all three thousand years ago. [Promenade] It seems that the Prophets want peace between your two peoples after all. Don't tell me that has something to do with me? Tell me about it.
Congratulations, Doctor. The Federation Medical Council has announced the nominees for this year's Carrington Award. And the nominees are, Doctor April Wade of the University of Nairobi, Healer Senva of the Vulcan Medical Institute, Doctor Henri Roget of the Central Hospital of Altair Four, Chirurgeon Ghee P'Trell of Andoria, and Doctor Julian Bashir, Chief Medical Officer of Starbase Deep Space Nine. Good luck. (office) The Sisko taught us about corporeal lifeforms. (office) The Zek wanted to know the outcome of the game before it was played. (office) Adversarial. (office) We examined your species' history, the totality of your existence. We discovered that you have not always been as you are now. We should do to this one what we did with the other. Restore it to a purer existence. Your argument is specious. Changing you will not result in the termination of all corporeal existence. Roget? Julian.
You were re-routing a phase inducer when one of the plasma conduits blew out. Agreed. Route them to docking bay twelve. Inform the Romulan delegation we'll meet them there. And Chief? Light duty means light. I don't want to see you crawling around the Jefferies tube tonight looking for power surges. Ready, Major? (Kira and Sisko go to the turbolift.) Promenade. [Promenade] (Security dragging a drunk Klingon) Constable, I wasn't aware there were any Klingons on the station. The Romulan delegation has just arrived and they're going to be here for at least two days while they study our intelligence reports on the Dominion. I want you to keep a close eye on the Klingons. We don't need any trouble right now. Welcome to Deep Space Nine. I'm Commander Sisko, and this is my first officer, Major Kira. We have arranged quarters for you. I know it's been a long trip, so perhaps you'd like to Very well. If you'll come this way. [Quark's] (Quark hangs the dart board and Miles paces off the ocky) We don't know any of that yet. It's the truth, whether you choose to believe it or not. I'm aware of that and I'm willing to cooperate with you in any way I can. I'll have to clear that with Starfleet. So it would seem that you did travel into the future and then returned to the same moment that you left. Mister O'Brien? [Infirmary] Don't worry, Chief. Dax is using every scanner on the station to hunt for any temporal abnormalities. Chief, do you have any idea of how far into the future you travelled? Well, this conference with the Romulans is not supposed to last longer than three days. In the meantime I'll have Odo tighten security around Quark's. (Kira enters.) Of course. [Promenade] Personal logs are out of the question, but they can have limited access to the Defiant. I'll let them debrief us as well. I know they're pushing us, Major, but consider their position. There have never been any Romulan ships in the Gamma Quadrant, so they've never encountered the Dominion. So they're completely dependent on us for information. The Romulans generally prefer to sit back and pull the strings from a distance if they can. I know. But like Ruwon said, they've lived up to their part of the bargain. We have to do everything we can to live up to ours. And Major, when you're in with the Romulans, try to be diplomatic. If there is something dangerous in there, it could be cloaked or have some dampening field around it. You're sure this is the right panel? Well, since it appears that your first two time jumps each moved you to about five hours into the future, we could also assume that the incident you saw in this corridor moved you to about five hours into the future. All of these quarters are vacant at the moment. There are no vital power conduits in this area, no crucial defence systems. Why would someone want to booby-trap a wall panel here? Sisko here. Go ahead, Lieutenant. We're on our way. Keep me informed. [Ops] Assuming for the moment that a singularity is responsible, how do we combat its effects on the Chief? So you're saying that it could be pulling O'Brien's body like a magnet? Keep trying to pinpoint the singularity. If it is out there, we need to locate it and find a way to get rid of it. Oh? Section forty seven? The wall panel where O'Brien saw himself being killed is right outside those quarters. Which means either the Romulans are going to put a device in the bulkhead themselves or someone else will, possibly to be used against the Romulans. No. That'll warn whoever's responsible. But inform Odo of the change in quarters. He already has that corridor under surveillance. Let's see how this thing plays out before we make any further moves. [Security office] You have something, Constable? Were you able to see who it was? That's a delicate piece of transporter work. Any suspects? Do you have any evidence besides the fact that Klingons hate Romulans? You think Quark had something to do with this? These quarters have been vacant for weeks. So what did they do? Bring in a portable transporter and beam the surveillance equipment into the bulkhead? That's true. Ah. They realigned the matter-energy conversion matrix. So now we know how they did it, the next question is who? That's still very little evidence to make an arrest. Odo, cut to the chase. Why didn't you just say so? So Gowron sent our three friends here and they're conducting surveillance on the Romulan delegation. Why? Are they here to kill them? Well in either case I think we have enough evidence to at least hold the Klingons for questioning, don't you? Just be careful. So, how are you feeling, Chief? What about the quantum singularity? Is there any way to break it out of its orbit and send it on its way? Chief? What's wrong? Did you see anything from the runabout that would indicate how the station was destroyed? Agreed. Make preparations to evacuate the station, but do it quietly. If the destruction of the station is the result of an attack or sabotage, we don't want to alarm our enemy and make him trigger events we're trying to avoid. Begin a complete systems check of everything on the station that could potentially cause this kind of explosion. Even if you're able to initiate a time jump, each time you travelled into the future, you've always gone five hours. How do you propose to shorten the length of the jump? All right. But if you can't do it within two hours, I'm going to begin to evacuate the station. Go ahead, Chief. Understood, Chief. Raise shields. Stand by weapons systems. [Infirmary] Quark, you can leave. I know you have a cloaked warbird orbiting the station, and I know you're planning an attack. At first, I couldn't understand why, and then I remembered what you said about the Dominion. How they were the greatest threat to the Alpha Quadrant in the last century. If you really believed that, then the only way you could ever be truly safe from the Dominion would be to collapse the wormhole. That's right. But I'll tell you what's not a theory. We tracked the tetryon emissions back to your warbird and I have about fifty photon torpedoes locked on to it right now. I couldn't agree more. Constable, will you please escort our guests to the nearest transporter room.
I'll handle this, Doctor. She's suffering cranial trauma. Treat the fracture with an osteogenic stimulator and then follow it up with I'm just doing my job. Give him a coagulation activator to stop the bleeding. I'm flattered. But I'm needed here. I suppose you're right. Look after things here. I won't be long. Welcome back, Doctor.
Report. What caused the rupture? I take it you don't agree. So you think someone ruptured it deliberately? Making the explosion look like an accident. Sisko to Ops. Delay the departure of all vessels until further notice. I have reason to believe that someone may have tried to kill Mister Garak. [Infirmary] Someone tried to kill you, Garak. Whoever it was may try again, so if I were you I would give this matter some serious thought. Could this attempt on your life have anything to do with the reason you were exiled from Cardassia? I don't like explosions going off on my station, Garak. Innocent people could've been hurt. You could've been killed. Now if there's anything you know you're not telling us, I suggest you start talking. We've assigned a security detail to you. I suggest you stay as close to them as possible. (Sisko and Odo leave.) Why would the Romulans want to destroy the Flaxian's ship? All right, Mister Garak. Do you know why the Romulans might hire someone to kill you? I'm getting tired of hearing you say that. How long do you expect us to believe What makes you so sure? I intend to. But I don't expect them to be entirely forthcoming. [Commander's office] (A youngish Romulan woman is on the office viewscreen.) I have to say I'm a little surprised to hear you admit it so easily. We have information that he may have worked as an assassin. Shortly after he came here, someone tried to kill a Cardassian who lives aboard the station. A tailor, actually. He is. I take it you don't believe her either. But the question still remains. Why would the Romulans want to have Garak killed? So, where does this leave your investigation? All right, then let's start with him. What do we know about Garak? He was exiled from Cardassia. For what reason, we're not sure. He never leaves the station. He avoids contact with other Cardassians. And it's possible he was once an intelligence agent of the Obsidian Order. Agreed. So we can assume that this attempt on his life had something to do with the Order? And the Obsidian Order is uncooperative when it comes to answering questions about their former agents. What do you mean? I take it you don't want to elaborate on that? Granted.
You were getting ready to stage a vole fight. Constable, I want the voles confiscated and removed from the station. I'll see if I can get him some goldfish. Now, gentlemen, if you will excuse me, it's late. Ops is yours, Lieutenant. (O'Brien enters in casual clothes.) You going somewhere, Chief? Do you want to talk in my office? Stand down. Where are we? Right now I'm not feeling very comfortable. (Sisko disarms O'Brien.) There. That's better. I'm glad you liked it. Not as many as you think. If I had to guess, I'd say that this is the same parallel universe that two of my crewmembers visited a year ago. I wish you luck, but I don't see what that has to do with me. Was? Ah. So you want me to take his place. Well, I've got a better idea. We're going to walk back to the transporter pad and you're going to send me home. I'm sorry, but you're going to have to find someone else. I don't belong here and I'm not about to interfere with events going on in this universe. So, you want me to prevent this scientist from finishing her project? How did he plan to do that? Jennifer. She was my wife too. But in my universe, she's dead. What do you mean not yet? Kill her? I can't let her die. Not again. So it's agreed. I help you get Jennifer away from the Alliance, and then you get me home. I don't understand what Jennifer's doing helping the Alliance in the first place. I mean, didn't she know that Sisko was leading the Rebellion? You don't look very confident, Chief. All right, Smiley. If I do, I guess I'll just have to improvise. [Rebel HQ] (In the underground complex are familiar faces with mostly different personalities - Tuvok from Voyager for a start, Rom and others) Does that mean you're volunteering for the job? I hope that doesn't disappoint anyone. I'm sure you are. Just their propaganda machine working overtime. But you know what all that tells me? They're scared. And we're going to give them plenty of reasons to stay scared. I'm glad to see you still care. I thought you told me I was married. I see what you meant by surprises. [Rebel HQ - bedroom] We have a lot of planning to do. I suppose it can at that. [Intendant's office] Are you sure these Alliance patrol patterns are accurate? Hmm? Oh, that's right. Just thinking. Those days are gone. Don't you want to see the Terrans gain their freedom? I'm not ready to give up just yet. Then I suppose we'll just have to make sure she doesn't finish. [Rebel HQ] Trying to reach Terok Nor using small fighters didn't work. But we need to get Jennifer off that station, and we need to get her off there soon. I can be very persuasive. What my wife thinks of me is no concern of yours. Put it away, Dax. Go on, put it away. You tell them, Smiley. At least someone here is using his brain. She's valuable. We need her. All right. Does anyone disagree? Good. Now let's get to work. [Intendant's quarters] (Kira is getting a gentle, sensuous massage.) Don't do that. It'll work. Just stop scratching. But you and I both know that was just a warm up. Jennifer's the one I really have to convince. Five years. I'll try to remember that. Do you have any idea what went wrong between her and Captain Sisko? What is she like, this Jennifer? She was the kindest, most caring person I ever knew. What are the coordinates? Be glad I'm not him. [Airlock] I'm glad to see you too, Intendant. You wouldn't have it any other way. Maybe, but not right away. Not unjustly, I hope. Take me to the Intendant's quarters. Then she'll decide what to do with me. Shall we? I sympathise. It's a difficult decision. But I'm sure you'll come up with something. What better reason do you need? What do you want? Do I get a vote? You will let me know what you decide? Jennifer. You heard her. I was hoping we could talk. I made a lot of mistakes back then. You've made your point. Where there really that many? Maybe I loved you both. That's a good question. I'm fighting to help free our people. Who said I'd been captured? Actually, I came here to rescue you. That's what I said. You can't stay here. You mean the sensor array? If you finish the array you'll destroy any hope our people have for a better future. I don't think you want that. It's not that simple. The Alliance isn't interested in a peaceful settlement. If we lay down our arms, we'll all be killed. Not this way. Not while the Terrans are still at the mercy of the Alliance. They're your own people, Jennifer. Maybe I've changed in the past few years. I guess I was a pretty lousy husband. Look, I know it's too late for an apology. But for what it's worth, I'm sorry. What is it? And I wish things could've been better between us. But this isn't about us. Or is it? Why are you working for the Alliance? Is it because you believe in what they're doing or is it something else? I think the two of us have been fighting each other for so long that you've gotten used to us being on opposite sides. But I'm not the enemy this time, Jennifer. The Alliance is. That's where you're wrong. Don't you see, you're no different than the slaves working in the ore processing centre. In fact, you may even be worse off. At least they know they're prisoners. You don't have to be. Fight back. Come with me. The way I see it, freedom is a lot better than slavery. Think about it. (Sisko taps three times behind his ear) [Ore processing] (O'Brien touches behind his ear.) Sending a message. Courtesy of the Ferengi. [Ore processing] (O'Brien sneaks away from the main work, opens a panel and starts adjusting things) [Corridor] (Outside his quarters, Sisko knocks out the first Klingon guard and then shoots the second with a disrupter) Jennifer, I need an answer. Are you coming with me or not? Of course you do. If you want, you can go back to your quarters and forget we ever spoke. It's up to you. What's that? I know. [Ore Processing] Airlock seven. There should be a ship waiting there for us. Providing we can get there before the security systems reactivate. Get back. (Sisko shoots a Cardassian and they run. Another catches up to them and shoots the bulkhead. They are trapped by a porthole.) I'll think of something. (Reinforcements arrive.) Good work, Smiley. Then we'd better get to the airlock. Got any suggestions? (Phaser fire around the corner.) Fall back. (A worker gets shot as they retreat.) Maybe us, but not Jennifer. I came a long way to get you out of here, and I'm not going to leave without you. What is it? Smiley, how far is the ore processing centre? Smiley, seal the doors. I'm going to get you out of here, I promise. Don't worry. I know what I'm doing. I just hope your Terok Nor was designed by the same Cardassian that built my Terok Nor. [Corridor] Oh, I wouldn't. You'd be making a mistake. You don't know how right you are. I have activated the station's self-destruct sequence. Unless I disarm it, this whole place will blow up in nine minutes. (Garak laughs.) Alpha nine one seven five blue. I changed it. You have eight minutes and thirty seconds to let us go. Otherwise we all die. I will give you the access code once my friends and I are safely away from the station. Do we have a deal? You're welcome to try. [Rebel HQ] (Jennifer and Dax are sitting together.) Well, I'm glad to see the two of you are getting along. I thought I'd pay the Romulans a visit. See if I can convince them to help us. Jennifer, there's so much I want to tell you. I just don't know where to start. I'm sorry. It's a long story. But ask Smiley. He can fill you in on the details. He does at that. So, what are you going to do now? The deal was that I get you off the station, and then I go home. I don't know. It was my pleasure. Take me home, Smiley. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Why would the Romulans want to destroy the Flaxian's ship? Do you know why the Romulans might hire someone to kill you? About ten minutes ago, our sensors picked up high concentrations of tetryon particles moving toward the station. Romulans? Open a channel Red alert. All hands to battle stations. Shields up, stand by weapons. Try to hail them, Lieutenant. Lieutenant, open a priority channel to Starfleet Command now. [Warbird Ready room] Admiral, we believe Security Chief Odo is aboard one of the Romulan ships. I'd like permission to take the Defiant into the Gamma Quadrant and try to determine if he's still alive. Commander Eddington, am I correct in assuming that Starfleet is planning to send substantial reinforcements to this sector? Nine starships. I want the Defiant prepared to leave for the Gamma Quadrant in two hours. I am not going to just abandon one of my officers. Toddman's concerned about the defence of Bajor, and so am I. If we detect a Jem'Hadar strike force heading for the Alpha Quadrant, we'll use the communications relay to warn DS Nine, and we'll do everything we can to stop them before they reach the wormhole. I consider this a volunteer mission, but don't volunteer yet. There's a good chance you won't be coming back from this mission. And even if you do, you'll probably be facing a general court martial. If you do decide to go, be aboard the Defiant at fifteen thirty hours. Dismissed. [Bridge] All stations report. Release docking clamps. That's what you think it says. How can you be sure when a transmission is as badly garbled as that one? Must be. (Eddington looks worried) Aft thrusters back one quarter, port and starboard at station keeping. (WHOOSH. Into the Gamma Quadrant and under cloak) Set course for the Founders' homeworld, warp eight. [Warbird Bridge] What kind of fluctuation? All stop. Full scan, Lieutenant. Are there any other ships in the area? We'll have to fight our way out of here. (After the break.) Why? I don't suppose you could. Chief, now that we know the problem is in the tetryon compositor, how long until you can fix it? You've got two. On your way. (O'Brien leaves.) I'm afraid I'm going to have to confine you to quarters, Mister Eddington. I make it a policy to never question the word of anyone who wears that uniform. Don't make me change that policy. Man your station, Commander. But I'd stay out of the Chief's way if I were you. [Warbird - Odo's quarters] (Garak enters with a bucket and two Romulans carrying pieces of a Contraption.) Major, leave the chief alone. If he needed help he would ask for it. For now, the best thing we can do is to stay out of his way. [Warbird - Odo's quarters] (Odo is shaking, cracking and flaking badly.) Engage cloak. Resume course to the Founders' planet, maximum warp. [Warbird - Ready room] Fire on the lead ship, then bring us back to the runabout. Drop shields. Bridge to Transporter room. Beam them aboard, Chief. Raise shields. [Transporter room] Attack pattern omega four. Full impulse power. Hold your fire until we're within five hundred metres. Not as singed as they're going to get. Engage. Fire! (KaBOOM, KaBOOM. O'Brien enters with Garak and Odo.) Aft torpedoes fire. Any other signs of pursuit? Let's not wait around for them to change their minds. Set course for the wormhole, Lieutenant. Warp eight. Engage. [Commander's office] There is still no indication that any Romulan or Cardassian vessels survived the attack. I had the same thought. Thank you, sir. I'll keep that in mind, sir. [Garak's shop] (Still a big mess. Garak cleans the remains of a mirror and sees Odo standing in the doorway.)
Hey, Jake-o! Hey. I just thought it was time for a change. What do you think? Beautiful. You should've come with me. This wasn't just some old library. We're talking about the most extensive collection of Bajoran antiquities on the planet. I saw manuscripts that date back to before the fall of the First Republic. Here. Look at this. (Sisko shows Jake a PADD with a blueprint on it.) According to legend, the ancient Bajorans used ships like these to explore their star system eight hundred years ago Some scholars say they made it all the way to Cardassia. Solar sails. These ships were propelled by light pressure. Exactly. I don't know. That's why I'm going to build one. [Cargo bay] I'm expecting a lumber shipment from Bajor this afternoon. Which reminds me. I'll need a sabre saw. You know, to cut wood. Oh, no. I want to use the same types of tools the Bajorans had. This will do fine, Major. As soon as these cargo containers are out of the way, I'll start construction. Look, I don't plan to spend the next few years sailing to Cardassia. All I want is to build one of these ships and prove that it's spaceworthy. Why? Because it'll be fun. (After vignettes of Sisko welding, Sisko moving solar panels, pouring over the blueprints, putting heavy components into place, testing the iris opening for the porthole, more welding.) Oh, yes. [Sisko's quarters] (At a meal.) You know, I've been thinking. According to the star charts, the most difficult part of the trip between Bajor and Cardassia would be getting through the Denorias Belt. After that, it would be smooth sailing the rest of the way. Just making that part of the trip would go a long way towards demonstrating that the Bajorans could have made the journey to Cardassia. It should only take about four, five days. So? So what do you say you come with me? We'll have a great time. The ship will be ready to go in another week. Oh, well. If you can't do it, you can't do it. Sure. I understand. [Bajoran ship] (Still in the cargo bay, Sisko is welding. Jules Verne would love this spaceship.) Hello Jadzia. Oh, thank you. Let me just finish this welding and I'll take a break. I'm just following the blueprints. Oh, I suppose not, but I want everything to be just right. It's an exact replica, you know, except for the gravity net I installed in the floor. Weightlessness makes me queasy. Like what? The nursery. Well, you have to admit it turned out pretty well. Jake loved that ceiling. In fact, when we moved out of the house, he couldn't understand why we couldn't bring it with us. Oh, he has other things he'd rather be doing, friends he'd rather be with. It's funny. A year or two ago, nothing would've stopped him from coming with me on an adventure like this. I guess I waited too long. You already have. Welcome aboard, sir. So, what do you think? Word gets around. If you recall, you thought the Celestial Temple was a Bajoran fairy tale, until we discovered the wormhole. Don't worry. I'll have emergency equipment on board. If something goes wrong, Major Kira can have a runabout to me within an hour. Like what? Why would the Maquis have any quarrel with an unarmed ship sailing toward the Denorias Belt. They have nothing at stake here. Nothing to prove, or should I say, disprove. Ah. Then I'm glad I was wrong. For a moment there I thought that you had been put in charge of the Cardassian Ministry for the Refutation of Bajoran Fairy Tales. All right. First we have to deploy the mainsails. I want you to take that winch right there. Release brakes. All right. When I give you the word, crank it with all you've got. And now. (Two huge graceful wings unfurl.) Lock it off. All right, let's work on the spritsails. (The same procedure at two winches further aft.) All right. Now get your back into it, eh? That's right. We'll make a sailor out of you yet. (More huge sails catching the solar wind.) These will trim the spritsails. (A couple of big levers.) What? It is beautiful, isn't it. (Later, Sisko is taking bearings through a porthole with his sextant.) Jake-o, trim the starboard sprit about six degrees. That should do it. We'll start to pick up speed as the pressure on the sails builds. We have hammocks we can string up later. Yes. It was designed for a zero-gravity environment. You'll get the hang of it. We'll be tacking against the light most of the way, and then we'll run like this for about ninety minutes or so, then come about and I'll calculate the next leg of our trip. How about something to drink? That's all the ancient Bajorans had. Listen. Exactly. Not even the hum of an engine. It's almost like being on the deck of an old sailing ship, except the stars are not just up in the sky, they're all around us. Imagine how the ancient Bajorans must have felt, heading into space in a ship like this one, not knowing what they were going to find or who they were going to meet. Jake, I know that you really didn't want to come on this trip. I just want to say I'm glad you're here. What is it? Ah. A story. That's why you kept putting this away every time I walked into the room, huh? Well if you'll keep an eye on the rigging, I'll read it right now. I liked it. No, no, no. It's good. I don't think that he'd confront him with it, not right away. Yeah, that'd make it more believable. I think it shows a lot of promise. In a few places you're writing about things you haven't actually experienced. At least, I hope you haven't experienced. Unless you've joined the Maquis without telling me. Jake, I really am impressed. I think you should keep writing. Don't think about it, just do it. Jake, that's terrific. I didn't realise you had applied (looking out the porthole) A mast support gave way. The starboard sprit is fouling one of the mainsails. I don't think so. We're going to have to jettison the sprit. Let's fall off a little, take some pressure off the sails. Lock that down and give me a hand. One more turn. Lock it. Good work. I'm going to jettison the sprit. (A small explosion sends the sail away from the ship.) That's better, but we're still getting a lot of spill off the sails. We won't be able to make much headway with each tack. I don't think we'll be able to get to the Denorias Belt like this. I suppose they did. Seems to me we're here to prove that they didn't. Let's get to work. Lay out the port sprit. Coming about. [O'Brien's quarters] (The bonsai tree is a dead giveaway. Jerusalem is being slaughtered by a pair of drunks.) Lock it. Coming about. Now. Good. Solid job. Let's take a break. String up the hammock. Hammock time. Hop in. Phew. Oh, man. Comfortable, isn't it? We'll make a sailor of you yet. I suppose congratulations are in order. Pennington is a good school, and very competitive. Turning it down? Why? Jake, an opportunity like this doesn't come along every day/ Well, that's fine, but why will things be different in a year? I remember, Jake, I wasn't much older than you when I left for San Francisco to go to Starfleet Academy. For the first few days, I was so homesick that I'd go back to my house in New Orleans every night for dinner. I'd materialise in my living room at six thirty every night and take my seat at the table just like I had come down the stairs. My parents, they never said anything about it. Just 'how you doing, son, how was school today? They knew that I would get over being homesick soon enough. And after about the fifth, sixth day, you could pry me from that campus. Of course now, if you go to Pennington, you won't be able to beam back to the station to have dinner with your old man. After about a week or so, you'll get over it. Me? Oh, I appreciate you thinking about me, Jake, but please don't turn down this opportunity on my account. I'll have plenty of people to keep me company. I can always eat dinner with Dax, or Doctor Bashir, or even Quark. I see. I cannot believe that I'm getting advice about women from my son. You are trying to set me up? I'm not sure, but whatever hit us almost tore off the port mainsail. (The stars start streaking by in a familiar way.) Main power's offline. We're moving at warp. I don't know. (And it stops) That's a good question. (checks the star chart) There's no record of any spatial anomalies in this region. Tachyon eddies. They run all through this area. No, tachyons don't have enough mass to affect a ship of. This isn't an ordinary ship. It has a lot more surface area relative to its mass. And since tachyons travel faster than light, it could be that their impact on the sails somehow accelerated us to warp speeds. We could be light years off course. You check the rigging. I'll try to figure that out. Damn. It's useless. Now we can't figure out where we are or where we're going. Guess we'll have to contact the station, let them know they have to come and get us. Hey, we did pretty well getting as far as we did. The station's not responding. Not as far as I can see. Maybe they haven't received our message yet I suppose it's possible. Sure. [Quark's] (Bashir finally works up his nerve and enters, going straight to Elizabeth's table.) Don't worry, somebody'll find us before that happens. So, tell me about this woman you want me to meet? A freighter captain? All right, I'll agree to meet her on one condition. That you agree not to base your decision about going to Pennington on how our date turns out. Why? It appears we've got company. Looks like we're about to find out. What can I do for you, Dukat? Congratulate me? All the way where? The same thing must've happened to the ancient Bajorans. What an amazing coincidence.
Jake-o. Take your seat. Dinner's almost ready. How did you know that? Paprikash. You know, I always said that you are a smart child. Who? The one you want me to meet? Jake, I think we're getting a little ahead of ourselves here. I know you want me to meet her, and I will. Just let me handle it my way. You never know. [Quark's] I will be available at fourteen hundred hours. Tell him I want to name it the Rubicon. Met who? How did you know about her? I'm considering it. What did you think about her? That's one of the reasons I'm glad you're not Curzon anymore. [Corridor] Gentlemen, is there a problem? Ah. Let me guess. Your lucky dartboard? A little defensive, aren't they? Ah well, it looks like it's a tripartite microsealing mechanism. It's going to take you a long time to get through that one. If you want any suggestions, I'll be in cargo bay Seven. Thought what? How do you two know about her? Exactly how many people has Jake told about this woman? Why don't you just beam it to your cargo hold? The transporter should still be able to handle it, as long as you adjust your phase transition inhibitor. You're still using a mark six? A mark Five? I thought they stopped making those things Benjamin. Yes, I know. My son has told me a lot about you. He means well. He does get a little too enthusiastic now and then. (Crash) I'll give you a hand. Of course. Sorry about Jake. Sounds good. There's no place like New Orleans for simple pleasures. Good food, great music. The best. Can I get you another raktajino? You seem a little preoccupied. I see. That's on the other side of the Federation. I hope nothing's wrong. How'd that happen? Sliding into second? That sounds like baseball. It's my favourite sport. But no one has played it for two hundred years. I had no idea. That's fantastic. How many teams are there? I didn't know anyone else liked baseball, except me and Jake. I'd love to. Tell me, does your brother's league use a designated hitter rule? Wood bats or polyduranide? Do you think your brother could use a right handed pitcher? (On the upper level, Jake watches them head off. He's a happy boy.) [Ishka's house] (Ishka is playing the naked dumb female, with strategically placed props for our benefit.)
Got you this time, Chief. (But O'Brien's third dart is a bulls-eye!) Don't apologise. That just makes it worse. In the zone? Not today. Go ahead. On my way. Fortunately, duty calls. You'll have to find yourself another victim. (Sisko leaves as Bashir enters) Doctor. He's back there, in the zone. [Kira's quarters] (Kira is performing her devotions in front of a shrine) I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt. This may come as somewhat of a shock, but I wanted you to hear it from me. The First Minister of the Provisional government has died. Heart failure. He died in his sleep. They have already appointed someone. The new head of the Provisional government is Kai Winn. [Wardroom] Frankly, I'm surprised you wanted my advice. What kind of help? And? I guess now you know how the Cardassians must have felt. You mean declaring martial law and suspending local government in the hill provinces? From what I understand, Shakaar is gaining support all over Bajor. I haven't spoken with Major Kira in quite some time. Then I advise withdrawing your troops from Dahkur. And what might that be? You want me to bring in Shakaar for you. I wasn't aware that our relationship needed solidifying. I'm sorry, but I'm afraid Federation law prevents me from interfering in Bajoran internal affairs. I suppose I am. That would be an unfortunate overreaction on your part. If I may say so, your entire response to this crisis has been an overreaction. By using the militia against your own people, you're risking civil war over a couple of soil reclamators. Have any other candidates entered the election? What about the Kai? It's good to have you back, Major. I'll see you in Ops. (Sisko leaves. Kira goes to Bareil's memorial lamp and blows it out.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
But it's best to you relax and let the host's memories emerge. The point is to give Jadzia the chance to interact with her previous hosts. Curzon spoke very fondly of his zhian'tara. He said it was one of the most powerful experiences of his life. We've already discussed taking certain precautions during the transfer. Correct me if I'm wrong, but did Quark just agree to embody one of your female hosts? You could've made the time. I'm ready. Don't worry, Odo. Joran isn't going to be able to hurt anyone from inside a holding cell. I think that's enough of Joran for now. (Dax lowers the forcefield.) It's all right, old man, it's me. Thanks. For not breaking any bones. [Quark's] (Rom keeps looking up at the holosuites.) I heard what he told you. Jadzia, did you put off having your zhian'tara because you were afraid you wouldn't measure up to the other hosts? Now that it's almost over, I hope you realise you were wrong. I don't understand how you could say that. You were chosen for joining because you deserved it, just as much as any of the others. You tell me. Why not? That's exactly what you did. I find that hard to believe. But if that's what you're afraid of, why don't you ask him when you see him? I'm going to my office for a while. (The door opens.) Curzon? Of course, of course. So where's Jadzia? You sound like Odo. I don't understand. I thought you were Curzon. Yeah? Not you, too. Why don't we go join Jadzia in Quark's and let Jake finish his homework? Curzon, remember? [Quark's] It's going to take Quark a little while to get over that. (Dax enters) Well, if you two don't mind, I think I'll be pushing off I need to finish evaluating Nog's test results. He's waiting to hear how he did. Thanks for stopping by, old man. It was good to see you. (Sisko leaves) What'll happen to Jadzia if we can't persuade him? Do you want me to talk to Curzon? I know him better than anyone. I might be able to get him to cooperate. What do you mean? I'd like to speak to Jadzia alone for a moment. (The Guardian leaves.) Do you really want to leave things as they are? Or are you just trying to avoid a confrontation with Curzon? You once told me that Curzon intimidated you when you were an Initiate. Let me tell you something about Curzon. He was my friend, he was my confidant. In a way, he was my teacher as well. But he was also be manipulative, selfish and arrogant. Most people let him get away with it because he was so charming. Sometimes I let him get away with it too. But from time to time he'd push me too far and I'd have to stand up to him, tell him he'd crossed the line. Sometimes he'd just laugh and admit it, sometimes he'd get furious. But either way he'd back off, because he knew he was wrong. And he is wrong now. He's being selfish and he's manipulated you to get you to go along with what he wants. Now, are you can confront him or let him get away with it? It's up to you. [Corridor] (Rom grabs Quark.) Congratulations, Nog. I'm afraid you jumped the gun putting on that uniform. Hopefully, you'll get to put on the real one next year.
No. It just means I'm never wrong. That means a lot to me, Dax. Thank you, Constable. I guess a sip wouldn't hurt. Well. That's enough. Thank you for coming, Ambassador. I had that feeling. What can I do for you? I doubt anyone is going to miss the Autarch. You want to show the flag. I don't think you'll be disappointed. She's a fine ship. Of course. I want a complete overhaul of the deflector shield generators and targeting sensors. Oh, yes, take on a full complement of photon torpedoes. I don't doubt it, Chief. (Sisko leaves. O'Brien starts his work then hears a noise.) Told who? Yeah. I barely had time to send my father a transmission. In fact, I don't even know where Kasidy is. I'd rather tell her in person. About a month. I wouldn't call it a relationship, Dax. I've only taken her out once. Okay, twice. She's quite an interesting woman. She's very independent, a little opinionated, but she has a nice sense of humour. And? What do you want me to tell you, Dax? Fine. You tell them when she gets back, I'm going to taking her to the holosuite and we're going to watch the seventh game of the nineteen sixty four World Series. Ambassador. All stations report. Seal the airlock. Release docking clamps. Engage thrusters. Lay in a course for the Tzenkethi border, warp eight. Engage. [Jefferies tube] (O'Brien is working when he hears a thud.) Yes, Commander. It's about Ambassador Krajensky. Please. (they sit) I know Starfleet doesn't intend for this to be a combat mission, but just in case the Tzenkethi have other ideas, I want to make sure the Ambassador is kept out of harm's way. He won't like it. Very good, Commander. That'll be all. I appreciate the sentiment, Commander, but it doesn't really change anything. I have the assignment I want, I have the crew that I want. The rank doesn't make much difference. You could always transfer from Security to Command. Dismissed, Mister Eddington. Put it through. Constable? Try to re-establish. Lieutenant, set a course for Barisa Prime, maximum warp. I want continual scans for Tzenkethi ships. Constable, contact Starfleet Command. Let them know what happened. Major, what other starships are in this sector? That puts them twenty hours away at maximum warp. Lieutenant, transmit a message to Captain Entebe on the Ulysses. Tell her I need that system back online, Chief. Major, take the helm. You say these things are all over the ship? Is there any way to get past the forcefields? Well I guess the question is, how did they get aboard? Or should I say, who placed them here? Which means someone aboard this ship is a saboteur. Chief? It doesn't sound like you're too sure about that. Who? Which is right next to the communications relay. No one's accusing anyone of anything. But I want to talk to Julian. This crew has been through a lot together. In fact I would trust any one of you with my life. But after looking at the evidence, there's only one conclusion I can draw. Someone on this ship is guilty of sabotage. That won't be necessary. Lieutenant. Starting with the senior staff. We might as well get started. (Dax scans Sisko.) I'm glad to hear it. We've cloaked. Lieutenant, bring us out of warp. Full stop. Now. Constable, Commander, deploy security teams immediately. I want that changeling found before he can do any more damage. Is there any way he could've been transported off the ship? It looks like the Dominion is hoping to start a war between the Federation and the Tzenkethi. Not necessarily. The transmission we received from Barisa Prime could've been faked using that device we found implanted in the communications relay. In fact, our entire mission could have been engineered by the Dominion. Think about it. We've been all over this ship, and we have not seen a trace of the real Ambassador Krajensky nor his remains. And now here we are, cloaked, armed for battle, and headed into Tzenkethi space. If we can't stop this ship before we cross the border, we may wind up causing a war rather of preventing one. Then we have to narrow his options. Confine all nonessential personnel to their quarters and seal them in with forcefields. Doctor, I want you to review those tricorder readings. See if you can find anything that will help us find the changeling. And take some security with you. From here on, no one is to be left alone. (Bashir and Odo leave.) We have seven hours before we enter Tzenkethi space. I want that changeling found before then. Is there any way to speed up the process? Then Chief O'Brien is going to have to regain control of the ship without her. One thing's for sure, we're not going to start a war with the Tzenkethi. If O'Brien can't regain control before we cross the border I'll have no choice but to destroy the Defiant. (Later, the crew are assembled, including a Bolian.) Our objective is simple. Find the changeling and stop him before he can do any more damage. We'll break into two-person teams. Each team will be armed with phaser rifles. The changeling could be hiding anywhere. He could look like anything. So we're going to have to systematically sweep the ship with phaser fire. Every conduit, every corridor. If he's out there, we'll find him. Any questions? That's why everyone will be in teams. Keep your partner in sight at all times. Escort them to the brig. We don't want to take any chances. Let's go. [Corridor] (Phaser pulses are sent down a Jefferies tube.) Watch my back. (They climb down to a junction.) Over there. On three. One, two (Security gets taken out by a tentacle and Sisko is knocked down as it escapes.) This is Sisko. The changeling is in Jefferies tube seven A heading to the lower deck. I'm in pursuit. [Corridor] (The teams are converging. Sisko comes out of the tube and a phaser shot just misses his shoulder.) Both of you put your weapons down now. How long have the two of you been apart? Then we've got a problem. Any of us could be the changeling. You, Kira, Eddington, even me. What do you mean? I cut my hand when the changeling attacked me. Sisko to Bashir. Doctor, meet us in the mess hall immediately. [Mess hall] So far. Sisko here. Any sign of Tzenkethi ships? How long before we're in weapons range of the settlement? Computer, this is Captain Benjamin Sisko. Initiate auto-destruct sequence. Authorisation Sisko alpha one alpha. Set the countdown for ten minutes from my mark. Authorisation Sisko one five destruct. Mark. (Red alert comes on.) Sisko to O'Brien. I could use some good news right now, Chief. That'd be my suggestion. Sisko out. You've done all you can, Doctor. Now it's up to Chief O'Brien. [Engine room] (O'Brien and an engineer are working on consoles.) Go ahead, Chief. Hard aport, Major. Take us away from the settlement. Computer, end auto-destruct sequence. Authorisation Sisko omega one seven abort. Take us home, Major. Captain's log, supplemental. We've returned to the station without further incident. However, I'm concerned about my Chief of Security, who hasn't said a word since we left Tzenkethi space. [Wardroom] The real Ambassador Krajensky was supposed to be on his way to Risa for an extended vacation, but he never arrived. It never happened. Starfleet Command wants a detailed report from each of us. (Odo enters.) Go on.
Chief, our ETA is in five minutes. Are the new systems online? I think we're going to need them. No time like the present. Not before those starships get here. Now, what do I tell them? To stand down or to come in firing?
Of course. (Odo leaves.) I know Odo may do things a little differently than you're used to, but he really is very good at his job. How many years were you in security, Commander? Must be a hard habit to break. And I do encourage vigilance in my officers. But remember, Odo is chief of security on this station, and you're the strategic operations officer. Your primary duty is to coordinate all Starfleet activity in this sector, not to catch smugglers. Very well. Dismissed. [Caves] (Bashir and O'Brien are in one of those cylindrical forcefields) Now he's looking for his next victory. We'll save that particular debate for another time. I want a complete briefing every day about the Klingon situation. Dismissed. (Kira, Sisko and Dax leave.) Come in. Yes, I heard about what happened. Please, sit. Word gets around in a place like this. It's one of the things you have to get used to. Starfleet officers often have trouble learning the unofficial rules of the station. There's no manual to study. You have to learn things as you go. A little different than life on a starship. Let's just say DS Nine has more shades of grey. And Quark definitely is a shade of grey. He has his own set of rules and he follows them diligently. Once you understand them, you understand Quark. I'd say that's true for everyone here. You'll fit in, Commander. Just give it time. [Runabout Rubicon] (WHOOSH! Back through the wormhole)
Jake-o, let's go. Jake, this only happens once every fifty years. You will never forgive yourself if you miss it. That's what you said ten minutes ago. I thought you were going to put that aside for a while. Well, I'm no writer, but if I were, it seems to me I'd want to poke my head up once in a while and take a look around, see what's going on. It's life, Jake. You can miss it if you don't open your eyes. Now, what do you say you come up to the bridge with me and we'll watch the wormhole do its thing, and then I'll read what you've got and we'll talk about it. Deal? Sisko to Bridge. [Bridge] Sisko to Engineering. Engineering, report. Dax, I'm going to find out what's happening down there. Stay here, Jake. Sisko to Sickbay, I need a medical team down here right away. I'm on it. (spots his son) Jake, I need an interphasic compensator. Dax, better stand by to eject the core. Jake, where's that compensator? I'm going to try shunting the excess power out through the deflector array. Just a little more. There. (Sisko takes the compensator off and hands it to Jake. As they are both holding it, a shock knocks Jake down, energy wraps around Sisko and he disappears.) Jake? What happened? (Sisko disappears again) [House] I was in Engineering on the Defiant. It feels like a few minutes ago. A year? How could that be? Jake, they'll have me fixed up in no time. How are you doing? (Jake nearly bursts into tears.) It's all right. Everything's going to be all right. What was? It's not your fault, Jake. I'm here now. That's what matters. (Sisko fades out and back.) Look at me. I need to know you're going to be all right. Jake. Jake? (After the break) Your wife? The pleasure is mine. How long have you two been married? Do I have any grandchildren? That must've been something. Whoa. They'll get here as soon as they can. Talk to me. I've missed so much. Let's not waste what little time we have. You did it. I always knew you would. (Jake is crying.) Oh, Jake. (Korena leaves them alone.) What for? No one could be expected to hold out hope for this long. And I'm proud of what you've accomplished. Of course it matters. You have a wife, a career. And don't think because I'm not around much that I don't want grandchildren. (Blue flicker and fast forward) Jake. How long has it been? I don't know Look at you. You're older than I am. Jake, they're doing the best they can. There's nothing we can do from here. It's been so long. I need to know what I've missed. What about those grandchildren we talked about? I'm sorry. What about your writing? Jake, what's happened to you? Jake, it's over. It's not going to work. Let go, Jake. If not for yourself, then for me. You still have time to make a better life for yourself. Promise me you'll do that. Promise me! [Engine room] (And Jake comes back alone, crying. Dax goes to comfort him.) [House] (The sun is out, the rain has stopped and the birds are singing.) Jake. I'm glad to see you're still in this house. You seemed happy here. And this. I can't tell you how good it makes me feel you got back to writing. (Jake wheezes.) Jake, what is it? To my father, who's coming home. Thank you, but I don't understand. Jake, what are you saying? (Jake looks over at the desk. Sisko goes and picks up the hypo.) Jake! No! Jake, you could still have so many years left. Jake, you didn't have to do this. Not for me. Jake. My sweet boy. [Engine room] (Sisko is about to take the tool out of the device. Instead, he dives to the side taking Jake with him. The discharge hits the wall.) You okay? I guess we were just lucky this time. I am now, Jake. I am now. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I'm afraid not. I'd like you to postpone your trip for at least for a day or two. Somehow the Cardassian government got wind of your plan to search for the Ravinok. They've asked permission to send someone with you. I said I'd talk to you about it. The Ravinok was a Cardassian ship. The request came directly from the leader of the new civilian government. Nerys, I know this isn't what you had in mind, but Bajor and Cardassia must to learn to work together and that means cooperating on missions like these. I'll be sure they get the message. [Corridor] I just wish she wasn't leaving tomorrow. I don't know about that. I don't think Kasidy is looking to get serious. Kasidy. That's good news. I mean, that's great. How long are you going to be here? You're going to work for the Bajorans? Yeah. Permission granted. So what did you tell them? Congratulations. Oh. (kisses her) I think it's great. We'll see a lot more of each other. That's a big step. I just meant it's a big step. A good one. I am enthusiastic. I'm proud of you. This job Oh, I don't think you took it the way I meant it. Who said anything about commitment? Phew. (Sisko starts tucking into his food, but Kasidy thinks about pouring the wine then puts the bottle down and leaves.) [Runabout] (In the badlands, having rendezvoused with another ship) That's all. Positive. I don't think so. I don't recall asking your opinion, Quark. I appreciate all the advice. I'll let you know how it turns out. (Sisko leaves) Good morning, Jake-o. So, what's new? She told you? Did she say why? Look, Jake, sometimes things between men and women can get a little complicated. What do I have to be afraid of? You figured out all this by yourself? You talked to Nog about my relationship with Kasidy? Have you told any of this to Kasidy? I see. Kasidy Yates. About that job with the Bajoran Commerce Ministry. I know someone who would be perfect for it. You. I think you should take the job. I want you to take the job. How'd you know? I owe you an apology. You came to tell me all this wonderful news, and all I could say was, it's a big step. I don't know what I was thinking. I wanted to tell you how happy I was for you, for us. But it didn't come out that way. I was uncomfortable, and a little nervous. All right, a lot nervous. I haven't been in a serious relationship for a long time, and I didn't expect to be in one anytime soon. Until I met you. This life I lead, the job I do, that's what got Jennifer killed. If anything ever happened to you That's what Jake said. Bajor? I thought I'll be here. [Promenade - upper level]
Have a seat. A Trill science team is coming to the station to conduct field tests on experimental techniques for creating artificial wormholes. It's an important project and I've agreed to let them use the Defiant for their experiments. But I thought you would want to know that the leader of the science team is Doctor Lenara Kahn. That's right. Look, you've got about three months of leave accumulated. Why don't you take some of it? We can afford to do without you for a while. We'll never notice you're gone. You're sure? Okay. Any time, old man. [Airlock] (Dax is already there when Kira and Worf arrive. The airlock opens and a man steps out) I had a feeling you weren't going to be ready. Curzon was never on time in his life. He was even late for his hundredth birthday party. Do you know how long it took me to plan that party? You still have time to back out of the reception, you know. I'm serious. So, in the spirit of friendship, we welcome you to Deep Space Nine and wish you success in the creation of the galaxy's first artificial wormhole. What do you want to do? Not really. No. Because I remember what Curzon used to say about reassociation. That it didn't matter whether he agreed with the taboo or not, because the price for violating it was too high. Exile. And you're not Torias either. You're Jadzia Dax and you have a responsibility as a joined Trill to never You came here for advice from a friend, and that's exactly what you're getting. I know this is difficult for you. I know how you feel about Lenara. But I want you to think about what will happen if you pursue this. If you're exiled from Trill, there will be no further hosts for your symbiont. When Jadzia dies, Dax dies. That goes against everything you were taught during your initiate training. You've told me again and again that each host is only a link in a chain and that the life of the symbiont, no matter what happens, must go on. I know you do. If I were in your position I'd probably be just as ready to throw everything away for the person I love. But I would also want to be sure that I was ready to pay the price. But if you're sure, if this is what you really want, I will back you all the way.
What sort of taxes and fees are you referring to? What? No. I think you've made your point. (And Quark gets a very stern Look.) [Bridge] I'm not about to turn you over to them. Open a channel. This is Captain Benjamin Sisko of the USS Defiant. Stand down or we'll be forced to (Bang!) Return fire. Tell your people to hold position. We can't protect them if they run. Move to intercept. (The Karemma ship dives for the planet) They're not going to die, Minister. Not if I can help it. Sisko to O'Brien. [Engine room] I know she wasn't built for it, but I think the ship can handle it. Take us in. Head into it. Hold this altitude. Any sign of the Karemma or the Jem'Hadar? Let's do it. Mister Hanok, I think it'd be best if you returned to the mess hall. Mister Worf? What's the status of our weapons systems? What about phasers? But won't these pulses give away our position as well? Ahead at one quarter impulse. Try again, Major. Close to ten kilometres. Major? Return fire! Are they going after the Karemma? Try using thrusters to stabilise. Sisko to Engine room. [Engine room] The Jem'Hadar aren't going to let us tractor the Karemma out of here without a fight. One thing at a time, Major. Sisko to O'Brien. [Engine room] Could they be rigged with warheads from [Engine room] How long? You've got ten. [Engine room] (O'Brien's assistant is nervous at the creaking sounds.) How many people are down there? We've got to get them out of there. Hold much longer. We've got to evacuate [Corridor] Dax, are you finished? [Jefferies tube] Thirty seconds we're going to have to seal that deck. [Corridor] (Bashir frees a crewman from the turbolift) Doctor, close that bulkhead. Now, Doctor. That's an order. [Corridor] (Muniz makes it to safety.) Helm, take us to a higher altitude. Very good, Chief. All right, Major. Now that we've got something to defend ourselves with, let's start looking for the Karemma. [Mess hall] Just one? Helm, come about to course zero seven five mark four. Let's fall in behind them. I don't know, but let's make it harder for them. Shut down all non-essential systems. It'll minimise our power signature. (In other words, rig the submarine for silent running.) All stop. Programme the probe to home in on the first metallic signature it finds. Something tells me they may be closer than you think. Fire. (The probe streaks away but the Jem'Hadar come up behind the Defiant. BOOM! Bridge crew are thrown about and knocked out. Bits of scaffolding fall down. The probe acquires its target. KaBOOM!) [Engine room] (painful whisper) We talk about work. Nerys? Tell me a story. No. Major? What happened? No, no. What happened to the three brothers? It's good. Major? Tell me another story. Good. Major, it occurred to me that we might consider going to a four shift rotation. I think the crew might appreciate more flexibility in their schedules. Major, what are you doing for the next few hours? Would you like to go to a baseball game? Good. Meet me at holosuite three in half an hour. Nerys. Sisko tosses her a baseball cap with a G on it. He puts on the Pike City Pioneers cap.) You'll need one of those. You can get the hot dogs from Quark. He'll know. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
You two'd better hurry or there won't be anything left to buy. Only thing that worries me, no one warned Earth that they're coming. [Ferengi shuttle]
The Gamma Quadrant. Hur'q? That's the Klingon word for outsiders, isn't it? And if two Starfleet officers were involved in recovering the Sword, that might go a long way toward patching things up between the Klingons and us. What about you, old man? You want to go along for the adventure? I suppose you'll want a runabout? Try to bring it back in one piece.
Orinoco to Deep Space Nine. This is Captain Sisko requesting landing clearance. Informative, but I've got a ship full of tired officers here. I think we'll all be happy to be in our own beds tonight. Looks like a fluctuation in the plasma coils. We'd better take the warp core offline. Eject the warp core. Acknowledged. Cut main power. [Ops] Welcome to Paradise, Mister Merriweather. I believe you've been looking for me. My name is Hippocrates Noah. (After the break, handing round cigars - Kira takes one) Mister Merriweather, I understand your field is geology. Then I'm sure you can appreciate these stones in my most recent acquisition. (The vase on the table.) Twenty five actually. My guests and I place a premium on our privacy. We don't want any unwelcomed guests, such as men sent by governments who disagree with my political philosophy. Quite the opposite. I believe in an orderly world. A far cry from the chaos we find ourselves in today. We are building a new future here. A new beginning for mankind. A new chapter in human history will open right here on my island. Forgive me. Sometimes I do get ahead of myself. Allow me to explain. (Sisko pushes a button and the oak-panelled wall raises to reveal a control centre with an illuminated world map on the wall.) I do have every confidence in you, my dear. You see, Mister Merriweather, I intend not only to create a new future, I intend to create a new world. At each one of these points, I have hidden a new form of laser. One that can penetrate the Earth's crust down into the mantle itself. Those were only tests. Soon I will activate all of these lasers together, and when I do, they will produce worldwide earthquakes the likes of which we have never been felt before. More than that. There comes a time when a house has been so damaged by termites that you must not only kill the termites but demolish the house and build again. The quakes are only a minor side effect. The real goal of this project is to have these lasers of mine produce massive fissures in the Earth's crust, releasing millions of tons of molten lava. Now, Mister Merriweather, you're the geologist. Tell me what happens next. And the surface of the planet will shrink, just like letting air out of a balloon. Visionary. I am going to let mankind begin anew, here on this island paradise, the only place that will remain above water on my brave new world. And that is why I have gathered the finest minds, the very best that mankind has to offer. We will repopulate and start a new human race. Pity you won't be able to join us. I intend to do more than that, Mister Bashir. Not only have I brought the greatest minds to my mountain retreat, but I have also hired the greatest protection that money can buy. I believe you already know my newest employee. (It's O'Brien as Falcon of course.) [Defiant transporter room] (There are cables running into here.) This is one of a seventy four lasers I've deployed around the world. When I throw that switch, it'll begin a five minute countdown that even I can't stop. Once the laser fires, the whole cave will be filled with molten lava. She's a spirited individual. Young, healthy. We'll need women like her to help propagate the second human race. Try to stay cool, Mister Bashir. This is your doing. You let them go. Thank you, Mister Duchamps. (Sisko retrieves his gun.) What is it you understand, Mister Bashir? That you should've killed me when you had the chance? I agree. But then again, I suppose it wouldn't be very heroic. I, on the other hand, have no pretensions about the idea of being a hero. (Sisko levels his gun at Bashir.) About what? Ha! (Sisko goes to press the big red button, then hesitates.) You expect me to believe that? You are Julian Bashir. A man who has spent his entire life dedicated to fighting against No. You make a very interesting argument, Mister Bashir. But I'm afraid I've been looking forward to killing you for a long time. If you think that by going over there you are going to destroy my control console, you're wasting your time. Yes. But somehow, I didn't expect to win. I suppose the only thing left to do now is to kill you. (Sisko, O'Brien, Worf, Dax and Kira are beamed out) [Defiant transporter room] (Sisko, O'Brien, Worf, Dax and Kira are beamed in) What happened, Commander?
Still no idea what's causing it? If it is, they didn't tell me. There must to be a scientific explanation for this. (Odo steps through the Promenade airlock.) Something funny, old man? Sisko here. On my way. [Quark's] Twenty seven, including the Tholian observer. Federation President Jaresh-Inyo has declared a planet-wide day of mourning. (Odo enters) Constable, take a seat. A crime like this hasn't been committed on Earth in over a hundred years. I was hoping that this would never happen. But it finally has. The changelings have reached Earth. [Odo's quarters] (Dax is arranging Odo's sculptural furniture under his supervision.) So, how is Judith? She still helping out in the restaurant? Just like mom. Dad, you know that this isn't exactly a vacation. I'll be spending most of my time in San Francisco at Starfleet Headquarters. You won't get any argument from me. So, Dad, you feeling okay? It's just a question. You look a little tired. How's the new aorta holding up? But you're feeling okay? I know that, Dad. We'll be there before you know it. (Transmission ends. Jake enters, wearing a baseball mitt.) Jake-o. You just missed Grandpa Joe. I didn't quite get around to it. Is that so bad? Jake, you're not a child anymore. Grandpa will not expect you to chop vegetables. He'll want you to wait tables. [Quark's] (Bashir and O'Brien come down from the holosuites as WW2 RAF pilots) Admiral Leyton. Good to see you again, sir. I did all right. Admiral Leyton is the one who recommended me for the job on Deep Space Nine. What exactly do you want us to do? Admiral, I doubt you brought us all this way just for a debriefing. You should listen to him. The man knows his bread pudding. Dad. With things the way they are, Odo thought it would be better if he stayed at Starfleet Headquarters. Well, aren't you going to eat anything? You've lost weight. Gumbo's as good as I remember. It is serious, Dad. You look good, Cadet. I didn't know you liked Creole food. I think you're right. (Sisko and Joseph leave) Thank you, sir. They've proven very effective on Deep Space Nine. But if he is here, we have a problem. There's no telling how much damage one changeling could do. Do I? (Sisko's briefcase morphs into Odo) Allow me to introduce Odo, my Chief of Security. If Odo was a Dominion infiltrator, he could have killed you. Mister President, all we want is your permission to increase security at Federation and Starfleet installations here on Earth. Blood tests will be limited to high-ranking Federation officials, Starfleet officers and their families. The average citizen won't even notice the difference. I wish these security measures were not necessary, but the safety of Earth and the entire Federation depends on them. Thank you, sir. We're not looking to destroy paradise, Mister President. We're looking to save it. [Sisko's SF office] Activate the phaser. (A device above the door sweeps the room for several seconds. Eventually the swiss cheese plant surrenders.) That's enough. How do you feel? What was the setting? Three point five it is. I want these units installed in every room at Starfleet and Federation Headquarters, then start working on the orbital stations. Thank me? For what? We were just about finished. Jake says you're having difficulty in school. He tells me everything. Nog, you and I both knew that it was going to take a while for you to adjust to the Academy and for the Academy to adjust to you. You're just going to have to stick with it. Good. Red Squad? I don't know what to think. I've never heard of it. A group of elite cadets? They never had anything like that when I was at the Academy. And you want me to put your name in for consideration? I'm kind of busy right now, Nog. But if I get the chance, I'll see what I can do. I can see that. Dismissed, Cadet. Sorry. I haven't been around much lately. Things have gotten a little busy. I'm afraid I can't. You know, Dad, you could come and visit us at the station once in a while. Nathan will be running things around here sooner than you think if you don't take better care of yourself. I had a talk with your doctor and he tells me that you haven't been in to see him for eight months. Maybe not, but he can tell the difference between a healthy body and one with progressive atherosclerosis. He says that if you don't come in for vascular regeneration therapy, that this restaurant will be looking for a new owner. I've got about an hour. I can't think of anything I'd rather do. You're the only changeling who's ever harmed one of his own people. I'm sure that hasn't made you many friends. We're doing everything the President will let us do. And you think the President isn't willing to fight? Sisko here. Put him through. What's wrong? What's going on here? I should. I signed the orders myself. Dad, it has to be done. Now me. Do it anyway. (He's okay too.) it's your turn. Dad! Jake, get them a menu. I would recommend the shrimp Creole. Look, Dad Listen to me. You have got to take the test. Yeah, you're probably right. But this isn't about you. We've got civilian families living on starships and Starfleet installations all over the Federation. The only way we can secure those facilities is to test everyone there, whether they wear a uniform or not. Dad, if we're going to test the family members of one Starfleet officer, we must to test them all. Damn it, Dad. Can't you cooperate just one time? You don't take your medication, you don't go to the doctor, you won't let Judith help you in the restaurant. Just one time, please do what you're asked. Come on, Dad. Don't be this way. If I have to, I will get a warrant I don't know. I wasn't sure. The EMT's said he'd be okay and they were right. It turns out it was just a mild stroke brought on by his atherosclerosis. He is very upset. He knows as well as I do that if my father doesn't take better care of himself I can't argue with that. But what bothers me is that for a few minutes there, I really believed that my own father was a changeling. I don't care if it's reasonable or not. But when a son can't trust his own father? But what if my father's right? What if all our precautions turn out to be useless? I hope you don't take this the wrong way, Constable, but there are times I wish you'd never found your people. I'm fine. Admiral, what's going on? How could that happen? The changelings. In other words, Earth is defenceless. We contacted the Lakota and used their transporters. Mister President, as acting head of Earth Security, I must advise you to declare a State of Emergency. I am aware of that, but I have reason to believe that a Dominion warfleet may be in the Alpha Quadrant headed for Earth. Just before we left Deep Space Nine, the wormhole was exhibiting some unusual behaviour, opening and closing for no apparent reason. Which is why it is imperative that you declare a State of Emergency. Sir, the thought of filling the streets with armed troops is as disturbing to me as it is to you, but not as disturbing as the thought of a Jem'Hadar army landing on Earth without opposition. The Jem'Hadar are the most brutal and efficient soldiers I've ever encountered. They don't care about the conventions of war or protecting civilians. They will not limit themselves to military targets. They'll be waging the kind of war that Earth hasn't seen since the founding of the Federation. Give us the authority we need, Mister President, and we will take care of the rest. (There's a long pause, then Jaresh-Inyo taps his PADD - 4567 security codes.)
Dad, you know that this isn't exactly a vacation. I'll be spending most of my time in San Francisco at Starfleet Headquarters. If Odo was a Dominion infiltrator, he could have killed you. I don't know. I wasn't sure. We're doing everything the President will let us do. In other words, Earth is defenceless. I don't like this. The more I read Starfleet's reports on the sabotage of the power relays, the more unanswered questions I have. How were the changelings able to infiltrate the Division of Planetary operations? Where did they get the codes for the Division's computer control network? And how did they even manage to disable every power relay on Earth at the same time? They're an elite team of Starfleet cadets. According to Nog, every student at the Academy wants to be a part of it. Explains what? That's strange. During the blackout, Starfleet mobilised hundreds of units. Why would they demobilise Red Squad? If that's true, how do you explain this? (Sisko calls up a file on his wall monitor. It reads as follows - From Commander, Starfleet to OIC Training Squadron 47, stardate 49334.53. Trans code 4747-23 routing Paris/satcom 5/Luna 6017/San Francisco. Message begins. Effective immediately. All members of CTS-47 designation Red Squad are hereby assigned to field duty patrolling Sol sector, Terra 1. Mission specific orders will be transmitted once all squadron personnel are on station. Message ends.) Three hours later Starfleet Command issued an order assigning the entire Corps of Cadets to field duty. So the question is, why would they demobilise Red Squad only to mobilise them again three hours later? [Sisko's restaurant] (Joseph and Jake return with bags of shopping.) I need to talk to you about Red Squad. Are you aware that there's a transporter record of Red Squad being returned to the Academy not long after the power outage? That's right. It is at my end. Absolutely. He hasn't mentioned it to me. I'll take care of it immediately. So am I. I'd hate to see the members of Red Squad get into any trouble. You seem pretty jovial today. It's just, well, you didn't seem too happy about being tested a few days ago. I know, but you have to admit you were pretty adamant about it. It's not you, Dad. I'm not sure. Maybe I'm just being paranoid. (Nog enters) Yes, I do. It's about Red Squad. Not just yet. Why is that? You seem to know them pretty well. Is that so? I'd like to meet some of these cadets. You think you could introduce me to one of them? But you know who they are. Cadet, you are obviously under the mistaken impression that I'm asking a favour. I want a name, and I want it now. And that is an order. Understood, Mister Nog? Riley Aldrin Shepard, Starfleet Service number C nine five three oh four six nine nine four two seven. A third year student at Starfleet Academy with a specialty in tactical operations. (Named for Buzz Aldrin, James Reilly and Alan Shepard, at a guess.) Cadet, I have been reviewing a record of Red Squad activities on the night of the twenty third. The night of the power outage. Are you contradicting me, Cadet? Good. Now who told you there wasn't to be a written record? I want that officer's name. Maybe if you'd done your job better, it would have. But you fouled it up, didn't you? You cadets did some sloppy work. Some damn sloppy work. Now son, if you think by lying to me you're going to save your own hide, you'd better forget it. Mistakes were made, and I will find out who's responsible. Is that so? All right, Cadet. Let's go over this step by step, from the time of your mission deployment until your return to base at nineteen hundred forty seven hours PST on the twenty third. I assume by we you mean Red Squad? At what time? Go on, Cadet. And from there the protocols spread to every power relay on the planet. Sorry I missed it. He admitted to committing acts of treason against the Federation. If he was going to lie, I think he would have made up a better story. I tested him myself. He's human. I thought about that. But if it were changelings, what have they accomplished? There's been no invasion and power's been restored. That is the bottom line, isn't it? What am I going to do? These aren't evil people, Odo. These are people I've worked with. They're my friends, people I respect. How can I turn against them? Sir, if you'll hear us out. When the Antwerp Conference was bombed, Leyton became convinced that the changelings posed a greater threat to Earth than you were prepared to admit. To some of his proposals. More than that, they were determined to prove to you and to everyone else how vulnerable Earth was to a Dominion takeover. So they sabotaged the global power grid. I know exactly how you feel, but it's the truth. I'm sure the Admiral doesn't see it as treason. He would probably defend it as a desperate act of patriotism. He and his supporters think that their actions are both necessary and justified. You want proof? Order Admiral Leyton to withdraw his troops from the streets. See what he does. If he orders his troops to stand down, then I'm wrong and I'll offer my resignation. But I don't think that's going to happen. With those troops in place, Admiral Leyton controls Earth. And he's not going to give up that control until he's convinced that he has ended the Dominion threat. What if we bring you the proof? Hard evidence linking Leyton to the sabotage of the power grid? Where's Cadet Shepherd? Help yourself. Maybe you need a vacation. The way I see it, you owe a lot of people an apology. Then why did you bring me here? My duty is to protect the Federation. What you're trying to do is to seize control of Earth and place it under military rule. So you're willing to destroy paradise in order to save it. And I said it was an unnecessary risk. That's right, I did. That a good officer must respect the chain of command. There comes a time when you must to accept the orders of a superior officer, and carry out those orders whether you agree with them or not. And you were right. About going after the Tzenkethi, and about me. And I cannot do that! Not this time. Chief, how'd you get here? There's no way the Defiant could get here so soon. You're not O'Brien. If you have something to say to me, say it. I don't think so. I'm not going to play any guessing games with you. How do I know you're telling me the truth? Are you finished? What look? Oh, that look. I wish I could. Neffie Beumont? What a crush I had on her. There comes a time in every man's life when he must stop thinking and start doing. And she turned me down. And dated her for three years. I guess what you're telling me is that I must stop brooding and make a decision. Thank you, Dad. Zoey Phillips. (Later, Sisko is talking to DS9) We have things we need to discuss that I don't want anyone else to hear. What's your status? What about the wormhole? Listen closely. There's something I need for you to do. [Sisko's SF office] I never knew it was so easy to break into classified Starfleet files. Looks like Leyton's been a busy man. He's personally reassigned over four hundred officers in the past three weeks. A lot of them. Daneeka, McWatt, Snowden, Orr, Moodus. All of them were officers on the Okinawa when I was Leyton's XO. As far as I can tell, every officer on this list served under Leyton at one time or another. Or commanding ships somewhere in this sector. It says here he's ordered another set of transfers. Take a look at these dates. The day before the President's speech. Maybe Admiral Leyton doesn't intend for the President to make his speech. I'd better get a copy of this. (Sisko downloads the files to his PADD) Odo, if Admiral Leyton is planning some kind of takeover on the fourteenth, I want to make sure that Jake and my father are safe. Come in. Just cleaning out some of my files. I'll see you later, Constable. I hear congratulations are in order. Your promotion. Captain of the Lakota. I guess that'll make the fourteenth a special day. Who knows? I might be able to fit it in. He did, but I've got some leave coming and I've decided to take it. After all, I don't get much time to spend on Earth, and it is so pleasant here. With a Starfleet officer on every corner, paradise has never seemed so well-armed. Admiral. I didn't expect to see you here. Are you going to tell me how you faked the blood test? I suppose not. Let me out. Maybe life'll look a little better. So what are you going to do? Keep me here forever? Let me guess. After the President's speech. I assume you'll be explaining to the public why it's necessary for Starfleet to seize control of Earth. And how long will that be? Months? Years? Decades? In other words, you. Why don't you give me one of those while you're at it? Nicely done, Constable. Lucky for me. Have you contacted Major Kira? That must mean they found what we were looking for. You have to get to the President. Tell him everything we know and warn him that Leyton is going to make his move some time today. I've got some business to take care of. Against a fellow officer? I hope not. But I will have to ask for your resignation. (Sisko takes Leyton's comm. badge.) I have enough evidence to convict you of treason. We have Lieutenant Arriaga in custody. He is prepared to admit that under your orders he attached a subspace modulator to the relay satellite on the far side of the wormhole. That is why it was opening and closing at random. To make it look like a cloaked Dominion fleet was entering Federation space so that when the Earth's power relays were sabotaged, the people would think that an invasion was imminent. You think that one Starfleet ship is going to fire on another? Admiral, do you realise what's going on here? Even if you win, even if you do manage to oust Jaresh-Inyo, you still lose. We all lose. Do you think other Federation worlds are going to sit back and let their President be replaced by a military dictatorship? Overthrowing a legitimately elected President and giving Starfleet direct control over the government? It sounds like a dictatorship to me, and I'm sure I'm not the only one who thinks so. And what if they don't agree? What then? Are you willing to risk a civil war? If the Lakota fires on the Defiant, you will be opening up a Pandora's box that may never be closed. I won't do that. No, thank you. You were a good teacher. You want to talk to me about loyalty? After you broke your oath with the Federation, lied to the people of Earth, ordered one of our own starships to fire on another! You don't have the right. I used to think I did. I used to think that you were a man of principles, a man of honour. I see that I was mistaken. So am I. Captain, you know as well as I do that there aren't any shape-shifters on the Defiant. Use those quantum torpedoes and you will be killing fifty Starfleet officers. Put him through. What's your status, Mister Worf? Casualties? Get here as soon as you can. The President's expecting you. It doesn't matter whether I get out of here or not. By now, Odo is talking to Jaresh-Inyo. The President will have all the evidence he needs to stop you. It's over. Who will you fight? Starfleet? The Federation? Don't you see, Admiral? You're fighting the wrong war. And as for your loyal officers, Benteen's already abandoned you. And she was closer to you than anyone. You've lost. Don't make anyone else pay for your mistakes. (Leyton takes off his rank insignia.) If the changelings want to destroy what we've built here, they're going to have to do it themselves. We will not do it for them. You sure we can't convince you to come back to the station with us? Well, we'd better get going. Now don't forget I'll do my best. Three to beam up. (Sisko, Odo, and Jake beam out, and Joseph lets his queuing customers in)
Good of you to make it, old man. Shakaar's transport just docked. Welcome to Deep Space Nine, Minister. This is part of my senior staff. Lieutenant Commander Jadzia Dax, Chief of Operations Miles O'Brien, Doctor Bashir, and, of course you know Major Kira. A pleasure. Come this way. There's quite a crowd waiting for you on the Promenade. The guards will escort you to the podium whenever you're ready. Go ahead, Constable. Shouldn't the decision be up to the First Minister? I suppose if I were in his position I'd do the same. Constable, I want station security stepped up for the duration of Shakaar's visit. Of course. Commander Eddington is on leave. I'll ask Mister Worf to head up Starfleet Security while he's gone. [Security office] You're telling me someone overrode the station's comm. system, faked Worf's voice, and then sent one of our turbolifts into a free fall? What I want to know is how they got Worf's security code. What do you mean? They say to err is human, But you're not human, Odo. You're not even humanoid. And this is not the sort of mistake that I'd expect from you. Distracted? Constable, whatever this personal matter is, don't let it interfere with your job again. That's all I need to hear. Now, no ships have been allowed to leave since this incident occurred. That means that whoever was responsible is still on the station. I want them found.
On screen. Let's find out what they want. On a Klingon ship?
Good. Mister Worf, I want you to tell me why I shouldn't put you on the next transport out of here. I didn't ask you about my rights. Answer my question. Regulations? We're not talking about some obscure technicality, Mister Worf. You tried to commit premeditated murder. At the moment, I don't give a damn about Klingon beliefs, rituals or custom. Now I have given you both a lot of leeway when it comes to following Klingon traditions, but in case you haven't noticed, this is not a Klingon station, and those are not Klingon uniforms you're wearing. There is a limit to how far I'll go to accommodate cultural diversity among my officers and you've just reached it. When your brother is released from the infirmary, you better find another way to settle your family problems. Is that clear? You're damn right it won't. Now both of you, get out! [Replimat] What do you make of it, Chief? The larger question is, what are these Klingons up to? One thing I've had enough of is tiptoeing around Klingons. Take the Defiant and run a sensor sweep of those coordinates. Tell them that the ship is conducting military exercises according to interstellar agreements. I don't want Worf anywhere near other Klingons right now. Keep him informed of what's going on, but under no circumstances is he to accompany you. Is that clear? Don't say it, Chief. I've already got one officer defending Worf. I don't need two. [Infirmary] (Kurn is in a Cardassian life-support unit.) Do you have any idea what caused the explosion? A torpedo? At the moment we can't even prove these mines exist. But if war comes, the Klingons would be able to cut off Deep Space Nine and the entire Bajoran system. Thank you, Commander. Major? Congratulations, Mister Worf. You did an excellent job. That goes for your brother too.
I cannot believe what I'm seeing. (Bashir, O'Brien and Worf all in a cell.) Mister Worf, do I look like I'm ready for an explanation? Three of my senior staff brawling on the Promenade. Maybe you should take a closer look at Doctor Bashir's forehead. (There's a cut on it.) Then what were you doing? According to Odo, Doctor Bashir was shoved over a table. Things got more than a little out of hand. I suppose I'm going to have to talk to Quark myself, find a way to settle this strike, get things back to normal around here. I'll tell Constable Odo to let you go (pause) in the morning. (Sisko leaves) Then settle it. Make it simple. Sit down with your brother and hammer out an agreement today. Maybe I don't know much about Ferengi culture but I do know who holds the lease on your bar. That's because we don't ask you to pay your rent, or to reimburse us for your maintenance repairs, or the drain on the station's power supply. Until today. Let's see. Five years of back rent, plus power consumption, plus the repairs. Do you know how much latinum that is? That's right. I'm glad we're in agreement. [Rom's quarters] (Rom is working on PADDs.)
They can take the Rubicon. (Doorbell) Come in. Bring them in. The marriage blessing? I think so. Not at all. Now, if you'll just join hands. Zhia'kala, tareh anu suur. Tevon akalu rez kavor. Matana kel. I'm glad to hear it. (Kira and Porta leave.) I didn't say it was that bad. It's just hard getting used to being a religious icon. Go ahead. A lightship. Lifesigns? Try hailing them. Tractor the ship into transporter range and beam the passenger directly to the infirmary. [Infirmary] (A middle-aged man with a goatee beard and drab clothes is lying on a bed.) I'm Captain Benjamin Sisko. You're aboard a Federation Space Station near Bajor. This is Kira Nerys, my First Officer. What happened then? You spoke to them? When exactly did you leave Bajor? What was the year? Their plan? Akorem, a great deal has happened since you've been gone. Maybe Major Kira can spend some time filling you in. If you look at the prophecies about the Emissary, a lot of them make more sense with Akorem in the picture. Every text I've read says the Prophets will name their Emissary by calling him to them, that he would find the Celestial Temple, that there the Prophets would give him back his life. They didn't give me back my life. True enough. But I wasn't the first one to find the wormhole, or to meet the Prophets. Akorem was. I don't. I guess I was looking for something to convince me that I was making the right decision. Akorem will make a far better Emissary than I ever was. He's Bajoran, he's a revered poet, and he wants the job. Besides, Starfleet will be thrilled. They never liked the idea that the Bajorans saw me as a religious figure. I talked to Vedek Porta. He seemed to think that as long as I make it clear that I'm stepping aside voluntarily, they will. It feels good. No more ceremonies to attend, no more blessings to give, no more prophecies to fulfill. I'm just a Starfleet officer again. All I have to worry about are the Klingons, the Dominion and the Maquis. I feel like I'm on vacation. [Promenade] I wanted to talk to you before you left for Bajor. I was surprised by your speech. I had no idea you were going to advocate change on such a massive scale. Are you sure of that? So, you're going to ask First Minister Shakaar to step down and go back to farming? So if someone defies their caste? You realise that caste-based discrimination goes against the Federation charter. If Bajor returns to the D'jarra system, I have no doubt that its petition to join the Federation will be rejected. I had a feeling Winn would see it that way. As a Starfleet Officer, I am bound by oath not to interfere with Bajoran affairs. But, as a friend to Bajor, I have to say giving up Federation membership would be a mistake. (Akorem takes hold of Sisko's right ear) Goodbye Emissary. [Replimat] (All the seats are taken.) Morning. It's been going on all morning whenever someone with a higher ranking D'jarra comes in. I remember when I got promoted to lieutenant. It took me a while to get used to being called sir by my friends who were still ensigns. Sounds like you have some reservations about bringing back the D'jarras. Even if what he's guiding you towards doesn't include the Federation? No matter what? Kai Opaka. What are you doing here? How did you (Now she's behind him) Don't you know me? (Behind him again.) What triggers them? Finding out what? Interesting. Sure. That I have too many neuropeptides rolling around in my head. [Kira's quarters] (Kira is exploring her artistic side, but the result is not satisfactory and she takes out her frustration on the hapless piece of clay, which then takes its place on the table with a load of other misshapen lumps.) [Promenade] Fine, let's make the change permanent. Anything else? Sure. I'm sorry. I just received a communiqué from Starfleet Command responding to my report on the Bajoran situation. Not yet. But I can read between the lines. I was sent here to help bring Bajor into the Federation. That doesn't look like much of a possibility anymore. As far as Starfleet is concerned, I have failed my mission. It is from where they're sitting. The irony is Starfleet was always trying to get me to distance myself from this Emissary business. And now that I have Thanks, it'll blow over. It's not that. I guess I'm just feeling I did fail. Anyway, why did you want me to meet Jatarn? What is it, Major? To follow your D'jarra. I don't doubt I can find someone to fill your post. But to replace you? [Promenade] Go ahead. What happened? Did anyone see it happen? You killed him because of his D'jarra? Get him out of here. [Wardroom] And forcing people to follow their D'jarras won't make it any smoother. What happened on the Promenade was just the beginning. How do you know that? And what you've done with the position has made me wish I had never given it up. I'm willing to accept it now. You've left me no choice. I don't want to divide Bajor any more than you do. We're not going to settle this by arguing over ancient texts. There's only one way to be sure which one of us is the Emissary. We have to go to the wormhole and ask the Prophets. [Runabout] (WHOOSH into the wormhole) Going to half thrusters. We wait. (Time passes, then they go into the white Limbo) [Infirmary] The Bajorans believe you are their Prophets, that you've chosen one of us to be your Emissary. Go on. But we want to understand. That's why we're here. You saved his life. Why? Is that true? Is that what you want? For me? No. Why not return him to his own time as he is now, uninjured, so that he can get back safely to Bajor? Because I still have questions. What does that mean? I hear she didn't make many. I wanted everyone to know what happened to Akorem, and that the Prophets said nothing about returning to the D'jarras. I was just reading one of Akorem's poems, The Call of the Prophets. He did. Look. The Prophets work in mysterious ways. Yes? Happy Birthday. I'd be happy to. (genuinely) You're welcome. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
The Advocate neglected to mention in his opening statement that at the time in question, the Defiant was under attack by two Klingon warships. This was a combat situation with hundreds of lives at stake. It was at that moment, when suddenly the transport ship decloaked in front of the Defiant. Worf gave the order to fire, not because he was reckless or negligent, but because he believed he was firing on a warship. We intend to show that the destruction of the transport was a tragic, but unavoidable, accident. I want to know everything there is to know about the Klingon who was commanding that transport ship. I'm going to argue that he saw the battle and then decided to join it. That he decloaked in order to attack the Defiant. That's where you come in. Use your contacts in the Empire and find out something about this captain I can use. Was he reckless, did he have a reputation for drinking, did he have a death wish? Something. Thank you. Thank you. We don't get many Klingon visitors anymore. Oh? An opportunity to annex more Cardassian space and set up additional military bases in this sector? You're presuming an awful lot. Worf maintains his innocence. I'm sorry if you feel it puts you at a disadvantage. This is not a fight. It's the search for the truth. Admiral, if there are no facts in dispute, then this hearing would appear to be at an end. We can't put a man's heart on trial. It's a subjective issue that cannot be reasoned in a court of law. I ask that the advocate be limited to arguing the evidence in this case. Objection. There's been no search order issued for those files. This is a violation of Mister Worf's privacy. Don't play his game. Objection! That's right. An outbreak of Rudellian plague has struck the Cardassian colony on Pentath Three. The Cardassians are preparing several convoys of medical supplies and relief workers, but the Pentath system borders Klingon territory and the Cardassians are worried about raids. Now the problem is the Cardassians don't have enough warships available to protect the relief convoy. They've asked for Starfleet protection, and because of the humanitarian nature of the request, we've agreed. There will be seven convoys headed for Pentath Three in the next week, each of them protected by a Federation starship. The Defiant has been assigned to escort convoy six, and I've chosen you to be in command. (to camera) I felt he was an experienced officer who was ready to take on greater responsibilities. He had a distinguished record and obviously understood the Klingons. [Wardroom] If I were, I wouldn't have given him the assignment. Yes. Not at this time, Admiral. What do you have for me, Constable? Doesn't sound like a man who'd suddenly decide to take on the Defiant. What about this story of theirs that the transport ship just wandered off course into a combat area? But why did he drop his cloak right in front of the Defiant? No one seems able, or no one seems willing? Start looking into the passengers on that ship. Maybe someone with a grudge against Worf or the Federation was aboard. Someone who could have seized control of the ship and taken it into the battle. I'm reaching, I know. But at the moment it's all we have. Chief, do you believe Worf was correct in giving the order to fire? Is there any question in your mind about his motives? Thank you, Chief. None. That's right. You? You're not making this offer out of kindness. You want the Federation to concede so the convoys will stop and the Klingons can move in on the Pentath system. I wouldn't try eating that cake just yet, if I were you. But you have told me one thing I needed to know. You're worried about what Worf might say on the stand. Good news or bad? I appreciate that. But I get the feeling that at this point the only one who can help Worf is Worf. [Bridge] How did you feel when the Klingons attacked? Were you excited? So that's all that mattered to you? The chance to fight? Chief O'Brien says that he disagrees with your decision to fire. How do you respond to that? What difference does that make? Did you anticipate encountering a civilian ship on this mission? Mister Worf, I want you to think about the civilians who died on that transport ship and answer one question. Under the same set of circumstances, would you do it again? Thank you. Objection! Worf, no! Constable? If he objects, I know what to do. (T'Lara enters.) Admiral, I apologise for interrupting your deliberations, but I have some new evidence I'd like to present. I'd like Advocate Ch'Pok to evaluate the evidence as an expert witness on the Klingon Empire. Care to step onto my battlefield? (Ch'Pok takes the stand.) Advocate, how would you describe the current relationship between the Federation and the Klingon Empire? What would you call us? Informal friends? Informal enemies? Hmm. Interesting. Would you agree that at the moment, it is difficult for us to trust each other? I'm glad to hear you have such a profound respect for the Admiral. But would it be fair to say that outside this hearing you do not entirely trust us? Of course. And it is only prudent of us to question your motives. After all, aren't there times when you feel it's in your best interest to deceive us? Well, can you imagine any circumstance in which the Empire would deceive the Federation? Let's see what we can do to spark it. (Sisko gives Ch'Pok a PADD) Do you recognise these names? You're positive? There are four hundred and forty one of them. They are an interesting group of people aren't they? From every walk of life. Merchants, soldiers, artists, shopkeepers. Children. We've done some checking in their backgrounds, and in our opinion they all appear to be a random group of people who shared only one thing in common. They travelled on the same ship. Is that your conclusion as well? And it was just fate that led these particular people to board a doomed ship? And then they did it again. Three months ago a Klingon transport ship crashed in the mountains of Galorda Prime. Of course, everyone assumed the worst, that the passengers and crew had all been killed. But then, miraculously, everyone survived. Do you know anyone who was on that ship? Are you sure? You have the names of the survivors right there. I can understand your confusion. The names in front of you are identical to the names on this list. The people who were killed in the Defiant incident. So, what does this mean? Four hundred and forty one people somehow survived a crash on Galorda Prime and then a few weeks later they all decide to take another trip, on the same day, on the same transport ship, under the same captain and crew, and then that ship is destroyed, too. This is a very unlucky group of people, wouldn't you say? No. You are an expert on the Klingon Empire. So, tell me, Advocate. Isn't it possible that there were no civilians on the transport Worf destroyed? Isn't it possible that the ship he saw was sending out false sensor images and that this whole affair was staged so that the only Klingon officer in Starfleet would be accused of a massacre and the Federation would be forced to stop escorting the convoys? Tell me, Advocate, isn't it possible? I thought you should know O'Brien and Bashir are throwing a party for you at Quark's. It looks like quite a bash. I'm glad you realise that. That was your first mistake. What was your second? You're damned right you should've checked. You knew there were civilian ships in the area. You fired at something you hadn't identified. You made a military decision to protect your ship and crew, but you're a Starfleet officer, Worf. We don't put civilians at risk or even potentially at risk to save ourselves. Sometimes that means we lose the battle and sometimes our lives. But if you can't make that choice, then you can't wear that uniform. At ease, Commander. Now, all that being true, the reality is no harm has been done. There are no dead children on your conscience. You got lucky. And that's why despite everything that's happened you're going to make a hell of a captain some day. Now, let's go. They'll all be waiting. Look, this party isn't for you as much as it is for them. Things got a little tense there for a while. They need a release, a chance to celebrate. Part of being a captain is knowing when to smile, make the troops happy even when it's the last thing in the world you want to do. Because they're your troops and you have to take care of them. Wait till you get four pips on that collar. You'll wish you had gone into botany. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
He apparently got curious about some Argrathi technology and asked a few too many questions. The Argrathi security arrested him and charged him with espionage. I know that. But by the time the Argrathi told us what had happened, they had already carried out his correction. The Argrathi claim it's impossible, but Doctor Bashir will do his best. As soon as Doctor Bashir gives the okay. [Runabout] (WHOOSH) Have a seat. (they go to the settee) I understand you had a confrontation with Doctor Bashir yesterday. Not according to Doctor Bashir. According to Constable Odo, you also had an incident with Quark. Doctor Bashir also tells me that you've stopped seeing your counsellor. The agreement was that you were going to see a counsellor on a regular basis. You'll see him today. Immediately. The work can wait. As of now, you're relieved of duty. I want you to report to Counsellor Telnorri and begin attending daily counselling sessions for as long as he thinks it's advisable. You know that's not true. What happened on Argratha affected you a lot more than you're willing to admit. And it's not going to get better overnight, no matter how much you want it to. You need help. I wish I could. But right now, in the judgement of this station's Chief Medical Officer, you're unfit for duty. Which means you're on medical leave effective immediately. And if you don't begin attending counselling sessions on a regular basis, and cooperating in every other way with your physician, I will have no choice but to have you confined to the infirmary. Is that clear? Dismissed. [Ops]
Sisko to Bashir. [Defiant Bridge]
Are you packed? Kasidy's ship is going to be here any minute. Staying home? This trip was your idea. You really want to pass up three days in the Bajoran outback? Oh, lay off the matchmaking, Jake. Kasidy and I are doing fine. You can write on the trip. Look, I'm not trying to talk you into anything. I don't get leave often, and I was looking forward to the three of us spending time together. All right. Good luck with it. See you in a couple days. [Quark's] Do you have any idea what caused it? But he is going to be all right? Jake. Jake, what happened? I'm going to go talk to Odo, see if he knows anything about this Onaya. Then this entity Nurse Tagana saw could have been responsible. Then we'd better get moving. [Conduit junction] (Jake is still writing, giving off energy for Onaya.) (to crewman) I'm getting something about twenty metres in this direction. I'll go this way. You swing around and take tunnel sixty one G. [Conduit junction] (Jake drops the paper, exhausted.) Get away from him. I said get away. (Onaya does.) Sisko to Ops. Lock on to my signal and stand by to beam Jake directly to the Infirmary. Get a medical team down here immediately. What are you? Is that what you did to Jake? Look at him! And you, what do you get out of it? You're not going anywhere. (Sisko's phaser has no effect. The ball of energy flies through the bulkhead and off into space.) [Security office] How are you feeling? I just finished. You've got a good start on a novel here, Jake. The dialogue is sharp, the story's involving, the characters are real. The spelling is terrible. I especially liked the father. A bit. It's really good. You did. Listen to me. You wrote these words, not her. And that means they were somewhere inside you. And all you have to do is learn to find them for yourself. That's understandable. Take it easy for a while. You'll get back to it. And then, someday, when you're ready, maybe you'll finish it. I've got to get to work. I'll check in on you in a couple hours.
Kasidy? What is it? If it weren't the health concern, maybe, but in this case
Doctor. I read your report. Good work. Yes, but their children won't.
You'd better have a look at this. (On the viewscreen, DS9 is missing half an upper pylon, and there is debris floating.) [Corridor] (The immediate aftermath of whatever happened.) Report, Major. (reads Odo's PADD) Microfusion initiators, photonic amplifiers, EPS power stabilisers. I intend to do more than that. Sisko to Defiant, prepare for departure. The station's yours, Major. Contact Starfleet. Tell them to get some ships out here just in case this is a diversion. Constable, you're with us. Sisko to Defiant. Three to beam out. (Dax, Odo and Sisko are beamed away. The Defiant undocks. WHOOSH.) [Bridge] (Cloaked) What do you see, Dax? Keep on them. I want that ship. Sometimes I wish we could have the Defiant standing guard over the station twenty six hours a day. Red Alert. On screen. (A damaged Jem'Hadar ship.) How many crewmembers aboard? Chief, have a security detail report to the transporter bay. Odo, Commander Worf, you're with me. [Transporter bay] (Six armed security take up position.) Transporter protocol five. Sisko to Bridge. Drop cloak. Engage. (Six Jem'Hadar come in unarmed.) Reinstate cloak. If you're looking for your weapons, they were removed in transport. Two hours ago, my station was attacked by a Jem'Hadar strike team. If you have something to say to me, make it quick. If you're trying to impress me, you can forget it. I'd say your psychographic profile of me isn't as good as you think. I want to know how to find the Jem'Hadar who attacked my station. If you want to build a bridge, why don't you start there? What's that? Why do you need my help? You could send a whole fleet of Jem'Hadar warships after them. They controlled a vast interstellar empire about two hundred thousand years ago. The Gateways. What does any of this have to do with me? These renegade Jem'Hadar stole some equipment from my station. EPS power stabilisers, microfusion initiators, photonic amplifiers. If the Jem'Hadar are able to make the Gateway operational, they'll become virtually invincible. None of which is my problem. Couldn't the Founders just order them to surrender? From what I know, the Jem'Hadar have been genetically conditioned to obey them. Sounds like the Dominion isn't quite as stable as you'd like us to believe. Agreed. [Bridge] I don't relish this idea either, but we don't have much of a choice. They're not going to get their hands on any weapons until we reach our target. According to Weyoun, they don't know anything about the Gateway. They think that this is just a routine search and destroy mission. Find the renegade Jem'Hadar, eliminate them and their base. They're not going to find out anything. There'll be a joint briefing session at nineteen hundred hours. Enter. It seems we're going to be working together. I'm glad you see it that way. Now, I have a few things I want to make clear. First, this is my ship and my command. which means I give the orders, not you and not Weyoun. What's more, I'm holding you personally responsible for the actions of your men. If I have a problem with them, you're the one who's going to have to answer for it. As far as I'm concerned, on this mission, I'm the First. They lock eyes, and neither blinks.) For the time being. [Mess hall] According to Dominion intelligence, the Jem'Hadar have established a base camp here. (Sisko points to the wall monitor, tactical scan O-47 or D-47, I can't quite make it out.) The interior of the structure is riddled with a network of corridors and interlocking chambers. our primary objective is to destroy the Jem'Hadar arms and supply cache in this chamber. The trick will be getting there. We can't beam directly into the structure, which means we'll have to fight our way in. Unfortunately, that's not an option. Which means we have to go in ourselves. We've chosen a beam-in site here, in this wooded area. That'll give us a chance to evaluate the situation before proceeding. Our first objective will be to secure the main entrance to the ziggurat. All right, that's enough. All right! I said that's enough. Worf, let him go! Now, the two of you, as you were. I promise, you'll both have more fight than you can handle before this is over. [Defiant Corridor] (Worf decks a patrolling Jem'Hadar.) I don't understand. You told me the Jem'Hadar soldiers always operate in teams of three. I don't know. I've found nothing keeps me alert quite like a healthy fear of death. Keep practicing. The two of you, with me. [Defiant Corridor] One of the reasons for these drills is to help our crews learn to work together. Constantly showing contempt for my people isn't making it any easier. What I'd like is for you to at least maintain the pretence that we're on the same side. [Defiant Turbolift] Deck five, section one. Halt turbolift. Looks like your secret's out. Mixed teams it is. But let's get one thing straight. This isn't going to be a suicide mission. As far as I'm concerned, everyone who goes in, comes back out. Starfleet and Jem'Hadar alike. Computer, reactivate turbolift. [Bridge] That's enough! The next one who throws a punch will have to answer to me. Now, I want to know who started this. Mister Worf, when not on duty, you are confined to quarters for the remainder of this mission. All right, let's break this up. Get back to your stations or go to your quarters. Either way, I want this room cleared. Now! (The crew leave.) A dead man can't learn from his mistakes. I don't get the same joy out of killing as you do. You have a funny way of showing it. Mister Worf is not a danger to my command. But if I eliminate him for a simple breach of discipline, then I would be. My men would stop trusting me, and I wouldn't blame them. Well, it looks like the upgraded reactant injectors are working better than we thought. Mister Worf. Battle drills ended ten minutes ago. You should be in your quarters. It looks like you got a little lost. Go on. I didn't know that was public knowledge. Well, that explains it. I appreciate the concern, but do you really think I'm going to follow that recommendation? I won't. That's very reassuring, Mister Worf. Sisko here. On my way. [Arms locker] (O'Brien hands out phaser rifles to the Starfleet people, then the Jem'Hadar queue up.) Prepare to transport. Amen. Let's get it done. [Planet surface] (The landing party are taking cover behind trees. Sisko waves them out.) What are you talking about? Guess again. [Ziggurat entrance] (This time, our Jem'Hadar shimmer in and start the fight. Then Starfleet join in too. They get inside.) [Ziggurat vestibule] You're sure the explosives won't be affected by the Gateway? Let's move. [Gateway chamber] (As in Contagion, the Gateway shows a steady stream of images of it's destinations. The guards are taken out so O'Brien can set the explosives. We see various backgrounds including either the Eiffel Tower or the Blackpool Tower - they are nearly identical - Bajor, Kronos. A cloaked fighter wounds Sisko as he gets between it and Omet'iklan.) Looks that way. If you have to ask, you'll never understand. What about Dax and the others? Good luck. I'll keep that in mind. (The Jem'Hadar shimmer away) Sisko to Defiant. Begin transport. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
On screen. Magnify. (A runabout trailing flames. Neat trick in vacuum.) I think you made the right choice, Doctor. But the bottom line is it worked, right? Quark! We're doing some structural repair work on level two of the Habitat ring. We need a place to store some extra furniture for the next few months and it looks like you have the room. (Crew walk in with assorted chairs etc.) We have three levels, Constable. Use them all. Send me the bill.
This recording was sent to the Federation Council three days ago. I don't think Gowron gives a damn about Archanis. He's just looking for an excuse to rattle his sabre. The question is why? I hope you're wrong, Major. But right now there's not much we can do about it either way. Archanis Four is a long way from here. (Kira sneezes repeatedly.) I say eight. Mister Worf? I win. Is there anything Doctor Bashir can do about it? How is the Constable? Worse. Hopefully Odo will get back on his feet soon. In the meantime, I want him left alone to rest. Agreed? (A-Choo!) Agreed. [Infirmary] Once we enter the Gamma Quadrant, we'll begin transmitting a subspace signal explaining the purpose of our mission. Then we'll enter Dominion space and try to locate the Founders' new homeworld. You can be sure of that. I don't think so, Major. I know Odo's your friend, but I need you here. Besides Doctor? We'll prepare the Defiant. You prepare the Constable. [Bridge] Thank you, Mister O'Brien. Who is it? Have Mister Garak escorted to the mess hall. I'll meet him there. [Mess hall] (Garak is talking to his two security guards.) Make it brief, Garak. Such as? I was under the impression that those ships were destroyed with all hands. Ah. And you think some of their crewmembers might have been taken prisoner? I have no need for a tailor on this mission, let alone a spy. But maybe there is something you can do for me. This is going to be a long trip for Odo. I need someone to occupy his attention, take his mind off his condition. No. Anyone can do that. Dax, Bashir, myself. And what would we have to offer him? Kindness? Sympathy? That's the last thing he wants. You've got yourself a job. But all questions for the Founders will have to wait until after Odo gets the help he needs. Make sure you remember that. [Promenade] (Kira and Bashir are helping semi-liquid Odo to walk out of the Infirmary.) Begin transmitting a request for assistance, then set a course for the Dominion. Gentlemen, I feel the same breeze you do. Come on, Chief. You have no way of knowing that. Full stop. On screen. (A squadron of Jem'Hadar warships.) Make that a lot of attention. But I don't want to give them any reason to think that we're hiding something. Odo needs their help and I'm going to make sure he gets it. Commander, tell the Jem'Hadar that I'll meet their representative in the transporter bay. Can you help him? I can't do that. Then let's not stand here and argue. Just tell us where we need to take him. The faster we get moving, the better off he'll be. Commander, give him your seat. (Amat'igan shows Dax a small device.) Not now, Mister Worf. (The viewscreen goes static.) What about injecting him with radio-nuclides? Constable, shouldn't you be in bed? Are you sure that's what you'll find in the Great Link? Justice? Report. How much longer? Doctor Bashir and I will be joining you. We'll wait. [Atoll] (They beam down onto a solitary rock in an endless sea of shape-shifters.) I've lost track. Doctor. (Bashir was about to throw a stone into the sea.) Doctor. (The sea is churning. Odo is tossed around then dumped naked onto the atoll.) Odo, are you all right? What have you done to him? Sisko to Defiant. Three to beam up. [Medical bay] (Bashir takes a blood sample from Odo.) Constable, are you all right? You know, there's no reason to rush things. You don't have to go back to work right away. You're the best law enforcement officer in this sector. Maybe the whole damn quadrant. I have no idea. Major, put the station on combat alert. Notify the Bajoran militia. Gowron? What about him?
What have you done to him? Gowron? What about him? So are we. I'm afraid the war's not going very well. The Klingons are throwing everything they have at us. Starfleet's been able to slow them down, but that's about all. [Captain's office] Starfleet's sending an infiltration team to Klingon territory. Their orders are to do whatever it takes to prove that Gowron's a shape-shifter. Me. [Quark's] (The Writ of Accountability on the wall and no Ferengi staff.) Do I look happy, Quark? I'm looking for Odo. Where is he? Constable. You mean the bubbles? I'm on duty. I thought you were always on duty. Not necessarily. There's always the temptation to eat too much, to drink too much. I might be able to do something about that. Starfleet has ordered us to try to expose the Gowron changeling. I want you to come with us. I don't need Yndar. I need you. What I need is my Chief of Security. There will be a staff meeting at sixteen hundred hours. I expect you to be there. [Wardroom] According to Starfleet intelligence, Chancellor Gowron has relocated Klingon military headquarters to Ty'Gokor. There are at least thirty warships stationed there at any given time and the entire asteroid field is protected by a tachyon detection grid. Our orders are to expose Gowron, not assassinate him. Which is why Starfleet has given us these. (Four baseball sized devices.) Starfleet Science thinks that exposure to polaron radiation will have a destabilising effect on changeling physiology. That's the theory. (holding the remote) With this. The plan is to smuggle these into Ty'Gokor. Once they're set up, they can cover about twelve thousand cubic metres. That's one I think I can solve. [Corridor] (A Klingon ship decloaks and docks.) What's wrong, Dukat? Haven't you ever seen a Klingon before? [Ducat's Bridge] (Worf has also been disguised somewhat.) I see we're all here. At your convenience, Gul Dukat. Thank you for the input, Mister Damar, but we'll stick to the original plan. Are you making any progress with our Klingon identity files? They'll be inducting some new members in a few days, and Chancellor Gowron will be presiding over the ceremony. Are you questioning the validity of my plan? No, not at all. Klingon warriors speak to each other proudly. They do not whisper or keep their distance. Constable? Then you'd better work on becoming one. Because like it or not, you are on this mission. Let me worry about that. Odo, I know this has been a difficult time for you. That you never would've chosen to become a solid. But what's done is done. Brooding isn't going to change anything, and shirking your responsibilities isn't going to make you feel better about yourself. Then I suggest you get back in there and do your job. (Then an alarm goes off.) [Ducat's Bridge] What's going on, Dukat? Was that really necessary? That's not what we agreed to. Cho'Ghos! [Hall of Warriors] (A huge room with plenty of statues, a brazier, racks of medals, a raised central stage and plenty of Klingons eating, drinking, singing and headbutting each other. One headbutts O'Brien as the group enters.) The Hall of Warriors. Now we celebrate! [Promenade - upper level] Brag all you want, but don't get between me and the bloodwine. (The boasters move away, cheering.) We went to the Academy together. Not until morning. I don't want to take the chance of anyone spotting them once they're in place. Captain of the Academy wrestling team. Twenty two years ago. Ow. (Sisko massages his aching arm.) I see him. (The crowd cheer Martok as he walks through the hall.) Q'apla! Let's get it done. (The four head off to place their emitters on various statues. A hand falls on O'Brien's shoulder.) I'm sorry to disappoint you. Would you be happier if we'd succeeded? You think we're right, don't you? You believe Gowron's a changeling too. How long have you suspected? Let's go. (Martok stops Odo with his disruptor.) Well, looks like we found our changeling after all. (Later) That way the war between the Federation and the Klingons would continue until both sides were destroyed. And we played right into it. If we really want to strike a blow against the Founders, we have to find a way to end this war. I wouldn't count on it. But if the fighting stops and the negotiations begin Where Gowron leads the Council will follow. I'd appreciate that. I don't know. I could do without ridges but I kind of miss the fangs. That leaves you, Odo. You heard the man.
Beam us directly to the crash site. [Crash site] (A big ship has rammed itself into the cliff face, belly up, leaving a trail of burning behind it.) Break orbit and get out of sight
Is that contagious? Love? Worf? Especially around here. [Infirmary]
I just talked to Doctor Bashir. He's on his way to Ajilon Prime to answer a request for medical assistance. According to the latest reports, Klingon ground troops have captured two settlements in the northern hemisphere. The Farragut will get there the day after tomorrow. Bashir says that he and Jake will leave as soon as the relief teams are in place. Yes, I hear you took a little trip to the Infirmary. What happened? Ingenious. Go on. And jumped off the stairs. That would have been impressive. It's an understandable mistake. You've been a changeling longer than you've been a solid. Yes, they are. And there are a lot of ways you can get hurt. It seems just yesterday he was five years old, clinging to me because he'd just scraped his knee and I was the only one in the world who could make it better. I remember sometimes getting up in the middle of the night and slipping into his room just to make sure he was all right, and I'd sit there and watch him sleep. And I'd think to myself that no matter what, I wasn't going to let anything bad happen to this child. Now he's a sector away in a war zone, and there's nothing I can do to protect him. Can't help it. It comes with the territory. Oh, all the time. That's your choice, but you don't know what you're missing. (doorbell) Yes? Dax, you're with me. We'll leave as soon as the Defiant is ready. [Cavern - staff room] (Bashir brings a couple of trays of food to a table.) I was just tweaking the pattern buffers in the replicator systems. I'm just trying to keep busy. No, not really. But you can't. No one can. Just to keep busy. So, how did it turn out with Neema? Phew. I was hoping you were going to say that. Because if this story had an unhappy ending, I would have never forgiven you. For how long? Do me a favour. Tell me about it some other time. Right now, all I care about is seeing Jake. You want to check for yourself? Get your own. I have to check the sonic shower relays. Don't move, let Doctor Bashir check for injuries. The cease fire has been reinstated. The Klingons are pulling out. It's over. Sealing the entrance way was a risky thing to do. You nearly brought the whole ceiling down on yourself. Anyone who's been in battle would recognise himself in this, but most of us wouldn't care to admit it. It takes courage to look inside yourself and even more courage to write it for other people to see. I'm proud of you, son. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Are you sure you don't want anything? You'll get it. Where do you want to start? It was an accident. Erm, no. This may take some time. No. Two weeks ago the Cardassian Government contacted me and wanted to return an Orb to the Bajorans. Each has a unique property, like the Orb of Prophecy, or the Orb of Wisdom. The one we received from the Cardassians was the Orb of Time, although we didn't know that at first. Don't look at me. What happened? Deactivate it and get us back under cloak. Can you identify it? (Cloaked again.) Chief, I need that viewscreen. The Enterprise. [Captain's office] This was the first Enterprise. Constitution class. The one and only. Stardate 4523.7. Ah. Until he heard rumours about an Orb capable of taking him back in time. The bottom line is, we have to find Darvin and stop him before he has a chance to alter history. Do we know where he beamed to? We'll have to search both without arousing suspicion or altering the timeline ourselves. The last thing I want is a visit from Temporal Investigations when we get home. Lieutenant, actually. I didn't want to push my luck. Thank you, Ensign. In the old days, operations officers wore red, command officers wore gold. Is that enough time to transport us aboard? What about the station? Remember, try to avoid contact with people of this time period. Dax. [Enterprise corridor] (Dax and Sisko come out of turbolift seven to a busy corridor.) [Enterprise turbolift] (Bashir and O'Brien beam into the turbolift.) What about over there? I'll pretend to do repairs. You scan for Darvin. Dax. Get to battle stations. [Enterprise turbolift] Deck seven. (Sisko stops the lift.) Let's see if we can find out what's going on. (He taps his embroidered shirt badge.) Sisko to Defiant. (Gets the flip-top communicator out) Sisko to Defiant. Report. [Bridge] Have they locked weapons? [Bridge] Curzon's old friend? I think it might be better if Chief O'Brien and Doctor Bashir go. Exactly. Dax. Major, beam the Chief and the Doctor to K-seven and fill them in. Too much fun. [Enterprise corridor] Keep working. We're a maintenance crew just doing our job. What? Kirk had quite the reputation as a ladies' man. Let's go. That's the last thing on my mind. We have a job to do. Look, of course I want to meet him. I'd like to shake his hand, ask him about fighting the Gorn on Cestus Three, but that's not why we're here, old man. All right. It was a mistake. But there were no lasting repercussions. If my people had caused any changes in the timeline, we would have been the first to notice when we got back. He put a bomb in a tribble? It could be anywhere. Dax and I will take care of the Enterprise. The rest of you beam over to K-seven and start searching over there. [Transporter bay] All right. Then you will have to manually scan every tribble on the station. [Transporter bay] Thank you. You have your orders, people. Sisko out. [Enterprise Bridge] (Sisko is at a spare console near the viewscreen when Kirk enters. Dax is by the main Engineering station.) (Kirk sits on a tribble. Dax meets his eyes and shrugs.) It worked. I'm scanning the Bridge. Nothing up here. Nothing on the first six decks. (McCoy enters.) That must be McCoy, the ship's doctor. Who met him, Curzon? I've scanned every deck. The bomb's not aboard the ship. On the Enterprise. It must be over there. [K-7 bar] I can send more teams from the Defiant. [K-7 bar] He might lead us right to it. [K-7 bar] Keep at it [Enterprise turbolift] For now, Constable. Deck five. [Enterprise Rec room] (Dax and Sisko are at a table near the door when Kirk and Spock enter.) Storage compartments. Storage compartments! Most of these are dead. The grain's poisoned. What's that? (We know, don't we children) [K-7 grain storage corridor] I found it. Sisko to Defiant. [Bridge] I found the bomb. [K-7 grain storage hopper] Lock onto my tricorder signal and beam it into space. Well, not exactly. Before we left, I realised there was one last thing I had to do. Something I'd been thinking about ever since I saw that ship on the viewscreen. [Enterprise Bridge] Excuse me, Captain. Here's tomorrow's duty roster for your approval. (This is from Mirror, Mirror, and Sisko has replaced Marlena.) Benjamin Sisko, sir. I've been on temporary assignment here. Before I leave, I just want to say it's been an honour serving with you, sir. Thank you, sir. [Captain's office] Now, if you want to put a letter of reprimand in my file for that, then go ahead. I'm glad to hear it. Goodbye. They didn't ask. I'm open to suggestions, people.
Keiko has really outdone herself this time. Take it from an old cook, q'parol is a very time-consuming dish. (Molly and Keiko come in with the cake) What's the matter, Chief? You look a little preoccupied. Everything all right? Of course. What were you doing on the Promenade? Doctor. All right, what have you got? Someone's gained access to our systems and is altering them. For what purpose? So far. But this might be just the tip of a very large and dangerous iceberg. Is there any way to trace how this was done, and by whom? Chief? Yes, what? Do you think it's someone on your staff? Go ahead. Everything all right? You were saying you thought you knew who the saboteur might be. Has he said anything? You think he's working alone? Then get the Chief down here. I want to know what's going on. Chief. You have some explaining to do. [O'Brien's quarters]
Well, I kind of like it. Sean. Has a nice ring to it. Do the O'Briens know that? Someone should tell them. What is that, the eighth muscle pull this month? Isn't there any way the two of you could, er, you know Without injuring yourselves? Risa? I thought you and Worf were taking your vacation on Earth. I hope they have a good hospital. I can't believe you actually convinced Worf to go to a pleasure planet. He must really be loosening up. Come to think of it, neither have I. Dax said you were going to Risa. About what? The two of you have to tell us all about it when you get back. I really wish I was going with you. Dax and I had some great times on Risa. Curzon Dax. Have fun. [Airlock]
I thought the Bajorans bent over backwards to be polite to you, Garak. You need to give yourself more credit, Constable. Keeping order during the Occupation would be a tough job for anyone, but you not only did it, you did it by earning the trust of both sides. And a legend is born. [Ops] Not here. This is Terok Nor. DS Nine during the occupation. Computer, end programme. Let's assume that's a no for the moment. And we should be. Humans, Trills and changelings didn't just stroll through Terok Nor unnoticed. I don't think they see you as a Cardassian. I'm beginning to think they don't see any of us as who we really are. Maybe they see us as Bajorans. Any theories, old man? The last thing I remember was sitting in the runabout. I remember. Odo? I tend to agree with the Constable. If they should discover that we're actually from the future Let's move on. (Odo bumps into a man with a phaser burn on his chest.) Odo? (the man vanishes) Who was that? What's she done? Don't move. He said she's been selected. What the hell does that mean? That's not good enough. I want to know where they've taken her. If we could get to a computer terminal, we could ask for a simple ID scan. And the Constable? How'd you know that? Odo? Nothing. Just show us the way. We'll manage. I'm not sure. But maybe we should conduct a little experiment and find out. [Dukat's office] (Dax is brought in, keeping her eyes down.) Everything's tidy when someone else is doing the cleaning. I'll remember to mention that to Major Kira when we get back. You all right? How did you know your name would be Timor Landi in this, this, whatever this is. Half the resistance tried to kill Dukat. If we're them, we'd better find a way out of here before Dukat makes an example out of us. (Thrax, the Cardassian Security chief, enters) I see you're not the first man around here to keep Quark on his toes. Does that name mean something to you? I tend to agree. We need to contact the Bajoran resistance. They might be able to get us off the station, maybe even to the Federation. Kira once told me about a prearranged signal the resistance used on Terok Nor to set up a meeting. Once we're finished here, we'll head back to the Bajoran sector and I'll make the signal. [Terok Nor Ghetto] (Sisko picks up a vase from a trader's shelf, looks it over then puts it back. They go to the soup kitchen, get a ladle of gruel and sit down.) And they did it for years, right under the Cardassian's noses. At least Dax is all right Maybe, but he's no fool. (Odo starts to drink his soup but his hands are covered in blood and he drops the spoon in panic.) Are you all right? I didn't think you would come while Dukat was here. We need to get off the station. Garak! We're not who we seem to be. Let's just say we're involved with the Federation. Dax! Maybe they'll salute when they execute us. We were sitting at a table eating when the grenade went off. There are witnesses. I wanted to help my friend. She was injured in the blast. Tell me about Thrax. Something about his background. He seems unusual. Doesn't have that casual brutality I've come to expect from Cardassian security officers. What makes Thrax different? That brings up a good point. Why is he here now? Garak said that you were the security chief during this time. I'm saying that maybe you know more than you think you do. You lived here, on Terok Nor. You're supposed to be out there now instead of Thrax. Think, Odo. There might be some connection between you and what's happening here. What about the station defence system? We'll figure that out later. [Terok Nor - Airlock] How could Thrax be a changeling? In this time period, the Founders didn't know about the wormhole. You've been acting strangely ever since we first woke up on the Promenade. Continually distracted, depressed and agitated. You knew the details of their case like you were there. Everything seems to lead back to you and I want to know why. Constable? It was you all along.
Don't you think you might be overpacking? You don't have to take everything at once. It's not like you're moving to Bajor. One G twelve is practically right next door. That's all the way on the other side of the habitat ring. Wait until your son moves out on you. Ha, ha. Go ahead, Jake, make jokes. One day you'll be standing where I am, and believe me, you won't like it any more than I do. Now wait, wait, let me get this straight. I can visit any time I want, but I have to call first. You won't be available for breakfast or lunch, but I can count on one dinner a week. Ah. I have raised a very generous son. You and Nog moving in together. I can remember when I didn't even want you talking to him. They sure do. [Rom's quarters] (Rom is arranging the room just so when the doorbell rings.) At ease, Cadet. (Sisko gestures to the chair.) I remember my sophomore year. Field studies Starbase one thirty seven. When I first got there I was a little apprehensive. But it turned out to be one of the best experiences of my life. Now, the key to field study is simple. Keep your eyes and ears open, follow orders and try not to get in the way. I'd like to say on a personal note, I'm glad that you and Jake are going to be roommates. I'm sure the two of you are going to have a lot of fun together. You inspire me with confidence, Cadet. Dismissed. [Ops] Be my guest. I think I've met him. He seems fine to me. He's just more dedicated than when he left. A year at the Academy will do that to people. What else could it be? Rom, he's still your son. He's just taking his duties very seriously, that's all. I wouldn't worry about it. He's just going through a phase, that's all. I'm afraid Jake's going through a phase of his own. I don't know what's so difficult about putting a dirty dish back into the replicator. Not an unfair assessment. You know, I sometimes wish Jake had a little more of Nog's self-discipline. If we could only get them in the same room. [Mountainside] (Odo and Quark have slept by some rocks.) Well, we've got a problem. According to station regulations, these quarters require two occupants or more. I'm afraid you're going to have to move out. Well, that's the problem. There are no smaller quarters available. I guess back home with me. Unless we can find you another roommate. Cadet! Cadets don't have that privilege. Neither do you. Now, I know the two of you are very different people, but you're still friends, and somehow, some way, you'll make this work. Well I do. And I'm your Captain. And I'm your father. And what I say goes. Good day, gentlemen. (Sisko leaves)
That's it. The City of B'hala, painted nearly twenty thousand years ago. It will be. Tomorrow. But I couldn't let it pass without stealing a look. Sometimes being the Emissary isn't such a bad thing. You see this? (the obelisk) It's a Bantaca spire. Ancient Bajoran cities were built around them. They were all about eleven metres high, made from hundreds of stones carved and fitted together so tightly they didn't need mortar. Supposedly, they're coordinates of the lost city. But because we can't see the markings on the other two sides, they're impossible to decipher. Before you pack it up, have it scanned into the computer. (The Bajoran security guards nod.) Computer, magnify grid C four. (It zooms in on the obelisk and the waterfall behind it.) It's a reflection. Magnify D two. [Holosuite] Computer. Process Sisko image file three seven six. Reduce in size seventy five percent. (The obelisk appears) Oh. Ah, yes. Superimpose grid D two. Reverse image and enhance. (Later, Quark enters.) But what? Three, already? Quark I want you to save this programme for me. An ancient puzzle. Never mind, Quark. I'll save the programme myself. (Sisko goes to get his rod from the console and gets zapped with energy.) Yes, everything does. Colours seem more intense and shapes more focused. Yes. Grandpa would be so proud of you. Oh, no, I'm fine. Why's that? We'll see. I suppose so. These shapes. I know what they are. [Holosuite] (They're the images on the side of the obelisk. Sisko has completed the missing fourth side.) Go ahead. I'll take it in here. Admiral. Never better. It's about time. Thank you. Major. I was there. B'hala. It was the eve of the Peldor Festival. I could hear them ringing the temple chimes. No, I was there. I could smell the burning bateret leaves, taste the incense on the wind. I was standing in front of the obelisk and as I looked up, for one moment I understood it all. B'hala, the Orbs, the occupation, the discovery of the wormhole, the coming war with the Dominion. For one moment, I could see the pattern that held it all together. Hell, I don't know what I had, but it felt wonderful. I wish I knew. Someone woke me up. I understand. If I found you in the middle of a pagh'tem'far, I'd be worried about you, too. Go ahead. Thank you, Chief. Major Kira will greet her at the airlock. Make my apologies. Tell the Kai that I am busy today but I'll meet with her tomorrow. Make something up. Right here. The answer is in this spire. I know it. [Airlock] Kasidy. Something wrong? What are you doing for the next few hours? Why don't you come to Bajor with me? I think I know where to find B'hala, the sacred lost city of Bajor. You see these markings here? They're a coordinate system keyed to mark the position of the stars at a certain time of night. You don't have the faintest idea what I'm talking about, do you? Well, why don't you come to Bajor and I will show you. You can have your old quarters, if you want them. Everything is just as you left it. I have some pull with the station's CO. I'm glad you're back. Now what do you say we go find B'hala? This way. (They walk along tunnels.) You're looking at twenty thousand years of sediment here. Come on, stay close. We're not far from It's nothing. I'll be all right in a second. Julian said that headaches might be a side effect of the accident. You're being negative again. Come on, it's just around the bend. B'hala. But what's behind the wall? (Sisko fires his phaser and the stone dissolves to reveal that they are looking down on the obelisk.) [Security office] Hello, Admiral. B'hala. You might say it came to me in a vision. I know it's hard to understand, but it really was a vision. For the past few days, I've had these moments of insight, flashes of understanding. You didn't come here to see B'hala, did you, Admiral? I'm sorry about that. Don't worry. I won't let you down. I can't go back to the station. Not just yet. Charlie, I just need a little more time. For answers. There's clarity here. I wish I could explain it better, but I can't. I'm a little scared too, Admiral. I'll be there. There's no need to worry. The katterpod harvest will be much better this year. (to another) You don't belong here. Go home. (A headache hits, hard.) I'm fine. Admiral. Your son. You can stop worrying about him. He forgives you. (Sisko goes into the Infirmary.) Cardassia. That's where it was going. The cloud. I was on Bajor. B'hala had been rebuilt. The people were in the streets, celebrating. But then a shadow covered the sun. We looked up and saw a cloud filling the sky. It was a swarm of locusts, billions of them. They hovered over the city, the noise was deafening, but just as quickly as they came, they moved on. Now I know where they were going. Cardassia. I don't know. But what do these locusts represent? And why Cardassia? This was no a dream. I guess I was too busy. How will that affect my visions? It is to me. Doctor? Then you can't do it. I understand that. But something is happening to me. Something extraordinary. I have to see it through. [Sisko's quarters] Don't you see? These visions are gifts. I can't refuse them. I remember the first time I held you in my hands. You were only a few minutes old and when I looked down at your face, it was almost as if I could see your whole life stretched out in front of you. All the joys it would bring, and the bruises. It was all there, hidden in that scrunched up little face. The baby that I'm holding in my hands now is the universe itself. And I need time to study its face. Come in. I am. Jake, it'll be all right. I love you. Both of you. [Ops] I'm ready. (A vicious headache hits him.) I have to. I need to bring the visions into focus, tie them together. I can't do it alone. I may not have time. I need to do this now. No! I have to tell them. Locusts. They'll destroy Bajor unless it stands alone. It's too soon! Bajor must not join the Federation. If it does, it will be destroyed. (And he collapses, having a fit.) [Infirmary] No. No! You took them away. I almost had it. Almost understood it all. Now it's gone. [Captain's office] (Sisko is looking at the scan of the picture on a wall monitor when the doorbell chimes.) Yes. I'm fine, Admiral. I can't do that. The visions may have faded, but everything I said, everything I did, still feels right. When I said that Bajor should wait before it joins the Federation, I have never felt so certain about anything in my life. I know. Admiral, for what it's worth, I wish things had turned out differently. But it's not over. One day Bajor will join the Federation. That I'm sure of. Both. What's this all about?
When did we receive this message? And you think that this is a threat against all the former members of the Shakaar resistance cell? Did anyone else receive this message? Agreed. I'm sorry about your friend. I'm sure they will. Keep me informed. [Replimat] They're running it through some kind of scrambler and using a phase-divergent carrier wave. Try to keep them talking. One of the members of your cell? I wish there was something I could say, Major. The Constable thinks otherwise. I thought you said that Trentin Fala wasn't a member of the Shakaar. Looks like her fears were well founded. [Promenade] (Just before Kira walks into the Temple.) How could someone get close enough to implant something behind someone's ear and not get caught? What are we dealing with here, a professional assassin? And once he drives his point home? Report. Casualties? Prepare the Defiant. I want to leave in ten minutes. See if we can pick up her ion trail. I know what the difficulties are. You have your orders. Dismissed. Merfadon? I take it this is our assassin? Sisko to Defiant.
A baby changeling? You were this small? Get on it. Are you sure it's no danger to us, Constable? Why would the Founders send such helpless creatures out into space? I see your point. How long before it is able to take humanoid form? Well, there's still a lot we don't know about your people. The changelings could provide Starfleet with invaluable information about the Dominion. Oh, I can't think of anyone better qualified. You might just want a little help. Maybe you should contact Doctor Mora? Well, he managed to find a way to communicate with you. He obviously knows what he's doing. It's your call. But it's always nice to have someone around to help change the diapers. How's it going, gentlemen? I'm glad to hear it. I was just talking with Starfleet Command. They want you to establish communication with the changeling as soon as possible. Better not be too long, otherwise Starfleet is going to want to take over the project. As long as you're making progress, there's nothing to worry about. Oh, by the way. Starfleet wants you to file daily reports for their review. Carry on. (Sisko leaves.)
Looking for a friend of mine. His name is Cing'ta. (A man looks up from his welding and points to a curtained off area.) [Chamber] (Rough furniture but no person visible.) Cing'ta? (Sisko reaches for his phaser, but a disrupter is put to his head.) Eddington. Is he dead? How merciful. You condemned him to a slow death. Now there's a subject you know a lot about. I will say the rest at your court-martial. You didn't leave Starfleet. If you had, I wouldn't be here. You betrayed Starfleet. You used your position as security chief to feed the Maquis information about us. And at the same time, you misled us with false information about them. There is a word for that. Treason. It's not that simple and you know it. These people don't have to live here like this. We've offered them resettlement. I'm not here to debate Federation policy with You know what I see out there, Mister Eddington? I see victims, but not of Cardassia or the Federation. Victims of you, the Maquis. You sold these people on the dream that one day they could go back to those farms, and schools, and homes, but you know they never can. And the longer you keep that hope alive, the longer these people will suffer. Go ahead, shoot me. Sisko to Defiant. Eddington just beamed out. Trace his transporter signal. Beam me aboard and lay in a pursuit course. All hands to battle stations. Commander. Maximum warp. How long until we're in firing range? Major? We need some help. What's the position of the starship Malinche? Perfect. Is the new holo-communicator ready? Always like to please the Chief. Open a channel to Captain Sanders on the Malinche. (A hologram of Sanders appears inside a marked area behind the Captain's chair.) Yes. And you? I'll try not to overstay my welcome but at the moment I need your help. We're in pursuit of a Maquis raider headed for the Badlands. Can you intercept? It's not what they did, it's who's in command. Michael Eddington. Captain, if you don't mind. Prepare to target the Maquis ship. I want to disable them but I want them alive. Send a security detachment to the Transporter room. Have them prepared to receive prisoners. Go to impulse. Raise shields. Not Eddington. He's up to something. Let's not give him a chance to make his move. Mister Worf, fire phasers. (And everything shuts down.) Report. Bridge to Engine room. Commander, get down there. Find out what's going on. (Worf leaves) Try to route the auxiliary controls through the (A hologram appears) You left a cascade virus in the Defiant's computers. I'll add it to the list of charges against you. I wish I could say the same. I don't need any lectures about Starfleet from you. And no matter what happens here today it's not over between us. Am I supposed to thank you? How long? We're not. How long? Get started. If there's any way you can speed things up. How long until you've eliminated all of Eddington's handiwork? Then check every system on the station. No. What word do you have from Starfleet Intelligence? What were the freighters carrying? That's not very valuable cargo. What would they want with it? Good. In the meantime, help Chief O'Brien get the Defiant back online. I want to get out there as soon as possible. (Sisko gestures Sanders to come in) What can I do for you, Captain? Oh, you mean you've been ordered to help me bring him in, don't you? Did they give you a reason? No, you're exactly right. I was fooled. But it won't happen again. Good hunting. The bad news is it won't do us any good. We're out of the game. But what the hell, right? You win some, you lose some. What can I say, old man? In twenty five years of duty, I have never been taken off an assignment until now. He worked under me for a year and a half. I saw him almost every day, read his reports, had him for dinner. I even took him to a baseball game in the holosuite once. And I never saw it. It's my job to be a good judge of character and what did I do? Not only did I not see it, I put him up for a promotion. He played me all right, and what is my excuse? Is he a changeling? No. Is he a being with seven lifetimes of experience? No. Is he a wormhole alien? No. He's just a man, like me. And he beat me! Good? What is it, Major? Report. What? Where's the Malinche? Eddington will be long gone. Enough to poison every Cardassian colony in the DMZ. There is another ship in the area. It's moored at docking bay three. (They all step onto the turbolift.) Defiant. [Engine room] What about the warp drive? What about communications? Stand easy. We may be going into a combat situation. Do think you're ready for that, Cadet? I'm glad to hear it. Report to the bridge. Do you have any good news, Chief? Let's be thankful for small favours. Prepare for departure. [Corridor] All right, say it. That I have lost all perspective. That I'm turning this into a vendetta between me and Eddington, and that I'm putting the ship, the crew and my entire career at risk, and if I had any brains at all I'd go back to my office, sit down and read Odo's crime reports. But that's what you were thinking, right? I don't know how to take that. Very well. Engine Room, stand by impulse power. Ops, seal the airlock and release docking clamps. Thrusters at station keeping. Helm, ease us out. Bring us about, old man. Engine Room. Helm control is sluggish. Re-align the navigational gyros. Helm, I hope you see that pylon. Engine Room. One quarter impulse power. Helm, lay in a course for the Badlands. Engine Room. Stand by for warp speed. Engine Room, increase speed to warp six as soon as possible. Well done, people. Mister Worf, I think we should start running battle drills. Helm, set intercept course. Engine room, three quarter impulse. Put him through. Well, well, Mister Eddington. I like to finish what I start. Thank you, but I've read it. Why don't you beam over and we'll discuss it. Ready weapons. Lock target. It's over, Eddington. Why don't you surrender your vessel and prepare to be boarded. He wanted to lure us here. Why? Helm, bring us about. Get us out of here. Engines at full impulse. Objection noted. Now get me more speed! How can we help you, Captain? Engine room, beam a damage control team to the Malinche. Tell them to take along a dozen micro-power relays. The sensor readings had been faked. It's not over. I appreciate it. Of course. Count on it. Odo, we need some good news around here. Tell me that you have some. And? What's it mean? And the music? So we're nowhere? So you think that Eddington is using the music as a signal for a rendezvous in the Breen system? And if anyone knows how to keep things cold, it's the Breen. Thank you, Odo. Mister Worf, do we have a series of sensor relays near Portas Five? Pull their sensor logs. I want to see who's been visiting the Breen system. Captain's log, supplemental. Odo's hunch has proven accurate. Our intelligence drones detected a Maquis freighter entering Portas Five three hours ago. The freighter was last seen headed into the Dorvan sector of the DMZ. [Bridge] Eddington isn't looking for a fight. That leaves only Quatal and Panora. A tempting target. Then Eddington will attack Quatal. He likes being unpredictable. (Later) Slow to impulse power. Full scan. Go after them. Full impulse. How long to intercept? Prepare to lock targets. Hard to port. Stick with this one, old man. Power to forward shields. Lock target. Fire! (Ka-BOOM!) Helm, bring us about. One more to go. More speed. Can we beam the crew off? How long do they have? Helm, bring us about. Prepare to engage tractor beam. Once our repair team is back onboard, release the tractor beam. The Cardassians can limp their way home in a day or two. You know it? Eddington compares me to one of the characters, Inspector Javert. A policeman who relentlessly pursues a man named Valjean, guilty of a trivial offence, and in the end Javert's own inflexibility destroys him. He commits suicide. He did that eight months ago. What strikes me about this book is that Eddington said that it's one of his favourites. Let's think about it. A Starfleet security officer is fascinated by a nineteenth century French melodrama, and now he's a leader of the Maquis, a resistance group fighting the noble battle against the evil Cardassians. Exactly. And you know what? Les Miserables isn't about the policeman. It's about Valjean, the victim of a monstrous injustice who spends his entire life helping people, making noble sacrifices for others. That's how Eddington sees himself. He's Valjean, he's Robin Hood, he's a romantic, dashing figure, fighting the good fight against insurmountable odds. Eddington is the hero of his own story. That makes me the villain. And what is it that every hero wants to do? That's part of it. Heroes only kill when they have to. Eddington could have killed me back in the refugee camp or when he disabled the Defiant, but in the best melodramas the villain creates a situation where the hero is forced to sacrifice himself for the people, for the cause. One final grand gesture. I think it's time for me to become the villain. [Bridge] Commander, prepare two quantum torpedoes. Have engineering attach a cargo pod with two hundred kilograms of trilithium to each torpedo. But what? I'm not planning to fire at any ships, Mister Worf. Major, what is the nearest Maquis colony. Helm, set a course for Solosos Three. Major, I want you to send the following message on all Maquis frequencies. To all the members of the Maquis resistance. This is Captain Sisko of the USS Defiant. In response to the Maquis's use of biogenic weapons in their recent attacks, I am about to take the following action. In exactly one hour, I will detonate two quantum torpedoes that will scatter trilithium resin in the atmosphere of Solosos Three. I thereby will make the planet uninhabitable to all human life for the next fifty years. I suggest evacuation plans begin immediately. What are you waiting for, people? Carry out your orders. (Later, orbiting Solosos Three.) Time? Commander Worf, prepare to fire torpedoes on my mark. That's exactly what I'm going to do. Am I? Commander, launch torpedoes. Commander, I said launch torpedoes! I've only just begun. I'm going to eliminate every Maquis colony in the DMZ. That's right. When you attacked the Malinche you proved one thing, that the Maquis have become an intolerable threat to the security of the Federation, and I am going intend to eliminate that threat. You should have thought about that before you attacked a Federation starship. (Sisko turns his back on the Eddington hologram) Helm, lay in a course for Tracken Two, warp six. Commander, prepare two more torpedoes. You betrayed your uniform! Major, shut that thing off! Commander Worf, prepare to launch torpedoes! Not enough. It's good to be back. Constable. I knew I'd forgotten to do something. That's what it takes to be a good villain.
One of our listening posts in the Gamma Quadrant picked this up a few minutes ago. None that we know of. If someone's sending coded Cardassian messages from the Gamma Quadrant, I want to know what they're saying. Now. You're right. Dax, get me Mister Garak. [Replimat] (A woman has been greeting Bashir, who is sitting with Tora Ziyal.) How do you know that the message isn't a fake? That it was really sent by Tain? Did the message contain any coordinates? I'm still not totally convinced that it's a genuine message. But I suppose there's only one way to find out. Maybe you can, but you're still not going alone. Doctor Bashir isn't going anywhere. But I do have someone else in mind. [Worf's cabin] (Worf is sharpening his bat'leth with a laser.) Remember, this is a reconnaissance mission. You are to avoid Dominion ships at all cost. I want you back in one piece. I want him back too. I don't suppose I have to tell you to keep a close eye on him. I assume that's a joke. What is it? Go on, Chief. Imminent? Notify Starfleet Command. Put the station on Yellow Alert. Make sure everyone knows this is not a drill. Major, I want you to take the Defiant into the Gamma Quadrant. Locate Mister Worf. Find out what the hell's going on there. Then get back here as soon as possible and God help us all. [Internment centre] (A sealed area on an asteroid.) Another listening post has gone dead, and the one closest to the wormhole is detecting an incoming ship. On screen. (WHOOSH) Put it through. Major, what have you find? A Dominion invasion of the Alpha Quadrant will affect Cardassia every bit as much as it's going to affect us. Besides, we need all the help we can get. The Dominion picked a perfect time to invade. The Cardassian fleet is in shambles, the Romulans are not much better off, and between the Klingon War and  the recent Borg attack, Starfleet's spread pretty thin. At maximum warp, two days. Right now, there's no way we can beat the Dominion. Our only hope is to prevent their fleet from entering the Alpha Quadrant. It's always been a final option. I'd hoped to never use it. History has shown whenever the Prophets want to communicate with Bajor, they find a way. It's either that or Bajor becomes the first Dominion target. You and Dax start working immediately. They have thirty six hours to find their way home. Let's hope they can make it. Dismissed. [Barracks] Which means the Dominion fleet is minutes away. Chief? If we're going to do this, it's got to be now. Activate graviton emitters. What happened? Battle stations. To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Major, you have new orders. I want you to find the Yukon and destroy it [Ops]
I've heard of it. It's a hologram designed to provide assistance during emergencies in Sickbay. The station facilities are Cardassian in origin. Most of our equipment is incompatible with Federation technology. Full time? You're not talking about replacing real doctors? I see. And they want to model this new EMH programme after Doctor Bashir. Who was the template for the EMH? Of course. This must be quite an honour. Doctor, my first officer, Major Kira, will see to all your needs. Congratulations, Doctor. I know I speak for everyone on the station when I say we're really very proud of you. Young, eager, ambitious. He was fresh out of medical school, looking forward to his first taste of frontier medicine. Sometimes he let that natural impulse override his sense of decorum. Seventeen parts per million. That's well within safety margins. Well, send them in. (Enter a man and a woman of clearly Middle Eastern heritage.) I'm Captain Benjamin Sisko. Welcome to Deep Space Nine. All too well, I'm afraid. You must be very proud of your son. We try. It was a pleasure to meet you both. Come in, Doctor. We were just talking about you. Admiral, allow me to introduce Doctor Julian Bashir. Doctor, this is Rear Admiral Bennett, Judge Advocate General. Your parents came to me this morning. They explained the situation about your genetic background. I contacted Admiral Bennett a short time ago. Take your time. (Sisko leaves the family alone.) [Airlock]
Where's Odo? He asked me to arrange a conference with Starfleet Intelligence at oh eight hundred. He's never late. A woman? That's nice. Isn't it? (Odo enters) Starfleet Intelligence is ready when you are. (Odo and Sisko got into the office.) How long was she undercover? With no memory of her former life as an intelligence agent? Why didn't you tell us what was going on when you found out Tauvid had been killed?
Not today, he isn't. (Sisko and Kira enter.) Let him go. Major, tell the Constable what you told me. I don't like it any more than you do. You better hope there isn't a next time, mister. I have cut you a lot of slack in the past. I even looked away once or twice when I could have come down hard on you. But those days are over. Now, we may not be able to get you for selling weapons but you so much as litter on the Promenade and I will nail you to the wall. (Sisko leaves.) Hello, Quark. That's because I'm dead. I hope it was worth it. You lose. Chief, why is the baby in the pit? Try. Yes. Chief, why don't you take off for a few days off until Keiko gets back? I think we can manage without you for that long. What I'm trying say is that keeping Kirayoshi in the pit is not an acceptable solution. Find another one. Yes, Chief? Very well. And then I want him out of there. Don't you people have work to do? [Dax's quarters] (Quark has brought the tongo wheel.) You're facing some serious charges here, Quark. Incitement to riot, endangering the public safety, disregard It fell through, all right. Hagath and Gaila barely managed to get off the station alive. I wouldn't count on seeing your former business partners again. What about the Regent's death? A purification squad caught up with him this morning. Twenty eight million and one. That depends. This is what it's going to cost to repair the cargo bay. That much. Works for me. [Dax's quarters]
Begin Captain's log, stardate Go ahead. Put him through. Still calling yourself Gul? I'm surprised you haven't promoted yourself back to Legate by now. How about Dominion Puppet? You can justify yourself later, Dukat. I'm a busy man. And if we do? I will take your request under advisement. But considering the Federation doesn't recognise your government, and that Cardassia has never agreed to an extradition treaty with Bajor or the Federation, you shouldn't get your hopes up. [Ghemor's quarters] (Ghemor is cradling Kirayoshi.) I hate to sound callous, but we have a tremendous opportunity here. Ghemor is basically volunteering to give us more intelligence on Cardassia than we've been able to gather in five years. It's quite a responsibility he's handing you. Maybe. But Ghemor just doesn't want to be debriefed. He wants someone to talk to. Someone to be with until the end. Are you up to it? It's a good start. Starfleet Intelligence will be very pleased. You look tired. You should get some rest. Status report. Red Alert. All crewmembers report to battle stations. On screen. Gul Dukat. What's the meaning of this? We've met. I saw you die. Immortality. Dukat, you said you wanted to talk to me. Now is your chance. To attend his own execution. I don't think he would agree with you. I thought we should talk. I realise I haven't been much of a host. (He has brought a bottle of kanar, and glasses. They go to a table under the watchful gaze of Security.) Here, have some kanar. I insist. In this case, that's something of an understatement. Because in that bottle is enough voraxna poison to kill at least a dozen Cardassians. It was delivered to Tekeny Ghemor less than twenty minutes ago. What's wrong, Dukat? Are you afraid Ghemor's going to say something that might undermine your cosy new position? Is that what I'm doing? Especially when you're working with the Cardassians. You can keep the kanar, Dukat. Ghemor won't be drinking it. [Promenade] (Odo is pacing as Kira leaves the shrine.) You wanted to see me? You must be very relieved. I'm surprised to hear you say that. That's very moving, except for one small problem. It never happened. I'm afraid that's going to be impossible. Legate Ghemor's funeral arrangements have already been taken care of. [Bajoran resistance] (Kira has buried Ghemor next to her father.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Constable, release General Martok. Mister Worf, tell the General that this is not a Klingon space station. If he can't abide by the regulations, I'm sure Chancellor Gowron will send us someone who can. Constable? Do you hear that? (Behind a pillar, Rom is working and crying.) Rom, are you all right? I'm sorry. Carry on. [Promenade - upper level]
I told the General that I'm inclined to grant his request for your services, Commander. I can certainly understand why he wants you along. You're a fine officer. But I'm not sure why you want to go on this mission. Oh? You didn't put that in your mission report. Go on. You mean you didn't want to go back into the ring. Of what? As of this moment you are be relieved of all Starfleet obligations and placed on detached service to the Imperial Klingon Defence Forces. Mister Worf. Q'apla!
No, thanks. I'm trying to cut down. Dax. Are you sure it's safe to pass through the interference? All right, we'll make a quick survey. But if all we detect is some fungus, we're not beaming down. All right, old man, take us in. (It's bumpy.) Are you all right? Doctor Bashir to the Bridge. Smooth sailing. On screen. You know my name. Would one of you mind telling us what's going on? The one? That'll do. Thank you. Forty eight? Obviously we need to get Kira back to the station for treatment as soon as we can repair the Defiant. I don't quite know how to say this, but now that we know about the accident that sent the ship back in time, we should be able to avoid it. Go on. (Temporal amplification simulation 73205 on a wall monitor.) What do you think? Dax, I want a full evaluation as soon as possible. If the plan is sound, start making the modifications immediately. Anything for you, old man. [Sickbay] (Kira is on a bed and Odo is in a perspex bucket.) You think so? You think so? Go ahead. Did you hear that? Yes. Everything's going to be all right. [Engine room] (They can hear the baby's happy gurgles.) Oh, yes, you could say that. Nice catch. Dax. What are you getting at? Why would he do that? So that history would repeat itself. What do you think? You think I don't care? Oh, come on, you know me better than that. What am I supposed to do, recreate the accident and deliberately maroon my crew? I'm not going to stand here and argue philosophy with you. I have a duty to protect my people. Who are you to decide who lives or dies? Who are you to make that call? I'm not denying that. I wish there was a way we could help you, but my people have the right to go home to their families. And I will not ask Kira to sacrifice her life for eight thousand people, for eight million. No one has the right to ask that. I'm sorry, old man, but there is nothing I can do. [Town square] (Evening, and children are playing catch nearby.) I want to go home as much as you do, Chief. I'm just listening to what everyone has to say. No, we're not. Major, you've made your position clear. All right, people. Dismissed. [Town square] (Sunrise on the final day.) Whoa. Gabriel, where are you going in such a hurry? She's an O'Brien, all right. Better get to it, Chief. (Sisko hands over his trowel. Worf and the Sons of Mogh arrived.) Is something wrong? What? Has everyone had a chance to record a message to their families? Launch the probe, Chief. Transfer helm control to autopilot. Raise shields. Try to override the autopilot. What happened? Scan the surface. Whoever changed our flight plan knew their way around the computer system. They bypassed our security protocols without leaving a trace. Or someone who used to be. Seeing us again. Perhaps he decided he couldn't let us go through with it. They existed. As long as we remember them, they always will. [Kira's cabin] (Kira is lying on her bunk when the doorbell rings.)
My plan is to go into the Badlands, find the launch site, and deactivate those missiles. The Defiant would just attract unwanted attention. Don't worry, Major. I'm not alone. (Michael Eddington is not a happy handcuffed bunny) [Runabout]
Can you replicate a new one? I'm sure he'd jump at the chance to help us. Any other ideas? Empok Nor? What about Dominion activity in the area? Sounds like you should take a Cardassian along. [Airlock]
What I want is to talk about something else. Chief, what about Kirayoshi? Is he walking yet? Odo, I understand you're going to Bajor next week. Do you plan to see Doctor Mora? It was my pleasure. Goodnight, everyone. (They leave, except a large figure closely examining an African artefact.) Mister Worf? You've been paroled. The party's over. Don't bother. I'll clean up the rest up later. I want to be alone for a while. Go on. Go ahead. Acknowledged. [Quark's] Come in. (Kira escorts Winn in while her two aides wait outside, on guard.) Welcome back to Deep Space Nine, your Eminence. A walk? Something wrong, Eminence? Ah. Kandra Vilk. I believe she moved to a neutral world near the Coridan system about two months ago. Forgive me Eminence, but I have a very busy day ahead of me. To what end? I'm concerned. The Dominion is notorious for its political intrigue. For once I am in complete agreement with you. You have my word I will do whatever it takes to safeguard Bajor. I wish I could say the same. No it's not. But before you twist that into a compliment, let me be blunt. I don't like the Dominion, I don't like what it stands for, and I don't like you. So let's dispense with the hollow pleasantries and stick to business. They're trying to split Bajor from the Federation. Even though you're not a member of the Federation, Starfleet is committed to the protection of your world. We're not going to stand idly by and watch the Dominion conquer Bajor. I can't make that kind of promise. And if you ally yourselves with the Dominion, you risk becoming the next conquered world. You want my advice? Then this is it. Stall. Tell Weyoun you have to consult with the Council of Ministers, or that you have to meditate on your response. Anything you want, but you have to stall for time. I don't know. But I do know the moment of crisis isn't here yet, and until that moment arrives we have to keep Bajor's options open. I'm aware that this is difficult for you, given our past, but this time you have to trust me. (Winn holds Sisko's left ear.) You accused the Kai of burglary and kidnapping? Oh, I see. You just implied it. Are you trying to be funny, Cadet? Because I'm not laughing. I want an explanation and I want it now. As you were, Cadet! Drunk. I see that my faith in the two of you has sadly been misplaced. You both are confined to quarters until further notice. Dismissed! [Ops]
You don't have an hour, old man. The Dominion is going to be here in less than twenty minutes. You're going to be a sitting duck. Had to do. But this war isn't over yet. I want you to know while we were keeping the Dominion occupied, a Starfleet-Klingon task force crossed the border into Cardassia [Promenade]
I'm not blaming Jake. But he's not a child anymore. He's responsible for his own actions.
Tell the Admiral we're on our way. Once again, thank you for rescuing us, General. Are you a betting man, General? Then a barrel of bloodwine says that I set foot on Deep Space Nine before you do.
Garak, where are those ships now? Dax, there's a dark matter nebula sixty degrees above the bow. Can we reach it? Dax, get us into the nebula. Full impulse! (But Dax's console blows up, throwing her back and bringing down a girder.) Sisko to Bashir. Medical emergency. Mister Garak, take a look outside. Chief, what happened? Mister Garak? Heave! One more now. Heave! All right. How is she? What? What? You tore your pants? (Hysteria sets in.) Madam, your pants are ready. Your boots and vest will take a little longer. While you wait, I might suggest that you browse through the hotel's gift shop. I will make a note of that. What's the prognosis? Lucky for you they have twenty four hour room service. (Laughter hurts.) I will get you out of here, old man. I promise. What about draining one of our phasers? That's where I'd be. Are they Jem'Hadar? Well, let's not make it easy for them. Tell the Chief to head for that large outcropping of rocks at ten o'clock. Walk, not run. (Neeley catches up with O'Brien.) Looks that way. That's a good question. Let's hope the answer is something in our favour. Cease fire. [Jem'Hadar cavern] We'll set up three defensive positions. You and Ensign Gordon on the south ridge, Lieutenant Neeley near the lava tube, Bashir and I are in the dunes. Go ahead. I'm Captain Benjamin Sisko. Why do you need a doctor? And why me? Sounds like he wants to trade two low-ranking prisoners for two more valuable ones. Would you make a deal like that? Then why should I? You're not a very good negotiator, are you. I see. Well then, I want to talk to someone who can negotiate. I want to speak with your First. I take it there's no Second either. Under the Vorta. It must be hard for a soldier to take orders from a Vorta. Obedience Brings Victory. I was on a mission with the Jem'Hadar once. Before the war, of course. They were good. Tough, professional. It was an honour to serve with them. But their Vorta, he was something different. Manipulative, treacherous, trusted by neither side. In the end, he was killed by the Jem'Hadar First. Surprised? Oh, you mean like a unit marooned on the shores of a deserted planet? The word of a Vorta carries very little weight with me. Can I have your assurance that we'll be free to go, Remata'Klan? Very well. We'll make the trade in one hour. You can't break through all that Dominion conditioning in just one conversation. I don't know. But there were at least seven Jem'Hadar soldiers up on that ridge this morning. Say at least two more at their base camp guarding the prisoners and their Vorta. Without Nog and Mister Garak on our side, that gives them almost a two to one advantage. So would I, old man. [Shoreline] Are you two all right? Now? How was the show? Why are you telling us this? You still haven't answered my question. Why are you doing this? And when they've reached this point, we'll have them in a crossfire. This isn't a vote. The decision's mine. And Mister Garak is right. We are at war. Given the choice between us or them, there is no choice. Let's move out. Say it anyway, old man. I'm still hoping there's another way out of this. Remata'Klan! I want to talk! There's no way out of this canyon and we have phasers locked on every one of you. To fight a battle under these circumstances would serve no purpose. I'm prepared to offer terms. Hear me out. I know that need more Ketracel White. My doctor can sedate your men and keep them alive until we're rescued. After that, we can put you into medical stasis until we secure a new supply. Keevan's betrayed you! He gave us your entire plan of attack last night. You knew? You can still stay one step ahead. Surrender. Keevan doesn't deserve the unwavering loyalty you're giving him. Do you really want to give up your life for the order of things? All the wrong things. Chief, get this. Take him back to base camp and then get to work on that comm. system. Lieutenant Neeley. Form a burial detail.
Where did you get your hands on Saurian Brandy? Take a good look at this, people. It says something about this ship. It says that we will fight and we will keep on fighting until we can't fight anymore. You don't just throw something like this away. Admiral. Just a little ritual we fell into. Kind of helps the crew unwind. Thank you, sir. But you didn't come here to tell me that, did you? I've noticed that. That's how they've managed to stay one step ahead of us. Gladly, sir. You'll have it. [Quark's cafe] (Kira and Rom are observing the bar area.) according to Intelligence, the array is capable of detecting cloaked ships as far away as two light years. By the time the Defiant goes around the Argolis Cluster, the Dominion will already know we were coming. That's why we need to have the element of surprise on our side. It's the only way. That I take the Defiant through the Argolis. That's exactly what the Dominion thinks. But if we come at them from the Argolis, they wouldn't know what hit them. Dax says she can navigate around the gravimetric distortions. She's studied proto-star clusters, she knows what to look for. It's a gamble, but it's one I'm willing to take. As soon as we finished repairs on the Defiant. Admiral, you wanted to see me? Sounds like it's not going to be easy to find someone to take her place. Sir? Thank you, sir. Immediately, sir? What about the Argolis mission? Oh, absolutely, sir. I guess I'd just gotten used to the idea of commanding the mission myself. Not a last look, I hope. How are the repairs coming? I wouldn't get too comfortable in that chair, old man. When this war is over, I'm going to want my ship back. Very good. You'll do fine. (Sisko watches Defiant leave from an office window.) [Quark's] (Morn is still in position, still drinking, when Damar enters.) None. Mister Worf, I know this is difficult for you. Dax'll bring her home. Besides, there's no way she's going to miss her own wedding. As soon as I hear something, I'll let you know. Not tonight, Mister Worf. Not tonight. (Transmission ends. Ross is passing, sees Sisko and enters.) Admiral. I know. I was just waiting to see if there is any news. I will be. Admiral, you can order me to my quarters, but there's no way I'm going to sleep. Not as long as the Defiant is out there. Don't ask where he got it. The best.
I know that. I couldn't agree with you more. I already have. In fact, I'm presenting a plan to Starfleet Command at oh eight hundred tomorrow. We're going to retake Deep Space Nine. [Mess hall] By putting together a task force comprised of elements from the Second, Fifth and Ninth fleets, I believe that we can retake Deep Space Nine, the most important piece of real estate in the quadrant. And it will divert their forces and slow their advance into Federation territory. Which will give us a chance to be on the offensive for a change. What's that, Admiral? The Dominion won't attack Earth. Because Earth isn't the key to the Alpha Quadrant. The wormhole is. And whoever controls Deep Space Nine controls the wormhole. [Quark's] (Quark is reading a PADD) Gentlemen, this mission cannot succeed without the involvement of the Klingon Defence Forces. Then you will have to change his mind. Starfleet Command had the same concerns about Earth. But after careful consideration, they decided it was worth the risk. Gentlemen, I need those ships. I've known the courier for five years. I trust him. Then I suggest we go without them. Looks like we go without them too. We've run out of time, Admiral. We take the ships we have, fight our way to Deep Space Nine and destroy that anti-graviton emitter. It's our only hope. Thank you. My father says you can never have too much good luck. And he makes a fierce jambalaya. Ancient Bajoran texts. Guidance, insights, loopholes. I'll take anything I can get. That I have a long way to go before I can make any sense of their prophecies. That would be a change. Spend a week or two down on Bajor. Visit the Dakeen Monastery. Nice? That hardly describes it at all. There are parts of the Eastern Province that are like Eden itself. Lush green valleys covered in wild flowers that seem to spring up overnight. Hundreds of small, crystal clear ponds interconnected by waterfalls. I don't plan to say goodbye. I plan to build a house on Bajor. I will go wherever they send me, but when I go home, it will be to Bajor. [Defiant Corridor] (Nog is in a proper uniform, Engineering gold.) Ensign, alert all ships. We're moving out. Tell them to drop back and make repairs. Bring up the Sarek to take its place. How large? Ensign, on screen. Maximum magnification. To all ships, this is Captain Sisko. Assume attack formation Delta two. There's an old saying, fortune favours the bold. Well, I guess we're about to find out. To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
The Dominion won't attack Earth. Because Earth isn't the key to the Alpha Quadrant. The wormhole is. And whoever controls Deep Space Nine controls the wormhole. We take the ships we have, fight our way to Deep Space Nine and destroy that anti-graviton emitter. It's our only hope. There's an old saying, fortune favours the bold. Well, I guess we're about to find out. And now the conclusion. [Bridge] Forget the Klingons. Our job is to get to Deep Space Nine and prevent the Dominion reinforcements from coming through the wormhole, and that's what we're going to do. Attack fighters, tactical pattern Theta. Concentrate your fire on the Cardassian ships, and then split off into squadrons and run like hell. Sisko to attack fighters. Prepare to engage on my command. Attack fighters full impulse. Fire at will. (And so it begins. The battle continues during the opening titles.) Ensign, send in the second wave. Tell them to keep targeting the Cardassians. Mister O'Brien, have Destroyer units two and six move in closer. They need more cover fire. And tell Captains Diego and Reynolds to stay alert. They may try to outflank us. [Ops] (Dukat and co are watching the battle on the Ops table.) Have we? I see them. It is also an opportunity and we may not get another one. Ensign, have Galaxy wings nine one and nine three engage those destroyers. All other ships, head for that opening. Anyone who gets through doesn't stop until they reach Deep Space Nine. (In they go, Galaxy-class firepower helping make the gap wide enough for the Defiant and her companions.) The Magellan and the Venture are supposed to be protecting our starboard flanks. They're in too tight. Ensign, tell fighter squadrons six, seven and eight to Can you clear it? Evasive manoeuvres, pattern Omega. We're going through. (Defiant weaves between the big Cardassian ships, pursued by Jem'Hadar fighters.) Can you shake the other three? Auxiliary power to weapons. We're going to fight our way out of this. (KaBOOM, KaBOOM, KaBOOM as the Klingons arrive.) On screen. I'm just glad you could join us, Commander. Dax, can you get us through? Any other ships make it? We only have three hours before the minefields are detonated. Set a course for Deep Space Nine. Maximum warp. [Ops] Dax, what's our ETA? Take us into the wormhole. Full stop. Chief, divert all power to forward shields and weapons. On screen. Maximum magnification. (Here comes the enemy fleet, but no more than three abreast in the narrow tunnel.) Lock phasers. Prepare to launch quantum torpedoes. [Limbo] Why have you brought me here? Show yourselves. What do you want? [Promenade] I didn't ask to come here. [Captain's office] What game? I don't understand. [Wardroom] The game? You mean my life? Is that what this is about? You don't want me to die? [Captain's office] Believe me, I don't want to die, but I have to do everything I can to prevent the Dominion from conquering the Alpha Quadrant. If that means sacrificing my life and the life of my crew, so be it. [Quark's] I'm flattered you feel that way, but it doesn't change anything. Now send me back to my ship. [Bridge] This isn't what I meant. I want to return to my reality. I am also a Starfleet captain. I have a job to do and I intend to do it. You're damn right I'm adversarial. You have no right to interfere with my life. [Ops] Fine. You want to interfere, then interfere. Do something about those Dominion reinforcements. The hell they don't. What about Bajor? You can't tell me Bajor doesn't concern you. You've sent the Bajorans orbs and Emissaries. You've even encouraged them to create an entire religion around you. You even told me once that you were of Bajor. So don't you tell me you're not concerned with corporeal matters. I don't want to see Bajor destroyed. Neither do you. But we all know that's exactly what's going to happen if the Dominion takes over the Alpha Quadrant. You say you don't want me to sacrifice my life? Well, fine, neither do I. You want to be gods, then be gods. I need a miracle. Bajor needs a miracle. Stop those ships. What path is that? [Bridge] (Back to reality.) Fire on my command. Steady, people. Make every shot count. Wherever they went, I don't think they're coming back. (The ultimate Deus ex Machina cop-out.) [Ops] Let them go. We're in no shape to stop them. Tell the Cortez and the rest of our fleet to rendezvous at Deep Space Nine. [Promenade] (Dukat stumbles along, searching for Ziyal.) Jake-o. Good to see you, Constable. It's good to see you all. We'll drink it together. So, where's Major Kira? Maybe Doctor Bashir can do something for him.
Morning. Good morning. Morning, Major. Do you know how much I missed hearing you say that. I can imagine. What's on the agenda? Anything else? Ah. I'll start with the General. Have I mentioned that it's good to be home? I had a pretty good idea. No. In fact, I recommended you for the position myself. Allow me to offer my congratulations to the new Supreme Commander of the Ninth Fleet. You're welcome. May I arrange quarters for you on the station? I don't see any problem with that. He's the only officer I know who can never get enough work. I haven't met Worf's son yet. What's he like? Count me in. I wonder what Dax will be doing while we're travelling down Kal'Hyah? Your wife? [Airlock] Welcome to Deep Space Nine. I trust that this combat is non-lethal? Fast? What are the other five trials? Not me. What do you think you're doing? It's back on. Quark, take it all away. No food for those on the path to Kal'Hyah. Where is she? I'll go talk to her. Just keep them away from the food. [Dax's quarters] (Dax is displacing her anger by rearranging items on a shelf.) Curzon negotiated the Accords. And I've got news for you, old man. You're not Curzon anymore. It means that you can't expect Sirella to treat you like Curzon just because you carry his memories. To her, you're just a young woman who decided to marry into her family. If it means you have to bow down and kiss her boots, that's exactly what you have to do. And you knew that. The moment you decided to marry Worf, you knew that sooner or later you'd have to bow down and show her the respect that she's due. Well, he may have let this wedding business go to his head, but you are three hundred fifty six years old. Compared to you, Worf is just a kid. And if you can't abide by Klingon traditions, then you never should have let yourself fall in love with him in the first place. And you are in love with him. You know, that is what I have always loved about you. And I think that's why Worf loves you, too. I grew up.
What is it? From where? What do you want? Security, we have a hostage situation. Clear a path to landing pad A. Authorisation Sisko seven one green. Your runabout's waiting. If you hurt her you will never leave this station, I promise you that. Now let me get this straight, Major. You're refusing to press charges. I suppose we should just send him back where he came from. I know what you're going through, Major. When I met the other Jennifer Sisko it was very confusing, to say the least. I knew she wasn't my wife, but sometimes she would smile at me a certain way and then the light would hit her eyes, and it was my Jennifer. At least, that's what I wanted to believe. But you still feel this connection with him that you can't explain, don't you? Good. Just make sure it doesn't become one. [Promenade] (Bareil is getting curious looks from passing Bajorans.)
Perhaps they waited too long. You're right. It's not quite fair. But even so, it seemed like a good way to discourage genetic tampering. Well, does anyone care to speculate about what Gul Damar is going to say in his speech? Roll out the red carpet. Starfleet has decided to listen to what Damar has to say. He and Weyoun will be arriving in the morning. I am the lucky one who gets the chance to sit across the table from them. You can do better than that. The Dominion has insisted on recording the proceedings so that everyone can see that their desire for peace is sincere. Chemistry was never my strong suit. What is it? I was going to recommend that the Federation accept the proposed border. It could have cost us the Alpha Quadrant. Why is that? You're suggesting we stall? The Romulans? Hang on a minute, Doctor. How'd you come up with all this? Two days ago you said these people were impossible to deal with, now they're turning out projections that it would take Starfleet Intelligence months to come up with. All right, Doctor. Go ahead. Just a minute, Doctor. Why don't we go back to the beginning and take me through this step by step, nice and easy. Surrender to the Dominion. Not on my watch. But that doesn't mean we should just give up and roll over. I don't accept it. Your entire argument is based on a series of statistical probabilities and assumptions. Even if I knew with a hundred percent certainty what was going to happen, I wouldn't ask an entire generation of people to voluntarily give up their freedom. Surrender is not an option. Now I'm happy to hear your group's advice on how to win this war, but I don't need your advice on how to lose it. I don't care if the odds are against us. If we're going to lose, then we're going to go down fighting so that when our descendents some day rise up against the Dominion someday, they'll know what they're made of. All right, Doctor. You've made your recommendation. I'll pass it on to Starfleet Command. I'm counting on it.
May I help you, gentlemen? It looks that way. [Corridor] Don't thank me, thank Major Kira. She's the one that convinced me to talk to Starfleet on your behalf. Breaking you out of the station's holding cell is one thing. What you're planning to do is considerably more dangerous. If you say so.
How are you? They told me the same thing. In the Federation, you're innocent till proven guilty. I haven't seen all the charges. I'm trying to be fair. You won't be tried until the war is over. Your appearance before the special jury is just a formality. I will tell them what I know. Not really. I never got a chance to tell you how sorry I am about Ziyal. I told him I wanted to offer my condolences. It's all right. Well, we should be arriving at Starbase six two one by noon tomorrow. I'll see you at the arraignment. Ziyal was a very special young woman. It was a pleasure to have her with us, even if it was only a short time. Is there anything I can get for you? I'll see what I can do. (Boom. Red alert.) Dukat? We were in the brig and the ship went to Red Alert. I was heading to Engineering. Where's McConnell? Any other survivors? Whose signal are you transmitting? Starfleet or the Dominion? Fair enough. Did you do this? You did plenty. Thank you. You could have left me behind. Why didn't you? Is that breakfast? Morning. What's it like outside? Too much. Pardon me. A little better. Last night? Now that you mention it I remember waking up and I was feeling a little dizzy. Oh, I'm sorry. Let's change the subject. I'm not in much of a joking mood. I will laugh when a Federation starship arrives and puts you back in a cell. What? Needs salt. There's probably some in one of the ration packs. They're all fine. And no, they don't miss you. Pepper. If you only want me to tell you what you want to hear, just say so. They told me Weyoun didn't give you much of a choice. Are you going to put that in my soup? Better. Do you really care what I think? Dukat, we're not old friends. You saved my life and I'm grateful, but that's as far as it goes. (Dukat suddenly looks across the cavern again.) You keep hearing something. Are you sure there's nothing out there? I wanted to get some water out of the kit. Thanks. Anything out there? I think something's wrong with the comm. system. It was beeping a second ago. It might need recalibrating. If you open up the casing, you'll be able to run a full diagnostic. Better safe than sorry. That's all I wanted to know. Ship's log, supplemental. We have picked up a total of twelve Honshu survivors so far, but there is still no sign of Captain Sisko. We have less than twelve hours before we must abandon the search. [Cavern] (Sisko is working on the comm. unit while Dukat is away. He uses pieces of bent metal to get at a chip, then it switches off completely.) Damn. (He taps it, and it comes back on again, System online. Transmitting distress signal.) [Bridge] I don't remember. Is it still dark out? Looks like you're planning on a long stay. Just fine, thank you. I don't think there's any point in discussing this. I wasn't there during the occupation. I didn't see all the things you had to struggle with day after day. I don't think I can pass judgement. All right. I think you're right. You have been judged unfairly. I've judged you unfairly. But I think you probably had good reasons for everything you did on Bajor. You were a soldier and you had to carry out your orders. Dukat. Dukat! I thought you wanted to talk to me. Maybe we should just ignore her. Let's pretend that the Major's not even here. [Bridge] There's no reason to get upset. We're just talking. Two old soldiers talking around a campfire. Just like all your victims. What the hell do you want from me? My approval? Is that what this is all about? You want me to give you my permission to cause more suffering and death? Well, if that's what you're after, you might as well pull out that phaser and end this right now because I will never give it to you! What do you know about the truth? You bend the truth into whatever shape suits you. All right. You really want to do this? Here? Now? Okay. Okay, let's do it. You were Prefect of Bajor during the occupation. True or false? And you were responsible for everything that happened under your command. True or false? So that means that you are responsible for the murder of over five million Bajorans on your watch. True or false! Evidence? Oh believe me, you have my undivided attention. Now let me get this straight. You're not responsible for what happened during the occupation, the Bajorans are. So, why do you think they didn't appreciate this rare opportunity you were offering them? And you hated them for it. You should have killed them all. And that is why you're not an evil man. [Planet surface] (Sisko totters out of the cavern and into the violent winds. An electrical storm reveals the shuttlecraft and Sisko heads for it.) [Shuttle] (Sisko closes the ramp but Dukat leaps on board just in time. Sisko tries to fight one-handed but loses. Dukat opens the ramp again and points the phaser at Sisko.) Do it! (Instead, Dukat throws him outside.) [Planet surface] No, they won't. You know, old man, sometimes life seems so complicated. Nothing is truly good or truly evil. Everything seems to be a shade of grey. And then you spend some time with a man like Dukat and you realise that there is really such a thing as truly evil. I'll tell you what I'm not going to do. I'm not going to let him destroy Bajor. I fear no evil. From now on, it's him or me. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Turn it off. We just got word. Morn's cargo ship was caught in an ion storm. Excuse me, Quark. (Quark is resting against the bosom of a dabo girl.) I'm sorry to intrude, but I thought you should know. I unsealed Morn's will. He left everything to you. That's right.
Major, are you laughing at our investigation of this subspace anomaly? On screen. Go ahead, Rubicon. I wish were with you, old man. Good luck, Rubicon. Thank you, Ensign. Mister Worf. Poem? Well, what have you got so far? This could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship. Return fire, Mister Worf. Ensign, pull the Rubicon out of there. (Boom!) I'm not going to leave them in there if I can help it. Mister Worf, go down to auxiliary control and target the phasers manually. Report. Everybody settle. First of all, we don't know what happened to the Rubicon. For all we know they got out of the anomaly on their own. If they did, they're headed home and in much better shape than we are. So let's hold off on analysing our mistakes for now. Restoring warp power might not be so simple for them. It took us a week just to learn how to pilot one of their ships. We might have a chance to retake the Defiant, but we can't do anything unless we can get out of this room. Suggestions? (Ixtana'Rax enters.) Everybody sit tight. I'll be back. [Runabout Rubicon] You didn't bring me here to say thank you. I'm glad the two of you worked that out. Now, what makes you think I'm going to help you? I can't do this job alone. I'm going to need some of my crew. You have the weapons. Are you afraid you can't handle a few unarmed prisoners? Okay. I'm in no hurry to reach a Dominion prison camp. if you want me to teach your men how to repair the warp drive, that's fine with me. We'll begin with primary command and control systems. That should take about six hours. Then we will move up to basic engineering theory for a class seven warp drive. Then I'm a prisoner. I have no intention Then it is a pity for you that you are not the First. What happened? What do you believe? Because I told him to. Maybe not on Dominion ships, but I'll need to use the display to monitor warp plasma stability. Pardon me. (Defiant dodges between a Jem'Hadar's legs and hides behind a tool box.) Why? Stalling? Your Second is the one who's slowing down the work. He countermands my orders, arbitrarily reassigns my crew. I can't get any work done in here. Any luck, Ensign? Yes. I'll destroy the ship. Not good. You'll have to find another problem. In a battle of wits between you and him, I'll bet on you every time. Plant a computer virus in the warp plasma subprocessor. Set it to cause a core breach once the ship reaches warp one. We've got trouble. They're cross-checking the diagnostic protocols. Not yet. [Optronic circuitry] (O'Brien heaves a cable into a socket. Bashir is trying to force another one.) Well done. What we need now is a diversion before they go to warp. I'm flooding all compartments except the engine room with anesthesine gas. Major, get that virus out of the computer before somebody on the bridge engages the warp drive. He should've listened to you and killed me when he had the chance. Mister Worf, I think your wife is here. (Rubicon hovers in front of Worf and Dax blows him a kiss.) Captain's log, supplemental. After completing repairs, we were able to return to the anomaly and successfully restore our runabout and its crew to their normal size. The surviving Jem'Hadar have been transferred to a Federation POW camp. [Quark's]
The Cortez was a fine ship. I introduced him to his wife. I guess we popped the champagne cork too soon, hey? Everyone thought the war was over when we retook the station and pushed the Dominion back into Cardassian space. A lot of good that did the four hundred people on the Cortez. (Door opens.) Look, Dad, I know I haven't been very good company the last few days. Well, you certainly picked an interesting time to take your first trip away from Earth. Sometimes it certainly feels that way. Dad I don't know how much more I can take. I don't know how many more friends I can lose. Every time I achieve a real victory, something like this happens and everything seems to turn to ashes. Maybe it's time for me to step down, let someone else make the tough calls. But he's not here, and that's the whole point. Who was that? [Ops] Where'd he go? The man who just walked by my door. I could've sworn. [Corridor] I realise that, but the Dominion is getting bolder and bolder, and your freighter is no match for a Jem'Hadar attack ship. You're really not worried, are you? I think I follow that logic. What? Who was that? I think so. What happened? You mean when I was having those visions about Bajor? Is that absolutely necessary? How long was I out? I'm okay. I wish you could stay longer. The only thing I can do. Stay here and finish the job I started. And if I fail I've never known you to quote from the Bible. I suppose it did. But I have begun to wonder. What if it wasn't a dream? What if this life we're leading, all of this, you and me, everything. What if all this is the illusion? I know, I know. But maybe, just maybe, Benny isn't the dream, we are. Maybe we're nothing more than figments of his imagination. For all we know, at this very moment, somewhere far beyond all those distant stars, Benny Russell is dreaming of us. (Benny is Sisko's reflection in the window.)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Sorry, I can't discuss the Chief's whereabouts. You know, I wouldn't surprise me if Major Kira or Commander Worf came in here demanding answers. But you? It's not your style. I'm not buying it, Doctor. You didn't come in here to complain. You came in here because you are worried about your friend and you want me to set your mind at ease. I wish I could. But if it helps, I will tell you this. The Chief can take care of himself about as well as anyone I know.
What's the word? Lasaran's dead. Starfleet Intelligence intercepted a transmission saying that he'd been killed trying to re-enter the base at Soukara. Could you have made the rendezvous? Yet you turned back to save Jadzia? Were you aware that the information that man had could have saved millions of lives? So what happened? Try me, sir. As your captain, it is my duty to tell you that you made the wrong choice. I don't think Starfleet will file any formal charges. Even a secret court martial would run the risk of revealing too much about their intelligence operations. But this will go into your service record, and to be completely honest, you probably won't be offered a command on your own after this. I have also issued new orders. You and Jadzia are not to be assigned to a mission on your own ever again. And one last thing. As a man who had a wife, if Jennifer had been lying in that clearing I wouldn't have left her either. [Surgery] (Worf is holding Dax's hand when she wakes.)
A transmission from Dukat? This is the first I've heard of it. Why not? What did he want? You don't believe him, do you? Well, Gul Dukat is a very resourceful man. I'm sure he knows a lot about your family, about all of our families. That may not be possible. Major. Excuse me? Let me get this straight. You want to travel back in time to see if Dukat and your mother were lovers? Major, the Federation has very strict regulations And if they do send you back, what then? What makes you so sure you won't interfere with the timeline? She did what she had to do to save her family. To save you. Maybe not, but it was her decision to make. Tell me something, Nerys. If you hate her that much, why did you save her life?
All right, people. This is Deputy Director Sloan of Internal Affairs. He's here under the authority of the Federation Council. I expect you all to give him your full cooperation. As of now, you're all relieved of duty and confined to quarters. I don't like it any more than you do. Is it really necessary to drag a Starfleet Officer across the Promenade in irons? There is nothing to discuss. I want ten minutes alone with my officer, and I want them now. I thought you should know Odo did some checking. Sloan had a son in Starfleet. He was a transport pilot. He was killed by a Dominion patrol. I'm sorry for your loss. But don't you think that your son's death indicates a conflict of interest in your investigation? I need to talk to my Chief Medical Officer in private. Director Sloan, have you received orders from Starfleet to relieve me of my command of this station? Well then, as long as I remain in command, I will see Doctor Bashir whenever I please. Furthermore, from now on I will sit in on all interrogation sessions to make sure his rights are observed. Do I make myself clear? We'll get this straightened out, I promise you. [Wardroom] (Sisko is also present for this interview.) This is irrelevant. We're talking about an incident that happened before Doctor Bashir allegedly became a Dominion agent. I did. No. I won't deny that Doctor Bashir has made some questionable decisions in his career, but that's a long way from convincing me that he is a traitor. So far, your case is based on circumstantial evidence and speculation. That's a circular argument and you know it. He did eventually come forward and tell the truth. You're right, you should have. But lets put that behind us for now. I know you're not lying, Julian. But, as a doctor, isn't it in the realm of medical possibility that the Dominion did recruit you and that you have blocked it out of your memory? I don't think you're lying, Julian. It's late. Try to get some sleep. We'll talk again in the morning. (Later, Bashir is woken by the lights coming on full.) I suppose you have a reasonable explanation for why the Dominion broke you out of that holding cell. What did they want? Now that's enough. You know you're not going to exonerate yourself by casting suspicions on someone else. I have had enough of your lies, Doctor. Get him off my bridge. There's no record of a Deputy Director Sloan anywhere in Starfleet. And as for Section thirty one, that's a little more complicated. Starfleet Command doesn't acknowledge its existence, but they don't deny it either. They simply said they'd look into it and get back to me. They didn't say. I wish I had an answer for you, Doctor. We don't have to find them. They'll come to us. You said that Sloan tried to recruit you. He doesn't strike me as a man who takes no for an answer. And next time he asks you to join his little group, you will say yes.
Captain's personal log, stardate five one seven, er, five one seven four? Computer, what day is it? It's only been two weeks. I need to talk about this. I have to justify what's happened, what I've done, at least to myself. I can't talk to anyone else. Not even to Dax. Maybe if I just lay it all out in my log, it'll finally make sense. I can see where it all went wrong. Where I went wrong. I suppose it started two weeks ago, [Wardroom] Who is it, Dax? The skipper of the Cairo? Just that she disappeared on patrol in the Romulan neutral zone. I'll look into it. The Romulans have a treaty of non-aggression and friendship with the Dominion, so they're willing to turn a blind eye to almost anything in the name of friendship. It's in their own best interest to join the war, that's the key. That's the reason the Romulans will finally take action. Not to do us any favours, but to protect themselves from the Dominion. You're not going to put your faith in some piece of paper, are you? They're violating your territory almost every day. What kind of an ally is that? You can't be naive enough to think that the Dominion is going to stop with the Federation. When they're finished with us, they're be coming after you. The Founders see it as their sacred duty to bring order to the galaxy. Their order. Do you think they'll sit idly by while you keep your chaotic empire right next to their perfect order? No. If you watch us go under, then what you're really doing is signing your own death warrant. Very good, old man. You would have made a decent Romulan. Okay, you've convinced me. They're going to need evidence. But if there is evidence of a Dominion plan to attack Romulus, it's probably buried deep in the bowels of their headquarters on Cardassia Prime. Not for us, maybe. But there is someone on this station who specialises in gaining access to places where he is not welcome. [Wardroom] Mister Garak, let's dispense with the usual repartee and concentrate on the issue at hand. Can you do it or not? I didn't say you had to go there yourself. I have to believe that a man like you still has a few contacts at home. A colleague from the Obsidian Order, an old friend, a reliable informant. Someone who might owe you a favour. Then I'd say it's time to call in a favour. I posted my fourteenth casualty list this morning. I'm already involved in a very messy, very bloody business. And the only way I can see to end it is to bring the Romulans into the war. I am prepared to do whatever it takes to accomplish that goal, but I can't do it alone. I need help. Now, are you in or out? I laid the first stone right there. I'd committed myself. I'd pay any price, go to any lengths, because my cause was righteous. My intentions were good. In the beginning, that seemed like enough. [Sisko's bedroom] Go ahead, Major. According to initial reports, the invasion force must have come from somewhere in the Calandra Sector. There's plenty of blame to go around. The Tenth Fleet was supposed to be protecting Betazed and its outlying colonies, but it was caught out of position on a training exercise. What's worse, Betazed's own defence systems are obsolete and undermanned. The planet was theirs in less than ten hours. Mister Garak, it's been three days. Have you made any progress? This is how I look at it is. Betazed has just fallen to the Dominion and we need to get this operation underway. That sounds like progress to me. What? I'm sorry. Do you have another plan? Try me. Maybe I should have put a stop to it right there. Maybe I should have said, thank you very much for your input, Mister Garak. I will take your suggestion under advisement, and gone back to my office and forgotten about the whole thing. But I didn't. Because in my heart, I knew what he was saying made sense. [Garak's shop] He's also the man that negotiated the non-aggression pact with the Dominion. All right, how? How do you know he'll be visiting Soukara? Please. He'll want to examine it. But in reality? You realise I can't authorise a thing like this on my own. I'll have to clear it with Starfleet Command. I'll let you know. What's his name? You do understand the terms of your parole? Let's be very clear about this. You're not working for Starfleet. This entire matter is off the record. As far as you're concerned, you're working for me. Mister Tolar, I suggest you go wait in your quarters. Mister Garak will provide you with all the information you need. That's right. Go ahead, Constable. Yes. Why do you ask? What happened? He's no friend of mine, but he is working for me. It's an extremely sensitive matter concerning Federation security. I can't have any record of him being on the station. May I speak to Quark. (Odo nods, Sisko goes over to Bashir and Quark.) How is he? Will you excuse us for a moment, Doctor? Do you intend to press charges? What will it take, er, to, er, convince you otherwise? What's your price? All right. Done. I'll handle it. Anything else? That was my first moment of real doubt, when I started to wonder if this whole thing was a mistake. So then I went back to my office and there was a new casualty list waiting for me. People are dying out there every day. Entire worlds are struggling for their freedom and here I am still worrying about the finer points of morality. No, I had to keep my eye on the ball. Win the war, stop the bloodshed. Those were the priorities! [Promenade] Be my guest. [Turbolift] Ops. I couldn't agree more. Who's watching Tolar? I hope that's just an impression. How do you know it's genuine? How much does he want? What? Offer him something else. Biomimetic gel is strictly controlled by the Federation and not for sale at any price. Find someone else who's willing sell us a rod. Then let's forget about it. Ops. Hold. Two hundred litres is out of the question. There's not that much gel in the entire sector. Ops. [Captain's office] Perhaps I didn't make myself clear, Doctor. This is not a request, it's an order. You will package eighty five litres of biomimetic gel for interstellar transport and deliver them to cargo bay three. Is that understood? I thought you might. That is your right. But I want the gel by the end of the day. Dismissed. [Holosuite] (Set up as a Cardassian conference room. Garak and Sisko watch the play as Tolar works controls.) It's better. They seem more real. It's satisfactory. I've received a message. Senator Vreenak is on the way. You're not going anywhere. I mean you're not leaving until your work is accepted by our client. I'm making a new agreement. If that programme passes inspection, you walk free, but if there's even the slightest flaw, the I will send you back to that Klingon prison and tell Gowron to take his time while he executes you. Maybe I was under more pressure than I realised. Maybe it really was starting to get to me. But I was off the hook. Starfleet Command had given the plan their blessing and I thought that would make things easier. But I was the one who had to make it happen. I was the one who had to look Senator Vreenak in his eye and convince him that a lie was the truth. [Corridor] For what? What if you get caught? Just make sure you don't get caught. (Round a corner.) Report. Very good, Commander. Maintain current security measures until further notice. No one is to enter this area except for Mister Garak and myself. Go ahead, Major. No reply, Major. Sisko out. (Sisko taps commands onto a wall panel. We watch as the landing pad doors open, the pad itself goes up. More commands and the pad comes down with nothing on it. Then a Romulan shuttle decloaks and the embarkation tube extends to it.) Mister Garak, after having spent a week with you, I have developed a very, very thick skin. Welcome aboard, Senator. I'm Captain Benjamin Sisko. Sorry to disappoint you. If you'll come with me, I'll show you to your quarters. We don't have much experience in replicating Romulan beverages. Of course, all of that would change if we became allies instead of cold warriors. I'd pick the side most likely to leave us in peace when the dust settles. Maybe you're right. Maybe the Dominion will win in the end. Then the Founders will control what we now call Cardassia, the Klingon Empire and the Federation. So, instead of facing three separate opponents with three separate agendas, you'll find yourselves facing the same opponent on every side. There's a word for that. Surrounded. What if I told you that the Dominion is planning a sneak attack on the Romulan Empire at this very moment? So all I could do was wait and see how masterful Tolar's forgery really was. So I waited. Tried to catch up on my paperwork. But I found it very difficult to focus on criminal activity reports, or cargo manifests, do I went back to pacing and staring out of the window. I'm not an impatient man. I'm not one to agonise over decisions once they're made. I got that from my father. He always says worry and doubt are the greatest enemies of a great chef. The soufflé will either rise or it won't. There's not a damn thing you can do about it, so you might as well just sit back and wait and see what happens. But this time the cost of failure was so high I found it difficult to follow his advice. [Corridor] So it blew up in my face. And all the lies and the compromises, the inner doubts and rationalisations, all for nothing. Vreenak was furious. I can't say I blamed him. I'd have reacted the same way. After telling me in no uncertain terms that he would expose this vile deception to the entire Alpha Quadrant, he got back in his shuttle and headed home. There didn't seem to be anything more to do. [Wardroom] Which Senator? Excuse me. [Garak's shop] (Sisko the Thunder God storms in and hits Garak, sending him flying.) Get up. You killed him. That's what you planned to do all along, isn't it. You knew the data rod wouldn't hold up to scrutiny. You just wanted to get him on the station so you could plant a bomb on his shuttle. And what about Tolar? Did you kill him too? There's no guarantee of that. And then they'll discover that it is a fraud! That Vreenak obtained the rod on Soukara and that the Dominion killed him to prevent him from returning to Romulus with it. At oh eight hundred hours, station time, the Romulan Empire formally declared war against the Dominion. They have already struck fifteen bases along the Cardassian border. So, this is a huge victory for the good guys. This may even be the turning point of the entire war. There's even a 'Welcome to the Fight' party tonight in the wardroom. So I lied, I cheated, I bribed men to cover the crimes of other men. I am an accessory to murder. But most damning thing of all, I think I can live with it. And if I had to do it all over again, I would. Garak was right about one thing. A guilty conscience is a small price to pay for the safety of the Alpha Quadrant, so I will learn to live with it. Because I can live with it. I can live with it. Computer, erase that entire personal log. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I'll let you know in a minute. (As Sisko reads the PADD, Odo begins humming 'The Way You Wear Your Hat') Oh, don't stop on my account. You were singing. (sings) No, no, they can't take that away from me.
The Dominion has solidified its hold on the Kalandra Sector. They're trying to establish a supply line running through Betazoid space into the Argolis Cluster. Starfleet's going to try to cut them off near the Tibor Nebula. The Seventh Fleet will be engaging the enemy in the morning. Well let's just hope they can get the job done. On a happier note, I do have a bit of good news. The Romulans have forced the Dominion to retreat from the Benzite system. Right now, we need to concentrate on beating the Dominion. We'll worry about the Romulans later. As some of you already know, Major Kira, Jake and I will be leaving for Bajor at twenty two hundred. We'll be returning tomorrow night. That's all, people. (Everyone leaves except Kira and Odo.) Glad to be here, Ranjen. You've certainly been busy. The last time I visited the ruins, none of these tunnels had been cut yet. It's very inspiring to see. These inscriptions. They look like ancient Bajoran, but I can't quite make it out. Welcome. The reckoning? What is it you expect of me? I don't understand. Yeah, right. The Prophets. They were here. They spoke to me. They mentioned something about a reckoning. Is that part of some prophecy? It's all right, Jake. We'll be leaving soon. I have got to find out what these inscriptions say. Fortunately, we do. [Science lab] (Dax is scanning the carving with a tricorder.) Dax. I want you to translate the inscriptions. The Ranjen's translation programme. It's not complete, but at least it's a start. Good luck. [Promenade] (A Bajoran priest rings a small wind chime.) Go ahead. Welcome to Deep Space Nine, your Eminence. What brings you to the station? I meant no disrespect. (They walk and talk.) I assure you that the artefact will be returned as soon as I've finished studying it. I don't. I understand, but I brought it here because I believe that's what the Prophets want. Exactly. Well, they didn't. Not in so many words. It's difficult to explain. The Prophets aren't always clear. All I know is, for now it belongs here. And then she contacted Starfleet and lodged a formal protest. He told me to stop meddling in Bajoran affairs and return the damn tablet. Not anymore. I guess the Prophets have spoken to me one too many times. Wormhole aliens or Prophets, it really doesn't matter. The fact is, they exist out of time, and over the centuries they've given the Bajorans glimpses of the future. Glimpses that the Bajorans have written down to help them guide succeeding generations. If whatever is written here can help me avoid mistakes, can help me make the right decisions, then I'd be a fool to ignore it. All I know is that they have a relationship with Bajor that stretches back over a thousand years. They care about what happens to the Bajorans. They proved that when they kept the Dominion fleet from coming through the wormhole. Yes, but they listened, and they saved Bajor and the rest of the Alpha Quadrant. Now they're asking me for something in return. I don't know what it is yet, but I'm not going to return the tablet until I do. It's the key. I can feel it. (Translation matrix Bajor 576 is up on a wall monitor.) What have you got? The time of reckoning is at hand. The Prophets will weep. Their sorrow will consume the Gateway to the Temple. About the flooding in Rakantha Province, yes. Our sensors indicate that Bajor has been affected by the instability of the wormhole. No. And as Emissary of the Prophets, I will ask you to give me more time to study it. I believe it is the will of the Prophets. You must have been very persuasive. This is the first time you and Shakaar have agreed on anything. The tablet will be on its way to Bajor on the morning transport. You're not off the hook, old man. I need these inscriptions translated. Have you made any more progress? Good news or bad? On what? They are? Eat fruit? What else do you have? Go on. That figures. (Another rumble and shake.) So do I. Keep at it, old man. I'll see what I can do. Go ahead. Good. I just hope they can hold out until Starfleet sends in reinforcements. They seem to get longer. She may be the spiritual leader of millions of Bajorans, but she is not an easy woman to like. I've known that for a while. I guess I should have consulted her before I brought the artefact up to the station. Ah. That's why I didn't ask her. But my being the Emissary spoiled it for her. I guess that's why she made such an issue of the whole thing. Why? It's certainly nothing I asked for. I'll keep that in mind. [Promenade - upper level] (Winn has just watched the wormhole shut again.) Yes. Jake-o. So are you. What's on your mind? I'm fine. Since when did you become a worrier? I know it hasn't been easy, Jake. You know, I didn't ask to be the Emissary. But for better or worse, I guess that's what I am. Except for being your dad. (Later that night, Sisko can't sleep so he gets up and goes to) [Science lab] Why do you always have to be so damn mysterious? Answer me. I am tired of your riddles. If you need me to do something, say so. (Then Sisko picks up the tablet and throws it against a wall strut. It smashes, and vapours rise from the fragments. Some are blue, some are red. They fly off through the ceiling. Uh oh. Later.) Not exactly. I just had this uncontrollable urge to smash the tablet. That's impossible. Check the station's internal sensors. I tell you, I saw something. Oh, please, Constable, don't patronise me. (The station shakes and the power dips and returns.) Sisko to Ops. Report. [Ops] Keep me informed. No. I've done what I needed to do. I know this might sound strange, but I think the Prophets wanted me to shatter the tablet. That's not why I did it. That's exactly what you have to believe. I wish I had an answer for you. You and I haven't always seen things eye to eye, but we have one thing in common. We both believe that the Prophets have a plan for Bajor. Sometimes it's not easy to see the path they've laid out for us. Right now, I don't know what they want from me, but I'm willing to take a leap of faith and trust that they're guiding me, and I'm asking you to take that leap with me. Go ahead. Is there a problem? Keep your hands off your weapons. It's a Prophet. Why have you taken this woman's body? The reckoning, what is it? I don't understand. You're saying a Pah-wraith will take corporeal form as well? This battle, is it to be fought here? If it is destroyed? What do you want from me? Am I supposed to help you in some way? We're evacuating. This battle could destroy the station. I don't have any choice. I won't do that. No. When the Dominion fleet was about to come through the wormhole, I asked the Prophets for their help. They gave it to me. Now they're asking for my help. They need to fight this battle here, now. I'm not going to jeopardise my crew, but I'm not going to stand in the way of the Prophets either. The Prophet said she was willing to be their instrument. I'll notify Starfleet that we're abandoning the station. Begin the evacuation immediately. [Airlock] Report. Very well. I managed to convince them that we couldn't afford to defy the Prophets. Go ahead, Constable. Eminence. These people have to go. The Prophets will hear your prayers wherever you are. It isn't safe here. I am Captain of this station and I will do everything in my power to save it. Now, are you going to tell these people to go, or shall I? Take them to the transports. I hope you're right. Leave my son and take me instead. No, I've got to play this thing out. Don't you think I know that? The Prophets will protect him. No, they're trying to destroy the Pah-wraith. The Prophets will not let anything happen to him. I know. I'm not going to leave Jake here. Get out of here. Get off the station, both of you! That's an order. Jake. Captain's log, supplemental. The station's population has returned and repairs are underway. Major Kira has recovered from her experience but my son is still in the Infirmary. [Infirmary] Jake? May I see him? Jake. How are you feeling? You'll be up and about in no time. I don't know what to say. You know I am. Jake, I wish I. I want to explain what happened, but I'm not sure that I can.
Can you identify the ship sending the distress call? Then again it may be genuine. We have to find out. Cloak the ship and lay in a course. We scanned the area for any other escape pods, but it doesn't look like anyone else made it. How is she, Doctor? And Nog?
A Dominion invasion of Ferenginar? We'll see what we can find out.
The Tarkalean she attacked is recovering in the Infirmary. Doctor Bashir tells me he should be on his feet in a few days. I've talked to the Federation magistrate and explained the situation. She wants Molly taken to a special care centre on Dalvos Prime for evaluation. We might be looking at a long term situation, yes. But it's the best facility of its kind. I'm sorry, Chief. I wish there were another way.
Looks like you did a pretty good job. Every father says that. Even I say that. (Bashir enters.) I think I like him better this way. I was just kidding. Sisko here. On my way. [Bridge] Let's hear it, Chief. That's enough. How long will it take us to reach her? Any other ships closer to that sector? Mister Worf, turn us around and set a course for the Rutharian sector. Chief, I want you to establish a two way comm. link with this woman. And when you do, tell her, tell her her heroes are on the way. Captain's log, supplemental. The marooned Starfleet officer, whose name we've learned is Lisa, continues to transmit her call for help, but so far Chief O'Brien has been unable to establish two way communications. [Engine room] The Olympia. What happened to your ship, Captain? We'll be able to help you with that, Captain. I'll have one of my officers stay on the comm. line with you at all times. Done. I think I'd better start. A lot has happened since you left, Captain. [Ready room] The Second Fleet hit the Dominion forces occupying Betazed three times in the last month, but they keep sending in reinforcements and fortifying their positions on the surface so we find it Oh, sorry. They do. No. I am seeing someone. Kasidy Yates. That's her. No, civilian. Freighter captain. Why would you say something like that? Yes. Yes, I'm still here. You just caught me off guard, a little. Come in. (Bashir enters.) What is it? Already? I thought she had at least a day's worth of injections. How long does she have? That's not good. We're still three days away. [Bridge] Is there any way to strengthen the structural integrity field? Such as? Use the phaser reserve, Chief. Give us all the speed you can. We're increasing speed. The Captain's condition is worsening. I don't think so. Right. Are you sure you want to hear about this? Well, when Kasidy came to the bridge last night, all I wanted her to do was leave. And I couldn't tell you why. She was the Convoy Liaison Officer on our last mission, and a damned good one too. I looking forward to meeting you, Lisa. And I know I'm not the only one around here who feels the same way. I want a complete scan of that barrier, but use passive sensors only, gentlemen. An active scan is what triggered the destruction of the Olympia. Options? What about a shuttle pod? Their impulse engines don't use antimatter. I didn't come all this way to give up. I'll take the risk. Doctor, Mister O'Brien, you're with me. Mister Worf, you have the bridge. Sisko to Defiant. We're preparing to enter the barrier. Thank you, Commander. (It's a bumpy ride.) Primary power grid offline. Switching to backups. We're losing the navigational computer. Damage report. Scan the planet, Doctor. Is there somewhere we can set down nearby? This has to be the only direction she could have been headed in. (Further in, where it is dry.) It can't be Lisa. That woman's been dead for years. If she's been dead for three years, how has she been talking to us? We've been talking to someone from the past? No, not here. Not alone in this cave. We'll take her back with us. Give her a proper burial among friends. [Wardroom] (Drink, food, and the host in her flag-draped torpedo case coffin.) Hey. When this is over, I want to talk to you about something. Something that's been on my mind. Well, it's about me, actually. I want to try to explain about my behaviour lately. That's a deal.
Peldor joi to you, too. Well, it looks like the festival was a big success. For what? War or no war, we have a lot to be grateful for, and we must remember that. On my way. (to children) Let's go. Thank you, Admiral. When do we go? Me? Five squadrons of Jem'Hadar attack ships. At the moment, that's the entire Dominion fleet protecting the Chin'toka system. Now all we have to do is to convince the Romulans to join us. We found their weak point. Now we need to exploit it. Gentlemen, please. We're allies, remember that. Sit down, General! Save your anger for the Dominion. Senator, you've studied our invasion plans. The only way to achieve a lasting victory is to demolish their shipyards, their weapon plants, to force them to retreat deeper and deeper into their own territory until our ships can surround their headquarters on Cardassia Prime and they will have no choice but to surrender. I know it won't be easy. I know that we will pay a heavy price for every system we take from them. But in the end, that's the only way to drive the Dominion out of the Alpha Quadrant, and that is a goal we all share. Klingons, humans and Romulans. [Las Vegas lounge] (Back to the 1960's where Vic Fontaine is singing 'Here's to the Losers.' Despondent Quark and Bashir are at a table.) We? That may be true, but you're not going, Jake. That's a relief. But you're still not going, son. All right, Jake, the Defiant it is. Just keep your bags packed. Are you telling me not to go to Cardassia? [Ops] Dangerous? In what way? Why is it dangerous to leave? And how will it affect Bajor? You have to tell me. (But that's where the Vision ends.) [Wardroom] Are they operational? It's not about that, sir. It's about the Prophets, the wormhole aliens. They spoke to me last night. They told me not to go to Cardassia. That I should stay here. Nothing concrete. Just that it's too dangerous. I'm not sure. It's not about what I want. It's about what the Prophets want. The Prophets don't see me as a Starfleet captain. They see me as their Emissary. I'll be on the Defiant bridge at oh five hundred. [Dominion briefing room] It's your station, old man. As you were. Take us to Cardassia, Mister Nog. Sit down, Jake. Go ahead. Good luck, General. (The Jem'Hadar do kamikaze runs at the Klingons to destroy the ships.) Sisko to Martok. Do you need any assistance? Don't keep it to yourself, Mister Garak. Chief? I'm not sure. I think I felt the Prophets reaching out to me. Something's wrong. I will try. [Infirmary] (Quark and Odo are pacing as Sisko, Kira and Jake enter. Bashir comes out of the surgery in scrubs, with a nurse.) The funeral service is due to begin in a few minutes, Jadzia but I need to talk to you one last time. When I first met you, you told me that my relationship with Jadzia Dax wouldn't be any different than the one I had with Curzon Dax. Things didn't work out that way. I had a hell of a lot of fun with both of you, but Curzon was my mentor. You, you were my friend and I am going to miss you. I should have listened to the Prophets and not gone to Cardassia. Then maybe you'd still be alive. Damn it! Why aren't you still here, Jadzia? I need you to help me sort things out. Something's happened to the Prophets, something that's made them turn their backs on Bajor and I'm responsible. And I don't know what to do about it, how to make it right again. I've failed as the Emissary, and for the first time in my life I've failed in my duty as a Starfleet officer. I need time to think, clear my head, but I can't do it here. Not on the station, not now. I need to get away and find a way to figure out how to make things right again. I have to make things right again, Jadzia. I have to. [Ops] (Sisko comes out of his office carrying a bag.) The station's all yours, Major. I don't know exactly. Thanks, Chief. My thanks to all of you. Let's go home, Jake. (turbolift) Landing pad C. [Captain's office] In a little while. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Why aren't you still here, Jadzia? I need you to help me sort things out. Something's happened to the Prophets, something that's made them turn their backs on Bajor and I'm responsible. And I don't know what to do about it, how to make it right again. I've failed as the Emissary, and for the first time in my life I've failed in my duty as a Starfleet officer. The station's all yours, Major. Let's go home, Jake. And now, the continuation. [Promenade - upper level] (There's a vigil being held down below outside the Shrine.) I had a vision from the Prophets. I was on Tyree, in the desert, digging in the sand, and I uncovered a face. The face of a woman. And that's all. I've never seen her before, but now I know why I came back here, Jake. I have to find her. I have to. [Captain's office] (Kira is looking at biography 4774 on a PADD.) You two go ahead. The woman in my vision. I don't want to forget her face. I'll see you in the morning. Where? She's with Grandpa. I don't understand. Who is she? This woman. So who is she, Dad? Dad? Not until you tell me what I need to know. You're going to have to do better than that. I can't. I saw her. The vision the Prophets sent me. She was the woman in the desert. I'm telling you, I saw her. Dad, please. Who is she? Dad. You have to tell me. I need to know who she is! Married? You had a wife before Mum? What do you mean she disappeared? Why? And you never found out what happened to her? Well, I have to speak with her. Damn it, Dad, I have to. Why didn't you tell me about her? I grew up. That's no excuse. I loved Momma. Nothing would've changed that. You should have listened to her. Yeah, you did. I came back here to clear my head, to try to figure out what to do next. Maybe learning the truth about my mother is the first step of this journey. Are there any other secrets I should know about? I'm sure you're right. Actually, I was thinking about Jadzia. She always used to be here to help me sort things out. I miss her. Thanks, Dad. This writing. It's ancient Bajoran. I don't know. But I intend to find out. [Sisko's restaurant] (Breakfast time, and Sisko is trying to get a translation with the help of PADDs.) Finally, some progress. The inscription. It says Orb of the Emissary. I've never heard of it either. At least, there's no mention of it in the Bajoran Ancient Texts. Not necessarily. What if the Orb does exist? What if it didn't go dark like all the others when the wormhole disappeared? Oh, I'm going to find it. Tyree. Because that's where I was in the vision the Prophets sent me. [Wardroom] (The casualty list is up on the wall.) A lot. That was going to be my last batch, but then I got to thinking. Maybe I'll take a couple of sacks along with me tomorrow on the runabout, give me something to do on the way to Tyree. Jake, if I never see another clam BOTH: It'll be too soon. (Jake goes back inside. Sisko sees someone in a red cloak in the alleyway.) Can I help you? That's ancient Bajoran. Thank you, but right now the Emissary has to get back to work. What did you say? (The Bajoran pulls a knife and slashes Sisko across the abdomen.) I had to give a report to Starfleet Security. (They sit at a table in the patio area.) He was a member of a cult that worships the Pah wraiths. They believe that the disappearance of the Prophets will herald a new era for Bajor. If you're worried about the cult What's going on? Why is the restaurant closed? Are you both lost your minds? You've obviously already packed your bags. Do I know you?
The station's all yours, Major. Let's go home, Jake. I had a vision from the Prophets. I was on Tyree, in the desert, and I uncovered a face. The face of a woman. You had a wife before Mum? Do I know you? Dax? I can't believe it. Torias. The answers can wait. Right now, I'm just glad to see you. And you were the only Trill on board. I'm starting to see the problem. Please. (Ezri sits.) What about the Symbiosis Institute? Weren't they able to do anything for you? And? I'll do all I can, but the truth is, we're leaving for Tyree. Today. Don't worry, it's not your fault. We're entering orbit. Prepare to beam down. You sure you don't want to stay here and wait for us? All right. Well sure you're carrying plenty of water packs. That goes for both of you, too. It's dry down there. Did you hear that? Forget it. [Desert] (The landing party is sensibly dressed in loose, light coloured clothing with hooded coats.) I know it's out there someplace. That's why the Prophets sent me here. That way. I have no idea. I hope so. Dax, what are you trying to say? If anyone wants to take a break, they can go back to the runabout. Hey, Dad? How're you doing back there? I think so. There. That's where we start digging. (Where the baseball landed.) I wish he'd get there. Doctor Wykoff. They're waiting for him in the isolation ward. Stay back. (It certainly looks like an orb box.) The Orb of the Emissary. Open it. Got to cover it up. Bury it. Get out of my way. Move! Show yourselves. I've come to speak with you. [Sisko's restaurant] (The baseball rolls off the piano and is picked up by) Sarah? You mean the Pah wraith? It's no longer in the wormhole? Is that why the Prophets sent me to Tyree? To release you from the Orb? My destiny? You talk as if my life was over. I don't suppose you'll tell me what they are. [Sisko's restaurant - alley] Linear or not, I need some answers. Are you Sarah Sisko? Are you my mother? You took over her body, made sure she married my father so that she'd give birth to me. And once you didn't need her anymore, you left her. No wonder she walked out on my father. She didn't chose him, you did. What you're telling me isn't easy to accept. You arranged my birth. I exist because of you? But why me? Why did it have to be me? I'll tell you about it someday. [Promenade] (Sisko, Ezri and Jake come out of the airlock to a happy crowd.) I heard you've all been pretty busy yourselves.
Come in. (There's no one at door to Ops. The bell rings twice and he opens the door to the corridor.) Dax. Why are you sneaking in this way? It didn't go well, I take it? You weren't expecting him to accept you right away, were you? Perhaps he was just trying to respect your customs. He knows that the joined Trill aren't supposed to get involved with people who were married to their previous hosts. Are you sure? I understand. How can you tell? You're still planning on leaving. I'm going to miss you, old man. His shop? I don't understand. That's a good sized space. Mister Garak, as much as I appreciate with your situation, I'm not sure why you asked to see me. Can I tell them when to expect you back on the job? We can't afford to lose Mister Garak right now. Is there anything you can do for him? You're a counsellor, aren't you? Oh, come on, Dax. What are you going to learn in the next few months that you haven't already learned in the last three hundred years? Why are you standing on your head, by the way? The gymnast? Do you? Julian's a good doctor, but he's no counsellor. Not even an assistant counsellor. And besides, he doesn't have eight lifetimes worth of experience under his belt. That's a good point. Come on, old man, you can do this. Dax? I don't know. Why? I'm not going to say I told you so, but Garak stopped by Odo's office this morning to pick up the latest Cardassian transmissions for decoding. It looks like Garak's claustrophobia is under control. I told you so. I couldn't resist. Are you all right? Perhaps I should have a talk with him. Me? I intimidate Worf, huh? Of course not. Look, we're not talking about me and Worf, we're talking about you and Worf. Now, I sympathise with what he's going through, but as far as I'm concerned, you have as much right to be here as he does. The war certainly has not been good for morale around here. I've been thinking the station could use a good counsellor. I can't think of anyone better suited for the job. I took the liberty of talking to Starfleet Medical. They're willing to waive the rest of your training and give you a commission as a full counsellor with the rank of lieutenant. I asked them what they thought you might learn in the next few months They saw my point. I hope you do, too. Because of Worf? Well, you just say the word and I will intimidate him for you. [Replimat] What's this all about? Why? I know this has been a hard time for you, old man, but you see No, you're Ezri. Ezri Dax. And you've been given eight lifetimes worth of experience. Now I know this is confusing for you right now, but in time you'll see it's a wonderful gift. If that's the way you feel, then go back to Trill. Talk to the Symbiosis Commission. Maybe you can convince them to take the symbiont out of you. Well, if you're leaving Starfleet, you'll have to find something to do. Let's see. Maybe you could be one of the people who takes care of the symbiont pools? It's quiet in those caves. No one around. No one expecting great things from you. You could spend the rest of your life underground, in the dark, stirring mud. Eighty or ninety years of that might be just what you need. And as for Dax? That symbiont had eight amazing lives. So what if the ninth was a waste. I do understand. And you were right. You don't deserve the Dax symbiont. Quite frankly, you don't deserve to wear that uniform. I'll pass this on to Starfleet Command. Dismissed. (Ezri uses the corridor exit, and leans against the bulkhead.) [Worf's quarters] (Worf is sharpening his bat'leth when the doorbell rings.) What now? I can't send this to Starfleet Command. Because I never submitted your resignation. You've done it to me often enough. I'm glad it worked. Mister Garak has asked that the latest Cardassian transmissions be sent to the Infirmary. Well done. I'd be happier if you would stay here at DS Nine. I hope Captain Raymer knows how lucky she is. She's getting one hell of a counsellor. [Guest quarters] (Ezri is packing when the doorbell rings.) Congratulations, Lieutenant. I want you to take a good look around. You have just agreed to take responsibility for the mental health of everyone in this room. You have your work cut out for you. She's also about three hundred years too old for you.
Go ahead, Colonel. Send him in. (A Vulcan enters) Welcome to Deep Space Nine, Captain. Have a seat. It's been a long time. You mean you don't know it to the minute? Thank you. And congratulations to you. I heard you received your Medal last month. This isn't exactly a safe harbour. We have seen our share of action. We can upgrade your inertial dampers by the end of the day, but to begin to overhaul your warp core would take at least a week. War's an inefficient business. You're welcome to take your ship to a Vulcan station. I think there's one about fifty light years away. If you're planning to stay here with us behind the lines, my Chief of Operations will see to your requests. To arrange holosuite time you have to go through Quark. He owns the only ones on the station. Really? And what game would that be? [Ops] (Solok walks through, almost smirking. Sisko is right behind him.) Colonel, assemble the senior staff in the wardroom. Now. [Wardroom] As you probably know, the Starship T'Kumbra is docked at our station. What you may not know is that their Captain considers his crew, an all Vulcan crew by the way, to be the finest in the fleet. I happen to think the people sitting at this table comprise the finest crew in the quadrant. I didn't think so. Which is why when their Captain challenged us to a contest of courage, teamwork and sacrifice, I accepted on your behalf. I was hoping for that reaction. Two weeks, in holosuite five. Baseball. [Ops] (There is a diagram of a baseball field on the big table. Kira is reading aloud from a PADD, and Worf and Nog each have their own.) Hey, hey! All right. Yes. First day of practice! And it's an exciting time. Am I right? Yeah, there we go, there we go! That's the spirit! Now, first let me introduce you to our pitcher and our secret weapon, Jake The Slider Sisko. Now, all of the other positions are open for tryouts. Every one of you here today has seen at least one baseball game with me in a holosuite. Now I know it looks simple. You throw the ball, you catch the ball, you hit the ball. But it is not that easy. It's a difficult game. It was a difficult game to play even for seasoned professionals who spent their lifetime practicing, and now we have less than two weeks to build a team and face the opponent. Now, I know what some of you are thinking. How can we beat the Logicians? They're all Vulcans. They're stronger and faster than any one of us, except for Worf and our genetically enhanced doctor. But there is more to baseball than physical strength. It's about courage, and it's also about faith, and it is also about heart. And if there's one thing our Vulcan friends lack, it's heart. I think we can beat them. I know we can beat them. We are going to beat them. Am I right? I can't hear you. I can't hear you. Are we going to beat the Vulcans? All right then, let's play some baseball! First I want you to pair off. Spread yourselves about ten metres apart and play some catch. Just a little throw and catch, nice and easy. (It doesn't look good. Ezri throws to Quark who nearly bats it away with the mitt clutched in his hand.) Jake, I don't care how hard and these two weeks are, but I'm not going to lose to Solok in a baseball game. We're going to win. [Security office] That's right. Will you do it? I don't want a computer programme calling a baseball game. That's something Solok would do. I want a real person behind the plate, not just some collection of photons and magnetic fields. I also want a person who can be completely impartial, and I can't think of anyone I'd trust more. It's the truth. Will you do it? Outstanding. Here are the rules. If you have any questions, I'll be with the team in the Infirmary. We had a few problems at practice today. Remember, the game is in less than two weeks, so you better start to work on your moves. (Sisko leaves.) So, how are my casualties doing? That's the spirit, old man. Don't lose your sense of humour. (Ezri and Kira leave, Bashir and O'Brien come through) Can't you repair the damage? I need him on third and he's anchoring the second half of the lineup. Damn! Well, there's an old saying. Those who can't, coach. As for now, you are batting, pitching and first base coach. We'll go over that again later. All right, practice tomorrow morning at oh seven thirty. Don't be late. No, no, no. I need her in centre. Oh, I know who we can get. I'll have to pull a some strings, but I think I can do it. Welcome home. Like a piece of my heart was missing. Now that you're back, I feel outstanding. Well, you should. Are you going to be here long? Really. Who knows? I have a few ideas. So tell me, how's your throwing arm holding up? [Ballpark] (Sisko bunts to Kasidy, who touches base and throws the ball to Worf at another base.) There you go, Kas! That's what I'm talking about. All right, heads up, people. There's a runner on first and one away. (Sisko hits a high ball to the outfield.) How many is that? Damn. All right, batting practice. (Everyone is limbering up in the dugout.) He's scouting us. (Solok is watching from the stand.) He should be. Next week on this field, that man is going to get a painful lesson in humility. (Jake throws a practise pitch to short stop Nog.) All right, Rom, remember what we talked about. Keep your eye on the ball. Follow the ball from the pitcher's hand all the way to the bat. (Rom does a complete midair pirouette as he swings, landing hard on his side.) All right, Rom.) (Jake throws a gently underarm. The bat flies along the return trajectory, just missing Jake.) That's it. You're done. No, you won't. You are finished, gone, off the team. Is anyone talking to you, Ensign? That's the smartest thing you've said all week. You can't play! Now get your gear. Get out of here! Worf, you're up! [Quark's] All right, you got a runner on first, you got a runner on second, one away. Ground ball hit to the second baseman. Kira, what do you do? Yeah, you tell me something I don't know. What? The only way I'll feel better is to beat Solok tomorrow. We were in the same class at the Academy. One weekend I was with some friends at a bar off campus, the Launching Pad. and Solok came in with some Vulcan cadets. He said they were doing research on illogical human bonding rituals. We didn't take kindly to that. One or two. We got into a debate. Solok said that Vulcans were naturally superior to humans and other emotionally handicapped species. Of course I took the opposite position. So there I am, drunk and debating logic versus emotion with a smug and very sober Vulcan. Well, to make a long story short, I decided the best way to prove that humans were every bit the equal of Vulcans was to challenge him to a wrestling match. All I wanted to do was to wipe that arrogant look off his face, so in the heat of the moment I challenged him. I ended up in the Infirmary with a separated shoulder, two cracked ribs and a very bruised ego. And they're faster too. But you're right. I got what I deserved. And if it had ended right there, it would have been fine. But it didn't. Solok took every opportunity to remind me of the match. He used to point me out whenever I walked across the campus. In fact he wrote five psychology papers about our match. I became the living embodiment of why Vulcans were inherently superior to humans. That's exactly what I mean. He may have hidden it beneath that Vulcan calm, but he loved every minute of it. And you'd think that once we graduated it would have stopped, but it didn't. Over the years, Solok wrote over a dozen papers on Vulcan human comparative profiles and in the beginning of every paper is an analysis of that damned wrestling match! He doesn't care about baseball. All he wants to do is rub my nose in it one more time. But now he is using my game. My game! Oh, no. I'd rather they think I'm just caught up in some baseball game than pursuing an adolescent rivalry. Oh, no. No. I mean it. And you can't tell them either. I want you to promise me. Let's dispense with the crowd. My team has never played in front of people before. All right, Niners, let's hear some chatter. Lucky swing. All right. All right. You're making mental errors out there. Stupid mistakes! You have to start thinking about what you're doing. Colonel, you have to charge the ball, don't wait for it to come to you. Ezri, you're playing too deep. (to Jake) They rattled you. What are you talking about, they're pretty good? You'd better stop admiring them and start striking them out! Let's play ball. (Bashir misses.) Let's go. (In the fourth, the scoreboard reads - Logicians 4 1 1 1 - 7 runs, 9 hits, 0 errors. Niners 0 0 0 0 - 0 runs, 2 hits, 3 errors.) (Sisko catches and throws to Kira who gets her foot on the plate before the runner gets there and knocks her over.) Hey, hey, hey. Colonel, stay cool! Don't do anything to get yourself thrown out. Play ball. (Back in the dugout.) It's about time! (Worf comes up to bat.) If you're not there, let it go, all right? Don't reach for it. Hey, now. Good eye, Worf, good eye. Remember what we talked about. Keep your eye on the ball. (Kira is starting to steal.) Big stick. Good eye, Worf. Good eye. That was low and outside. What the hell were you looking about? You can't tell me that ball was over the plate. What were you doing, regenerating? Outside corner, my foot. That was a ball and you know it. We have two men on! Two men on! Two men on! No way, no way. You stole the run from us. You stole it just as if you'd reached up and tore it off the scoreboard! (Sisko prods Odo.) What? (walking past.) It was a ball. It was no strike. I know it was a ball. All right! Tag 'em all! (Nog does, Odo shaking his head each time.) He's out. Did you see that? That's what I love about this game. You never know what's going to happen next. Every situation is different. Rom, come here. Let's go. Chief? Chief, Chief, call time out. You're making a substitution. Computer. Hey, Jake that was a hell of a game! A hell of a game! They're Vulcans. If they were humans you'd have held them to just two or three. Yes. Now, pardon me. I owe you an apology. I'm sorry. If you have some time one day, maybe you can teach me how to bunt. You are absolutely right. And I couldn't be happier. Quark, a round of drinks for the house on my tab. Manufactured triumph. Hear, hear! Did I hear irritation in that voice? Well, will you look at that. Would you like to sign it? (Solok leaves.) No. (Sisko throws the ball up, which becomes DS9 as we fade out.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
They posed as an Admiral and his staff. If you want me to convince Starfleet not to press charges, you're going to have to give me a damn good reason. They meant well? That's the same excuse you gave me when they were caught trying to pass military secrets to the Dominion. Doctor, I appreciate that you feel a connection to them because you're genetically engineered yourself, but they have displayed a consistent disregard for the rules that the rest of society lives by. We are not here to debate Federation policy toward the genetically enhanced. We are here to discuss what to do about these people now that they're aboard. Well, I take it the Institute has given the approval to move forward? It appears that this procedure's never been done before. You've put in a lot of time on this, haven't you? All right, Doctor. I'll take care of Starfleet, you take care of Sarina. I'll arrange to have the rest of the people sent back to the Institute. For what reason? Well, we'll arrange for quarters to be set up in a cargo bay. Just make sure they stay there. I don't want them to get out and cause trouble like they did the last time. I'll hold you to that. One thing more. Get them out of those uniforms.
Put it in writing, Quark. So, how much longer, Chief? Oh, I'm not talking about the Promenade, I'm talking about the Defiant. When is the gravity net going to be repaired? The last time I stepped onto the bridge, I felt ten kilos heavier. How much time? You have three days. I'm going to take the Defiant back out on patrol and I don't want my crew getting queasy because the gravity keeps fluctuating. That is your problem, Chief. Now, I'm leaving for Bajor for a conference and I want that stabiliser replaced by the time I get back. Do I make myself clear? Ah, Chief. Yes, it looks nice, doesn't it? I came in this morning and found Ensign Nog polishing it. Well, here is the maintenance request from the Gettysburg. It should be docking here later today. That'll be all. Oh, about the stabiliser. Don't bother. Ensign Nog told me you were able to get hold of one this morning. How long before you can have it online? I plan to take the Defiant out on patrol in two.
It would take half the Ninth Fleet just to destroy Trelka Five. A cavalry raid. Ancient Earth soldiers mounted on horseback. They had the speed to charge behind enemy lines to stir up trouble, and the mobility to keep from being caught. How many ships will you take? Do you want to take the Defiant? You mean you might be bringing company back with you? With phasers charged. [Klingon Bridge] (A female officer is giving her updates to Martok and Darok.)
I think that's what I'm going to remember most about this war. Looking through casualty reports. Sometimes it feels like that's all I do. Stare at the names of the dead. When the war started, I read every name. I felt it was the least I could do to honour their sacrifices. But now the names have begun to blur together. Maybe. Go ahead. On my way. [Defiant mess hall] Mister O'Brien, keep an eye out for more Jem'Hadar ships. Quark, is there something we can do for you? All right, you've just said hello. Quark! Away team, you're with me. Mister Worf, she's all yours. Those are Federation phasers. Hold your fire! I'm Captain Benjamin Sisko of the USS Defiant. We're coming out. [Base camp] No harm was done. Where's Captain Loomis? Who's in command? Ben Sisko. Where do you want your supplies? If we can figure out how it works, we should be able to tap into their entire comm. system. We can't let that happen. I appreciate what you've gone through, and I will make sure that Starfleet understands your situation. But from what I hear, our forces are spread pretty thin in this system. Chances are, you're going to be stuck here for a while longer. (to Larkin) I think you've set up a solid defence perimeter, but you need to tighten this flank. I understand, but right now there's nothing I can do about that. (Bang!) You must've swept the compound for anti-personnel mines. I wish I could tell you that things were going to get easier for you. Go ahead. [Bridge] Stand by, Mister Worf. Take evasive action, Mister Worf. We're staying here. You have your orders, Commander. What are you looking at? We have work to do. There's only one order, Lieutenant. We hold. (Everyone is watching from behind rocks.) We need to find out how many Jem'Hadar troops landed and where they are. But that's all they know. They don't know our defence positions or how many of us there are. Hear anything, Ensign? What about the Jem'Hadar? Keep your ears open, Ensign. (Reese is sharpening a Jem'Hadar blade.) See anything? Hold your fire! (The Jem'Hadar vanish.) They weren't here to begin with. It was a way for them to see what they were up against, determine our numbers. Not yet we aren't. For now. But next time they won't send holograms. (BOOM - another houdini mine has gone off.) They'll have to get along without you for a while. We have to find the Houdinis and disarm them. Larkin says you like a challenge. I can't think of higher praise. (Sisko leaves.) Nog. I'm sending you, Larkin and Reese out on a scouting patrol. I need to know what I'm up against. How many Jem'Hadar are out there, where they're camped, and what kind of weapons they have with them. Our tricorders aren't working. Exactly. He has his orders, Quark. (The patrol leaves.) Jake is not a Starfleet officer. [Bunker] (A tricorder comes to life.) Stretcher! Larkin? Damn. How many troops? We'll have to even out the odds. I'm working on it. Well how's Nog? Quark. We will, as soon as we can. I'm sorry. Now you listen to me, Quark, because I'm only going to say this one time. I care about Nog and every soldier under my command. Understood? Every single one. [Base camp infirmary] At ease, Ensign. About what? You found the Jem'Hadar camp. Nog, listen to me. You followed orders. You did what you were trained to do. I'm proud of you. I'm glad. I hope to God it is. Remember, no one moves until I say so. Go ahead, Lieutenant. (Ezri and Kellin trigger the tricorders and mines appear at varying heights, some very close to our heroes.) We're not going to disarm them. We're going to use them. [Bunker] (They use the sandy floor to plan the strategy.) Then that's where we'll relocate the mines. I also want you to reprogramme them so that they're triggered by movement. What's the matter, old man? Don't you think it'll work? Sooner or later, the Jem'Hadar are going to come through those barricades and when they do, the fewer there are, the better our chances of survival. You have your orders. [Base camp] I know how you feel. I wouldn't count on it. (Vic Fontaine singing 'I'll Be Seeing You' comes through the comm. system) Fire! (They manage to hold the line, but the Jem'Hadar get closer and close through sheer numbers. Starfleet take casualties. Then the Jem'Hadar breach the line. Sisko goes hand to hand with one soldier. Reese gets himself another white tube. Sisko is hand to hand with other soldiers and Ezri is knocked out by one. Kellin kills the Jem'Hadar before he shoots Ezri, then gets shot in the back himself.) I think so. (Sisko gets up. There's no shooting now, just fires and groans and Bashir doing triage. Ezri cradles Kellin.) We held. Yes, Mister Worf. What about our people? Good. I'll return to the Defiant shortly. It cost enough. [Base camp] (The replacements are arriving, and it is still dark on this planet.) Not for long. Ready? (Reese throws his Jem'Hadar knife into the ground.) Sisko to Defiant. Three to beam up. [Captain's office] How many this time? Seventeen hundred thirty. They're not just names. It's important we remember that. We have to remember. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Chief. When did you realise she was missing? Did you check the entry log? Anything, Mister Worf? Their transporters operate over longer distances than ours. What's their maximum range?
Colonel, are you sure this is the right transport? (reads the PADD) Medical leave? How could that be? I'm afraid they're genuine. Ensign Nog has no duties until further notice. Except to attend a welcome home party in the wardroom. Jake says he's sleeping over eighteen hours a day and Julian says he's missed his last two physical therapy appointments. What should do we do? Not my first choice. But he is living in a holosuite. All right. Are you sure this is in Nog's best interest? Then someone should talk to Vic, make him aware of Nog's emotional and physical condition. And it's very generous of you. Keep me informed. [Holosuite - Las Vegas lounge] (Vic is in everyday clothes.)
What? He told me he was going home to visit his father. Doctor, please. So where is he? He's not a detective. He's an engineer. He is my Chief Engineer and now he's missing! So, who is this woman he's supposed to be looking for. Bilby, Bilby. The man he befriended during  that undercover operation last year? And now they're both missing. Perfect. So he decided to turn into a one man police force. New Sydney. It's in the Sappora System, right? I want a written report, detailing everything you know about this woman, O'Brien's plan to find her, and everything else you neglected to mention to me. No, you may not, and I want that report on my desk within the hour. [Ezri's quarters] And since your family still lives in the Sappora System, I thought they might have a few contacts on New Sydney. Your personnel file says she owns the fifth largest pergium mining facility in the entire sector. Please. (Ezri sits) Do you think she'd be willing to intervene with the local authorities to look into what happened to the Chief? That's the first good news I've heard all day. Something wrong? Oh. I'm sure she understood what you were going through. You weren't prepared to be joined. She couldn't blame you for being confused. Not for the first time? If there was any other way, I wouldn't ask you to do this. Thanks, old man.
I agree. If we don't move soon, the ionic storms will isolate our position. Something wrong, gentlemen? They're already that colour. I'm glad you approve. Hmm? Carry on. (Martok and Sisko leave.)
A gun? You said this is tritanium, right? Chief, did you ever hear of a TR one one six rifle? That's right. Anywhere where a normal phaser would be useless. If I'm not mistaken, the TR one one six rifle fired a chemically propelled tritanium bullet. That doesn't mean the killer couldn't have gotten hold of the rifle's replication patterns. Disturbing thought, isn't it? Then the killer must have fired at point blank range. How did you know that? So, if the killer did fire from close range, why aren't there any powder burns? Was he alone? What do we know about Ilario, outside of his service record? Not everyone. I want to know everything there is to know about him. Who his friends were, if he made any enemies. I also want increased security throughout the station. And Constable Report. Did Ilario and Vanderweg know each other? But why Ilario? And why Vanderweg? Did someone have a personal grudge against either one of them? Or is someone just killing our officers at random? Odo, we have to narrow the field of suspects. How well did you do in forensic psychology at the Academy? We have to find out why the killer's doing this. You mind explaining this? I'm told that if Odo hadn't stopped you, you'd have stabbed Ensign Bertram. I'd say so. Bertram didn't kill anyone. Because a month ago, he accessed the replicator patterns on TR one one six without authorisation. Because he collects weapons. Federation, Klingon, and Cardassian. True. But the fact that he was on Bajor when the first murder occurred does. You've been under a lot of stress lately, so The bullet pierced his heart?
So, where is he now? You believe his story? How can we be sure he's not a Founder? Well, Constable, I'm sure you can appreciate why I'd have reservations about that. We're still at war with your people. The Founders have deceived us before. All right, Constable. I'll release him into your custody. Doctor Bashir wasn't able to save the Klingon's life. General Martok has asked that Laas be detained until the Magistrate can determine jurisdiction. The Klingons want to extradite him. Are you saying that's not true? The Klingons are arguing that since Laas knew he couldn't be harmed by a knife, that he wasn't justified in responding with deadly force. In this case, the Klingons are exercising their rights under the law. They claim that he surrounded them menacingly. They weren't the only ones. There are twelve other people who filed complaints. It's not a crime, but obviously it's not a good idea. That's not my decision. It's up to the Magistrate. That's quite enough, Constable. Now, Martok has expressed concerns about our security arrangements. He's not sure it's appropriate that you should be in charge of the prisoner. Because you were a witness to the alleged crime. Escaped? How did he get through the containment field? If he left the station, why didn't our sensors detect him? General Martok is not going to be happy about this Mister Worf, have all available runabouts begin a sector wide search. Constable, I know it's a long shot, but I'm sure you can agree we should do everything we can to find him. Dismissed. [Turbolift]
Can't say I'm surprised. From what we've seen of them, Section Thirty one is very meticulous in covering their tracks. I had a conversation with Admiral Ross this afternoon. He and I both agree that the Romulan conference is too important to cancel. Starfleet Command has promised to send the expert on Dominion biogenic weapons and Ketracel white to the conference. Since that's you, you go. And we want you to carry out your assignment. Make a few discreet observations on the Romulan leadership and then wait for Sloan to contact you again. That was my instinct as well, but after talking to Ross I think we might have an opportunity here we can turn to our advantage. Officially, Starfleet Command has said that they are appalled at the very notion that an organisation like Section Thirty one might exist, and that they plan to get to the bottom of this entire business. They have quietly pushed the investigation aside, which means either they don't take Section Thirty one seriously or someone at Starfleet Command is protecting them. Either way, we now have a chance to get someone inside and I think I want to take it. Exactly. When he contacts you to find out what you learned at the conference, make it seem like you've reluctantly come around to his way of thinking. Let him believe that he has seduced you into helping him. One more thing, Doctor. Remember this isn't a game. Section Thirty one is very dangerous. If Sloan suspects that you are really working for us. Good hunting. [Bellerophon mess hall]
What news? I see. When do you plan on to going back to work? My daddy taught me everything I know. So, how was your day? Something happen? Vic? Nothing. A little. Kasidy, can we talk about something else? Does it matter? You like going there and I don't. Let's leave it at that. And I gave you my answer. Well, maybe that's part of the attraction. You're in charge of what? Kasidy, I can't believe you're involved in this thing. The whole thing is ridiculous. And you're telling me that virtually my entire senior staff is a part of this nonsense? Look, this is not about Vic Fontaine. You want to know? You really want to know what my problem is? I'll tell you. Las Vegas nineteen sixty two, that's my problem. In nineteen sixty two, black people weren't very welcome there. Oh, sure they could be performers or janitors, but customers? Never. But don't you see, that's the lie. In nineteen sixty two, the Civil Rights movement was still in its infancy. It wasn't an easy time for our people and I'm not going to pretend that it was. We cannot ignore the truth about the past. And we certainly can't let that happen. Now, exactly what do you need me to do? (Later, much later, Bashir is finishing the pretzels.) And we're not going to. Take us through it again. Eight minutes. That's how long we have to get into the countroom, open the safe, grab the money, and then get out again. Then we have no choice. We go tomorrow night. Ten thousand. Too much? Two thousand. [Holosuite - Las Vegas lounge] Here's where things get interesting. Come on, seven. [Holosuite- Countroom] Let it ride, let it ride. (Vic and O'Brien see Ezri come out of the countroom.) Beginner's luck. For the dealers. I wonder what's taking them so long. Now what? Zeemo! Tonight everyone's a winner. (Sisko throws dollar bills into the air. Chaos as the blonde and Cicci start grabbing. Bashir throws his notes too. The safe's still not opening.)
I'm afraid we're going to have to call off the search. We don't have any choice. There are a dozen Jem'Hadar ships closing on our position. Let's face it, the odds aren't good. We don't even know if he made it off the Koraga. I'm sorry. [Dominion briefing room]
Let's get married. I love you. I want to spend my life with her. The Prophets didn't say that I can't, they just said that I shouldn't. Everything I do is their business. No, she's on a cargo run. She won't be back for a couple of days. Jake, you're not making me feel better. Send her in. We'll talk later. (Jake leaves by a corridor door, Winn and her entourage enter.) Eminence. That's very kind of you, but I'm not sure that it's necessary. The Prophets came to me in a vision. They warned me that I was going to have to face a great trial. I'm afraid not. The Prophets don't always make themselves clear. Eminence. [Ops] The Sisko has faltered. You must bring the Restoration. He will come to you. Bajor's fate rests with you. (The Vision ends.) [Ops] It's lovely. We need to talk. There's something I haven't told you. A few days ago, one of the Prophets came to me in a vision. It was Sarah. She said the path that I was meant to walk is for me alone. That you can't walk it with me. She said I would know nothing but sorrow if I ignored her warning. No, it wasn't anything like that. She was worried for me. Like a mother would be. Kasidy, the Prophets see things that we can't. If she was that concerned, it must be for a good reason. Kasidy, I love you and I want to be with you. I can't. I can't go against the Prophets. (she gives him the shawl.) Kasidy, please, try and understand. (Kasidy pus the ring on the coffee table, picks up her bag and leaves.) [Breen cell] Not good enough. I told General Martok his ships would be repaired by tomorrow. I know you are. It's just that things are a little complicated for me now. Nerys, the Prophets came to me and told me that Kasidy and I are not meant to walk the same path. You would think they would tell me what it is. Not so far. There's always a first time. To them I'm The Sisko, an instrument to carry out their wishes, but they forget that I am also human, with dreams and wishes of my own. They say that marrying Kasidy is a mistake. Maybe it is, but it's my mistake to make. Yes. (Quark enters.) Thank you, Quark. I made a mistake. I don't care what the Prophets want. I want to marry you. We'll worry about the rest later. I won't. I love you. Okay, let's go. Where do you think? [Wardroom] (Bashir enters. Odo, Kira and Nog are sitting on comfy chairs. O'Brien is by the table. Quark is setting out a tray of champagne glasses. Jake, Sisko and Admiral Ross are at the far end.) I do. (Jake hands over the rings.) With this ring (Sisko goes into Limbo.) [Cargo bay] I've made my decision. Kasidy gives me strength. Why can't you understand that? [Captain's office] You shared my mother's existence. You must have some idea what love is. You should know that I will never be happy without Kasidy. I know. With this ring, I thee wed.
I think you're right. Yes. Lady Sirella draws the first blood. I'll keep that in mind. [Winn's bedroom] (The new lovers are having breakfast in bed.) Well, welcome home, Mrs Sisko. So, how was your cargo run? Welcome to the club. Which reminds me. Every spring, the Emissary holds a little ceremony to bless the women on the station who want to be mothers. There's been a request made. Several, in fact, that the new wife of the Emissary perform the ceremony this year. This week, actually. Kasidy. I wouldn't want you to do anything you're uncomfortable with. Take your time. Dinner won't be ready for another fifteen minutes. (Kasidy leaves.) And so the battle begins. [Cardassian holding cell] (They are trying to dismantle the leg of a cot.) We are of Bajor. There is no other path. She is the chosen one. She must embrace us. Give us your allegiance Kai Winn Adami. Feel our love. The love of the Pah wraiths. (Sisko's eyes glow red and he shows her a Pah wraith cult earring.)
Mister Worf. We'll evaluate your actions later, old man. Right now I'd like to know everything you've learned about this Breen Dominion alliance. Why do you think Damar decided to help you escape? Maybe one day you'll be able to return the favour. Doctor, I'd like a complete medical workup on both of them. Go ahead. I had a lot of friends in those buildings. Starfleet was able to destroy most of the Breen attack force, but by then most of the damage had been done. That's about all we know. Our intelligence reports are sketchy at best. Let's hope you're right. But whatever the weakness is, we'd better find it soon. [Dominion briefing room] Kasidy, what happened? What are you doing? You don't cook. My peppers? It took me three months to grow them. No one touches my peppers. That's a good idea. Our last few nights together? No, you're not going anywhere. It's too dangerous. We don't know where they're going to attack next. I would feel if you were closer to me. I can't talk you out of it? Very good. Neither am I. I just hope we don't have to find out. Constable, do you mind if we use your office a moment? Well, it looks like the Bajoran Freight and Shipping Authority wants you to take a vacation. I never once mentioned the word Emissary. I'm just trying to keep you out of harm's way. Is that such a terrible thing for a husband to do? Kasidy, it's only for a month. Look, that's not the same thing. I know that. [Promenade] (Watching the continuing discussion.) Then you forgive me? You're back on the active list. I'm not to interfere with your work unless you tell me to. Or it's absolutely necessary. I'm just joking. What's that for? Ah, that must be Quark with the necklace. Just in case the flowers didn't work. (Sisko opens the door.) Have they broken through? When do I leave? [Bridge] Commander. Colonel, set a course to rendezvous with the Federation assault fleet. Take us out. All auxiliary power to forward shields. Colonel, attack pattern Delta. Mister Worf, quantum torpedoes. Fire! (KABOOM! goes an enemy cruiser.) Fire. (The enemy gets off an energy bolt just before it goes KaBoom. Electricity dances over Defiant's hull, and inside the bridge. Systems failure 408.) Chief? Abandon ship. You heard me. Everyone get to the escape pods now! (Bashir carries Kira. O'Brien helps up another injured crewman. Sisko takes a last look around.) She's a fine ship. The Defiant was the finest ship I ever commanded. There'll never be another one like her. We need to buy some time. Colonel, see if you can get confirmation on that. We need to find a way to help him. Legate Damar may be the key to saving the Alpha Quadrant. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
But one didn't. A Bird of Prey called the Ki'tang. Unfortunately, no. Your ships are still vulnerable, and so are ours. Thank you, Mister O'Brien. (O'Brien leaves.) Obviously the Klingons can't go head to head with the Dominion, but they may be able to keep them distracted. With any luck, they'll be able to keep the Dominion off balance and prevent them from launching an offensive. No, they can't. But fortunately we're not the only ones the Dominion has to contend with right now. They may have failed to capture Rondac, but their attack sent a message to the Cardassian people. If the rebels can show them that they have a chance of succeeding, their support will grow. Yes, but they have to adjust their tactics. Concentrate on small scale hit and run attacks, sabotaging key facilities. No, he doesn't. Which is why we have to send him someone who does. [Captain's office] I'm aware of the irony. But the tactics you used to drive the Cardassians off Bajor are exactly what the situation calls for. You're going to have to put your personal feelings aside. Whether you like Damar or not is irrelevant. We need him. The Dominion knows they have to stop his rebellion before it spreads, and it's up to you to see that they don't. It's as simple as that. I suggest you talk to Mister Garak about that. He still has contacts on Cardassia. If I were you, I'd ask him to join your team. He could be useful. In the morning. Chancellor Gowron is travelling all the way from Kronos to induct him into the Order of Kahless. I'd be nervous, too. (Doorbell.) Come in. By all means. Yes, Mister Garak? No, sir. Colonel Kira is the best person for the job. There's another way around this problem. [Security office] General, Mister Worf. (The airlock opens and Gowron comes out.) Welcome to Deep Space Nine, Chancellor. You know Admiral Ross. I guess we're not invited. [Infirmary] We're next. I wish I were. That's what the bloodwine's for. Congratulations, General.
General Martok and I both advised you against attacking a world so deep inside Dominion territory. He was outnumbered six to one at Avenal. He didn't hide behind anything. He fought harder and longer than I would have in his place. Have you read Worf's after-action report? Seven Klingon ships destroyed. Five others severely damaged. General Martok himself in critical condition in the Rotarran Sickbay. That's not the point! This whole operation was a waste of resources, men and equipment. The blame lies with the man who ordered the mission in the first place, not with the man who tried to carry it out. This has nothing to do with loyalty. How's Martok? I'm glad to hear that. Mister Worf, we've got a serious problem on our hands. He seems hell bent on continuing these offensives regardless of the cost. That may be true, but I hope he's not a fool. He's risking the entire defence posture. Why can't he see that? You mean Martok? Are you telling me that this is a political vendetta? Something has to be done. Do whatever it takes, Mister Worf. Those Klingon ships out there are the only thing between us and the Breen. Gowron is risking the safety of the entire Alpha Quadrant and he has to stop.
Chief, is there anything else before they go? Well, then. Good hunting to you both. (Garak nods and leaves.) Doctor, is there anything I can do to help? Any additional resources you might want from Starfleet Medical? Whatever's going on, I want to know it right now. Section Thirty One? What do they have to do with this? What? Genocide. Committed by people who call themselves Federation citizens. Why didn't you come to me earlier with this? I'm still waiting for an answer to my question. What difference did that make? So you're trying to lure one of their operatives to the station. Okay, let's say it works. What then? How do you propose to do that? They're not going to be very cooperative. Oh. Since they're illegal in the Federation, I'll assume that's another reason you didn't come to me. Well, setting aside all the legal and ethical issues involved, I still think this is a pretty long shot. Do you mind telling me what going on here? Sloan. He works for Section Thirty One. Definitely not. Sisko to Infirmary. Send a medical team to Science Lab four right away. Did you find the information you were looking for? Sloan is dying. We can't risk losing you as well. Did you locate the cure? He died about two minutes ago. He almost took you with him.
Anything yet? This is no way to start a relationship. On screen. (Now that's a familiar looking ship.) That's what happens when you miss staff meetings. Let's hope she fights like her. [Bridge] (The dedication plaque says USS SAO PAULO. NCC 75633. Launched SD 52889.3. All the production staff are listed, starting with Rick Berman and Michael Piller. It ends with Chief of Staff Gene Roddenberry. Motto - Give me liberty or give me death - Patrick Henry.) I relieve you, sir. She has some big shoes to fill. (Ross and his staff leave.) Special dispensation from the Chief of Starfleet Operations to change the name from Sao Paulo to Defiant. (Everyone checks out their consoles.) Hello, ship. [Jem'Hadar Bridge] The Federation Council considered giving the Founders the cure, then they decided against it. I don't condone what Section Thirty One did, but the Founders started this war, not us. Giving them the cure would strengthen their hand. We can't do that. Not when there are still millions of men and women out there putting their lives on the line every day. Odo, I wish I didn't have to say this, but I need to know you're not going to take matters into your own hands. That's all I needed to hear. That would be my guess. That's what they're hoping we'll do, give them time to rebuild their forces. If we do nothing, the Dominion could sit behind that perimeter for the next five years rearming themselves. And when they're ready to come out, God help us all. Then it's settled. We attack. [Sisko's quarters] You're up late. You were waiting for me? What's wrong? Are you sure? Oh, baby, I didn't mean. A baby. You and me. Wow. Surprise is right. How did? You? One of us Julian reminded me of that. It's just that the way things been going on I'm not. Are you kidding? This, this is wonderful. But you don't? Kasidy, we have been through this. Shh. Nothing is going to happen to our baby. I am the Emissary of the Prophets and I know that nothing is going to happen. Everything is going to be all right. We're going to have a baby.
How's that? Well, if it will help, morning sickness ends after the first trimester. You're going to make it. I promise. I said I promise. Come in. I'd like that. She doesn't like taking medication unless it's absolutely necessary. You're sure I can't get you anything? All right people, what do you say we end this war? Ensign, I believe you know the way to Cardassia. Do you hear that, Chief? Ensign, how's she handling? Chief? I wish she were here, too, Constable. The Colonel's a survivor. And it will. Soon. One way or the other. (And the Prophets haul him into Limbo) [Promenade] (Outside the Shrine.) Mother? Are you talking about the war? I don't intend to. The Prophets came to me in a vision I'm not sure. Only time will tell. [Winn's office] (Winn is studying the Kosst Amojan when Dukat enters.) Put them through. (A split screen conference call.) That the three of us would share a bottle of bloodwine on Cardassia Prime. He knows it won't be. Sisko to all hands. Prepare to engage the enemy. (After the break, ships are having holes blows in them. Several Defiant-class ships are whizzing around.) So do you, Ensign. Mister Worf? Evasive action, pattern Delta. Well done, Ensign. I wouldn't be too worried about it. There are plenty more to choose from. [Cardassian cellar] On screen. We'll try to help. It's too well protected, but their lines are spread pretty thin in the middle. (BOOM) On my way. Dax, have attack wings sixty four and sixty five follow us. You heard him, Chief. Dax, we need some support from our attack fighters. Ensign, get us out of here. (BOOM) The timing couldn't be better. Come about and head for the centre of their lines. This is our chance to punch through. On screen. Not yet it isn't. What if they use this time to rebuild their fleet? Admiral, with the Cardassians joining us, we have an opportunity to put an end to this war once and for all. All right, people. You heard the orders. Let's finish what we started. [Bajoran fire caves] (Winn and Dukat stand on the edge of an abyss.) Sisko to Bashir. Report. [Medical bay] (All the beds are full) Doctor, I need every able-bodied crewman at their post. I'd say she did fine, Ensign. Mister Worf? That'll have to do. How are you holding up, old man? Well, that makes two of us. Well, let's see what they have waiting for us. On screen. (A closely packed sphere of Dominion ships around the planet.) Now we know. [Cardassian alley] (Garak examines a door, then returns to hide behind barrels.) When do we go? The Dominion is beaten and they know it, but they're going to make us pay for every kilometre of the planet. Let's get on with it. We're glad to find you in one piece, Commander. What's your status? Is your position secure? Then they will fight to the last man. You haven't had much success with her in the past. Very well. Commander, tell the Founder that Odo is going to pay her a visit. [Bajoran fire caves] (Winn pours wine into a goblet and holds it aloft.) Suddenly I'm not thirsty. That doesn't mean I have to drink a toast over their bodies. (Sisko and Ross pour their bloodwine on the ground and leave.) Commander Worf. Can you spare a moment? Thank you, Mister Worf. I'll probably regret this in the morning, but if it's what you want, then by all means. The honour is mine. New Orleans is a gorgeous city. You'd better get used to it. Things are going to be pretty different around here now. To the best crew any captain ever had. This may be the last time we're all together, but no matter what the future holds, no matter how far we travel, a part of us, a very important part, will always remain here on Deep Space Nine. I understand now. What I have to do. What I was meant to do. Kasidy, I have to go. To Bajor. To the fire caves. No, I have to do this alone. [Bajoran fire caves] I should have known the demon would be you. You are pathetic. First the Dominion, now the Pah wraith. You have a talent for picking the losing side. The Pah wraith will never conquer anything. Not Bajor. Not the Celestial Temple. And certainly not the Alpha Quadrant. I am. Sarah? Are you here? What happened? But the Pah wraiths. The book was the key, wasn't it? And Dukat? Is he dead? I intend to. As soon as I return to Deep Space Nine. Kasidy. The Celestial Temple. I can't. Not now. It's difficult to explain. It's not linear. My life, my destiny. The Prophets saved me, Kasidy. I'm their Emissary and they still have a great deal for me to do. But first, there is much to learn. Things only the Prophets can teach me. It's hard to say. Maybe a year, maybe yesterday. But I will be back.
