Hello, Doctor. I have another assignment for you. I take it I'm supposed to feel shocked and humbled by your ingenuity. What do you want, Doctor? What are you talking about? You already have the cure. No. No, you don't. Your message to Starfleet Medical was just bait. Well, you've got me. What good do you think is going to come of this? Turning me over to Starfleet Security will be a waste of time. You don't have a shred of evidence. What? (Bashir turns off the forcefield and shoots Sloan.) [Science lab] (Sloan is held on a bed by another forcefield.) Shooting an unarmed man? That's a little ungallant, isn't it? You're probably right. Hello, Chief. How's the family? Everyone okay at home? Nothing. I'd just hate to see anything happen to them. That's easy for him to say. He doesn't have a wife and children to worry about. Trust me, Chief, if something were to happen to me So, am I supposed to guess what's going on or do I have to lay here in terror waiting for you to tell me? What makes you think I know anything about it? You call that reasoning? If I wanted to eliminate your work, all I'd have to do is destroy your lab. You really expect me to tell you? They're also illegal in the Federation. I'm telling you I don't know anything about the cure. If Sisko finds out what you're doing Julian, I'm sorry about Odo, but I can't let you have the cure. I can't take a chance it'll fall into the hands of the Founders. I misread you. I thought you were just a misguided idealist. But you're a dangerous man. People like you would destroy the Federation if given a chance. Fortunately there are people like me who will die to protect it. (Sloan clenches his jaw, he convulses and an alarm goes off.) Doctor. Chief O'Brien. Welcome. I can't tell you how happy I am to see you. [Corridor] Believe me, Doctor, nothing would give me greater pleasure. But first, there are a few people I'd like you to meet. But you just arrived. Ah, I see. You're afraid that if I die while you're still in here you'll die, too. Yes, well we can't let that happen, can we. We'd better hurry. All right. If you insist. It's a simple nucleotide marking sequence. Radodine, lide-what's-anine, ninoranphew, tardanine. (distorted) Lide-what's-anine, ninoranphew, tardanine. Believe me, I want to tell you everything you need to know. I can't. Lide-what's-anine, ninoranphew, tardanine. You see? I suppose there's some part of me that doesn't want you to know. Well not until you come to the wardroom. I don't blame you for being suspicious, but if you want the cure, you're going to have to trust me. And the clock is ticking. Follow me. (Further on) Relax, Doctor. I'm the one dying, not you. Excuse me? I wanted you to feel at home. Comfortable. I thought it was the decent thing to do. [Wardroom] (It's party time.) Everyone, if I could have your attention, please. Now that we're all here I hope you'll forgive me if I take a moment and say a few words. As I stand here, reunited with my friends and my family for one last time, I want you, the people I love, to know just how sorry I am for all the pain that I've caused you. I dedicated my life to the preservation and the protection of the Federation. This duty, which I carried out to the best of my ability, took precedence over everything else. My parents, my wife, my children. I lived in a world of secrets, of sabotage and deceit. I spent so much time erasing my movements, covering my tracks, that now that I look back at my life, I find nothing. It's as if I never really existed. I cheated you all out of being in my life. And what's more, I cheated myself as well. Now I know a simple apology won't change that. Still, I feel the need to apologise anyway. No tears, please. My death isn't a tragedy, it's a celebration. In death, I can finally step out of the shadows and prove to myself that I existed. That I lived. (Applause.) Gentlemen, I'd like you to meet my wife, Jessica. This is Doctor Bashir and Chief O'Brien. If it weren't for them, I wouldn't be here. Doctor, you've been a beacon of light to me. You're living proof that ideology is a poor substitute for kindness and decency, and that at the end of the day, it's our actions, not our beliefs, that define who we are. What we are. You want me to tell you how to cure Odo. Gladly, Doctor. My dear, I need that PADD I gave you for safekeeping. Thanks, muffin. Here you go, Doctor. (The door opens and Sloan gets shot. It's the old leather-clad version of Sloan.) I'm sorry, Doctor, but I can't let you have that. (The room is empty.) Welcome to Section Thirty One, gentlemen. You don't really expect me to help you. (Bashir starts going through a pile of PADDs.) You sure you want to throw that one away? It's not just any report. That's on Jaresh-Inyo. The one and only. Just one of the little nuggets lying around in this once tidy room. You'd be amazed at what you could find. It's not that simple, Chief. There is no building, no room like this in the real world. Section Thirty One has no headquarters. These files, they exist only in the minds of a very select group of people, and I happen to be one of them. If you really want to destroy Section Thirty One, it's now or never. All my secrets are yours for the taking, Doctor. If you want them badly enough. You're making a terrible mistake, Doctor.
Starfleet Intelligence has reason to believe that there's been a security breach aboard Deep Space Nine. It appears that someone has been passing information to the Dominion. I hope you're right, Commander. I really do. But until we determine the source, we have to follow standard containment procedures and isolate all members of the senior staff. You'll be contacted shortly. I'll be conducting interviews with each one of you. For the time being, you are not to discuss this matter amongst yourselves. Any questions? That's difficult to say, Doctor, but don't worry. We've already informed Starfleet Medical that you won't be attending your conference. Take them to their quarters. Thank you. (Chandler leaves.) Doctor Bashir. Have a seat, please. I'm sorry you had to miss your medical conference. It couldn't be helped. In a case like this, I have to follow strict procedures. Maybe it's a blessing in disguise. The last time you tried to attend a medical conference you were taken prisoner by the Dominion. I'm sure you wouldn't. Five weeks in a Dominion prison camp? I can't imagine what that must have been like. I read your report. It made me ask myself how I would have held up under those conditions. I guess you never really know until you go through it. I was just reading over some of your case reports. Fascinating stuff. The work you did with those genetically enhanced patients. Very impressive. Before you started working with them, Starfleet Medical described them as alienated, uncommunicative and hostile. You were the first doctor who managed to establish a dialogue with them. You spoke their language. I envy your profession. You have a positive impact on people's lives. You know, I considered becoming a doctor myself. Not this time. Well, I see no need to trouble you any longer. Thank you for your cooperation. (Chandler enters.) Lieutenant Chandler will take you back to your quarters now. I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to stay there until I've finished with the rest of the interviews. Actually, we took them offline. To prevent anyone from trying to replicate a communications device or a weapon. What would you like? I'll have it sent right to your quarters. Coming right up. Doctor, one more thing. Those genetically enhanced patients of yours. Did Starfleet Medical ask you to work with them, or did you volunteer? I see. Very good. [Bashir's quarters] Did you get your breakfast, Doctor? Good. I was going over my notes from our last conversation and there are a couple of things I'd like you to clarify. Do you have a problem with that? Let's go back to the time you spent with the Dominion. You were held at Internment Camp three seven one? Barrack six? And you were there five weeks? You're absolutely sure about that? And General Martok was with you in barrack six? He said that the Jem'Hadar removed you from the barracks. I see. And did you meet with anyone during that week? Are you sure about that? You didn't meet with a Vorta? Or a changeling? So, you're telling me that you spent seven days in complete isolation? Now that's odd, because General Martok said you were gone for seven days. Why would he lie about something like that? You can't both be right. And you weren't? Especially when they're genetically engineered? Let's move on to the matter of your escape from the camp. I'll quote from your own report. We constructed a transmitter using components from the barracks' life support system. We used it to contact our runabout and beam ourselves out of the camp. Forgive me, Doctor. That sounds a little hard to believe. Why would the Dominion leave your runabout orbiting the camp unattended? Why not? They left you everything you needed to build a transmitter. Isn't it more plausible that the Dominion wanted you to escape? So that you could start working for them. How can you be sure? How can you be sure you're not working for them? Are you familiar with the term engramatic dissociation? The theory holds that if a person's mind is sufficiently disciplined, he'd be capable of compartmentalising contradictory information, believing one thing while doing another. I think you possess that kind of mind. I think the Dominion saw that and decided to take advantage of it. I think they broke you and turned you to their cause, and then had you suppress the memory of what happened. What could be more perfect? There's no chance of your getting caught because you don't even realise you're working for them. When they want to debrief you, all they do is trigger your memory. Doctor, I am trying to help you, but I need your cooperation. I need you to tear down the walls inside your mind and dredge up a fragment of a memory, anything about your mission, your contacts. I know it's not easy, but you've got to try. I've had enough of your lies, Doctor. You think you're smarter than the rest of us, don't you? You think you're smarter than the millions of brave men and women who put their lives on the line for the Federation. You want to do things the hard way, fine, but I'm going to get the truth out of you, and when I'm done I'm going to take whatever's left of you and lock it away. Guards! [Promenade] (Bashir is in handcuffs and under heavy guard.) That's exactly what I think. When my son's convoy dropped out of warp to rendezvous with a Klingon bird of prey, they found three Dominion attack ships waiting for them instead. I think it gives me an added incentive to go after the truth. Now what was it you wanted? I can understand that. But security protocol require that no one talk to the prisoner without clearance from me. No, I haven't. I believe so. Well, we'll see each other tomorrow. In the meantime, enjoy your conversation. (Sloan leaves.) Let's go back a few years to the incident at  Bopak Three. According to your report, you and Chief O'Brien crash landed on the planet, where you then made contact with a group of Jem'Hadar. If that's the case, why didn't you attempt to escape? According to Chief O'Brien, you were more interested in curing the Jem'Hadar of their addiction to Ketracel White. They're the enemy. Genetically engineered killing machines. Why? Because you felt sympathy for them, being genetically engineered yourself? It's not irrelevant, Captain. If anything, it shows that he was already sympathetic to the Dominion. But let's move on. Doctor, we spoke yesterday about a group of  genetically enhanced patients that you brought to the station. Why, exactly, did you decide to work with them? A laudable goal, but what I find puzzling is the way you went about it. These misfits had been sheltered from the outside world for as long as they could remember, yet you chose to bombard them with information about the war with the Dominion. Frankly, I'm surprised it didn't scare them into a deeper isolation. Is that why you convinced Starfleet Command to give them access to classified battle plans? How to win the war? You recommended that the Federation surrender. Captain, you took the time to examine the findings, didn't you? Did you agree with them? Of course not. No loyal Starfleet officer could. What other kind of case can I make against a man who covers his tracks so well? Captain, if Doctor Bashir had been involved in one or two questionable incidents, I could understand how you might be able to dismiss it, but the sheer number of incidents form a pattern of behaviour that can't be ignored. I understand you want to be loyal to a man who's served under you for so long. I understand you'd be inclined to take his word over that of an outsider. But step back for a moment and think about it. This man concealed the truth about his  illegal genetic enhancement for over thirty years. He lied to get his medical licence. He lied to get into Starfleet. He lied to you when he came aboard this station and he's been lying to you ever since. That's right, he did. Why? Why? What made you confess? Was it because you realised that it was your duty to be honest with your captain? Was it because you felt guilty about having lied to him for so long? Then why did you come forward? And if you hadn't been found out, would you have come forward and told your captain the truth, ever? I see. [Holding area] Sorry to interrupt your sleep, Doctor. It looks like you're going on a little vacation after all. Starbase fifty three for further questioning. It's none of his concern. Not anymore. Oh, but I do. Starfleet Special Order six six seven one five gives me the authority to neutralise security threats to Deep Space Nine by whatever means necessary. Doctor, you're about to spend the rest of this war in a maximum security cell. Unless you would care to put your thumbprint on this confession. We can reword it if it doesn't meet your exacting standards. I thought so. Take him to the shuttle. (Chandler lowers the forcefield.) He's beaming out! Stop him! [Cardassian ship] You're right, Doctor. None of it was real. But I am. And this isn't over. Congratulations, Doctor. It's not often that we're proven wrong. I'm leaning heavily in that direction. But to erase any lingering doubts, what do you say we make one final test? I assure you, Doctor, this is no game. (Sloan hands a device to a guard, who approaches Bashir with it) Don't be afraid. I have no intentions of hurting you. I just need to remove an implant from behind your right ear. I tell you what. Why don't you do the honours? Give it to him. Go ahead, Doctor. It's only a neuro-synaptic relay. That's correct. And now I'd like to check the findings in order to confirm what I already believe. That you're an innocent man. Now either you remove the relay or we will. (Bashir takes a chip out from behind his ear.) Thank you. This'll only take a moment. (Sloan puts the chip on a tricorder.) I'm glad to see your sense of humour's returning. That's a very good sign. You're beginning to relax. We subjected you to high levels of stress to ensure accurate test results. I'm glad to say the results are in your favour. Your loyalty to the Federation appears to be above reproach. Frankly, I would have preferred to have kept you under observation a little longer. Unfortunately, we didn't know about Chief O'Brien's injury or we would've incorporated that into the programme. I believe we allowed you a full hour. Not a new technique, I admit, but an effective one nonetheless. I would think it's obvious. The same people you work for. The Federation. Starfleet. No, of course not. Internal Affairs is a competent department, but limited. Let's just say I belong to another branch of Starfleet Intelligence. Our official designation is Section thirty one. We keep a low profile. Works out better that way for all concerned. We search out and identify potential dangers to the Federation. We deal with them. Quietly. We wouldn't be standing here having this conversation. We don't submit reports or ask for approval for specific operations, if that's what you mean. We're an autonomous department. Section thirty one was part of the original Starfleet charter. You make it sound so ominous. I admit it takes exceptional people to do what we do. People who can sublimate their own ambitions to the best interests of the Federation. People like you. You have all the qualifications to be a very useful member of Section thirty one. Well, you're intelligent, you're resourceful, you've always been fascinated by covert operations. Why else would you spend so much time in Quark's holosuites playing spy? We're on the same team. We believe in the same principles that every other Federation citizen holds dear. In order to protect them. Really. How many lives do you suppose you've saved in your medical career? Hundreds? Thousands? Do you suppose that those people give a damn that you lied to get into Starfleet Medical? I doubt it. We deal with threats to the Federation that jeopardise its very survival. If you knew how many lives we've saved, I think you'd agree that the ends do justify the means. I'm not afraid of bending the rules every once in a while if the situation warrants it, and I don't think you are either. I don't think so. In time, you'll come to agree with me. All I ask is that when you get back to Deep Space Nine, you consider what I've said. Let's just say I'm not going to lose any sleep over it. (A guard hypo's Bashir.) [Captain's office]
Hello, Doctor. It's good to see you. I hope you're well rested. Section Thirty one has an assignment for you. I suspect you'd be unable to communicate with anyone outside this room. Possible, but uncharacteristic. Screaming for help, that's too undignified for you. But don't let me stop you. I enjoy being wrong. I told you. You have an assignment. You passed the test. You were accepted into the organisation. You were, nevertheless. And now it's time to go to work. [Bashir's quarters] I'm sure you're dying to know what your mission is, but you won't give me the satisfaction of admitting it. So, I'll just tell you. Section Thirty one is extremely interested in this conference of yours. However, the Tal'Shiar will be handling the security arrangements, so we have virtually no chance of using any technical assets to gather intelligence. As a result, we'll be forced to rely on organic assets, like you. Your mission is to gather data on the Romulan leadership. In essence, we want you to take the pulse of their government. No pun intended. To evaluate an ally. And a temporary ally at that. I say that because when the war is over, the following will happen in short order. The Dominion will be forced back to the Gamma Quadrant, the Cardassian Empire will be occupied, the Klingon Empire will spend the next ten years recovering from the war and won't pose a serious threat to anyone. That leaves two powers to vie for control of the quadrant, the Federation and the Romulans. Well put. I hope your report is equally succinct. You will. It's in your nature. You are a man who loves secrets. Medical, personal, fictional. I am a man of secrets. You want to know what I know, and the only way to do that is to accept the assignment. (Sloan leaves. Bashir takes a phaser from a drawer and runs out.) [Corridor] (Sloan is nowhere in sight.) It's a line from an old Earth poem. Forgive me for interrupting. I couldn't help overhearing and etymology is one of my hobbies. The phrase 'never say die' is originally from a nineteenth century poem based on Shakespeare's 'Merchant of Venice.' Now, it's since passed into the vernacular as an exhortation never to give up, no matter the cost. Wendell Greer, Assistant Director, UFP Department of Cartography. Admiral. Senator. Ah. The physician from Deep Space Nine. I was hoping to meet you. I have so many questions about the Bajoran sector, the navigational anomalies, the transport patterns. Could you spare a moment? Unless I'm interrupting? Try to play your cards a little closer to your vest, Doctor. You're lucky they didn't see that look of shock on your face. All in due time. Now you have a lot of work do before we arrive at Romulus. There's a PADD in your quarters. Read it. I'll join you at twenty two hundred. [Bellerophon briefing room] Very good. Total recall is a useful attribute for an operative. (Next, the familiar sneering features of John Fleck.) The proof is buried somewhere in Koval's personal database, which puts it out of our reach for now. But believe me, Doctor, the Deputy Chief of Starfleet Intelligence doesn't just die of food poisoning. I have to give him credit though. It was a textbook operation. No sign of foul play, and certainly no sign of Romulan involvement. It was very tidy. Koval's political status? Which, in turn, opens the door for your friend, Senator Cretak. She's an advocate of the alliance and she's been lobbying for this open seat. There is another rumour about Koval which is not contained in his file. We've heard he's ill. Something called Tuvan Syndrome. If Koval is ill, he'll try to hide it. It's a weakness, and one that could hamper his chances of being appointed to the Committee. Our physicians weren't genetically enhanced. They need equipment to make a diagnosis. Equipment that the Romulans won't permit at this conference. Your genetically enhanced friends determined that Gul Damar killed a woman just by watching him give a political speech. I'm sure you can do better than that. (Koval's image vanishes.) Without confirming or denying your speculation, I will say that if Koval comes to power, it'll be a disaster for the Federation. He'll argue for the Romulans to abrogate the alliance and negotiate a separate peace with the Dominion. And I don't think I need to tell you what that would do to the course of the war. Let's make a deal, doctor. I'll spare you the ends justify the means speech and you spare me the we must do what's right speech. You and I are not going to see eye to eye on this subject, so I suggest we stop discussing it. Our mission is reconnaissance. You're not going to be called upon to do anything other than that. Now why don't you get some rest. We'll be in orbit of Romulus by oh six hundred and you will need to have your wits about you. [Romulan forum] (Plants, soft music, buffet tables, dress uniforms and lots of people. The Romulans are mostly in brown.) Very enlightening. You almost made it comprehensible. I'm glad to see you still have your sense of humour. I trust you noticed who was sitting in the front row. What did you think of his health? I heard you. Koval wants to get his hands on the Quickening. That's not news to me that the head of the Tal'Shiar is interested in biogenic weapons. Pull your head out of the sand, and take a look around, Doctor. These are not nice people we're dealing with here. Now answer my question. Bottom line? How long does he have? Are there any instances in which the disease accelerates without warning? Is there anything that could trigger the acceleration? Never mind. Thank you, Doctor. You've been very helpful. [Bellerophon briefing room] Hey. [Romulan lecture hall] You wanted to see me, Doctor? You didn't say that before. I thought Vulcans and Romulans were virtually identical. How could you find out for sure? What if you obtained a sample of his skin cells? Could you run an analysis? We'll treat your palm with a microcellular adhesive. The next time you shake his hand, you'll get your sample. I had to make sure nothing went wrong. And I wanted to watch you die. No! (Sloan grabs a weapon from his guard, and Koval vapourises him.) [Bellerophon briefing room] (Spotted the Voyager numbers as the Bellerophon sailed through space? Bashir has been struck by a thought in his quarters and gone to see Ross.) Good evening. I just wanted to say thank you. For being a decent human being. That's why we selected you in the first place, Doctor. We needed somebody who wanted to play the game, but who would only go so far. When the time came, you stood your ground. You did the right thing. You reached out to an enemy, you told her the truth, you tried to stop a murder. The Federation needs men like you, Doctor. Men of conscience, men of principle, men who can sleep at night. You're also the reason Section Thirty one exists. Someone has to protect men like you from a universe that doesn't share your sense of right and wrong. It is an honour to know you, Doctor. Goodnight. (Sloan leaves.)
