I'm busy. Jonathan Archer. What brings you here? They're naming the prison after you? I'm kind of in the middle of something. Well. I suppose it's not every day one gets to speak to the man who saved the planet. Please. (Archer steps into the cell) I apologise for the clutter. I'm not allowed traditional recording devices. (The guard closes the door and steps out of sight.) I was particularly proud of that. I made it all the way to Sausalito. On the rare occasion I get stuck on a problem, I find a vigorous escape attempt helps to clear the head. (Archer looks at a paper) Go ahead. They're DNA sequences. That one is for a modification of the human T-cell. It would render Sharat Syndrome a thing of the past. That one increases the visual spectrum by five percent. Of course, none of this will ever be tested. They clear out my room every few months. I'm told it all gets vaporised. How can a supposedly intelligent species reject technology that would enhance ability, relieve suffering? So did splitting the atom, yet the first ships to colonise the solar system were nuclear-powered. But you're not here to discuss that. I read the reports. I understand the Klingons are quite annoyed. Looks like you might've saved Earth for nothing. Let me guess. Human? I see. Permission to come aboard, sir? No need for an introduction. I admire your people very much. We share a similar view of humanity. That it could stand some improvement. I've heard of you, but I don't recognise your face. You're not getting your fair share of publicity. We're on a starship soon to be at high warp. Where exactly would I go? If I could examine the DNA samples the Klingons recovered, I could tell you something about the current state of the Augments. A laboratory would be preferable, your Sickbay. Doctor Phlox's reputation rivals my own, before I was imprisoned, of course. I'd enjoy trading notes with him. Malik. He was the rebellious one. Reminded me of myself when I was his age. I came to think of them as my own children. I knew they'd survive. Well, I made some modifications of my own. I prefer to let my work speak for itself. I didn't realise you shared humanity's reactionary attitude toward this field of medicine. But you don't approve of what I've done. We can't let past mistakes hold us back. Well, what makes you think I haven't? There never used to be Orions in this area. They must've expanded their range of operations. It's a shame. I really liked your Science Officer. It's not going to be easy. They've most likely been taken to a processing station. The nearest one's on Verex Three. They'll be ushered into their new profession, as slaves. These stations are heavily guarded. Only legitimate traders are permitted to enter. I had to establish a relationship with the Orions. They helped me acquire certain goods and equipment I needed to survive. I can get you inside, but I can't get your people out. You don't like me, do you, Commander Tucker? You probably blame me for what's happened to your Vulcan friend. Your crew could use a sense of humour. ARCHER: Make the engines a priority. When it's time to leave, I have a feeling we're going to need all the speed we can get. (Tucker beams Archer and Soong down to -) [Orion Slave Market] At least we know four of your people are still here. Doesn't seem to be much demand for humans. Neurolytic restraints. Ingenious, really. They induce convulsive seizures in disobedient slaves. If a slave attempts to leave the premises. Wouldn't recommend it, not if you want them alive. (They've found their way to the auction block, where an Orion woman is presenting herself for sale, unabashed.) Only the women. Orion females are known for their extreme appetites, their innate skills. We made a wrong turn. Thank you so much, though. Thank you for your help. Really, thank you. Let's go. [Klingon ship] (The alpha male and his woman are marching through the ship.) Nine. [Bridge] I'd say they're not unlike some of your ancestors, judging from your accent. They were more like subjects. Sorry, Captain. I hope you find your people. Thanks for the ride. (The Slaver has his hand around T'Pol's neck.) There was an outside chance. No one was injured. I didn't take this action lightly. I'm simply saying it wasn't easy for me to place you and your crew in jeopardy. I respect you, Captain. They didn't steal a Klingon ship to go sightseeing. They're the future. They're stronger, smarter, free from sickness, with life spans twice as long as our own. You, more than anyone, should appreciate what this means. Your father suffered from Clarke's Disease. His final years were marked with extreme pain. He didn't need to suffer. Genetic engineering could've cured him. Those who want to suppress my Augments are the same ones who condemned your father to death. Turn the ship around, Captain. Go home. Leave them alone. Persis? (they embrace) I can't believe it. [by the Airlock] Malik. (Archer gets thrown away against the bulkhead so the pair There's nothing to say, Captain. Let them go. Their ship's disabled. By the time it's repaired, we'll be far away. It's been a pleasure, Captain. Take my advice. Go home and start learning how to speak Klingon. [Klingon Bridge] (Now at warp, Soong gets to meet the other Augments.) There were times back on Earth when I doubted myself, my work. But seeing you all, I know that everything I've fought for was worth it. We're going to build a new world. But we can't begin that task just yet. Thousands of your brothers and sisters are waiting to be born. Let's go get them. To Be Continued <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Where's Enterprise? Archer's not foolish enough to follow us. What are you saying? No one was to be killed without my express order! If you disobey me again, I'll lock you in the targ pit. You won't see the light of day for a month. Do I make myself clear? What's our speed? Not fast enough. The port inducer assembly's been damaged. Go to Engineering and repair it. You're a bright boy, Malik. I'm sure you'll figure it out. Once we're safely through Klingon space, we'll set a course for these coordinates. The Klingons call it Klach D'kel Brakt. I call it the Briar Patch. It's a little catchier, don't you think? You should have read more of the books I left for you. The region is flooded with radiation from supernova remnants. The Klingons have never mapped it. There are signs of at least two habitable planets inside the Briar Patch. It's unlikely anyone will find us. The embryos need to mature in a safe environment. All right. What course would you set? Botany Bay is a myth. There's no evidence it ever existed. Even if you're right, the ship was lost, never to be heard from again. The matter is not open for debate. Alter our heading. Set a course one eight four mark three. We're going to the Briar Patch. I'll be in my lab. [Bridge] Come in, Malik. You have to stop challenging my authority in front of the others. I'm willing to overlook the things you've done. But you have to trust that what I'm doing is best for all of us. You used to have faith in me. I know it wasn't easy after I left. I'll be ready to incubate the first of them in a few hours. These base-pairs sequences regulate the neurotransmitter levels in their brain. If I can modify them, aggression and violent behaviour will be removed. I'm correcting a defect in its genome. Genetic engineering was in its infancy when you were created. They weren't able to repair all the mistakes. I didn't know how until recently. Trust me. I know what I'm doing. Have you identified it? Let's see them. (Enterprise appears on the viewscreen.) Increase speed. [Bridge] He sounds pretty confident for a dead man. Aft torpedoes. Target their propulsion systems. {Bridge] (The ship rocks under the impact.) They outgun us three to one. The Denobulan pilot. Put her aboard the shuttle. Go! (Malik leaves.) Scan for any planets along our flight path. [Bridge] Take us out of warp. (The bird of prey arrives at a blue gas giant with a moon.) [Bridge] No one's been [Klingon Bridge] Killed, Captain. That ship is caught between two thermal layers. It should be relatively safe for four or five hours. Enough time for you to mount a rescue mission. {Bridge] (T'Pol nods her agreement with the assessment.) Good-bye, Captain. (Ends transmission.) Disconnect that circuit before you power the relay. You might damage it. Excellent work. What is it? And what do you suggest we do, turn ourselves in? You did what?! A single torpedo would never make it through their hull plating. What you're proposing is mass murder. Go back to the Bridge. Return to your station. Captain's Starlog, Supplemental. We've rescued the pilot of the Denobulan shuttle. Fortunately, her injuries were minor. Trip and T'Pol are trying to enhance our sensors in an effort to find the bird-of-prey. [Engineering] Persis? Four of you to subdue me? Is that so? There's no time for this. You all have work to do. What about the millions you plan to kill with that bioweapon? Don't tell me it's visiting hour. You did the right thing. If he deploys that weapon, he'll be confirming everything they've said about Augments for the last hundred and fifty years. They'll destroy all of you. You have to help me stop him. We can sabotage the engines or the torpedo launchers. You have to get me off the ship. [Klingon ship corridor] Be careful, he might suspect you. (He kisses her hand, she closes the hatch and the little pod drops into space as the bird of prey warps away.) [Bridge] Captain. What took you so long? [Brig] You have to alter your (He realises that Archer hasn't turned on the intercom yet.) You have to alter your course. My children. The Augments are planning to attack a Klingon colony. What do you think? I was waiting for you. You're the only one who can stop them! I didn't come back because I missed our lively debates. Please, please, you have to do as I ask. You're not serious. If the Klingons retaliate against Earth, it'll make the Xindi Incident look like a lovers' quarrel. Captain. Captain, contact C-12! Three hundred kilograms of biotoxins are missing from their inventory. Malik stole them without my knowledge. He's going to use them on the colony. You saw what he did on the station. You know what he's capable of. What do you want me to say? That you were right about them, and I was wrong? Maybe things would have been different if I'd been there for them, if Starfleet hadn't locked me away. How long can we sustain warp five? Adjust the scanning frequency fifteen megahertz. (to T'Pol) Sorry about that business with the Orions. Hope you weren't permanently injured. Someone's a little protective of Commander T'Pol. (as a panel beeps) Is that them? Captain, if I may. (in Klingon) Captain Archer and his crew are honourable people. Let them continue on their way. KLINGON [on viewscreen] Drop out of warp, or we'll destroy your ship! (ends transmission) I tried. (Another salvo rocks Enterprise.) I wouldn't recommend that, Captain. Their sensors are far superior. They'll detect it. No, no, no! Their Bridge is protected with dispersive armour. Your weapons will never penetrate it. Target your cannons here. (He points to a schematic on T'Pol's console.) Behind their sensor array. Their main plasma junction's located there. A direct hit would disable their entire power grid. Trust me. Are they still alive? Let me talk to him. (Hoshi opens the channel.) Malik. Malik, it's Father. [Klingon Bridge] Don't do this. Some of your brothers and sisters are still alive. The embryos. Please, please, please! [Klingon Bridge] Malik! I can't believe they're gone. All of them. Uh, we're heading the wrong way. You're alive. You could at least let me finish my work, before you take it away and destroy it. I wouldn't count on it. (The cell door is closed, and the handcuffs released.) I've been thinking. Perfecting humanity may not be possible. Cybernetics. Artificial lifeforms. I doubt I'll finish the work myself. Might take a generation or two. (He sits down, takes up his pencil, and smiles.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
They're the future. (The Augments storm Enterprise.) (with only a little silver hair) Some claim humanity rose up against the Augments. Others say the Augments began fighting among themselves. Whoever started it, the war devastated Earth. Millions perished. And when it was over people like you were feared. Humans will always fear you. They fear your power, your intellect. They fear you because you're everything they want to be, but can't be. Which is why I brought you here, where it's safe. I've raised you like my own. You call me Father. But I'm only watching over you. You belong to the future, and someday you will fulfill humanity's promise. (A pretty blond boy raises his arm.) Malik. Many others, waiting, asleep. And someday, it'll be your duty to wake them, set them free. Back to the present [Klingon Bridge] (There's a schematic of a space station on a wall monitor.) We'll have to reach this sublevel. Security personnel are located here and here. No. We're not going there to take lives. No one is to be killed. Is that understood? (everyone else nods) Malik? This was Raakin's. I gave it to him when he was five. He was a good student. He loved astronomy. We'd sit at night, and I'd point out the stars. He could name every one. Where's your brother, Malik? No one will say anything. I only know he's not here. Tell me what happened. What happened to him? He was your brother! Malik, it's my fault. I left you alone. I should have stayed with you. You were just children. Shh. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, Malik. I'm sorry. [Sickbay] Barzai, stand down and prepare to be boarded. [Sickbay] You don't need masks. [Station Control Hub] When I was Senior Medical Director, I had access to those embryos. Do the lights in your office flicker every now and then? Faulty power relay. You wouldn't believe how many times I asked them to fix it. Ten years later, they still haven't done a thing. Put him with the others. I believe him. (He goes to another young man at a circular console.) Tell me. I can't believe I held you back in math. (An alarm goes off.) Captain. I wish I could say it's been a long time. I think you've underestimated the variables, about eleven of them. (he moves to one side to reveal the station staff in an isolation chamber) No one will be harmed if you leave this system immediately. Turn your ship around. Now. [Bridge] Go ahead. (reappears holding a weapon) That's about to change. You're still approaching this station. [Station Control Hub] Do you have any idea what a Klingon disruptor will do to a human skull at this range? [Bridge] You're going to leave me with an awful mess to clean up. Conversation's over. He dies. [Bridge] Now turn around. That's a good captain. (Ends transmission.) [Station Control Hub] How long? Keep working. Get him in here. [Transporter alcove] (Two MACOs, Reed and Phlox are amongst those reporting for away team duty.) Malik. Malik! I want to put an end to this, Doctor. We know you can get to the embryos. You accessed the stasis chamber just last week. I implore you. Give us what we came for, and we'll leave you in peace. (Lucas turns his head and mutters something, so Soong leans in to hear better.) What's that? (Let's guess what was whispered in his ear.) That language is unbecoming of a man of science. Bring in one of his colleagues. No. It isn't necessary. (to Lucas) Are you familiar with Symbalene blood burn? The vascular lining literally boils away. Actually, Mother was a chemist. Believe me, I don't want to, but I'm out of options, Doctor. The code! This is on your conscience, then, not mine. (Gas enters the chamber, and the poor man starts coughing blood almost immediately.) [Station Life Support] (Phlox uses his phase pistol to cut away a piece of bulkhead.) His temperature's rising quickly. Blood pressure's approaching critical. There's still time, Doctor. (Lokesh signals to Malik and Persis.) Just say the word, I'll release the antipathogen. Right about now, his extremities feel like they're on fire. But it's the capillaries, starting to burst. Watch. I'm asking you, one doctor to another. Stop this. Is it worth this man's life? I can save him! How can you let this happen? Tell me the code! The code! Release the antipathogen. Do it! Am I going to spend the rest of my life trying to get rid of you? Udar? How is this (they embrace) They told me you were dead, that you were sick. What was? Why? You all went along with this? I don't need a history lesson from you. We have your people. I asked you not to interfere. [Station Control Hub] Now, Enterprise. Enterprise, come in. What are these orders? You'd kill us all, rather than let the embryos be born. Looks like this place isn't turning to dust. Sorry to disappoint you. Malik. (Phlox is put in the isolation tube.) Stop. Stop! (Malik pushes him away.) Input the code. Get him out of there. (Malik releases Phlox. Soong goes over to Smike.) You come with us. I understand. I hope you have a long, happy life. I came here so many times just to look at them. I remember where each of you was kept. You were there right next to Saul. Persis, Yavar. It was so hard to choose nineteen out of so many. I never thought I'd see this sight again. [Station Control Hub] (Enterprise gets in it's first shot at the asteroid.) Maximum thrusters. (The torpedo hits the Klingon ship just as the shuttle gets there, then they go to warp.) [Station Control Hub] (Everyone has been freed from the cell.)
