It couldn't have travelled outside the system. There has to be an explanation. What happened? Where did it go? Captain's log, supplemental. The sudden disappearance of our probe suggests that we may have found the first instance of what is called null space, an anomaly which until now had been only theoretical. Commander Riker has been working around the clock with a team of J'naii specialists to formalise this hypothesis. [Civic chamber] During the creation of a star system, when clouds of interstellar dust and gas coalesce, turbulent regions of magnetic and gravitational fields may develop. If certain conditions occur, these fields can condense into abnormal pockets of space. Like a shuttlecraft. But outside the pocket, all the energy is bent around it, making it naturally cloaked. That's why we cannot see it, and our sensors cannot read it. Since our shuttles carry plestorene based backup systems, we think life support would sustain for as long as ten days. I've been thinking. When the time comes, I would like to pilot the shuttle. I cannot ask you to put yourself in danger to rescue our crew. I happen to be a good pilot When can we go over the shuttle flight operations? Is this the one? Looks like microfusion thrusters. Armament? Chart it? I'm not sure how we go about mapping something we can't see. Let's take a look at the controls. [Shuttlecraft] Let me try it. Propulsion system, transfer conduits. Where's the schematic reactor assembly? Oh, there it is. Engine nacelles. There's nothing here that's unfamiliar. Navigational deflector, redundant graviton polarity source generators. I did. My parents were pilots. I was flying with them before I could walk. And as soon as I was old enough, I entered flight school. Krite was my instructor. He? Commander, there are no he's or she's in a species without gender. We use a pronoun which is neutral. I do not think there is really a translation. Well, if that's the systems review, I don't see any problem. What's next? What is it? Unusual, but I think I like it. We prefer to stay warm by sleeping with a friend. Not to mate. Just to sleep together for warmth. We are puzzling to you, aren't we? It's just as hard for us to understand the strange division in your species. Males and females. You are male. Tell me about males. What is it that makes you different from females? You have a dog's tail? That makes it sound better to be female. And what about feelings, or emotional attitudes? Are they different? I'm afraid I don't understand. We do, and whoever's taller leads. Just because we don't have gender doesn't mean we don't have conflicts. We're very strong-minded. We love a good fight. Maybe not. What kind of woman do you find attractive? (smiling) Tell me, is that the kind of woman that all human males prefer? You make it sound very complex. Well, perhaps it is that complexity which makes differences in the sexes so interesting. Please take my place, Krite. I have to be going. Thank you for going over the flight protocols, Commander. It was very helpful. Captain's log, supplemental. Commander Riker and the J'naii pilot have set out to chart the null space pocket. If they are successful, we can then proceed with a rescue attempt. [Shuttlecraft] I've illuminated the delta four grid map. We'll start there and expand. Pulse vanished at delta four point two by point three. Delta four point four by point five. Commander, tell me about your sexual organs. Is that an uncomfortable subject for humans? I'm interested in your mating practices. What is involved with two sexes? Mating? Our foetuses are incubated in fibrous husks, which the parents inseminate. From what we know of other species, our method is less risky and less painful. Less enjoyable? That's just the last step. Mating is a long ritual for us, full of variety and invention. I assure you, it is extremely pleasurable. That may be coming from our shuttle. I'll note these coordinates. I wonder. If a human and a J'naii would be sexually compatible. Of course it would never be permitted. The idea of gender. It is offensive to my people. You see, long ago we had two sexes, as you do. But we evolved into a higher form. I don't mean to sound insulting, but on my planet we have been taught that gender is primitive. Less evolved. Delta five grid map is fully plotted. Reducing power in the starboard nacelle. Thrusters aren't responding. I'll try to reroute the firing sequence. Doctor, you are female. Forgive me, I do not mean to be rude, but I'm curious. What is it like? I've noticed you tend to have longer hair, and you arrange it more elaborately. And you apply colour to your bodies. You put colour on your mouths, and your eyes, your cheeks, your fingernails. The men don't. Then it is up to women to attract the men. No colour. This is very confusing. Then, are women considered more superior, or are men? I'm afraid you're not rid of me yet, Commander. I will be able to complete the mission. What happened? What made the shuttle go into a spin? Are we still on schedule, then? I'm fine. We should go check the port engine. Doctor? You have my word. [Data's quarters] (I'm assuming that from the deerstalker and cape on the hat stand behind Worf) Is the buffer field generator installed? There. Commander, I'd like to tell you something. Something that's not easy to say. I find you attractive. I'm taking a terrible risk telling you that. It means revealing something to you, something that, if it were known on my planet, would be very dangerous for me. Occasionally, among my people, there are a few who are born different, who are throwbacks from the era when we all had gender. Some have strong inclinations to maleness, and some have urges to be female. I am one of the latter. I was hoping you would. But in front of Krite and the others, I must be careful not to reveal myself. On our world these feelings are forbidden. Those who are discovered are shamed and ridiculed, and only by undergoing psychotectic therapy and having all elements of gender eliminated can they become accepted into society again. Those of us who have these urges live secret and guarded lives. We seek each other out, always hiding, always terrified of being discovered. I've known I was different all my life. But I didn't understand how or why until I was older. I remember when I was very young, before I knew what I was, there was a rumour in my school that one of the students preferred a gender, in that case, male. The children started making fun of him, and every day they were more cruel They could tell he was afraid and somehow that seemed to encourage them. One morning in class, he appeared, bleeding and in ripped clothes. He said he had fallen down. And of course the school authorities found out and took him away, and gave him psychotectic treatments. When he came back, he stood in front of the whole school and told us how happy he was now that he had been cured. After that, I realised how dangerous it was to be different. And once I got older, and knew what I was, I was terrified. I have had to live with that fear ever since. Yes, with those who have discovered they are male. I have had to live a life of pretence and lies, but with you I can be honest. Please, don't say anything. Just think about it. [Shuttlebay] I understand. Heading confirmed. Energy readings are normal, with power reserves stabilised at one hundred percent. It's dead ahead, approximately fifty kilometres. Power reserves are down to eighty four percent. Calling the Taris Murn. Do you read me? Power reserves at sixty eight percent and dropping. (two figures start to materialise then vanish again) We used ten megajoules with that attempt. We're down to thirty four percent of reserves. They need medical attention quickly. We're down to nine percent. We don't have enough to get back. But if we use an energy shift of that size, it'll overload the phase compensators. The shuttle I will see you later tonight, Commander. [Courtyard] There you are, Commander. I wondered what had happened to our guest of honour. I would think you had attended so many affairs like this that it would become second nature to you. What do you think of our planet? Isn't it beautiful? We have many varieties of plant life. Perhaps you would like to inspect some of them? Please, let me take you on a tour. One of my favourites is this menellen tree. The leaves first turn pure white, and then blue, when the weather gets cold. This is called a falla bush. It produces a fragrant flower on only one day of the year. (and finally they get down to the real purpose of the walk, with Riker trying to eat her tonsils) Captain's log, stardate 45620.4. In the hope that a detailed map of null space will prevent the loss of other ships, we remain in orbit of J'naii, charting the anomaly. [Troi's quarters] (Troi is taking a woollen doll from a suitcase when the doorbell rings) Yes. No. I am tired of lies. I am female. I was born that way. I have had those feelings, those longings, all of my life. It is not unnatural. I am not sick because I feel this way. I do not need to be helped. I do not need to be cured. What I need, and what all of those who are like me need, is your understanding and your compassion. We have not injured you in any way. And yet, we are scorned and attacked. And all because we are different. What we do is no different from what you do. We talk and laugh. We complain about work and we wonder about growing old. We talk about our families, and we worry about the future. And we cry with each other when things seem hopeless. All of the loving things that you do with each other, that is what we do. And for that we are called misfits and deviants and criminals. What right do you have to punish us? What right do you have to change us? What makes you think you can dictate how people love each other? Wait. Please. don't. You cannot do this. I am so sorry. It was my fault that you got involved in all this. No, it is not. It was all a mistake, and I should have realised it from the beginning. That I was sick. I had these terrible urges, and that is why I reached out to you. But it was wrong, and I see that now. I do not understand how I could have done what I did. Why would I want that? I'm sorry. [Bridge]
