They're three days overdue. You also told me Starfleet had ordered him to deliver Sub-Commander T'Pol and his medical officer to the Vulcan ship D'kyr. They're three days overdue. Captain Archer's negligence caused the death of three thousand colonists. Your superiors instructed them to return to Earth. Their mission is over. They haven't followed those instructions. The D'kyr said they were joined by a number of other vessels. They're no longer within sensor range. They were at too great a distance to identify. Enterprise has ignored our hails and defied Starfleet's orders. I have no choice but to send the D'kyr in pursuit. No, he doesn't, but Sub-Commander T'Pol does, and since she would never comply with his present actions I have to conclude that she's being held against her will. Does he really? (The Vulcan group leave.) [Helix] While your explanation of how you obtained these disks is somewhat implausible, it's obvious that Enterprise was not responsible for the destruction of the colony. Please allow me to finish, Captain. In less than a single Earth year you've engaged in armed conflicts with over a dozen species. You've escalated the conflict between my people and the Andorians which included the destruction of one of our most sacred monasteries. You helped eighty nine Suliban escape from detention. You may claim to be on a mission of exploration. I, however, consider you reckless and irresponsible. [Starfleet Headquarters] A danger to the Quadrant. Regardless of the evidence presented here, I plan to advise the Vulcan High Command not to change its recommendation to Starfleet. Enterprise should be recalled. [Bridge] Your analogy is very colourful, Captain, but I question whether it addresses the consequences of your actions.
The loss to the Vulcan people is incalculable. P'Jem was one of our most revered sanctuaries. We were observing a dangerous and aggressive neighbour. The Andorians wouldn't have found the station if your people hadn't interfered. They've been in space for six months and they've already destabilised an entire sector. We warned you something like this would happen. He's too impulsive. Captain Gardner would have made a far more suitable commanding officer. There was a time when your people sought our guidance. I regret that time has passed. I've been recalled to Vulcan for consultation. In the meantime, our joint fleet operations have been suspended.
According to your log, the entire crew of the Seleya was killed when you triggered a reactor breach. As far as I can determine, you didn't try to save a single Vulcan crewman. Is that your medical opinion, Captain? Our specialists have examined the data you sent back. It's far from certain that the neurological damage was irreversible. T'Pol was exposed to the trellium. She recovered. There's no need to get emotional, Captain. You spent several hours in the ship's auxiliary control room. In that time, did you try to access the internal sensors, or download the computer database? So in effect, we don't know what really happened aboard the Seleya. Because of this oversight, we'll never have a complete picture of the events that led to the ship's destruction. No one is accusing you of anything, Captain. I beg your pardon? Yes, you were. Captain. Your actions, while being morally questionable, were necessary. I opposed your appointment as captain of Enterprise, but it's obvious now that I was wrong. T'Pol has told me that the Expanse would have someday encompassed hundreds of systems, including Vulcan. You've done a great service for both our worlds. (He holds out his hand.) Thank you. (They shake.) [T'Pol's family home - guest room]
I need to speak with you, T’Pol. [Ready room] That uniform doesn’t suit you, Captain. I want you to return with me to Vulcan. It’s not an order, it’s a request for your own safety. Two weeks ago, the High Command received a distress call from the Earth convoy in the Mutara system. By the time our ships reached them, they found nothing but a field of debris. The weapon signatures were Xindi. Even if your ships do manage to reach Ceti Alpha, it’s most likely you’ll find an armada waiting for you. It was a mistake ordering you to leave Enterprise. It forced you to make an impulsive decision. If you return with me now, the High Command is prepared to reinstate your rank. Them or him? There are specialists on Vulcan that can help Archer. If you return to Vulcan. You owe the humans nothing. They chose to leave Earth before they were ready. If they’d accepted our counsel, this tragedy would have been avoided. How? Your emotional attachment to Archer is clouding your logic. We’ll be within range for another thirty hours, should you reconsider. [Archer's quarters]
Spontaneous demonstrations have already begun around the Vulcan compound. It's obvious Paxton's ultimatum is part of a co-ordinated plan. The deadline aside, the fact that Paxton has the support of so many of your people is almost as troubling.
We don't know. They were incinerated in the methane explosion, and the farmer's description was vague at best. The Klingons made it very clear they want us to expedite this. You will be apprised of all pertinent information. When he was nearly killed by your "farmer." Sarcasm aside, Captain, the last thing your people need is to make an enemy of the Klingon Empire. Klaang's culture finds honour in death. If they saw him like this he'd be disgraced. The Klingons have demanded that we return Klaang immediately. This is no time to be imposing your ethical beliefs. (protesting) Admiral. Listen to me. You're making a mistake!
(with goatee beard) Hull breach on B deck. Emergency bulkheads are engaged. Hull plating's at thirty two percent. Admiral, there's another vessel approaching. No. [Bridge] (Defiant blows the rebels to pieces.) Enter. (T'Pol enters, and raises her hand in the traditional Vulcan greeting.) It's not wise to make that gesture, even behind closed doors. It is agreeable to see you again. The implications are intriguing. This alternate universe is very different from ours. I'm not certain a Federation could ever exist here. That was many years ago. How? Data will be of little value. Archer still controls that ship. What? I'm too old to become a revolutionary. You're the only non-Terran on the Defiant. Any of us would arouse suspicion. Are you loyal to the Empire or not? If Archer fails, his crew will have to answer for his crimes. Don't forget the females. You'll be able to choose as many concubines as you'd like. Shut down the turbolifts. (to an Orion woman) Secure the Bridge. [Briefing room] I need an estimate. You need to remove the duotronic module. [USS Defiant] The relays are behind it. You have to disengage the flow regulators before you remove the relays [USS Defiant] Or the plasma will ignite. [ISS Avenger - Bridge] Someone's trying to override the Bridge lockouts. Doctor, you must hurry! [USS Defiant - Bridge] Close to ten thousand metres. Target their primary hull. (A barrage of torpedoes set off explosions.) [USS Defiant] Continue firing. [USS Defiant] (Tucker knocks out Phlox and puts the flow regulators back.) [Bridge] (Archer has his head down as if he's crying.) Soval to Phlox. [USS Defiant] Their power grid's being restored. What's happening? Doctor? Respond! [Bridge] Get us out of their weapons range! Divert all power to hull plating! [Bridge]
Thank you, Captain. This is Sub-commander Muroc. (sitting) If you don't mind, Captain, I have a question of my own. Why would an officer of the Andorian Imperial Guard personally request your involvement? I'm involved in extremely difficult and dangerous negotiations. I don't consider your presence here an asset. Six days ago, an Andorian regimental commander named Shran landed a force on Paan Mokar and occupied the settlement. Naturally, we attempted to enforce the Treaty of 2097. Shran has agreed to discuss terms for their safe return, but only if you act as mediator. For some reason, he finds you trustworthy. Yes, Captain, I'm asking for your help. Forgive my candor, but that's hardly reassuring. The last time you dealt with the Andorians, a Vulcan intelligence site was compromised and a priceless monastery destroyed. Sub-commander Muroc will accompany you to represent our interests. Unacceptable. And in exchange, you'll deliver me into their hands? I'm sure the Andorians were impressed with your negotiating skills. If I agree to a meeting, it's simply legitimises their position. They probably intend to re-supply their troops on the surface. We won't allow that. That will be their decision. You don't understand the complexities of this situation. I didn't request your help, Captain, and I don't feel obliged to accept it. Didn't you hear the Captain? The ball is in our court. (Soval goes down the steps with T'Pol while Muroc stalks out.) Thank you for the reassurance. Now if you don't mind, I'll need a few moments of silence to prepare myself. I suggest we cancel the negotiations and return to your ship. Now you see who you're dealing with, Captain? The southeast quadrant, near the old spaceport. I told you I negotiated the last accord. I also served here. As an intelligence officer, a long time ago. Our current deployment has a base of operations that way, about two and a half kilometres. Circumstances have altered our plans. Shran just tried to kill us. I suppose you think our troops are responsible for this? Are you that naive? Shran is using you. Perhaps you were farther off course than you thought. It's been almost a hundred years. This is the old residential quarter. According to our latest intelligence, the Andorians control the settlement west of here. Not quite the warm welcome you expected, Captain? We should try to make contact with them. What do you recommend? Wandering through these ruins until we find an Andorian soldier, and trust he's been informed not to shoot us on sight? What is their fixation with our ears? Do you realise you've picked up a slight human accent? You were one of the most promising members of my staff, T'Pol. If you'd stayed in San Francisco, you'd be the Assistant Counsel by now. You might even have a diplomatic posting of your own. Then why have you remained on Enterprise? Captain Archer's record is evidence of that, but there are others who can assist them. Gratification is an emotional indulgence. You disagreed with our recommendation that Archer's mission be cancelled after the tragedy at Paraaga Two. Why? You believed you knew better than the High Command? That sounds a great deal like another emotion, arrogance. Perhaps it's time for you to consider another assignment. What do you expect me to do with this? I haven't fired a weapon in fifty years. Commander, it seems you're willing to resolve this situation through peaceful means. Do all your officers feel the same? I consider any negotiation that averts war to be a success. (Shran stands and uncorks a purple bottle.) Vulcans don't drink. But this occasion merits an exception. (All stand and toast.) And to the successful continuation of these talks on Andoria. Captain, your presence here has not been overly meddlesome. (Soval leaves.)
They may be in grave danger. You asked for me, Commander? Commander Shran. I may be able to help. Lieutenant Reed appeared unsettled. I have no doubt Captain Archer would pursue this same course of action. Open a channel. The nebula. This is Ambassador Soval. I've come on an urgent mission. I must speak with Commander Shran. The High Command has decrypted your security protocols. We're well aware that your task force has been hiding in this nebula. He's in there. That's correct. V'Las has been assembling ships near Regulus, beyond the range of your listening stations. They were told you're adapting Xindi weaponry and that you're planning to use it against Vulcan. That fact was conveniently omitted. You don't. Which is why you must convince them to intercept our fleet. I'm aware of that. The High Command is counting on the element of surprise. If they meet resistance, I believe V'Las will be forced to call off the invasion. Soon. Yes. If you're expecting me to plead for mercy, you'll be waiting a long time. I've already given it to you. We spent weeks arguing over details in our treaty negotiations. Did I ever mislead you? You must know that torture is rarely effective against Vulcans. Our mental disciplines allow us to suppress pain. I told you. Our ships are assembling near Regulus. (The machine Then I suggest you increase the setting and get this over with. (Shran nods, and Soval screams.) [Bridge] Let me out of here! I'll tear the antennae from your skull! Aren't you enjoying this, Commander? Have you imagined having me in this chair many times? Then trust me now! I'm trying to save them! Do you know the story of Nirak? He was a soldier who lived a long time ago. He was standing watch over the gates of the city of Gol and he saw a cloud on the horizon moving toward him. He thought it was a sandstorm, so he told no one. It was an army. They destroyed the city, but they let Nirak live. His name now means fool in our language, just as yours will in Andorian! (The machine is turned up to maximum.) [Vulcan] (The fellowship are met by some men who jump out of hiding and surround them.) Ordinarily, I wouldn't, but because of this device You're afraid to injure me. If I were you, I'd leave that detail out of your report to the General. I was a fool to think you'd listen. Perhaps the High Command was right. We'll be better off when Andoria falls. (The ship is hit by weapons fire.) Are you going to make enemies of the humans as well? How do you feel, Captain?
Admiral, the High Command will tell you its decision at the proper time. The High Command hasn't included me in their discussions. Admiral, I know you find our reluctance to share technology and discoveries restrictive. We don't know what to do about humans. Of all the species we've made contact with, yours is the only one we can't define. You have the arrogance of Andorians, the stubborn pride of Tellarites. One moment, you're as driven by your emotions as Klingons, and the next, you confound us by suddenly embracing logic. Not in such confusing abundance. Because there is one species you remind us of. We had our wars, Admiral, just as humans did. Our planet was devastated, our civilisation nearly destroyed. Logic saved us. But it took almost fifteen hundred years for us to rebuild our world and travel to the stars. You humans did the same in less than a century. There are those on the High Command who wonder what humans would achieve in the century to come, and they don't like the answer. Unfortunately, the future of relations between our worlds is not mine to control. (There's a dull thud sound. Max looks back then suddenly grabs Soval and pushes him to the floor as the dust from an explosion billows towards them and the building starts to fall apart. Then there is a second explosion, and the top of the Embassy is blown off.) [Launch bay two] (I'm just guessing from the numbers 3 and 4 on the floor and the hinges on the sections which imply that they open downwards. Wherever on Enterprise it is, right now it's a basketball court for the senior staff.) Captain Archer, all of Vulcan grieves with you today. They do consider us allies who stand against them. They've been vocal about their opposition to government, but always peaceful. Your embassy is officially considered to be on Earth soil. We've preserved the site for you to investigate. His death is a loss to both our worlds. He saved my life in the explosion. He could have saved himself. The last time we spoke, he was anticipating the prospect of joint missions. Humans and Vulcans working together. It makes no sense to think the Syrrannites are responsible for this outrage. Recheck everything, Captain, question everything, and don't let them keep you on Enterprise. The answers you need are on Vulcan, and however far you have to take this investigation, you have my support. [T'Pol's quarters] Captain, Commander. This shows the gaps in our satellite surveillance, when beam-ins can't be detected. (He hands over a data module.) Have what, Commander? All I see is a Starfleet data module. He's comatose, brain-damaged, and he's human. A mind-meld is dangerous under the best of conditions, but under these Those who do have the ability won't risk their careers by publicly attempting what you suggest. Evidence will solve this crime, not mind-melds. You can prove that? You're suggesting a conspiracy. (sighs) The needs of the many. I can perform the meld. [The Forge - daylight] (The sand-fire is catching the runners, and electricity is sparking out from it. Archer stumbles.) I don't know if this has ever been attempted with a human before. (He puts his fingers on Askwith's face, then glares at Tucker to stop looking over his shoulder.) My mind to your mind. Our minds are one. Our thoughts are joined. Yes. (Flashes of the Embassy check point.) I see what you see. The embassy. I'm at my station. At your station. So many new people arriving for the summit. I don't recognise them all, but some I know. A package. That's all right. I don't need to see it. Go right through. Who are you? Who? (Suddenly he disconnects from Askwith.) No. It was you. I performed it. I'm not a fool, Commander. V'Las was involved with the attack on your embassy. He's responsible for blaming it on the Syrrannites. It's the only chance I'll have to reach the rest of the High Command.
Our Science Directorate has determined that time travel is impossible. Do you know where these co-ordinates he gave you are? They're inside the Delphic Expanse. A region of space nearly two thousand light years across. Vulcan ships have entered it, but only a few have returned. There has been reports of fierce and dangerous species, unexplained anomalies. In some regions, even the laws of physics don't apply. Twenty years ago, a Klingon vessel emerged from the Expanse. Every crewmen on board has been anatomically inverted, their bodies splayed open, and they were still alive. You'd be more than foolish to pursue this course of action. This is typical of your impulsiveness. You'd be putting your crew's lives at stake when you have no evidence that anything you were told were true. What exactly are you trying to show us, Captain? You said he told you this faction from the future could only communicate through time, so how do you suggest they get this component to the Xindi? A lack of another explanation doesn't make your assumption correct. Are you suggesting this is a Xindi? It's important for you to see what you'll be facing. The Vaankara was in the Delphic Expanse for less then two days when we received a distress call. This transmission arrived six hours later. (Pictures on screen of Vulcans screaming, fighting and killing each I'm suggesting you reconsider this mission. I need to speak with you, T'Pol. [Outside Fleet Operations Center]  If all goes well you should be able to return to your duties on Earth within a year. That is, if you're still interested. You haven't been back to Vulcan for some time. You may find your assignment at the Ministry of Information refreshing. You've spent far to much time with humans. It would be best if you returned home for a while. You were there to provide logic to a crew of humans who insisted on leaving before they were ready, but logic can't help them inside the Delphic Expanse. The High Command was quite specific. You're to return to Vulcan. This is not the matter of choice. Defying the High Command would mean immediate dismissal. You know that. [Corridor]
No. It was you. My actions were taken in the best interest of Vulcan and the High Command. Had I revealed my abilities as a melder, my years of service would not have been possible. Deception has never been a stranger to this room. One of our own members was responsible for bombing the Earth embassy. An act we tried to blame on the Syrrannites. I find that difficult to accept. I'm aware of the penalty. There's a great deal that needs to be said, Excellency, but no one's willing to listen. [T'Kareth Sanctuary] (Archer and T'Pol are brought in front of a familiar young woman.) Our society rewards merit. V'Las has demonstrated a singular talent for governing. You're referring to my career? I haven't given it much thought. There's something more important we need to discuss. Have you made contact with T'Pol or your Captain? V'Las is determined to wipe out the Syrrannites. He's particularly intent on destroying their encampment in the Forge. They may be in grave danger. [T'Kareth Sanctuary] (T'Pol is brought to her mother.) We can trigger a malfunction in this satellite's imaging node. It'll take six minutes for the central processor to correct the error. Errors occur frequently near the Forge. It shouldn't raise suspicion. I lived on Earth for more than thirty years, Commander. In that time, I developed an affinity for your world and its people. Thank you. Enterprise was supposed to leave orbit an hour ago. V'Las is not a patient man. (at Reed's station) The satellite's been disabled. You've got six minutes to get through. They're through. HOSHI; We're losing contact. [Shuttlepod] They must've been monitoring us. I advised them to stay. I gave them the code. (at T'Pol's station) None. V'Las will do what whatever it takes to accomplish his goal. [High Command] He's right. We should withdraw. Our deaths won't help Captain Archer or T'Pol. I understand we suffered casualties. I share your concern about Captain Archer and T'Pol. The Syrrannites believe violence to be antithetical to Surak's teachings. V'Las considers that a dangerous mindset, particularly now. The High Command is planning to attack Andoria. Vulcan Intelligence claims the Andorians are developing a weapon, possibly based on Xindi technology. I suspect V'Las is using the claim to advance an agenda. He's persuaded the High Command to launch a preemptive strike. One that could devastate Andoria and Vulcan and eventually involve other worlds, including Earth. [Bridge]
