There are seven red giants in this region, but they're spread over approximately forty light years. Not at this distance. You appear to have gained his trust. Perhaps you should try a more direct approach. Ask him where the weapon is being constructed. It's Xindi. It may have been travelling through one of the subspace vortices that they use. It's hull signature matches the Xindi ships that were here two days ago. I don't believe so. [Degra's ship] They were attempting to erase the computer core when we boarded the ship. There's very little data left. They've been deleted. It may be necessary to communicate with you while you're inside the simulator. Details? T'Pol to Cargo Bay two. [Cargo Bay two] Increase hydraulics to level six. [Shuttle] Increase to level seven. [Cargo Bay two] On my mark, initiate a sharp jolt to starboard. Sharp. [Cargo Bay two] Let the Captain know. Ensign? Stand by to respond. Go ahead. [Bridge] How long until they arrive? [Bridge] Lieutenant, take us back into the debris field. I'm aware of the risks. Carry out my orders. The Doctor gave him an anti-intoxicant. A red giant. Open a comm. line to the Captain. Captain, the coordinates match the location of one of the red giants. Approximately three weeks at maximum warp. [Command centre] A considerable detour if the weapon isn't there. (Archer taps a control, and the words Stand By come up on the main monito.r) [Shuttle] T'Pol to Cargo Bay two. Report. Can you stabilise the simulator? Captain, we're having some problems. Stand by. T'Pol to the Bridge. Take us out of the debris field. Acknowledged. [Shuttle] Magnify. Captain, he has a weapon. [Shuttle] We're coming in. Perhaps he thought it would make them appear more convincing. Tactical alert. Engage. (Everything starts to shake.) [Brig] Hull breaches on decks D and E. Engineering, we're losing hull integrity. (The shaking stops.) T'Pol to Captain Archer. Please report to the Bridge. We've reached the coordinates. Ensign, magnify. (A red giant sun glowers on the viewscreen.) We've made it appear as if a plasma conduit ruptured, rendering them unconscious. This accident won't explain how their computer core was deleted.
Captain, we're receiving response to the distress call. [Bridge] It's a Tellarite freighter. We have received a set of co-ordinates. They're not the most agreeable species, but they're usually trustworthy. The co-ordinates are three and a half days away at warp two. None that I can detect. I'm detecting a liquid helium atmosphere. The temperature's two hundred and seventy degrees below zero. (a bright light sweeps the bridge) A bio-molecular probe. The liquid helium's being replaced by a warmer oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere. It appears an invitation's been extended. This facility may have the technology to repair Mister Reed as well. Perhaps the station's automated. It's a fair exchange. It's our repair schedule. A matter energy converter. I believe it's a molecular synthesiser of some kind. Similar to a protein resequencer, but far more advanced. Water, cold. (A glass of It's genome is stored in Enterprise's computer as is the recipe. The station evidently scanned our database. Repairs are currently underway on C deck. Work on Launch Bay one is scheduled to begin at twenty two hundred hours. Perhaps I should scan for one. He says they're exceeding Starfleet specifications. If I may make an observation? You seemed troubled. Not every culture is based on the acquisition of wealth. The station's builders could simply have been interested in helping others. Perhaps they prefer anonymity. T'Pol to Captain Archer. You're needed in Launch Bay one immediately. [Launch Bay one] (Phlox is examining Travis's supine body.) Yes. Eighteen hundred hours. I've located Ensign Mayweather's parents. Our repairs will be complete in nineteen minutes. The station's expecting us to depart. I'm detecting one human biosign. Their vital organs appear to be functioning. They've suffered severe neurological damage. Their synaptic pathways have been reconfigured, integrated into the computer core. Captain.(She's found Travis, suspended high up.) Right here. (They use their phase pistols to blast a hole in a bulkhead, out into a white corridor and then finally to an Enterprise airlock where Phlox and a crewman are waiting.) [Corridor] Command functions are coming back online. If we don't disengage soon, we'll be incinerated. The cerebral cortex is the most sophisticated computer known to exist.
My courage doesn't need testing. We haven't detected any inhabited planets on long range scans. Why didn't you? The atmosphere is thin, but breathable. As the trader said, none. No power signatures. It appears to be deserted. Nothing. I heard something. No. Vulcans don't imagine things. The creeps? No. No. Fear is a primitive emotion. When I was recalled from Enterprise by the High Command, I learned the crew was preparing a 'going-away' party. I found the prospect somewhat frightening. (Archer and Travis are also exploring) Something wrong? There's someone here. There aren't. There's a space behind this bulkhead. (Trip uses his phase pistol to cut the door open. They go through to another door which opens to reveal an area filled with lush plants.) There appears to be a dampening field in this section of the ship. I'm reading a power source but I can't pinpoint its location. Is this your vessel? (She gets out her communicator and activates the UT.) Can you understand me? How long have you been here? These relays are cross-circuited. Efficient, but I'll need to reconnect the Bridge systems. That's not necessary. I can take care of it. Perhaps she can help you then. By the way you keep talking about her you obviously appreciate her technical expertise. So was the female engineer on the Xyrillian ship. I'm simply noting that the last time you found someone this competent you wound up carrying her child. (Liana enters bearing a tray with fruit on it.) Not at all. Commander Tucker and I were just discussing his previous repair experience. No, thank you. (to Trip) I'm going to remove those power shunts on the Bridge. (T'Pol leaves.) Your computer core? These are optronic relays. Not at all. I've done as much as I can do for now. I need to return to Enterprise to analyse the data. If you'll excuse me. (She turns around to find more crewmembers behind her.) I need to contact my ship. I don't understand.
It's crucial we retrieve the technology. We can't risk contaminating a pre-warp culture. We'll have to take that risk. T'Pol to Captain Archer. Captain, please respond. Close the channel. Try to isolate their biosigns. I want to know exactly where they are. Any closer and we'd be detected. Do your best.  [Detention centre - cell] (Archer watches a guard on patrol while Reed checks his blisters.) If you were captured, you'd be giving the inhabitants more technology. It would undoubtedly affect the evolution of their society. Work quickly. I suggest we monitor the communiqués coming from the compound. They may tell us what's happening to the Captain and Mister Reed. How soon can you launch? You don't have time. They're going to be executed in less than two hours. You're about to find out. Prepare it for launch.  [Detention centre - cell] We'll be in range of those surveillance towers in less than two minutes. Three military aircraft off our port side. They're on an intercept course.(In the detention centre courtyard, the trapdoors on the gallows have been tested when Archer and Reed come in to see their nooses waiting.) [Cell ship] (Three bi-winged planes are shooting at the cell ship.) Commander. I scanned the region ahead. There's a blue giant cluster three light years from our current position. None that are inhabited. Yes, sir. Was there something else? A calculated risk. We did do damage to those people. They now believe their enemy is capable of creating genetically-enhanced soldiers, not to mention particle weapons. You don't have to leave technology behind to contaminate a culture. (turns to leave) You were willing to sacrifice your life to protect them. I would not have expected that.  [Sickbay]
(Bridge} Captain Archer is no longer aboard Enterprise. He's not on board. You must have sensors that can confirm that. Come see for yourself, or send your soldiers. You'll realise I'm telling the truth. This is Sub-Commander T'Pol. All security teams remain where you are. There are thirty armed vessels surrounding us. Unless I'm mistaken their weapons are still targeting our warp core. Mister Reed? So, unless you have a better suggestion? (The Suliban pods dock with Enterprise.) [Wrecked plaza] Don't you believe your scanners? Captain Archer believed Crewman Daniels was from the future, but if I recall, you killed him. Nothing else. The last time we saw Captain Archer, he was entering that turbolift. Under the circumstances, it would be best to do what he says, Commander. [Starfleet Headquarters, San Francisco] (It's a beautiful sunny morning.) I don't know. The Vulcan Science Directorate has determined that time travel is impossible. It's not an opinion. Captain Archer believes Crewman Daniels comes from the future. Captain Archer claims he saw Daniels two days ago. The Vulcan Science Directorate has determined that time travel is impossible. [Wrecked city - outdoors] I don't know where he is. (T'Pol is still dopey from the drugs and interrogation.) Captain Archer's gone. A temporal reading in the turbolift. I don't know where he is. Science Vulcan Directorate has determined that time travel is not fair. We're all confined to our quarters. I told you, in my quarters. There's a Helix out my window. You're on the ceiling. Why aren't you on a monitor? I thought you said you were in the future. Yes. There's no time. If this is going to work, we need to begin now. Ensign Sato. Forty metres, maybe forty five. [Hoshi's quarters] Third dimension, timeline. Timeline, first, second, First, third dimension. No! No! No! (Tucker and Reed drop down from the ceiling.) T'POL: No! Stop! (They hypo the Suliban and drag them away.) [Reed's quarters] You certainly took your time. He had this pressed against my head. (A Suliban weapon.) If they regain consciousness don't hesitate to use these. (The hyposprays.) Ready. (Tucker rushes to the warp controls. Over on the Helix, Silik is trying to use the future device.) [Bridge](Alarms are Report, Ensign. You may have overdone your pyrotechnic display. The scorching on the starboard nacelle is extensive. Maintain your course and speed, Ensign. [Helix - Temporal communications chamber] Alter course ten degrees starboard. Are long-range sensors still operational? I see them. Stand down weapons. Open a channel. Enterprise to Suliban vessel. Lieutenant Reed suffered some minor injuries, but he's recovering in Sickbay. Captain, I'm curious. Why didn't the other Cell ships try to stop you? Permission granted. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. We've joined the Vulcan ship D'kyr. It seems that Starfleet and the High Command are eager to discuss the future of our mission. [Bridge] The concept of learning from one's mistakes shouldn't be difficult for a Vulcan of your wisdom to understand, Ambassador. Our ancestors [Bridge] Discovered how to suppress their volatile emotions only after centuries of savage conflict. You spoke of the destruction of the monastery. What about the Vulcan listening post that Captain Archer found there? I would hope that our people have learned from those events that using a sacred sanctuary to spy on others was a dishonourable practice, to say the least. I don't wish to contradict Captain Archer, but learning from one's mistakes is hardly exclusive to humans. Their mission should be allowed to continue. (The Vulcans sweep out of the room at Starfleet, and leave Enterprise's Bridge as well.) Come in. She tends to be discreet. What can I do for you? You spoke to the Admiral? I assume with good news. I still don't believe in time travel.
It's made contact with Echo One. I don't recognise the configuration. None. I wouldn't take offense. Not every species has motives that can be understood in human terms. Bridge to the Captain. The alien vessel has returned. [Bridge] They dropped out of warp five hundred kilometres dead ahead. We're being scanned. (The green ship fires several shots as it passes overhead.) Their DNA doesn't match anything in our database. It was a different time. There were fewer warp-capable species. What are you suggesting? Ensign, if you want to know something about Mister Reed perhaps you should ask him. {Mess hall} Captain, I'm detecting a ship dead astern. Eight thousand metres. Closing to seven thousand. Six thousand. Warp drive is offline. (Everything goes black.) T'POL: Main power is down. Tactical systems are down. The outer doors in Launch Bay two are opening. I can't. (Archer leaves the Bridge.) [Corridor] (Two men working by flashlight see a pair of pale skinned humanoids with very long legs cross a junction. They follow, then their flashlights fall to the floor. Archer and his two security guards come across the weird aliens crouching over the crewmen doing something strange with beams coming from their hands.) The alien vessel has gone to warp, but that last shot damaged our port nacelle. We're venting drive plasma. [Sickbay] No. None that I know of, Captain. There are no Vulcan ships within scanning range. That's because it isn't there. There's nothing but debris at the co-ordinates where we deployed the amplifier. Destroyed as well. [Armoury] Yes, Captain. There's nothing there. I'm getting an anomalous reading from Launch Bay two. It's very likely. It's putting out a tremendous amount of energy. Over six hundred megajoules. Whatever it is, it's tapped into most of our systems including internal sensors and communications on every deck. (Archer is at a wall panel.) It's them. Closing from astern, twenty thousand metres. Fifteen. They've stopped. Eleven thousand metres. I'm reading a fluctuation in their shielding, but it's marginal. (Enterprise rocks too) Their shields are failing. No.
I believe that should be my decision. Another three hours. What makes this captain so certain that the miner's is Xindi? What are we looking at? It looks more like scales. You wanted to see me. No. I'm aware of that. It's to be expected. I'm not sure I understand. I doubt the Commander would have the patience to sit in one place long enough to get through the first posture. Delicate is not a word I associate with Mister Tucker. The instruction of neuro-pressure is a very intimate act. Have him come to my quarters. I don't understand. Captain. [Bridge]  There are three warships approaching at warp. Their hull alloys match the mining towers on the surface. [Mine Canteen] Understood. [Mine Canteen] This is Enterprise. How long a delay? [Mine Foreman's Office]  We've detected your cargo ships. They're heavily armed. [Mine Foreman's Office] Can I talk to Captain Archer? [Mine Foreman's Office]  I spoke with him a few minutes ago.  Keep trying to reach the Captain. I want you to come up with a plan to recover the Captain and Commander Tucker. Have it in place in one hour. Get Major Hayes to help you. [Mining complex sewage system] Not yet. The foreman isn't responding to our hails. Less than an hour away. Are you ready? The decision is yours, Lieutenant, but I agree with Major Hayes. Your team may not be back in time. Lieutenant? Is everybody aboard? The warships? Tell the pods to dock simultaneously. Prepare to go to maximum warp. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. The three alien warships followed Enterprise for nearly an hour, but couldn't keep up with us. I guess they'll have to look elsewhere for new additions to their labour force. [Ready room] Yes, Doctor. Thank you. Please, sit down. Would you like a cup of tea? You are having trouble sleeping as well. I believe the Expanse has been disrupting my REM patterns. Vulcan science teaches us to prompt our bodies to create their own medicines. The neural nodes that need to be stimulated are difficult to reach. Perhaps you could help me. (She slips off her dressing gown to reveal a pair of pajamas that don't meet in the middle.) Three centimetres on either side of the fifth vertebrae. (Tucker puts his hands on her back as she takes off her top.) You can apply considerable pressure. Right there. A little closer together. Harder. Harder. Just like that. Please continue. Ahhh. That was far more effective than a hypospray. (Tucker pats her leg as she puts her top back on.) It would be only fair for me to return the favour. Please, disrobe. Are you implying I'm making sexual advances? The Doctor injected you with a placebo. He sent you here because he wanted me to persuade you to try Vulcan neuro-pressure. As I predicted, it was a pointless exercise. He did. You refused. The Doctor knows how intransigent you can be. Unwilling to compromise. Then take off your shirt. (He does, and they begin.) [Bridge] (There's a bright dot in the middle of the viewscreen, just like when they approached Earth.) I'm not detecting any planets, inhabited or otherwise. It's nearly eighty million kilometres long. It was a planet. Judging by the field dispersion, approximately one hundred and twenty years. We know the probe that attacked Earth was built somewhere in this Expanse, and it was built recently. It's logical to assume the new weapon is being developed at the same location.
It's losing mass at an extraordinary rate. A hundred years, maybe two. Speak for yourself. I might very well be around. Our hull temperature is approaching eleven hundred degrees. It would be unsafe to get any closer. No.  How long will you be gone? Three days is a long time to be confined to such a small craft, especially with a person you've just met. I'll see to it. Of the ship or the movies? [Engineering] (Tucker is working on the top of the warp core.) Commander. He'll be gone for three days. (Tucker climbs down.) T'POL: He asked that you download these films and transfer them to the Vissians' database. Briefly. How interesting. A third gender. Why do you call it her? It's not our place to judge the customs of other cultures. Tri-gender reproduction is not uncommon. They're not human. Captain Archer hopes to develop a productive relationship with this species. It might be best you kept your opinions to yourself. [Sickbay]  I've been told you're no longer welcome aboard the Vissian ship. Why? No, you weren't. You told them you were going to the Astrometrics Lab. They tried to contact you, but you weren't there. Then they tried their mess hall. You weren't there either. Where? Why were you there? Her education is not your concern. Where else did you go? It appears you're doing everything you can to undermine the Captain's wishes. First Contacts are important to the Captain. You may very well have damaged this one irreparably. Go ahead. I think it would be best if you come back immediately, sir. There's been an incident. [Ready room] They demanded that she be returned immediately.
On the contrary. The operations foreman said they haven't had visitors in nearly six months. Until recently, but in the last decade the Paraagan males have made great strides to acquire equal rights. Have you received their landing protocols? Although the matriarchal elements in the culture have diminished it might be best if I were to ask (Sudden explosions around the shuttlepod, and we see the planet's atmosphere burn away as the pod tumbles helplessly.) [Deleted scene - Bridge] This is no time to be placing blame. A thorough investigation should explain what happened. How is he? (Tucker is out cold on a biobed.) I've analysed six of the pod sensor logs. I have two left. Every log on the shuttle indicates that both ducts were sealed and locked. His behaviour has been erratic. He seems to alternate between agitation, despondency and guilt. He spends most of his time alone. I've tried to remind him that this was an accident, but his responses have been illogical. He seems to be ignoring his responsibilities as captain. Nevertheless, as his physician you should monitor him closely, to be certain he remains fit for command. Lieutenant? Where did you find it? It might simply be boro-carbons formed by the explosion. If you'd prefer, I'll come back. Lieutenant Reed and his team have discovered an unidentified EM signature on the ventral hull of Shuttlepod One. Mister Reed felt you'd be interested. Is this what humans refer to as feeling sorry for themselves? I apologise. (She moves to leave.) As soon as we learned about the consequences of the explosion, I knew the Vulcan High Command would take advantage of the situation. You have a responsibility to dispute their recommendation. Then you have a responsibility to convince them as well. You are very adept at listing the questionable decisions you've made, but there have been other decisions, many of them, that no one would question. I'm willing to try to convince my government of that. Are you willing to try to convince yours? I'll see you in the morning. [Sickbay] (Bird-like squawks from a container when Tucker goes near it.) And Daniels claims this is Suliban technology? Captain. The Vulcan ship we were headed for, it's no doubt detected we've altered course. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the colony. Understood. Which one? (Archer sits in front of a set of panels.) Captain, they're all around us. It took a while before we realized that the three discs had to work in unison. The interface seems to be holding. They got a lot closer than you think. (She calls up images of the shuttlepod on it's way to the surface.) They were docked with the shuttlepod for nearly two minutes. As I've told you, the Vulcan Science Directorate has concluded that time travel is impossible. All valid questions, but to conclude that the only answer is that you acquired this information from a dead crewman who transported you back through time is illogical. I can't. Perhaps you were dreaming. Why? I don't remember accusing you of anything. The auto-stabilisers aren't functioning properly. I'll try. Game? Where is he? (resuming transmission) Captain Archer is no longer aboard Enterprise. Perhaps you should check with the vessel you sent for him.
Were there any survivors? Was there time to remove any of the relics? I won't have time to complete my scans of this sector. I'll ask Ensign Mayweather to finish them. I understand the situation, Captain. I'm certain the High Command will find you a suitable replacement. My assignment to the Enterprise was only supposed to last eight days. It was unrealistic to expect it to continue indefinitely. I am largely responsible for what happened. That won't make any difference. Captain, I was assigned to Enterprise not simply as an observer, but to represent the interests of the Vulcan people. It's clear in the eyes of my superiors I haven't done that. For another forty eight hours. Was there anything else? I haven't received another assignment. My superiors believe that I'm responsible for the destruction of the P'Jem sanctuary. It's the logical conclusion. Pride is a human indulgence. There are three billion inhabitants, mostly concentrated in several cities in the equatorial region. The Vulcan database doesn't contain that information. I am uncertain why I was chosen for this mission. I have a lot of work to complete before the Vulcan ship arrives. We're only a few minutes from the capital. Returning to the ship now would be a waste of fuel. Some kind of fixed wing aircraft. I don't think they're an escort. Ready. Perhaps you should invite him on your next mission. (struggling) That seems unlikely. Unfortunately not. (A light comes on and the door is unlocked. The bags are removed from their heads. Three people are there, male humanoids, bumpy foreheads, slit down the nose, no upper lip.) Stop! He's not a tactical officer. He's the ship's steward. We're here to prepare a banquet for your Chancellor. Perhaps. Yes. Only a few centimetres. No. Yes. Slightly. If we can turn around, face each other. The database is accurate. The Coridan government doesn't view this as a civil war. I believe so. Without the database you wouldn't have found this planet, or P'Jem. Enterprise had no good reason to visit a Vulcan sanctuary. I had the opportunity to protest but I chose not to. (Their wrists are now untied.) It's clear that living among humans has caused my reasoning to become compromised. (They reach around each others waists to free themselves.) I am not running away. No. (Archer takes a lick of the stuff on the plate.) I'm not hungry. What happened? Captain Sopek? I'd like to return to my quarters. You should have consulted me first. That won't be possible. Leaving Sickbay would violate my doctor's orders. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
We're picking up a distress call, Captain. It's coming from a vessel approximately two light years to port. No, sir. Should we alter course? The Captain? Put it through. This is Enterprise. Our Captain and Chief Engineer were invited. A man named Zobral. And you are? His ship was damaged and we assisted him. In return, he offered his hospitality. I need to speak to you, Captain. It's urgent. Are you alone? I've been contacted by a government official in a city about two hundred kilometres from where you are now. He claims that you're in danger. [Encampment] According to him [Bridge] Zobral and his men are terrorists. [Encampment] They've been responsible for numerous attacks on civilian targets within the city. Perhaps not, but until we're certain who they are, I suggest you return to the ship. [Encampment] Hail the Captain. Captain, are you all right? In the middle of an assault? (to Hoshi) See if you can find Chancellor Trellit. [Zobral's cellar] You neglected to mention that you'd be attacking the encampment. Captain Archer wanted to speak with Zobral. I don't know. If you'd be willing to end your assault, we could launch a search party. If you believe we're assisting the terrorists, you're mistaken. Let us find them and we'll leave immediately. Chancellor. That might provoke the Torothans. I suggest you try to find a less intrusive way to penetrate their defenses. Humanity's first warp drive was developed there. It seemed a logical place to begin. What's your point? Contacting new worlds always involves unexpected risks. The High Command has very specific protocols regarding planetary conflicts. Eventually, Captain Archer will have to create some directives of his own. [Desert] (One dune ridge looks exactly like another except for the lack of footprints, then Tucker collapses.) Is the Captain with you? Commander Tucker? Where are they? Bring him in. [Launch bay] Jonathan Archer is an excellent starship captain, but he's hardly the invincible warrior described to you. What about our people? Our sensors are being disrupted and the Torothans have threatened to fire on us if we launch a shuttlepod. With you at the helm our chances would improve. You're mistaken. The Torothans believe we've joined your cause. If Captain Archer and Commander Tucker are apprehended, they'll undoubtedly be treated as members of your clan. They'll become victims of the same oppression you've been fighting all these years. You should feel as responsible for those two men as you do for your own. [Desert - ruins] (Finally, two ruined buildings come into view. The pair get there and settle down in the comparative shade.) Our sensors would have detected them. Would they be targeting one of your settlements? Set a course and prepare to fire. I believe they've located the Captain and Commander Tucker. [Desert] (A mortar makes a direct hit on the ruins, but the pair are safely out.) Fire. (The mortar position blows up.) I see them. Two humans bearing one one five mark three. [Desert] (A light from above blinds them to its source.) What you told him was correct. Decisions to get involved in the conflicts of other worlds should be left to governments, and not starship captains.
Vulcans are revered for their accomplishments, not for the way they look. It's a rogue. A planet that's broken out of its orbit. This planet supports a diverse animal population. Hot gas is vented from the planet's interior. Most of the life forms are concentrated in those areas. No evidence of humanoid life. I'm scanning for a break in the canopy. There's a clearing ahead, nine hundred metres, but it's not much bigger than the shuttlepod. Captain, the vessel is that way, six hundred metres. Captain. (They draw phase pistols and switch on the night vision monocles, to see a multi-legged creature crawling up a tree.) I'm still not detecting any biosigns, but their ship's less than two hundred metres in that direction. Yes. For a moment, I had a humanoid biosign. It's gone. (Again we see them through another's eyes.) Have we trespassed in your territory? You're hunters. To kill the indigenous species? We can start with the entomologists then bring the other bioscience teams down. I'd recommend we limit the number of crewmen on the surface to six at a time. Perhaps you were dreaming. Are those volcanic vents? It's more like the grottoes of Deneva Prime. I'm detecting a large geothermal shaft sixty metres in that direction. I'd like to examine it. Sir? Are you all right? There's no internal damage but he's lost a great deal of blood. Lieutenant Reed reports they've docked with Enterprise. What did she say? I believe you should reconsider returning to Enterprise. So the only logical conclusion is that she is a real human woman? How? I'll go with you. A well-armed hunter was nearly killed today. It would be foolish to go into the jungle alone. Is that your only reason for going by yourself? With respect, Captain, I wonder if you would be so determined to find this apparition if it were a scantily-clad man. [Sickbay] Do you hunt on your own world? They sound like intelligent, sentient beings. I find this as distasteful as you do, Captain. I'm just not sure how we can stop them. We have no right to, in any case. Even if we stop them, their people will continue to come here and hunt. They've done it for hundreds of years.
Scans of the sectors ahead. Hear what? That would be unfortunate. The scans of the sectors ahead indicate little chance of finding inhabited planets. We have limited data on the course Starfleet has assigned you. We don't select our destinations by what piques our interest. My people don't share your enthusiasm for exploration. (squeak) Space is vast, Captain. (Archer puts his ear to the floor to listen.) I'm sure you're aware that only one out of every forty three thousand planets supports intelligent life. I'll leave you to your exploring. (T'pol leaves.) Yes, sir. Acknowledged. Bridge to Captain Archer. [Situation room] Approximately ninety two metres in length. It's not moving at all. Almost three light years away. If you insist on allowing your curiosity to dictate your actions. The vessel's hull is comprised of tritanium and disilicon polymers. The residue indicates oxidation and thermal shock effects. It could be the result of a high yield particle impact. Possibly. Yes, but scanning their ship's interior might be seen as a violation of privacy. Not everyone chooses to answer the door when they hear a knock. It would be best to resume our previous course. There are a number of lifeforms aboard. Their cellular activity is below the threshold of your sensors. Maybe they're not interested in visitors. There are a number of protocols we haven't tried. How many? We should leave. Your reason for boarding that vessel was to provide assistance, if assistance was required. Clearly, it no longer is. What's the alternative? Your intentions were admirable, Captain, but nothing can be done for that crew now and if we remain here your crew could be put in jeopardy. It's fine. No, thank you. I detected a stellar nursery along our present course. A closer view might alleviate some of the crew's tension. Not in the least. They weren't Vulcans. We don't know where they came from. It would be very difficult to locate their families. We Vulcans would have never gone on board that ship in the first place. We have a code of behaviour, and we try to obey it. T'Pol to Archer. There's a vessel approaching, Captain. It's power signatures match the scans you took of those bio-pumps. [Bridge] It appears that whoever killed that crew has returned. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] Bridge to Armoury. We have a potentially hostile vessel approaching. Are you prepared to defend the ship? [Armoury] Do the best you can, but I need you on the Bridge in five minutes. [Shuttlepod] Arm extended. Eight thousand kilometres. Our sensors can't penetrate their shielding. [Shuttlepod] Yes. [Bridge] There's been no response. [Shuttlepod] T'Pol to Archer. They're still not responding. Our port nacelle has been damaged. (More weapons fire jolts Enterprise.) They seem to have stopped firing. They're closing on our position. Captain? Tell him we sent the distress call. Why would we kill his people and then do that? Talk to him, Hoshi. It doesn't have to be perfect.
 The planet's orbit has shifted, taking it between two gas giants. Their gravitational pull is causing its core to superheat. And the imaging relays? You should have plenty of time to practice your harmonica. I have no interest in horror movies. I was hoping for something more serious. I've been coerced into watching tonight's movie. (Phlox gives her a hypospray.) Don't be surprised if you see me here again afterwards. I have little doubt my headache will return. [Corridor] (Enterprise has rendezvoused with the Horizon.) I've deployed the imaging relays. Approximately thirty hours. The holometric camera still need to be calibrated. If the sensors are calibrated by then. According to the database, Frankenstein is also a work of literature. Perhaps a dramatic reading would be more illuminating. They'd be more likely to appreciate the author's true intent. I don't understand how sitting silently in a darkened room constitutes fraternising. I beg your pardon? I'm reviewing this morning's sensor data. (turning around) We can stop the film if it's disturbing your conversation. There is something similar. a discipline known as tarul-etek. It uses disturbing imagery to provoke an emotional response. I don't understand why humans would feel compelled to frighten themselves. Cardiovascular activity would be more efficient. There were many medical inaccuracies. I thought the protagonist was interesting. No, his creation. From my perspective, this was the story of an individual persecuted by humans because he was different. In many ways, the film seemed quite prophetic. The reaction of the villagers, for example. It was similar to the reception Vulcans received after landing on Earth. Nevertheless, many humans reacted with fear and anger. I'm going to recommend that Ambassador Soval watch the film. I believe it would help Vulcans who've recently arrived on Earth. On the contrary. I'm looking forward to Bride of Frankenstein. Captain. I'm reading biosigns on the planet. To quote Doctor Frankenstein, it's alive. It appears that several microbial species which live underground are being unearthed by the volcanic activity.
Come in. You wanted something? You could come with me. The transport leaves at eleven hundred hours. There's a guest room in my mother's home. I've never mentioned you. Commander Charles Tucker the third. You've told the Captain that you don't get to see as many alien cultures as you'd like. You've never been to Vulcan. Tar'hana. There are frequent eruptions. We can schedule a tour of the crater, if you're interested. Meaning? Vulcans appreciate beauty. Commander Tucker, I suggest Mother, you're home. (in Vulcan) Commander Tucker is my colleague. He wanted to visit Vulcan. It's not yet midday. Why aren't you at the Science Academy? We had communication difficulties in the Expanse. It's from Koss. I have nothing to say to Koss. Former fiancé. Good morning. Oh four hundred. We have to prepare the morning meal. As guests, it's expected of us. [T'Pol's family home - living room] (The sun is now up, and the three are settling down to the meal, mostly fruit by the looks of it.) The nar'ru vines have bloomed early this year. It sounds as if you're not enjoying retirement. I didn't know one was necessary. I've been offered a commission with Starfleet. If I accept, it could be several years before I'm able to return home. As I recall, you encouraged me to leave. A Starfleet posting is no less important than one with the High Command. I'm sure Father would have approved. Earth is supposed to be our ally. We shouldn't argue in front of a guest. [Bar] (Reed signs an autograph for two young women.) Why are you here? You've received my letters. You know I'm not interested in marriage. You have the option of choosing another mate. You should be aware I've been ill recently. It could take some time for me to recover, assuming it's even possible. What if I declare the kal-if-fee? You find this amusing. It's best if you leave. What do you mean? She retired. Why? Is that what you want, an absent wife? You should go. [Sunset in the mountains] This retirement wasn't your choice. Did you? I don't understand. Why would the Ministry do this? Because of me. They blamed me for the incident at P'Jem. They couldn't reach me on Enterprise, so they punished you. It's criminal. How could you let them do this? That wouldn't be your concern. [Night in the mountains] (The pair are in their sleeping bags, but Archer can't sleep. The nocturnal noises prompt him to get a phase pistol from his rucksack and go scouting. He is jumped by a pair of Xindi reptilians who throw him off a cliff, and he wakes up screaming.) There's something I need to tell you. I've decided to marry Koss. If I join his family, my mother will regain her position at the Academy. His father is a senior Minister with a great deal of influence. The decision was mine. My mother resigned because of my actions. I've been negotiating with Koss's family. They've agreed we won't have to reside together, not right away. I'll remain on Enterprise for the time being. Trip, I have to do this for many reasons. I'm sorry. Yeah. Well, maybe she'd rather make a connection with someone else. I'm grateful that you're here.
: There appears to be considerable activity around two of the inner planets. Numerous ships, all Xindi. A convoy of ships is approaching the detection grid. The grid is extremely sensitive. We'd be detected the instant we passed through. It utilises thousands of satellites. If one of them goes out of commission, it fills the gap. Their shuttle might be able to get through the grid without raising suspicion. Commander Tucker is going to need time to install the translation matrix. Their flightpath is somewhat erratic. (The little shuttle turns towards Enterprise.) They're passing through the grid. [insectoid shuttle] The detection grid is creating too much interference. I've lost them. From the moon's surface. A small monitoring station. The moon's rotation brought it into scanning range. I'm reading three Xindi biosigns. Not yet. Probably for the moon's rotation to bring them back into communication range. Four hours. Sir. The initial explosion would need to be of considerable yield. I'll have this quantum dated. What do you intend to do? He said you're the only one who can end the conflict with the Xindi. You can't do that if you're dead. He's in a position to know. Our recent visit to Detroit has tempered my scepticism. You should reconsider your decision. I don't want you to die. It's not necessary. I'll be in the Ready room. (Where she has a little cry.) [Insectoid shuttle] (Unchallenged, he dives into the ocean and heads for his target.) Come in. I'm aware of that. Doubtful. For what? I'll be notified if my presence is needed. I don't need any leadership advice. Dismissed. Get out. [Reptilian ship brig] (Archer is being interrogated by three Reptilians, one of whom is hitting him. Archer's hands are chained above his head.) Sensors would have easily detected an explosion of that magnitude, even underwater. This system is heavily guarded. Our chances for reaching the weapon are non-existent. There's still a chance the Captain may succeed. If we don't hear from the Captain in one hour, I'll pilot a shuttlepod into the system. Attempt a diplomatic solution. The odds aren't promising, but the fact that I'm Vulcan may help me establish a dialogue. Perhaps, but at the moment I don't see an alternate course of action. [Reptilian ship brig] That's hardly a viable option. We only have one more shuttlepod. You 're wrong. You have made your objection clear. Now return to the Bridge. I gave you an order. Let go of me! I said, let go! Go ahead. Hail them. T'Pol to Engineering. (There are explosions going on down there.) Engineering, report. [Engineering] Get it back. (Explosions, collapsing superstructure including the central dome. Travis gets out of the way just in time.) [Reptilian ship brig] Close them off.
 This new data should help us map the anomalies more accurately. I should also be able to calculate the exact number of Spheres in the Expanse. Not yet. Twenty three biosigns. I believe I can plot a safe course. You've studied them for some time? You're referring to spatial anomalies. That Breath nearly destroyed your ship. Actually, we've determined that there are fifty nine Spheres in the Expanse. That's doubtful. Doubt is the basis of all scientific progress. We have determined that the Spheres are nearly a thousand years old. Mythology often has a basis in fact. Excuse me. (She leaves.) (under armed guard at her station) If you use Enterprise to attack your enemies you may prevail, but your war will not end. (gets up and walks over) Vulcan was once torn by violent conflict. Numerous factions with opposing doctrines on logic. Each decisive victory drove the defeated faction underground until they could regroup and fight again. The cycle perpetuated itself for centuries. Only when we embraced non-violence did we achieve peace. That's illogical. It's not possible to eradicate everyone who disagrees with you. Captain. Main power is being disrupted. I can't identify the location. [Engineering] (Archer is pulling leads and cables out everywhere.)  They're hailing us. No. (She is replaced by Jareb.) They're moving off. [Brig] (D'Jamat is sitting, meditating or praying when Archer opens the door and goes in.)
The Kreetassans manufacture plasma injectors. We need one. We obviously offended them again. Yes. I think we should discuss this in your ready room. [Ready room] Do you recall the stand of trees outside the Hall of Diplomacy? They're Alvera trees, over three hundred years old. The Kreetassans consider the Alvera trees cultural treasures. Apparently, Porthos urinated on one of them. It is understandable. I conveyed your sincerest apologies to the Chancellery. They're discussing possible acts of contrition. I don't need to remind you that Commander Tucker is relying on us. Are you referring to your pride? Not yet. They're not interested in punishing you. They only want an appropriate apology. For what? You shouldn't have brought your dog on a diplomatic mission, especially considering we had previously offended the Kreetassans. You're once again ignoring the consequences of your actions. You obviously place more importance on the quality of the air your pet breathes than on the quality of the plasma that drives your ship. (She speeds up her machine again.) I'm not questioning your pluralities. I'm questioning your priorities. Not when it pertains to primitive quadrupeds who haven't developed the ability to speak or to use a toilet. (She stops her treadmill and gets off.) I obviously can't keep up with you. (comm. beeps) T'Pol. (Archer stops his machine and mops his brow.) I thought you might be hungry. You read the Kreetassan's document? I understand. Ensign Sato and I have broken down the reconciliation demands into specific categories, if you're interested in reviewing them. I'm sorry to have interrupted. I took the liberty of temporarily synchronising our clocks to the Kreetassan's capital city. Mister Tucker reports that the new plasma injector is operating Evidently the finesse you exhibited outside the Hall of Diplomacy was appreciated. That's not necessary. There's no need to apologise. Friction is to be expected whenever people work in close quarters for extended periods of time. Then it's good that you're my superior officer. That we're not in a position to allow ourselves to become attracted to one another, hypothetically. If we were, the friction that you speak of could be much more problematic. [Sickbay]
None that I can detect, but its hull seems to be scattering our sensors. Captain. This might be a hatch. He's human. [Sickbay] There aren't any ships or inhabited systems for several light years. How could he have travelled this far? We haven't found any. [Launch bay two] It's Suliban. Minimal weapons. I don't believe it's a combat ship. They're charging weapons. Forward plating is holding. Their weapons have been disabled. Sir? It could it tell us what happened, maybe even who built the vessel. A database from the future? I'm not certain Daniels would approve of this. A Vulcan cruiser. I don't recognise the configuration. Few Vulcans have ever chosen to mate with another species. There are significant biological differences between the species. It's unlikely we could reproduce. Humans and Vulcans. The dorsal section is the wrong shape. This says it's powered by a temporal displacement drive. Assuming the vessel is from the future, why haven't they retrieved it? The vessel's Tholian. They're extremely xenophobic. The High Command has had limited contact with them. Captain, it's unusual for Tholians to travel this far from their system. They're believe to be a non-humanoid species. They've locked on to us with a tractor beam. Please. The Captain asked me to perform a metallurgical analysis of the vessel's hull. I've discovered several unusual alloys. One of them is in a semi-fluidic state. To say the least. That's his theory. Perhaps. It's not an opinion. It's simple logic. Are you saying you believe time travel is possible? I prefer to embrace logic. If you'll excuse me, Doctor. Captain, the craft is emitting some type of high-energy particles. (They go down the steps to join her.) The radiation could have affected your perception of time. Can I speak with you? [Ready room] The radiation could spread to other sections, affect more systems. I'm not certain we'll survive that long. We've attracted the attention of two hostile species. It's logical to assume they're searching for us. Perhaps you should destroy the vessel. Assuming for the moment the Temporal Cold War exists, I believe we shouldn't get involved. Your curiosity is placing Enterprise in unnecessary danger. Captain. If the Suliban return, they may be cloaked. I recommend we go to Tactical Alert. [Engineering] Bridge to Captain Archer. Several Suliban vessels are approaching. Acknowledged. [Bridge] The ships will be within weapons range in twenty seconds. They're matching our speed. Less than three minutes. Six hundred thousand kilometres. Two hundred thousand kilometres. The crew's alive. The vessel is disabled. The cell ships have dropped out of warp. (The Suliban and Tholians begin fighting each other.) Even if you're correct, it's unlikely help will arrive in time. Bridge to Captain Archer. [Launch bay two] (Archer takes his communicator out of a sleeve pocket.) The Suliban have lost more than half of their ships. [Bridge] You don't have much time. How many? We're prepared to surrender it to you, but our launch bay doors took heavy damage. We're going to need more time. I have a repair team working on it, but they estimate it will take Seal the hatches and send security teams. [Launch bay two] (Archer removes the warhead.) T'Pol to Captain Archer. [Launch bay two control room] They've neutralised the warhead. It dematerialised, and it's not aboard the Tholian ships. They may have only wanted the vessel. Their warp drive is damaged, but life support is stable. There's no evidence to support that. As the captain of the Tal'Kir pointed out, a ship can be replaced. I'm sure the gesture would be appreciated. The High Command has asked me to prepare a report on this incident, with your permission. They're more likely to believe in time travel. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
My emotions are growing more difficult to control. (a very old woman) Come in. The probe? Seven million people. Then you have no choice. You must find Jonathan Archer. [T'Pol's quarters] (Our young woman is trying to meditate by candlelight when the doorbell chimes.) Come in. You're here for neuro-pressure. I think we should discontinue these treatments. You've become quite skilled with the postures I've shown you. I've taught you all I can. (Tucker sits down in front of her.) Worried? The Mess hall's heavily damaged. Where do you suggest I eat? Had sexual relations. I told you, what happened was an exploration, not the prelude to an intimate relationship. Neither did I. I appreciate your concern, but I'm fine. [Command centre] It would appear that his information is out of date. There are at least half a dozen ships. Within sixty thousand kilometres. A ship is dropping out of warp. This can't be right. It's Starfleet, NX class. We haven't entered the nebula yet. Eighteen seconds. We've travelled eleven point six light years. Nothing on long range sensors. Yes. What course should we set? Cochran's warp flight won't happen for another twenty six years. How? The probe won't be deployed for more than a hundred years. That's unlikely. Enterprise doesn't have fuel or provisions for such a long journey. I beg your pardon? You said we couldn't travel through the corridor. The hull wasn't designed for that speed. These chromosomes are human. That's impossible. Vulcans and humans have never been able to reproduce. Hello, Jonathan. It's good to see you. You mean, still alive. You look well. How's Trip? That might be awkward. I wish we had time to get reacquainted. (She hands him a PADD.) You must give this to your Science Officer. She'll know what it means. [Mess hall] She thinks that Lorian's plan won't work. T'Pol found a discrepancy in his calculations. If we exceed warp five point six the injectors could start to overload. We'd be destroyed. He agrees with the assessment. There is an alternative. The subspace corridor. Not necessarily. T'Pol spent many years examining their sensor logs from the incident. She believes it's possible to reconfigure our impulse manifolds. It should prevent the corridor from destabilising. About twelve hours. [E2 - Lorian's quarters] (Archer shows Lorian the PADD.) He had a right to know the risks. Why didn't you tell him? You're allowing your human side to get the better of you. I know that for them guilt can be a powerful motivator. Don't let it cloud your judgment. Not really. He's hardly a kid. He's more than a hundred years old. It's ridiculous to assume those events are going to happen. Hand me the flux coupler. The fact that our counterparts married doesn't mean that we'll do the same. I should have known this was a mistake. Exploring human sexuality with you. You're obviously unable to have a physical relationship without developing an emotional attachment. We would appear to be evenly matched. I can't establish a lock. [Bridge] We need to get closer. Acknowledged. (Another chunk of hardware arrives.) [E2 - Bridge] I'm reading multiple images. We've lost aft plating. Hull integrity's failing. [E2 - Bridge] (With explosions all around them.) We've travelled eleven point six light years. It's unlikely they survived. Are you suggesting that the other Enterprise never existed? If you're right, then why would we remember them?
Target their engines. Someone take him back to his quarters! (Two crewmen grab him.) You’re up early. I know this all seems unfamiliar. I promise I’ll explain everything. Why don’t you sit down. Breakfast is almost ready. Jonathan, please, sit down. I’ll answer all of your questions. Today is a very important day. I have a great deal to tell you. What’s the last thing you remember? Do you remember what happened after you left the Command centre? This will be difficult for you to accept, but that was twelve years ago. [Corridor] I hadn’t planned on it. You have to get out of here! The doctor continued to search for a remedy over the next several weeks. Commander Tucker and I did our best to keep you updated each day on the progress of our mission. [Captain's mess] They were carrying a shipment with the same radiolytic signature. I disagree. We both rely on your experience. You can still contribute to the success of this mission. In the corridor, when the anomaly hit, I urged you to leave me behind. If you had, it’s likely I’d be the one suffering from this condition. Captain, I never expressed my gratitude for what you did. Go ahead. I’m on my way. This was not a conversation I was looking forward to. [Archer and T'Pol's home]  It was Admiral Forrest. The Command Council had reviewed the Doctor’s report on your condition. They relieved you of duty and granted me a field commission. Phlox discovered that the organisms are from a domain outside normal space-time. They exist in a state of interspatial flux. None of his treatments had any effect on them. After several months of searching, we learned where the weapon was being constructed, but the Xindi knew we were getting close. They dispatched two vessels to intercept us. [Bridge] (Two reptilian ships are attacking Enterprise. Travis is injured - or dead) Send security teams. (The Reptilians are looking for Archer. One finds his quarters and kills his guard then goes in, but Archer puts up a good fight and eventually stabs him through the chest with a statuette.) Have your men set up a defence perimeter on B deck. Is their ship still docked with us? The Xindi? Put them in crew quarter’s under heavy guard. How are the repairs coming? How long to repair them? Resume our previous heading. Dismissed. (The others leave.) There’s no option. I chose the logical course of action. If you believe I’ve acted improperly, I suggest you contact Admiral Forrest. [Archer and T'Pol's home] We located the facility where the Xindi constructed the probe, but it had already been deployed. Destroyed. They didn’t stop at your homeworld. They attacked every human outpost they could find. Mars, Alpha Centauri, Vega colony, all were destroyed. Less than six thousand. [Outside] (A small village of curved roofed metal houses.) We’re on the fifth planet in the Ceti Alpha system. It’s far from the Expanse. Most of them are still aboard the ship. It’s in orbit, patrolling this system. Survivors from human colonies realised they needed a place to take refuge. Several convoys headed for this system. One of them was lead by Enterprise. [Bridge] Ambassador.  Come in I doubt you travelled all this way to criticise my attire. I'm no longer under your authority. We’re prepared to confront them. I won’t leave them. You’d take him as well? We could have saved them. We held back their warp programme for one hundred years. A policy which you supported. If we would have helped them develop faster ships, better defences. How did you know that they were? They were here to replenish our supplies. We tried something similar to that a few months ago. It was uncomfortable for you. You often take Porthos for a walk, visit the classrooms on D deck. The children enjoy hearing about our earlier missions. After nearly a year, we arrived in this system. Our convey was the only one to reach it. The others had all been attacked and destroyed. [Ready room] You're needed on Enterprise. The civilian leaders are going to want to meet with you. I’m resigning my commission. Captain Archer will be better off on the surface with the others. He’ll need a caretaker, someone he trusts. I can’t be in two places at the same time. I have my reasons. [Archer and T'Pol's home]  The civilian ships were disassembled for their components and raw materials. We used them to construct the settlement. At this point, you often wonder if you’re a victim of some elaborate deception. Margaret Mullin. You met her when you were twenty four years old, during flight school in San Francisco. The night before you graduated, you asked her to marry you, outside of her apartment on Westgate Avenue. She turned you down. She said she didn’t want to become a Starfleet widow. Our relationship has evolved over the years. We’re going to Enterprise. [Docking hatch] (They are piped on board in traditional Naval fashion. Tucker has gone grey, too.) When can you begin? You left the reception early. I don’t always tell it in detail. I’m remaining at the settlement for the time being. He may need my help during his recovery. I’m not hiding anything. He risked his life to save me. I’m merely repaying a debt. There’s a discrepancy in these scans. Destroying these parasites is most likely the key to saving humanity, and Earth. By destroying the organisms in the present, we appear to have neutralised them in the past. History may be altered. Captain Archer will have remained in command of Enterprise. Our mission in the Expanse could have an entirely different outcome. If the Xindi are on their way there’s very little we can do to stop them.. Jonathan, you need to rest. Where are you going? T’Pol to Phlox. Meet us in Engineering. We’re going to finish the procedure. That’s not necessarily true. Come with me. I'll explain. (Meanwhile, Xindi reptilians are beaming aboard and massacring the crew.) [Engineering] Yes, but then we We would have to overload three plasma injectors. That would send a feedback pulse through the reactor. With all due respect, you were relieved of command. Stand by. (She's also hit, but Archer enters the code before he gets shot as well. He pushes the final lever with his dying breath and the ship explodes very spectacularly.) [Sickbay] We’ve cleared the anomalies. There is minor damage to the starboard nacelle. Repairs should be complete within an hour. You could have been seriously injured. I told you to leave me behind. I believe you wanted to see this. You were obviously looking forward to it, and since you’re not going to be able to attend tonight. Anything else?
Where's Captain Forrest? (to Tactical) Contact Security. (Travis shoots him.) (in his ear) We've received no such communiqués from Starfleet Command. I'd like to see those orders. These orders appear to be authentic. You are in command. I'm not a slave. It's likely we already have. They frequently annex systems outside their core territory. If there's nothing further. Major Reed's next in line. He won't be pleased. You've made it clear you don't approve of Vulcans. T'Pol to Captain Archer. Captain Archer, please respond. We're approaching the warp signature. We're closing on target. Twenty thousand kilometres. There's an overload building in his reactor. I believe the pilot may be attempting to destroy his own ship. We have the pilot. A short-range transmission. Its crystalline structure may act as a natural transmitter. Flux coupler. You should speak to Captain Archer about a promotion. Why would I do that? We agreed never to discuss that. I'd hardly call it a favour. You enjoyed yourself. I needed time to find help. I've disabled the internal sensors and the comm. system. I can't alter our heading. The helm's not responding. (The turbolift door opens, and Archer is there, empty-handed.) It'll take several days to break the encryption. A parallel universe? The Science Directorate has examined all of these theories. They've found no evidence of alternate realities. This is ludicrous, Captain. Someone has fabricated this evidence to lure us here. Commander Archer is guilty of assault and mutiny. Sir, I believe we should send The Captain wants a progress report. Perhaps you should direct your anger at Commander Archer. You're mistaken. Not necessarily. I lured you away from Engineering with the promise of a sexual encounter. [T'Pol's quarters - memory] My mind to your mind. Once we were alone in my quarters, I implanted a telepathic suggestion. My thoughts to your thoughts. I compelled you to sabotage the power grid. [Engineering] After you completed the assignment, we melded again. I altered your memory of what had happened. It was my duty to help Captain Forrest regain command. Threats are illogical. We've reached the coordinates. Autonavigation has disengaged. Primary systems are offline, including life support. We're reading thirteen biosigns, all alien. One of them appears to be reptilian. They're clustered in this section. (She indicates the area where the nacelles join the lower decks.) We've detected no human signatures. Someone's removed these components. Human. (Archer rolls him over. Ensign Ricky has a big hole in his chest. Archer picks up his phaser.) His neck's broken. I can activate their systems. Enterprise is under attack. [Bridge] Enterprise is taking heavy damage. Commander. (They all look at the viewscreen, as Enterprise explodes inside the Tholian Web.) To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
It's approaching at warp six. It's not in the Vulcan database. There's no way to tell. Our sensors can't penetrate their hull. Fully operational. None that I can detect. The vapour doesn't contain any elements our sensors can identify. Mostly helium, trace amounts of xenon. We have no reason to believe their motives are hostile. We don't know that. I suppose it depends on how you look at it. Ensign Sato is trying to communicate with the life forms. Nothing yet. I've spoken to a number of officers. They say the crew is concerned, but remaining calm. Where's Commander Tucker? They've released the ship and Commander Tucker. They've done everything you've asked. Have you considered they may have been telling the truth when they said they were just curious about us? [Ready room] Come in. Is there something I can do for you? Do you think it's appropriate for you to be here at this hour? Have you been drinking? T'Pol to Captain Archer. Would you please come to my quarters with a security team. I'm capable of defending myself. I wouldn't know. I don't understand. I've never thought about it. This isn't Lieutenant Reed. We thought it best not to discuss this over the comm. We don't know who's been taken. There are two here. Fifty eight, including us. Twenty four locked in their quarters, and Doctor Phlox. We need to learn more about these life forms. It's illogical to believe we can do that without learning more about the aliens' intentions. I'd like your permission to leave the catwalk. Not necessarily. If a lifeform attempts to exchange its consciousness with mine, I believe I can prevent it. No offence, Captain, but the Vulcan mind is far more disciplined that yours. It can resist temptations, emotions, and I believe, invasions by these lifeforms. If an alien attempts this transfer, there may be a brief period when our minds are conjoined. It's possible I can ascertain their motives. There's no other choice. It's a risk I'm willing to take. You told me you trust my judgment. Trust it now, unless you have another suggestion. [Sickbay] (The comm. beeps.) They're lying to us. We don't have time for this, Phlox. I have to get to the Captain. [Catwalk command area] Their ship is deteriorating, and they have no way to repair it. They can't survive in space. Eighty two of them are. One for every crewman on Enterprise. Hundreds. The rest will try to find another vessel of corporeal beings. Where's Commander Tucker? Please find him. (Travis leaves.) T'POL: If the Commander can find a way to shield Enterprise, we can leave the catwalk and go to warp. Two thirds will survive. That may be difficult. It would be no different than being exposed to space. They'd die. Not since we sealed them. Those six switches control the feed. You're going to have to recalibrate them in sequence for CO2. [Atmosphere control] I'll guide you through it.TRAVIS: Commander, I've been looking all over for you! Are you all right, sir? (Tucker is working busily at a wall control panel, then abruptly gets onto the catwalk and walks briskly away.) If he knows what we're doing. There are two solenoids behind the openings. When you tap them simultaneously, the plate should retract. [Corridor] T'POL: The nine o'clock position will vent the gas when we're finished. (As Phlox reaches for the lever, Tucker grabs his arm, throws him away and starts closing the valves instead. Hitting him with the metal cover doesn't stop him, but a headbutt from a space helmet does. The CO2 is released while the possessed engineer tries to move the lever back, and he passes out.) They're in pursuit. (The big ship opens it's maw again.) T'POL: Stand by. Now. (Archer fires two torpedoes at it. They detonate within the cavernous body and the ship falls to pieces.) [Corridor]
Science officer's log, August 14, 2152. Enterprise remains on course for the trinary system. I've transmitted a distress call but the nearest Vulcan ship is more than nine days away. By the time they arrive, they may only find debris, if that. Even if Enterprise makes it past the black hole without being destroyed, it seems likely the crew won't survive. [T'Pol's quarters] I'm continuing my analysis of the condition that's stricken the crew. Without Doctor Phlox's assistance I'm not hopeful about reversing its effects. I'm documenting my findings so that Starfleet will at least have a record of what happened. The symptoms began not long after we set a course for the trinary system. That was nearly two days ago. [Situation room] A class four. That's correct, but none of them were part of a trinary star system. The gravitational shear between the stars is extreme. We'd have to drop to impulse, but we should be able to approach to within five million kilometres. Two days. Good morning. Am I interrupting? Today's duty roster. (She hands over a PADD.) Lieutenant Reed has a new security protocol he'd like to discuss with you. Chef didn't report for duty this morning. He's ill. Doctor Phlox said it's a simple virus. He should be fine after a few days' rest. Ensign Sato has offered to take charge of the mess hall. Apparently, she spends some of her free time in the Galley and is eager for an opportunity to cook for the crew. I'd be happy to. The next two days should provide you with ample opportunity. Perhaps by focusing on one incident, a single event that exemplifies your relationship with your father, you'll be able to condense your thoughts. I'm hardly qualified. [Galley] Commander. Commander. (raising her voice) Commander. (He turns off the drill.) T'POL: Perhaps you could finish that later. He also requested detailed sensor readings of this trinary system. We also have sensitive hearing. (Tucker resumes drilling and my Come in. This trinary system is emitting some unusual radiation. I'm trying to identify it. Correct. I said it was important. I prefer to work here. I'll need your assistance with this. Are you feeling all right, Commander? Lieutenant, I need your I beg your pardon? Even to the First Officer? Part of your new security protocol? I haven't been to the Bridge for several hours. As I was saying, I need assistance establishing a sensor interface in my quarters. I've asked Commander Tucker, but he became agitated. It was uncharacteristic, even for him. Have you noticed anything abnormal about his behaviour? I was asked to run detailed scans of the trinary star system. It isn't a tactical issue. Lieutenant, why are you armed? Have you cleared this with the Captain? Has he approved your proposal? No. [T'Pol's quarters} (Continuing the dictation from the start of the story.) It wasn't long before I realized the odd behaviour wasn't limited to Commander Tucker. In fact, everyone I encountered was acting strangely, growing consumed with matters that seemed trivial at best. I also discovered that although I appeared to be immune, the Captain was not. [Engineering] (Archer enters, gazing at the PADD he's writing the book preface on.) All I requested was a bowl of Plomeek broth. Captain? May I speak with you? (Archer takes the pot of oden off the stove and starts to help himself.) You said to interrupt you if there was an emergency. I believe there is. The crew's behaviour has become erratic. Even by human standards, they've grown distracted. Everyone I've encountered appears to be preoccupied with trivial matters. Ensign Sato's recipe, for example. Your preface. We should declare a medical emergency and have Doctor Phlox examine the crew. I suggest he begin with you. Captain. Your crew is in danger. Captain. Was he injured? Doctor, you may want to delay the procedure. We have a larger problem. The entire crew is ill. You've been affected, as well. The crew's bio-signs were growing erratic. I began to doubt any of them would survive more than a few hours. [T'Pol's quarters] (continuing to dictate her log) Ironically, Dr. Phlox's obsession with Ensign Mayweather's headache has provided some useful data. His cerebral scans have helped me determine that the radiation coming from the trinary system is causing (a computer alert sounds) Computer, pause. (A scan of the star's radiation fields comes Captain? Captain Archer! You're needed on the Bridge. We have very little time. Your crew may be dying. Do you remember that trinary star system? It's emitting a dangerous form of radiation. It's affecting your Do you understand? He's been affected as well. Vulcan physiology seems to be immune. It's not that simple. If we go back the way we came we'll spend two more days in the radiation field. I've charted a course that'll have us clear of the radiation in less than seventeen minutes. (T'Pol pours him coffee from a thermos that was on his desk.) But we'll have to pass within two million kilometres of the black hole. There's considerable debris and gravitational shear. Someone needs to pilot Enterprise while I determine the course corrections. He's been sedated. We have no other choice. [Bridge] (Enterprise sails serenely through gas and boulders as Reed sleeps at his post.) More gravitational shear. We're too far to port. Twelve point four. Six minutes. Another shear front. We need to rotate our longitudinal axis by twelve degrees and bring our flight vector to zero one four mark two seven. Zero one four mark. Just minor debris. The hull plating is holding. Our lateral vector is drifting. Captain! You're doing well. New heading. Zero zero six mark four. (A huge They'd take too long to charge. (A big hit, and the alert klaxon Less than ten seconds. Five more seconds. (They clear the gas cloud and are in open black, starlit space again.) Nothing on sensors. (Tucker wakes and gets up off the floor.) I wasn't certain it would work on a Denobulan.
Bridge to Captain Archer. We've got an alien vessel approaching. They're hailing us. Yes, sir. The wavefront spans more than half a dozen light years. A Vulcan starship encountered a class five over a century ago. The vessel was nearly destroyed. Approximately four hours. You're proposing we take refuge in a crawlspace? You're behind schedule. Do you need help? That's correct. Perhaps some of your creatures could share. All right. Twenty cubic metres. We'll be inside the phenomenon for nearly eight days. We can run all the scans we want. Lieutenant Reed has completed his modifications. A single neutronic surge could overload the grid and damage critical systems. I must have remembered incorrectly. [Bridge] One minute, five seconds. Thirty seconds. (The ship starts to shake.) Twenty seconds. Fifteen. Ten. Only slightly. (Archer turns off the PADD and settles down to sleep, but with the light on and T'Pol tapping at her PADD, it's not easy.) Am I disturbing you? Really. Perhaps we can sing a few songs later. In a manner of speaking. I once participated in the kahswan ritual. I was taken to the desert and left to survive for ten days. I'm familiar with every one of them. Is that an order? I'm not skilled at fraternising. The antimatter injectors have come online. A power surge could've triggered both circuits. We're more than twenty light years from your homeworld. It's an unlikely coincidence. They obviously don't realise we're in the catwalk. If they learn we're here, it would undoubtedly endanger the crew. We may outnumber them, but we only have three EV suits. Understood. We're in position. Stand by. [Bridge] We're having trouble with the dilithium sequencers. It's taking longer than we expected. We're disabling [Junction 42A] The final sequencer. [Bridge] Report. Maintain your course. (The militia ship undocks and flies away.) They could still be on board. Maintain your course. That's an order. (comm. beep) Go ahead. Ensign. (Enterprise veers off into calmer space.) Captain's Starlog, supplemental. We seem to have passed through the worst part of the storm, but it'll still be a while before we can leave the catwalk. The crew's in relatively good spirits, considering they haven't had a change of uniform in eight days. [Catwalk] (Movie night is a Western.) The dead man was secretly working for Sheriff Boggs. Isn't it obvious? That's everyone. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
It's a volatile region between the Klingon Empire and the Orion Syndicate. It attracts the most dangerous elements from both. What view is that? I believe that's true of most species, if not all. Honeymoon? My government is trying to work out a diplomatic solution. There's still a chance they'll be successful. Thank you, Captain. Captain's Starlog, May 17, 2154. We've crossed into the Borderland, three light years from where the Klingons were attacked. Still no sign of their ship. [Sickbay] (The DNA strands are displayed on the overhead screen. Soon is no longer in handcuffs, but still under guard.) Orion Interceptors. I'm picking up an energy surge from one of the interceptors. No. (Then she gets beamed away.) [Engineering] Ensign. Are you all right? Don't touch it. Have you seen anyone else from the ship? An Orion slave market. The Orions traffic in forced labour. We're being processed for auction. Ensign. Ensign. I don't know your name. Jeffrey, Enterprise will come. It may take some time. We should try to stay together until they get here. [Bridge] (Enterprise is orbiting a planet, along with a lot of smaller craft.) If you wish, I can teach you how to minimise your anxiety. Ensign, don't! (Pierce gets a punishment zap. T'Pol is taken up to an auction block, where the green giant effortlessly lifts her up to let the buyers have a better look. The bidding starts, electronically. We see Tellarites in the crowd.) How many were taken? I'm not for sale. (She's beamed away.) Doctor Phlox says I can resume my duties this afternoon. There's a slight ringing in my left ear, but it should dissipate over time. Vulcans don't have honeymoons. After the ceremony, I went to Mount Seleya to meditate alone.
It appears to be a transport vessel. When is this Great Plume due to erupt? Six days. Our beliefs are based on logic and the pursuit of clarity. On screen. We're aware of it. Twice. Agreed. Ensign. We're circumnavigating a plasma storm, Captain. [Sickbay] It's just turbulence from the outer edge. Ensign. What about the transport ship? I'm sure. The Vulcan Science Directorate has studied the question of time travel in great detail. They found no evidence that it exists or that it can exist. That proves nothing. That doesn't mean that it was given to them by visitors from the future. Until Daniels can offer you concrete proof, I'd remain extremely skeptical. If Daniels could travel through time why not simply go back one more day into the past and prevent Silik from boarding this ship in the first place? Or maybe he's really not from the future. He could be trying to conceal his true intentions. There's a difference between keeping an open mind and believing something because you want it to be true. Commander? One of the power relays is offline. T'Pol to Captain Archer. (Silik draws a weapon, then gestures him to answer.) We've finished the modifications. Mister Daniels is eager to get started. What is it? He's in his quarters. No, the Plume is just beginning. Captain? Took what? Bridge to Captain Archer. A Suliban vessel just took something in and went to warp. Should we go after them? [Launch bay] The transport ship has left. We're ready to resume course. Have you learned how it works? I'd be glad to help. Agreed. [Bridge]
Are you certain? You seem to have a large inventory. Our sensors showed over eighty thousand litres. Several. Not usually. We're here to trade with them, not judge their living conditions. They must realise that you trade with other ships. Tessic is explaining that their yield isn't what they'd hoped. Have you tried contacting your homeworld? The deuterium's been stowed. Two hundred litres. Should I instruct Ensign Mayweather to break orbit? And if they withdraw? What will keep them from coming back after we've gone? I doubt these marauders answer to the High Council. Captain, this may surprise you, but I agree. However, short of killing the Klingons any action we take will only make the situation worse. Klingons are aggressive warriors but their tactics are crude. They're slow to adapt to changing circumstances. We'll shuttle small groups to Enterprise for whatever training we have time for. Preferably people who have experience with weapons. Klingons carry disrupters but they prefer to use bladed weapons in combat. The two most common being the bat'leth, a curved, bilateral sword and the mek'leth, a two-pronged dagger. The bat'leth can decapitate its victim with one stroke while the mek'leth is typically used to slash the throat or disembowel. I cannot teach you to defend yourselves against these weapons. The Vulcan martial art, Suus Mahna, takes years to master. However, I can teach you a simple evasive That was called the Navorkot. It isn't difficult to learn. Who would like to try first? [Settlement] (Night again, and Q'ell brings water to Tucker.) Hey! (As her feet connect with the Klingon's face, several Captain.
Come in. (Porthos makes himself right at home.) Meaning? Us? If Daniels is the time traveller he claims to be, why doesn't he find our for himself? I would think he would have all the time in the world. How are we supposed to accomplish this?  We just travelled ninety light years back to Earth. Forgive me if I'm not entirely convinced. This apparatus. It appears to have been designed to incapacitate the vehicle. (The car's been clamped. The next potential one with an open window has a Rottweiler in it. They finally get into a truck with ladders on the roof and a loud radio which Archer struggles to switch off)  Have you ever operated a vehicle from this period? I suggest you begin with two. I don't believe you've activated your external lighting. 2002. It was the closest I could find in the Starfleet database. Turn starboard on twenty fourth street. I have created a search grid that requires a journey of approximately eighty kilometres, but it's probably we'll find them before we complete it. (Later, a light has come on on the dashboard.) What's that icon? Where? That's going to be difficult at this time of night. We'll return what we don't use. [Strode's apartment] (Loomis rings the bell on 602. The door opens slightly and the occupant answers from lower down, from behind the chain.)  Were they aware at this time that Earth's supply of fossil fuel was nearing depletion? One kilometre, straight ahead. (Archer parka up very neatly in a near-deserted car park.) Second structure from the left. Three Xindi biosigns. Five, in another part of the building. Go ahead. I've found a gate with an electric locking mechanism. We shouldn't have a problem. Do you see the vehicle?(Archer ducks out of line of it's headlights.) What's this? (She shows him the case of Methohexital.) Really. Why would anyone on the street be interested in acquiring methohexitol? Does it seem logical to you that legitimate medical research is being conducted in an abandoned factory? In one individual we've managed to find the worst qualities of this era. Greed, violence, moral corruption. Did he also figure that you'd have no compunctions about abducting people? Is that what human life is worth in the twenty first century? Be quiet. I told you to be quiet. Does the Fiesta Salad contain animal products? Nothing for me, thank you. Quite. (Driving along again. Loomis is eating his burger with his hands tied.) Drive. Don't speak until we're out of visual range. [Warehouse] When my associate returns we'll discuss the details. You've been abducting people for money and you're questioning our honesty? (On the warehouse, Archer disentangles himself from the wires and IV and starts following the Reptilians through the building using the scanner. He has his phase pistol ready.) Sit back. What are you doing? Extinguish that now! Now. (He throws the cigarette out of the vehicle. Her communicator chirps and she takes the keys from the ignition.) Stay exactly where you are. (She gets out of the car.) T'POL: T'Pol.  Why would they travel back through time? Are you in a position to disable all three of them? [Warehouse - looking down on the Xindi lab]  They must have some kind of temporal beacon. If you can destroy it, they'll have no way of getting back. [Warehouse - looking down on the Xindi lab]  Modify your scanner to a delta band frequency. That should help you locate the signal from the temporal beacon. (Loomis digs a flick knife out from the base of the passenger sea.t) [Warehouse - looking down on the Xindi lab] (Archer locates the beacon and fires his phase pistol at it. He also hits a Xindi and starts a shooting match. The remaining two pull a metal tube out of the middle of the machine and make a run for it. Archer jumps down onto the floor of the lab and puts temporal tabs on the bio-reactor and the fallen Xindi.) Yes, Captain. Acknowledged. (She returns to the car and throws the keys at Drive. (Further on.) Pull over and stop here. Lower your window. Be quiet. They're coming. (As soon as the building door opens, We've eliminated his only means of returning to his own century. Perhaps he has no other choice. If they can infect three quarters of Earth's population, it's unlikely humans will pose a threat to them in the future. Come with me. (The Command centre now contains the bio-reactor and three Xindi-Reptilians.) [Outside warehouse - day] (Patrol cars screech to a halt, a little bit sideways.)
I've been fine. I'm reading the Kir'Shara. Interesting. Extremely. I see no point in discussing it. It's in the past. Talking won't change that. I don't feel anything about it. It's the truth. Trip, I appreciate what you're trying to do, but it's not necessary. The Vulcan Science Academy has been studying sub-quantum transporting for some time, with little result. It could be a form of spatial distortion. F Deck. Near the Armoury. [Armoury] (An electric arcing effect is going on as the two men search for the cause. A distorted something hits Burrows, and he screams.) He suffered massive cellular disruption, as if he'd been subjected to intense delta radiation. You've spent a great deal of time in this region of space. Are you sure? The probe materialised at the target coordinates. Captain, we're receiving telemetry. [Transporter alcove] Bridge to Captain Archer. We're picking up another one. [Bridge] It's on C deck, section five. It's fluctuating. I've lost it. This way. It should be here. (The weird phenomenon appears behind them.) It's highly unstable, surrounded by a subspace field. (It passes between them, just touching T'Pol, who collapses in agony.) [Sickbay] I took visual readings. (Tucker transfers the data to the main Sickbay monitor.) We don't fully understand the nature of these manifestations. They could pose other dangers. What he claims he needs. Because he's a friend of the family? The power conversion tables. Some of these modifications should help. Is there anything else? Movie night? I don't think I'll have the time for either. Kir'Shara. Eventually. I may have found new priorities. I'm needed on the Bridge. [Launch bay] (Archer has wheeled Emory down to see the shuttlepods.) T'Pol to Captain Archer. I picked up something that was in your area, but I've lost it. [Launch bay] Nothing. [Transporter alcove] Captain. B deck, section eight. [Transporter alcove] It's still difficult for me to accept. The Kir'Shara is having an enormous impact. I've never felt less certain. Do you have a moment? I'm going through something that's very complicated. I'm learning, it seems for the first time what it truly means to be Vulcan. Not until I understand it myself. I don't think there'll be time for (pauses) That you understand.
Just the MACOs. I've found a way to detect their warp signature. And Travis designed a sensor grid that should extend our range. Only one hundred and twenty eight. What about Columbia? Minister T'Pau is dispatching twenty three vessels. The High Command has been disbanded. Many of our ships no longer have full crew compliments. (seeing his desk monitor) Andorian and Tellarite fleet deployments? Have you discussed this with Commander Shran, or Ambassador Gral? Even if both sides were to agree, which seems unlikely, their deployments would have to be co-ordinated, a command hierarchy established. Precisely. It might work. These have four species have never co-operated on a mutual endeavour. We've received the final confirmations. All one hundred and twenty eight ships are in position. The combatants fight with these. (An almost semicircular blade with a wicked serrated edge.) It's called an Ushann-Tor. Andorians will consider that a further insult. Updating your will? Shran is a member of the Imperial Guard, trained in combat from childhood. He won't back down. If you back down, the Imperial Guard will withdraw their ships. Vulcans have a saying. One man can summon the future. What happens if that man throws away his life before his time? If anything happens to you. Take your places. There is still time to end this. Bridge to Captain Archer. [Bridge] Four ships have located the marauder's power signature. Not at this distance. Approaching visual range. It doesn't match. (at Reed's station) We have biosigns. Two humans. We'll need to be much closer. I can't get a lock through the camouflage. They're clear. (another bang) Sensors are down. I've lost them. [Control area]
Lieutenant Hess. Astrometrics detected what could be micro-singularities in the vicinity of the asteroid field. Our deflectors registered some unusual charged particles at the same time the Tesnian ship began to malfunction. No, but our hull plating was polarised. How are you feeling? Captain Archer would be quite annoyed with me if I told you of your heroics. I believe he's looking forward to doing that himself in the morning. I had no idea you could be so selfless in the face of such danger. Most males of your species would have given in to their fear. Vulcans can never ignore courage. (She sits on the bed and takes his Yes. May I call you Malcolm? I think it's a lovely name. Mol-Kom is the Vulcan word for serenity. Did what? Vulcans don't smile. I've analyzed the scans we took of the Tesnian ship right before it crashed. I believe they were hit by a micro-singularity. This is no myth, Captain. Three of the singularities also hit Enterprise. They collided with our hull plating here, here and here. They were. The dispersal pattern suggests they dissipated on impact. This could be a significant discovery, Captain. If we could get quantum sensor readings of the three impact points, we could authenticate our findings. I never intended to suggest that our crewmembers were less important than a scientific discovery. Even one of this historic magnitude. Yes. About what? Good night, Lieutenant.
He's insulting us or we insulted them? That much is obvious. Have you run a diagnostic? We rely on you to recognise the difference, Ensign. I didn't say that. I simply noted that linguistic matters fall within your responsibility. For all we know it was Mister Tucker's table manners that offended them. There's no need to react emotionally. Try to learn from failure. It could help your next first contact be more successful. Yes. Now might not be the best time. Our encounter didn't go well but I doubt we gave them reason to attack us. We're not even certain that the organism's hostile. We'll need to communicate with them better than last time. T'Pol to Doctor Phlox. Report. Yes. Stand by. (The display monitor switches to an overhead view of dissection table with the tentacle on it.) Doctor? I'm sorry, Ensign, there isn't enough time. We need to neutralise it, quickly. You said phase pistols had no effect? Then I suggest you find a method that does. Can you assemble some EM emitters? What happened? Mister Reed, withdraw your team. [Cargo bay two] (to Hoshi) You wanted a chance to communicate. I suggest you begin. [Sickbay] (Looking at five sets of lifesign readouts on the monitor.) How much time do they have? Do you have a suggestion? A force field. And? I suggest you work quickly. [Bridge] Where? Lay in a course. Let me know as soon as they respond. [Situation room] Any progress? The situation requires expertise, not luck. If you don't, no one else aboard Enterprise does. It was your suggestion that we attempt to communicate with it. If you don't think that's possible, we'll have to find another solution. Mathematics is sometimes considered a form of language. Perhaps I can assist you. [Cargo bay two] What if we used a bilateral algorithm? Did you compensate for frequency drift? Allowing your emotions to control you won't help solve this problem, Ensign. You asked for my help. As First Officer it's my duty to supervise you. It's my job. On the contrary. It would be a great loss to Starfleet if you were not a part of this crew. If you feel I've been unfair to you, I apologise, but I hold you to a high standard, Ensign, because I know you're capable of achieving it. Shall we continue? Any code can be broken. [Bridge] (Travis is basically on his own when an incoming signal beep starts up.) Go ahead. Understood. [Armoury] (A crewman makes final adjustments to the emitters.) T'Pol to Lieutenant Reed. We've made some progress on the translation, but we're going to need to get into the cargo bay to test it. Is the forcefield ready? You'll have to do it quickly. Doctor Phlox says our people don't have much time. We're about to find out. (The group goes back inside and Hoshi switches on the Universal Translator.) Ask what it wants. What's it saying? Ensign. The Kreetassans already gave them to us. Tell it we're taking it back. Here. Not them, it. This is all one organism. (They open the box and the white thing crawls out to rejoin the big web.)
There's a Minshara class planet less than a light year away. Two, but they're very faint. You've encountered other warp-capable species? No. They did come looking for us, and considering they've already met two other warp-capable species the risk of contamination seems acceptable. We should assign some crewmen to watch Doctor Phlox and his equipment. Your experience with lesser civilisations is limited, Captain. You might be surprised what a temptation our technology can be. (She overhears Hoshi's young man.) No. We may look alike, but the similarity ends there. That's impossible. My teeth were sealed with a tri-fluorinate compound twenty three years ago. I'm sure you have more pressing concerns. I'll come back later. Are you asking out of personal interest or scientific curiosity? In my experience, humans lack the emotional maturity for interspecies relationships. They tend to be easily infatuated with things they find new. This crewman may simply be satisfying her curiosity at your expense. Be careful. [Ready room] We've received twenty nine hails in the past two hours. Apparently, word of our arrival has spread quickly. Other clinics are requesting help. Two orbital spacecraft approached us while you were on the planet. They mistakenly believed that we already had a cure. We had to turn them away. What did you tell them? And? Even if you give them our reactor schematics they don't have the technical expertise to build a warp engine. Then your decision shouldn't be difficult. The Vulcans stayed to help Earth ninety years ago. We're still there.
I asked if you've Starfleet forbids officers from fraternising with subordinates. Unless you've been violating regulations On Vulcan, we mate only once every seven years. It's my understanding that your mating ritual is effective in easing tension. Efficiency's down three percent. Perhaps it's time the crew takes shore leave. I took the liberty of locating a suitable planet approximately nine days from our present location. It's called Risa. It's tropical, with an abundance of pristine beaches. You'll find more information in the Vulcan database. Yes, by a humanoid culture receptive to easing tension. [Deleted scene - Mess Hall] If you're wearing that to impress the women on Risa, you may as well stay on board. Mister Tucker has a point. The safety of this ship depends on its captain being at his most efficient. Incoming transmission from Starfleet Command. Thank you for volunteering your quarters. I imagine she'll spend most of the journey alone, engaged in meditation, but if it seems appropriate I'll ask if she'll meet with you. If you wouldn't mind taking that. (A picture in a frame.) Ambassador V'Lar is accustomed to a Spartan environment. (Archer arrives just as Hoshi tries to leave.) I believe so. I've prepared this to familiarize the crew with Those guidelines are largely precautionary. I doubt the crew will have much opportunity to interact with her. I'm simply following the protocols used in dealing with an ambassador of V'Lar's distinction. Thank you, Captain. [Bridge] T'nar pahk sarat y'rani. The odour. The human scent is difficult to mask. I hope, Ambassador, that you regard the charges against you with less levity. How do you intend to defend yourself? Are you saying you're guilty? Another time, perhaps. This is your cabin. I'll say good night. You presume that my time with humans has left me susceptible to their emotions. If you're sensing anything from me, it isn't anger. Good night, Ambassador. (T'Pol leaves. Further down another corridor -) Captain. I assume you're talking about Ambassador V'Lar. If you believe I was rude, I'll convey my apologies. It's uncommon for a Vulcan to commit a crime. Unheard of for a person in Ambassador V'Lar's position. It doesn't matter. If she were innocent, she would have insisted on staying to defend herself. I've met the ambassador before, though she clearly doesn't recall. It was many years ago on Vulcan during my early schooling. She had just negotiated the Treaty of Ka'Tann and I travelled a great distance to see her. The ambassador inspired me to choose a direction in my own life. A path that led me to the Science Council, and eventually here. Vulcans don't have heroes. Direct hit to Engineering, subsection 12. We've taken damage. You have no idea who they were? Ambassador, we're here at the request of the Vulcan High Command. It would be illogical for you to withhold information from us. I hope I'm not interrupting. If you need anything, it can be brought to you. I don't care for it. It was the Captain that I wanted to speak to you about. He deserves to be told the truth. (V'Lar sits at a table.) You can make things easier for him. The High Command has requested his assistance. It doesn't seem unreasonable to ask why. Yes. He's resentful. He believes we held back their development of warp technology. But situations like this only reinforce their resentment. If we expect to continue our relations with humanity we have to earn their trust. I meant no insult. You remember. I apologise if I acted inappropriately. I took the liberty of speaking with Ambassador V'Lar. The ambassador and I spent the last two hours talking. She's even more remarkable than her reputation suggests. I believe it should. She's not guilty of the crime she's been accused of. The charges were fabricated to get her off Mazar and divert attention from her actual mission. She can't reveal that, but she's convinced me that it's critical we help her accomplish it. She also told me that if we return her to Mazar she'll be killed. She wouldn't tell me. Yes. I can't accept that she'd sacrifice a lifetime of accomplishments with an act of criminal misconduct. Not to her. We must take her to the Sh'Raan. Captain, since I've served aboard Enterprise I've never asked you for anything. I'm asking for this now. Don't return the ambassador to Mazar. Please. (he nods) Thank you. [Deleted scene - Bridge] Yes. A Minshara class planet with three moons. Its gravity is approximately equal to Earth's sea level. I wouldn't know. I'm told there are. It's all in the database. I meditated in an isolation chamber filled with warm alluvial mud. Polarise the hull plating. Captain, report to the Bridge. [Bridge] They're targeting our engines. Comparable to Starfleet. I don't believe they've exceeded warp five. They're matching our speed and accelerating. Warp four point nine. Captain, report to the Bridge. [Bridge] Holding at warp four point nine, but Commander Tucker doesn't believe we can sustain it for more than another ten minutes. Their jamming signal is disrupting our sensors as well. If we could maintain our present speed, approximately fifty three minutes. The Sh'Raan is capable of warp seven. If we could maintain warp five we'd reach them in twelve minutes. Wouldn't they respond? [Engineering] (Lights flicker. The smoke from the vents has turned to flames.) Eight minutes. (Big bang.) If they received our message, another ten minutes. That was before we dropped out of warp. Her injuries are extensive. Plasma burns, neurological trauma.
That accounts for everyone. Mister Reed has both forward phase cannons back online in addition to the aft torpedo launchers. Hull plating is up to eighty percent. Degra's message was clear. We're to meet him ten hours from now. You're busy. I'll come back. None. (agitated) These emotions have grown more difficult to control. My usual techniques for suppressing them haven't been effective. Are you saying these emotions may never subside? It's a spatial anomaly. We've entered a dense field.  [Engineering] Captain. (On the viewscreen, a little ship appears from nowhere.) Pepperoni pizza. Damage reports? I'm sure they'll appreciate that. When was the last time you slept? That was two days ago. Go to your quarters. Get some sleep. I could order you. We've been working to reconstruct our database. Increase the data resolution. Commander. Commander! The Captain is trying to gain Degra's trust. (Tucker closes his tool box and stalks out of the room. Outside, the hole blows into a green volcano.)  [Situation room] (The wall monitor has 'System failure' in large red letters on it.) It must have ruptured when our sensors were offline. The manifold pressure is increasing. We have less than six minutes before the fire reaches the reactor shielding. He's too close to the fire. His EV suit can't compensate. The forward valve is closed.  [Ship's hull] We've detected a ship. They've just passed through the cloaking barrier. The Reptilian ship has been destroyed. Crewman Rostov said I'd find you here. You might find this useful. Portable power cells. Is there anything I can help you with? You think that the loss of a colleague or friend doesn't affect us? It does. But if we give in to those emotions, they overwhelm us. You're the ones to be envied.  [Ready room]
We have a plan to disable Sphere Forty One. Report. Be prepared to initiate the pulse within two hours. Two hours, Mister Tucker. Has it occurred to you what's going to happen if Captain Archer fails? If Earth is destroyed? Good. Then you've already come to the conclusion that without humanity there's no one to combat these Sphere Builders. Their Expanse will continue to grow, encompassing one system after another, including Vulcan. Your world is no longer the only one in jeopardy. Two hours. [Bridge] What is it? Are you certain these are the coordinates? Have you analysed it? If we're going to disable the network we'll need to get within a kilometre of the surface. Twelve minutes won't be enough. Commander Tucker has completed his modifications to the deflector. I apologise if I interrupted you. (Phlox hands over a cylinder.) I have always found it distracting to think of death, especially when entering a dangerous situation. We're not dead yet. Go ahead. Take us out of warp. Hope for the best, Doctor. [Bridge] Are you ready to release the compound? Then proceed. Stand by to charge the deflector. Set a course, Ensign. Captain's starlog, supplemental. We've begun to formulate a plan, thanks to Hoshi, who's made some progress in decrypting the schematics. [Degra's ship - Hoshi's room] Doctor? Any sign of the Sphere? Hold your course. [Reptilian Bridge] How far? As soon as we make visual contact, go to thrusters. Set a heading to latitude fifteen degrees north. Deflector? Drop to two thousand metres. Track starboard, eighty two mark zero. Ten degrees port. Slow to thirty kph. I'm transferring the target point to the deflector array. Begin. (The ship shakes.) Bridge to Engineering. Report. Go ahead. Doctor. Go ahead. All right. Take us to full impulse. Get us out of here. Now, Mister Mayweather. (As the Sphere implodes, an energy beam streaks to another Sphere, destroying it as well and causing it to send out another beam. The aliens jerk upright in pain and vanish. Ships systems are restored.) The network is being destroyed. Acting Captain's starlog, February 14th, 2152. We're holding position at the coordinates where we were told to meet Degra's vessel. So far there's been no word from them. [Command centre] (T'Pol looks at the main display monitor.) Long range sensors are detecting no evidence of the Spheres. None. And all the spatial anomalies within our scanning range have vanished. I can only detect a small section from our location, but it appears to be dissipating. It would appear that the Expanse is returning to normal space. Be patient. (She puts her hand on his shoulder and he sees the back of her hand.) Doctor Phlox says we should all be back to normal within two to three days. I'm not old. I will only be sixty six years old on my next birthday. You accused me of looking old. To Vulcans, certain information is considered intimate. Go ahead. This is Enterprise. Please repeat. Set an intercept course. [Airlock] (Degra's ship is docked with Enterprise.) Done? Come in. (to crewman) Thank you. I was pleased to hear that the Council has agreed to reconvene, And the Reptilians? Thank you. [Sickbay] Is something wrong? There are no windows here. How would they know we're inside the Aquatic vessel? It will only be a few more hours. (rolling up her sleeve) My skin hasn't fully healed yet. I guess we're not so tough after all. Is there anything I'll need to treat this? It isn't easy for a crew to lose it's Captain. Will he be all right? (Porthos is lying on his dog cushion looking dejected, with and untouched bowl of food by the side.) Did you hear that? The Doctor say's you'll be fine. It's just a matter of time. (She gently strokes Porthos' head) [Bridge] (The Aquatic ship drops into normal space and tiny Enterprise flies out of its belly.) Distance? Set a course, Ensign. (Hoshi enters.) You should be in your quarters. Open a channel to Starfleet Headquarters. Try another frequency. Contact the Lunar One colony. (to Tucker) Prepare a shuttlepod. I want you and Ensign Mayweather to get down to San Francisco. Find out what's wrong. [Shuttlepod] (They fly in over the Golden Gate Bridge.)
And now, the conclusion. [Station Control Hub] Go ahead. There's too much interference from the core. [Station core] You'll have to get farther away. Captain, the core will decompress. Acknowledged. [Station core] We're ready. Commander, do you have him? [Transporter alcove] (Archer is covered in frost.) First Officer's log, Supplemental. We've evacuated the Away Team and all personnel from the station. The Captain shows no sign of infection. He's recovering in Sickbay. [Sickbay] Doctor Lucas and his team would like to return and begin decontamination procedures. He estimates it will take more than a year. [Klingon Bridge] I wasn't aware the Doctor discharged you. Holding position near the Klingon border. They've altered course. They're heading for a planetary system. [Klingon Bridge] (As Enterprises' torpedoes keep finding their mark.) They're moving into a low orbit. One. Denobulan. (The shuttle is thrown down into the gas giant's atmosphere.) The atmosphere is too dense. He's gone to warp. [Klingon Engineering] (Large scale repairs are underway, so Soong and Malik go on a tour of inspection.) Target the directional array on grid four five nine. How are your parents? You haven't spoken of them recently. In fact, you've said very little since I returned from Vulcan. You also haven't joined us at the Captain's table since we left Earth. You've been avoiding me. I'm still adjusting to it myself. What do you mean? Subspace distortion. Zero point four light years. They might have concealed their engine emissions. A Klingon battle cruiser, point three light years away. They're on an intercept course. He may be leading us into a trap. It is a ship, but it's not the bird-of-prey. Captain Archer to the Bridge. (Tucker heads off to Engineering as T'Pol takes her station and Archer comes in from his ready room.) [Bridge] It's a Klingon vessel. They're on an intercept course. Two minutes. They're targeting our reactor. The shearing force is approaching critical. They can't create a warp field. They're disabled. They've detected us. They're accelerating. Two minutes, but the bird-of-prey will reach the colony in seventy three seconds. They're preparing to fire. Ten seconds. [Klingon Bridge] They've launched the weapon. It will reach the atmosphere in twelve seconds. They're disabled. I'm reading twelve biosigns. (On the Klingon bridge, an injured Malik crawls over dead bodies to the rear console, hauls himself up and reaches for the self-destruct. This is a very familiar scene, but without the Moby Dick dialogue.) [Bridge] Sir. (They watch the bird-of-prey blow itself to smithereens on the viewscreen.) [Corridor] (Soong is back in his handcuffs.)
The Spheres are controlled by a network of artificial intelligence. This section houses the redundant memory core. It should contain a significant amount of information. We need to access the data from this. Meet me in the Command centre in half an hour. I'll assist you. This could be a command subroutine. We'll have to make do without her. We're here to analyse this data, not speculate on Ensign Sato's fate. I'm fond of Hoshi as well, but we can't allow her situation to become a distraction. There's a great deal of data to analyse, but we've made some progress. We know the Spheres are connected by a subspace energy grid, but four of them appear to be integral to that connection. I believe they act as control Spheres, allowing the network to operate in concert. A deflector pulse might disrupt the subspace links. We could tie the impulse reactors directly into the array. The Captain told the aquatics we could disable these Spheres. Really. You've dismissed all of my proposals. Or you might surprise me with an idea of your own. Commander, Trip! Everything that's happened recently has caused me to become slightly emotional. I apologise. I wish I could. It may take some time before I regain my control. It will be difficult to do, especially on my own. This appears to be some kind of interspatial manifold on the surface of Sphere Forty One. We'll keep working. I've heard no complaints, except from Chef of course. You may buy me a drink if you wish. There are some colleagues I'd enjoy seeing again, but I've considered formalising my service with Starfleet. I said I was considering it. Captain, I've located Ensign Sato. She's on board one of the Reptilian vessels. She's somewhere on the first three decks. I can't pinpoint her exact location. Captain, there's a massive anomaly forming near the weapon. Two more. (The bulkheads ripple.) Captain. The power readings from the weapon are increasing. I believe so. We have a plan to disable Sphere Forty One. I'll do my best. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Retellian cargo pilots. The seal is secure. (The hatches are opened and Archer steps through to shake hands. The visitors have flat ends to their noses.) Commander Tucker is resourceful. I'm sure he'll be able to assist you. What about it? I'll show you to the docking port. Dilithium hydroxls. Ionised pyrosulfates. Where were you taking your passenger? Has the accused been informed of the charges? How much do you weigh? Your weight. Height? Does your culture observe any postmortem rituals? They've granted me complete autonomy in these matters. If I had to consult my superiors every time I made a ruling it would defeat my purpose here. We'll convene at eighteen hundred hours.
 (lighting a candle) Come in. Not at all. (He hands over a lidded bowl.) Thank you. I don't usually eat this late. (takes a bite) This doesn't make up for the two sessions you cancelled. Please. (He takes his shirt off and sits down.) T'POL: Your shoes as well. There are many neural nodes in the soles of the feet. Is that a problem? I'll stop at the first sign of discomfort. (Tucker lies down on his stomach.) Long deep breaths. Not to my knowledge. The risk of paralysis is minimal. Breathe. T'Pol. I wasn't asleep. Another species of Xindi? Does it say what they were doing there? We don't know if these Xindi were involved with the ones who attacked Earth.  The ecosystem is prolific. There are several million chromophyllic plant species alone. I'm not detecting any humanoid life, but it'll take several hours to search all the land masses. None within a thirty kilometre radius. [Shuttlepod] There's a break in the canopy. It should be wide enough. Judging by the oxidation, this happened about two weeks ago. It isn't Xindi. At least, not one of the three species we're familiar with. The readings are the same. Lieutenant? (Reed now looks very alien, and sounds it too. At the craft, Archer is changing too, internally as well as externally, and it hurts.) Captain! T'Pol to Enterprise. [Bridge] Send a security team to the surface. We're being altered by some kind of Stay back. (He comes towards her so she shoots him, but then she has to fight a mutated Hoshi. When Reed turns up too, she runs away but trips up and passes out. The changed crew carry her to a clearing where she wakes again.) Captain, untie me. Let me go. (He does, over Hoshi's protests.) Thank you. (Archer sniffs around her neck and makes clicking sounds.) T'POL: We have to get back to Enterprise. Enterprise? May I have that? The device, may I have it? This may help us understand each other. You're going to have to talk. Talk. You need to talk. [Situation room] Yes. It's your ship. You're the Captain. Urquat? Captain, that device. I can use it to call Enterprise. You have a doctor on board. He can prove to you what I'm saying is true. Urquat. You said we need to find Urquat. We should keep searching. (Archer grabs T'Pols arm and pulls her along.) No, thank you. I'm not hungry. (Archer lets a contrite and begging Reed have a share) [Shuttlepod]  It's a shuttlepod from Enterprise. They won't hurt you. Let me talk to them. (Tucker and two EV suited MACO's scan for their missing colleagues.) Captain! Wait! Don't you recognise him? (Archer runs off as the I'm staying with them. Only for a few minutes. There are no cities on this planet. Your home is a planet called Earth. The people there are waiting for you. You're on a mission to save them. Come back to Enterprise. We'll help you find out what happened to your city. Look around. These ruins are ancient. No one has lived here for a very long time. No. I don't know, but if we go to Enterprise we can try to find out. I don't think so. We're not safe here. Come, we must go. Come, we must go. (They head down stairs towards the city. An alien in an EV suit sees them running.) I don't know. (Archer jumps one, grabs his weapon and begins smashing at his helmet with it.) Captain! We have to get to the surface. (He puts the rock down and they leave the alien to discover a tear in his spacesuit.) You said you'd never use the transporter again. Captain, you can't stay here. You'll be safe on Enterprise. [Bridge] (The shuttlepod returns.)
One of the transports leaving the planet just declared an emergency. In a low orbit. six hundred kilometres below us. May I join you? If you wish to be alone. Slowly. The damage was extensive. How is your patient? That's unfortunate. Why not? Did you go? Your children are fortunate to have a father who taught them to embrace other cultures. Are you all right? We're locked onto the co-ordinates. The Xantoras have mobilized their military patrols. They'll detect a shuttle launch.  Captain, there's a small craft closing on the shuttlepod. It's a patrol ship.
I've confirmed that they're human. Their DNA is a perfect match. Our horses perished several miles north of your town from heat exhaustion. Do you have any experience riding these animals? Who?  I'd estimate this vessel has been here for at least two centuries. The Captain said to learn whatever we could. I plan to. [Schoolhouse] (The schoolteacher is tidying up when the door opens) Captain? That's correct. We found these in a data module. Several of them were damaged, but we managed to access some of the logs. Did anyone see you transport? These are volatile and suspicious people. Your disappearance may have consequences. They apparently found the humans suited to survive in this environment. I imagine the Sheriff has a lot of questions. Pleased to meet you. Doctor Phlox reports that his patient is doing much better.
Captain? We have another storm. The discharges are more intense. And stronger. It's pushing the first storm through these mountains at twice the speed it was moving a few minutes ago. Less than ten kilometres from the first storm. {Planet surface] (A driving wind, and thick black storm clouds and twisters coming over the mountains.) That would most likely attract the polaric discharge. You're needed on the Bridge, Ensign. Eleven hundred hours. There's been an emergency. Now, Ensign. [Bridge] The chambers you and Mister Tucker photographed contained sacred relics. What's the problem? Lives are at stake, Ensign. Ensign. Would you like to join me? Why is that? The hostage situation was resolved. They're back on board. Crewman Baird deciphered their language. A simple bimodal syntax. With the universal translator. When the Captain agreed to return the soil and rock samples, and destroy the photographs that were taken, the hostages were released. Captain Archer has asked that you remain off duty for the time being. Crewman Baird has been placed in charge of communications. [Corridor] T'Pol to Captain Archer. Have the security details reported back? We've covered the forward section of C deck. She's not here. Yes, sir. (Hoshi runs out through the open door after them.) [Sickbay] Quite aware. Ensign Sato wasn't imagining it. Her molecules are coming apart. [Transporter alcove] The resequencing would start to dissipate. Within hours, she'll lose molecular cohesion. Yes, Captain? Right away. The plasma circuit's being interrupted. I'll ask Commander Tucker to take a look at it. Dots? It's changed. This plasma circuit is self-contained. No one outside of this room could be using it to send a message. It's been a very difficult day. Perhaps you should try to get some rest.
How long until we have warp drive. [Bridge] I'm on my way to the Bridge.  Is it contagious?  Perhaps you can increase the dosage.  There must be something else you can try.  I can't stay here several hours.  I told you to leave them alone.  I wasn't aware a curtain was installed.  An odd attitude for a physician.  If you wouldn't mind. (She pulls up her vest, and he returns the  favour without actually looking at her.) [Bridge]   You're making it difficult to meditate.  I can't concentrate under these conditions.  The Captain's been abducted, he may even be  dead. My place is on the Bridge.  (She exits via the locker room, but Phlox gets to the main exit before  her and locks it.)  Open it.  I'll go to my quarters. If I seal off the ventilation system it  should minimise the risk of exposing anyone.  Unlock this door. I gave you a direct order.  I can have you court-martialed.  Open it! I apologise. I'm having trouble suppressing my  emotions.  You said we'd need another treatment.  Is there any harm in starting now?  Rest is not what I need.  My name is T'Pol. You don't find me attractive?  I am familiar with Denobulan sexuality. I know that your  marriages aren't exclusive.  Starfleet regulations. There's no reason to be restrained by  human morality.  You have no idea what you're denying yourself.  You don't understand. I'm not ill.  They're normal for a Vulcan in my condition.  It's not something we discuss with others.  We call it the pon farr, the cycle of mating.  (shakes head) It's not time.  What caused it doesn't matter. If I don't mate with a male,  Vulcan or otherwise, I'll die. [Planet  surface] (breathing heavily) I'm hungry.  I wasn't referring to food.  There's a far simpler treatment.  You have the cure. It's unethical for you to withhold it,  Doctor.  I'm willing to try.  Don't be frightened. I won't hurt you. (She rubs up against him.)  No more hyposprays. (The comm. chimes)  Is that food? (She snatches a meal.)  (on her knees) Let me out.  The heat. It's unbearable.  I don't want your serum. Open the door.  Open it!  Stay away from me.  Malcolm. I need your assistance.  I can't return to the doctor. He's refusing to treat me. How  long has it been?  Since you've mated. I've seen the way you look at me on the  Bridge.  My quarters would be more comfortable. (She reaches for the  helmet lock and he pushes her away.)  Did I do anything inappropriate?  Did we?  I'd appreciate it if you didn't mention this to anyone. 
The Ambassador requested the temperature be increased. I beg your pardon? The Ambassador wants to speak with you. I'm detecting significant quantities of duranium alloy. This was most likely an Andorian combat vessel. Why would the Tellarites agree to let Earth mediate your dispute if they were planning this strike? The memory core was damaged, but I was able to reconstruct the last few seconds of sensor data. (They go over to the main monitor to view the fuzzy images.) T'Pol to Captain Archer. There's a ship on an intercept course. It's Andorian. [Bridge] There's a fluctuation in their power grid. We retrieved this from your ship's data recorder. This is the power signature of the vessel that destroyed the Kumari. This signature belongs to the Andorian ship that attacked Enterprise. Examine the data yourself. Commander, perhaps Something wrong with your meal? Commander Tucker believes it's safe to maintain this warp factor. Although our relations have improved recently, it's clear the Andorians don't trust us. The same has been said about humans and Vulcans. It was a personal message. It was from Koss. Our marriage has been officially dissolved. You have nothing to apologise for. Their primary systems are offline. Biosigns are indeterminate. They appear to be subspace transceivers. Their hull is also lined with multi-spectral emitters. I prefer not to speculate. Uplink your scanner. [Romulan ship] (suddenly the lights come on) They've reinforced their hull plating. [Romulan ship] We can only transport one at a time. One of the MACOs is aboard. (another bang) They've hit our EPS couplings. The primary phase coil is fused. It'll take several hours to repair it. We have to withdraw. They've matched our speed. They're falling behind. I analysed the data Commander Tucker sent back. The ship doesn't appear to be Tellarite or Andorian. There's a remote possibility. Its power matrix utilises boridium cells. We encountered a similar technology more than two years ago. I did say it was a remote possibility. They have been known to act aggressively against species they see as a threat. You believe they fear an alliance? We're still too far away to detect a comm. signal. We've discovered the function of the emitters on their hull. Their disruptor utilises triphasic emitters. They can simulate different kinds of weapons.
I'm sorry to interrupt, Captain, but we've detected an uncharted system along our present course. One of the planets is Minshara-Class. It's uninhabited. There's a chain of volcanoes that spans an entire hemisphere. Bridge to Sickbay. We need medical assistance. I'm not reading any biosigns. (The image solidifies.) Captain, it's lodged near Impulse Reactor Two. An explosion anywhere near there could disable Enterprise. They were designed to penetrate Suliban cloaking devices. I'll try shifting the phase variance. [Airlock] (Suited up and ready for EVA) I'm detecting something in the gamma spectrum, phase variant point zero zero seven five. (A large number of mines appear on the viewscreen.) [Hull] No. It's reflecting our scans. Perhaps the mines use a more primitive cloaking system. The translator's not locking on. Not yet. And their next message? Romulan. It's pronounced Romulan. [Hull] They're rumoured to be an aggressive, territorial species but the Vulcan High Command has never made direct contact with them. Ensign Sato's translation says that [Hull] They're demanding that we withdraw from this system immediately. She believes she'll have a reply prepared within the hour. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're clear of the minefield. Understood. We were unable to translate your language until a short time ago. We're trying to defuse a weapon lodged on our hull. They're demanding that we jettison the section of hull plating and leave. I'm sure you did everything you could, Captain. Captain, I assume there's no point in my questioning your plan. [Situation room] Bridge to Captain Archer. [Hull] We're ready. Hail them. Polarise the hull plating. Enterprise to Captain Archer. Captain, respond. (Silence.) Open the doors to Launch bay two. Bridge to Doctor Phlox. Meet us outside Launch bay two. Go to warp, Ensign. [Launch bay two] (Lying on the closed launch doors, helmets off.)
Plomeek broth is a traditional morning meal on Vulcan. I sampled human food on several occasions. It didn't agree with me. I prefer to eat the foods I'm accustomed to. It's difficult enough having to smell all this. Eating it is out Commander, I think I've found the problem. [Bridge, rear] Something's distorting our wake pattern. Hull plating. Stand by to ignite a charge at eighty metres due aft. They must be using some sort of stealth technology. Their warp reactor is offline. I'll be briefing you on their propulsion systems. They claim to have the ability to synthesize protein and carbohydrates, but there's no telling what it may taste like. Try to be diplomatic. Commander Tucker's calling again, sir. He's rather anxious. Mister Tucker again, sir. Stand by. Are the injector cells aligned with the primary coil? Have you tested the ion matrix, Commander? The ion matrix, Commander. [Alien Engineering] I for one won't miss the malfunctions their proximity was causing. Three days. You were only there for three days and you couldn't restrain yourself. I imagine that's a question of how you would define gentleman. This engineer wanted you to see her planet? Perhaps the next step would have been to meet her holographic parents. If I'm not mistaken, on some planets that's a precursor to marriage. One of the first things a diplomat learns is not to stick his fingers where they don't belong. Yes, sir. We've altered our course to match. We don't, but we've compensated to detect their stealth telemetry. We should be able to locate them. Yes. I thought you provided all the services they required. Perhaps a little lunch might help. I hear Chef has prepared Rigelian sausage. (Tucker groans) Being vegetarian I can't speak from experience, but I'm told it's quite succulent. Coordinates oh seven eight mark six, three million kilometres. Change our heading to intercept. Bridge to Archer. We may have found the Xyrillian ship, sir. [Captain's mess] We're approaching the coordinates. I've analysed the stealth telemetry, I believe it's them. They're correct, Lieutenant. That's a Klingon battle cruiser. It appears your repairs didn't last very long. If I'm correct, they're hiding in the Klingon's plasma wake. They're not. If they wanted to destroy Enterprise they would have done it. Less than one month ago, Captain Archer stood in the High Council Chamber in Kronos. The Chancellor himself called him a man of honour, a brother. Enterprise is the ship that found Klaang and returned him to the Empire. Without Klaang, your houses would be at war with each other. Jonathan Archer is the man who carried out that rescue. You are in his debt. You would be demonstrating both honour and wisdom to grant his request. Klingons are known to exaggerate. I saw nothing wrong with doing the same. I've run a check through the Starfleet database. You might be pleased to know that this is the first recorded incident of a human male becoming pregnant.
(remembering the insane Vulcans) This is going to happen to me. It's already started. I can feel my control slipping away!ARCHER Ensign, get us out of here. What about Cargo Bay two? Weapons? Commander. How long? Impulse? Make it a priority. I'd like you to begin repairs on E deck. There are engineering components in Cargo Bay two. They're crucial to Commander Tucker's repairs. Aft torpedoes. The viewscreen? Biosigns? Bring it in. [Launch bay] (Two armed MACOs, Reed and T'Pol go to see what is in the little vessel. Reed scans for a hatch control.) Damage report. (hands over a PADD) We'll have impulse power in six hours. (Archer stares at two bodies on the floor, covered by Its configuration suggests it's aquatic. Do you have any idea why they released you? I'm fine. I should help Lieutenant Reed with his repairs. (Her journey through the corridors however, has a sound and vision distorted, horror film quality to it. She gets to her quarters and bathes her face.) [Situation room] The diamagnetic field should shield us from long range scans. Our sensors are still offline. Bridge to Captain Archer. There's an unidentified vessel approaching. They're asking for our assistance. Just that they've taken heavy damage. Twelve minutes. I'm detecting numerous spatial anomalies in the area. I believe so. I discovered a set of coordinates embedded in the document. There was another embedded number. A stardate, three days from now. Four light years. We'll need at least warp three to make it in time. It's unlikely that Degra will wait beyond three days. [Archer's quarters] Perhaps we should reconsider negotiation. Can I have a word with you? We are no different than the marauders who attacked us when we entered the Expanse. By stealing their warp coil we could be condemning them to death. You're forgetting that we're in a dangerous region of space. Our assault could cripple their ability to defend themselves. And what if something goes wrong? We can't save humanity without holding on to what makes us human. Those were your words to me. Once you rationalise the first mis-step, it's easy to fall into a pattern of behaviour. I can't justify this course of action. I won't let you do it! (She smashesher PADD against the edge of his deck.) I apologise. It's been a difficult few days. I haven't had the time to meditate. I didn't mean what I said. Understood. [Sickbay] Doctor. Three months. When I was exposed to trellium aboard the Seleya, it affected me in a way that I wasn't prepared for. The initial effects were overwhelming, but as they began to wear off I discovered I was able to access certain emotions. I wanted more. I began to experiment by ingesting small amounts of trellium. I devised a way to inject it into my bloodstream. I thought, in small amounts, it would be safe. At first, I was able to control the new emotions. My interactions with the crew improved. Two days ago. The damage to E deck made it impossible to access the cargo bay. I began experiencing agitation, anxiety, withdrawal symptoms. I was able to retrieve the trellium. I was almost killed in the process. I understand. Go ahead. I'm on my way. The Captain needs me. I have to go. Are you going to discuss this with the Captain? Good luck. Stand by weapons. [Illyrian Engineering] Target their propulsion systems. Fire. Bridge to transporter. Energise. [Illyrian Engineering] (The boarding party appear and there's a gun fight between the MACOs and the Illyrians whilst the two ships tussle it out as well.) We can't leave them defenceless. The Captain's orders. [Illyrian warp assembly] Evasive manoeuvres. T'Pol to the Captain. [Illyrian Engineering] We're taking heavy damage. Go ahead. Lieutenant. Adjust phase cannons to a narrow confinement beam. Target this power juncture. Fire! [Illyrian warp assembly] (The ship is plunged into darkness, and the forcefield goes out.) Commander Tucker's aboard. We have it. [Illyrian Engineering] I'm not sure why I asked you to come see me. Perhaps. I thought that without the trellium I would no longer have difficulty suppressing my emotions, but that's not true. And if they're not? I'm not certain I'll be able to. I'm Vulcans don't experience fear.
Yes? It's all right. Is something wrong? Where? Are you certain it's him? Captain. No, thank you. Admiral Forrest will be calling you this afternoon, sir. I was contacted by the Vulcan High Command last night. They've requested my services regarding a matter of security. He should be contacting you this afternoon. The Admiral will inform you that Enterprise will be asked to alter course to the Pernaia system, where I will need a shuttlepod and a pilot for three to five days. A Vulcan ship will rendezvous with the shuttlepod when my mission is completed. Admiral Forrest will be contacting you this afternoon. Cold-weather gear, restraints and phase pistols. [Archer's quarters] (Archer is in bed, bouncing a ball against the bulkhead when the door bell chimes.) Your orders to bring me to Pernaia came from Starfleet, not the High Command. I have a personal matter I'd like to discuss. (She deliberately moves to block his view of the game on his desk monitor. He switches it I completed my training seventeen years ago. Are you familiar with a planet called Agaron? Not always. Agaron was a very corrupt world. When their leaders were first trying to forge an alliance with Vulcan they asked for our assistance. That was nearly thirty years ago. Hundreds of our agents were surgically altered and sent to infiltrate the most criminal factions of Agaron society. Eventually, they were instrumental in the overthrow of those factions. I'm not that old, Captain. After the alliance was formalised, the Vulcan agents were recalled. They all returned voluntarily, all but nineteen. The Ministry of Security sent a team of newly-trained operatives to retrieve them. I was only able to apprehend five of the six fugitives assigned to me. The Ministry considers it a matter of honour. I'd like you to come with me. The man I'm being sent to apprehend is extremely dangerous. It would be wise for me to have assistance. I'd prefer it if you'd come with me, Captain. I need to be with someone I can trust. If you don't wish to help me, I understand. Good night. (gets up to leave) Menos. Yes. Before he was sent to Agaron, the dorsal lobes of his ears were surgically altered. The ridge on his forehead was added sometime afterward. He was assigned to infiltrate a cell of smugglers. He learned their craft. He became very proficient at it, amassed a large fortune. Synthetic biotoxins used to manufacture transgenic weapons. I spent three months trying to find him. He used his wealth wisely. Whenever I'd get close, I'd find he'd left a day or two before. Only once, on Risa. They thought they were invulnerable. He. He thought he was invulnerable there, that no one would think to look for him on such a peaceful place. I got very close. Twenty metres, maybe ten. (She has a memory of running through foliage.) I never found him again. No one did. Not until now. (It's snowing when the shuttlepod lands by some buildings on the side of a mountain.) [Tavern] (Many different races have come here to drink, and other things, when the three enter in their thermal gear. T'Pol's scanner is beeping.) He's here. Within thirty metres. He saw me. I'm not certain. (Archer jumps onto a table and whistles to Travis, then ducks as shots are fired towards him. It's Menos trying to make his escape. An alien snarls something at Archer.) Follow me. [Captain's mess] (Trip is watching a water polo match on a monitor when the door bell chimes.) We just need to get him to our ship. The Ministry of Security very clear about that. He works alone. I wouldn't. It may be a weapon. The information that I was given says that you buy high grade biotoxins and sell them to anyone who will meet your price. (pulling a knife) You're a liar. He's not telling the truth. He says he has a ship full of injector casings. (They head outside.) Spent injector casings. I want to speak to Menos alone. Would you allow me to do that? Who is Jossen? Who is Jossen? Tell me who he is. Where did I meet him? You're telling me lies. I followed you to Risa, no one else. I bribed the Tellarite transport captain who brought you there. He told me exactly where to find you. I wasn't looking for anyone else. I killed him. Stop talking. I said, stop talking! There were seven. I was sent to bring back seven fugitives, not six. Menos had a partner, or a friend. I'm not sure. His name was Jossen. I followed them both to Risa, not just Menos. The day I told you I saw Menos and lost him, I saw Jossen as well. They tried to escape. Jossen fell to the ground. He began to reach for his weapon. I had forgotten all of it, until today. Have you heard of the Fullara? It's an obsolete Vulcan ritual where the memory of an event is repressed along with the emotions associated with it. Fullara. When I returned to Vulcan, I was unsettled. I resigned my position with the Ministry and sought guidance at the Sanctuary of P'Jem. For months, one of the Elders worked with me to control the guilt, to restrain the despair of having taken a life, but the feelings remained. I suppose I was never certain what his intentions were. The Elder had no choice but to perform the ritual. When I left the Sanctuary I didn't remember anything about Jossen or the Fullara. When the first call came in about this new mission. Maybe that's why I wanted you with me. What if Jossen wasn't a smuggler? What if he was innocent? Then it wouldn't have mattered whether he intended to use that weapon or not. Menos's ship was filled with injector casings, nothing else. He has a family. Our scans should be able to confirm if he's dying of radiation poisoning. Where's Menos? He's not aboard. He's not here. Why risk using his own vessel? He'd know we'd follow him. Any one of them. When we return to Enterprise I'll inform the Vulcan ship that Menos escaped. If the High Command wishes, they can question as many of the vessels that left here as they can find. He's obviously gone. I may have killed an innocent man seventeen years ago. I don't know. What's the difference? That's impossible. I went to P'Jem. They performed the ritual. Yes. (Archer throws a pistol to Travis who takes a position near the door.) Stop! Captain? Because I trust you. (scanning the canisters revealed by the missing forcefield) Biotoxins. If one of our weapons had struck this. I guess he was.(The shuttlepod returns to Enterprise.) Captain's Starlog, supplemental. The Vulcan ship Nyran was waiting at the prearranged coordinates. After transferring Menos to their custody, we've returned to Enterprise. [Ready room] No, sir. No, it's not. That won't be necessary. I was much younger then. You do have a way of putting questionable actions behind you. If you ever need someone you can trust.
 Previously, on Enterprise. SAMUELS [Starfleet Her medical readings appear normal. How did you obtain our genetic material? The child is a binary clone. Human and Vulcan genes produced this child, which indicates our two species have more similarities than differences. She's not a threat. Neither of our species is what it was a million years ago, nor what it'll become in the future. Life is change. I won't let you hurt her. What does that mean? [Bridge] Hello. I'm your mother. You're going to need a name. We should discuss that with your father. (She scans the child again.) [Shuttlepod] In private. You and I both know that's not true. My daughter's ill. You will arrange for medical care at once. You will provide immediate transport for my child, Commander Tucker, and myself. The hospital at Utopia Colony will be suitable until Enterprise arrives. This. (She grasps his twitching hand.) Taggart's Syndrome. Since you obviously didn't die by age twenty, you're receiving treatment. Rigelian gene therapy? The very thing you're warning humans to avoid is what's keeping you alive. Alien knowledge, freely shared. You're not only a terrorist, you're a hypocrite. Colonel Green also said, to be human is to be pure. Under his rule, you would have been euthanised for having a genetic disorder. You're not significant! Elevated white-blood cell count, low-grade fever. She's dying. Captain's Starlog January 22, 2155. Enterprise is returning to Earth. Paxton is in custody, but the consequences of his actions continue to affect us all. [Sickbay] (T'Pol hangs an IDIC on the incubator.) Elizabeth. Her name is Elizabeth. [Launch bay] Come in. She was important.
That will stabilise the warp field? If we can maintain high warp for extended periods, we can cover the Expanse more quickly. To the left. Lie on your back. (She kneels by his head.) Advanced neuro-pressure can place great demands on the body. We haven't gotten to the more challenging postures. (She leans over him to press his ribcage.) Breathe. [Engineering] The warp field is fluctuating.  Field fluctuations have dropped to zero. Something's flooding the intake manifolds.  The flare is causing a system-wide overload. (There are flames next to her station too.) (In Engineering, Tucker manually shuts the engines down, but something explodes, throwing him from the top of the engines to the floor where he hits his head hard. Enterprise falls out of warp in a purple fog.) Some kind of polaric field, approximately eleven thousand kilometres in diameter. Composition unknown. I'll need more time to complete a detailed scan. It's a logical conclusion. When we entered the field nucleonic particles flooded the manifolds, causing the injector flare. If Commander Tucker hadn't shut down the reactor, we could have had a breach. We're still running diagnostics. The damage is significant. It could take weeks. Commander Tucker's going to have his hands full. We sent out an EV team. They retrieved a sample of the substance accumulating on the hull. Multiple hits with a plasma rifle were required to dislodge it. It's composed of highly charged particles, mostly ferric ions, but there are several elements that we can't identify. (the sample leaps to Archer's mug and sticks there) And it's highly magnetic. So far, the danger to the ship seems negligible. Understood. Regarding the Lyssarrian procedure Doctor Phlox proposed, may I ask if you've reached a decision? Are you aware that the Lyssarrian Prime Conclave has banned the creation of simbiots? Simbiots are living, conscious entities. We'll be growing a sentient being for the sole purpose of harvesting tissue. He certainly sounds healthy. In a short time he'll be a lot older. Have you thought of where he's going to live? This looks promising. I'll be reviewing the field coil equations. They need to be finished in time for tomorrow's reactor test. I appreciate the offer, but I'm afraid I have to work late into the evening. Ensign Massaro is running a diagnostic on the plasma assembly. I'd like you to assist her. I simply believe that our attention should be focused on the ship's engines, at least until the current situation is resolved. Go ahead. On my way. [Ready room]  Warp drive should be functional in two weeks. Sir, I I reviewed them thoroughly. A fusion overburn has never been attempted with a shuttlepod engine. I agree. Despite the risks, I believe it's our best option. I already have. Was there something else? I was instructing him in the practice of Vulcan neuro-pressure. How Commander Tucker was hoping to modify them. They were helping him sleep. What do you mean? If you're referring to a romantic relationship, no. I can't answer that. I'm not uncomfortable. Phase cannons are charged and ready. (They fire.) They're still frozen. (Another shot and they open.)  I'm reading zero forward momentum.  We're still not moving.  Their systems are overloading. They won't last a few seconds. We're moving. Point six two kilometres per hour. [Shuttlepod Two] At this speed we'll emerge from the field in six point one hours. Your shift ended ninety minutes ago. You've been working for eighteen straight hours. I haven't commended you on the successful implementation of your plan. You saved the ship. (noticing monitor display) Lyssarrian Desert Larva. Your point? You wish to spend your last hours in Engineering? If you'd like, the A3 injector port needs replacing. May I come in? I just wanted to say how much your absence will affect the crew. How much it will affect me.
Let me go. Let me go! (She tries to strangle Archer.) I'll kill you. You liar! No! Get away from me. (T'Pol screams as she's strapped down.) What's he doing? He's trying to kill me! You killed the others. Murderers! Get away! (She screams until Archer holds her head and she is finally sedated, then she is rolled into the Imaging Chamber.) One Day Earlier [Command Centre] Captain. I would have helped you do that. Not at the moment. Movie night? I recognise the transponder frequency. It's the Seleya. They entered the Expanse nine months ago. The asteroids are moving in a chaotic fashion. Their paths are unpredictable. It may be the result of some spatial anomalies. Approximately two thousand kilometres dead ahead.  Starboard bow, three hundred forty metres. (Archer is doing some very nifty avoiding  manoeuvres.) Twelve hundred kilometres. I could take the helm if you'd like. A great deal. I served on it for over a year. It was my last assignment before joining the consulate on Earth. I was the deputy science officer under Captain Voris. They were attempting to chart the thermobaric perimeter. After several days they reported that they'd become caught in some kind of subspace eddy and were being pulled into the Expanse. It was their final transmission. The Vankaara was sent to find them. You already know what happened to that crew. Directly ahead, two hundred metres. I'm reading multiple biosigns. The starboard docking port is still intact. [Seleya] (They climb into a wreck - spluttering electrics and debris scattered around.) I'm reading biosigns on this deck. I can't isolate them. One biosign. (They open another bulkhead, and get attacked by Vulcan with iron bar. Archer is cut, T'Pol   tries to takes their assailant down with a phaser but has little effect. Archer finally gets him.) I'm fine. (She scans the Vulcan.) T'POL: His synaptic pathways have been severely damaged. Captain! (Two more Vulcans approach.) Seven more, that direction, thirty metres. What are you doing? These are Vulcan officers and we're on a rescue mission. You heard me! No. (They're attacked from behind.) T'POL: That way. If their comm. system's intact we may be able to contact Enterprise from the Bridge. Seven decks above us. Assuming the entire crew is still alive, one hundred and forty seven. The bay's depressurised, probably from an asteroid impact. That'll be difficult. All four bulkheads leading to the airlock have been sealed. It's two decks up. Since we've come aboard, I've been experiencing anxiety. Whatever's happened to this crew may be starting to affect me. I'm not a doctor. I'll do my best. His name is Solin. When I served here he was It's already started. I can feel my control slipping away. It's too late. There's an auxiliary control room on the Engineering deck. I don't need your help. [Seleya compartment] (They come out into an area with fallen girders and spluttering cables.) Thank you. A common misconception. We have emotions. We simply keep them suppressed, under control. Something has obviously caused them to lose that control. There was a time in the past when we were an extremely violent race. We nearly destroyed ourselves. Paranoia and homicidal rage were common. [Seleya crawlway] The transceiver's been damaged. What! There's an auxiliary transmitter. If I can get access to it we may be able to contact Enterprise.  The bulkhead controls were severed on deck nine. I've rerouted them through the auxiliary grid. Mister Reed, are you finished with those actuator circuits? What did you do? These aren't sequenced correctly. You overloaded the locking mechanism! It's pointless. The circuits are damaged! I should have been watching him. You didn't want me to see. Now I know what you were doing in the Command Centre. The Xindi starcharts. You were analysing them behind my back, undermining my work. The warp reactor is unstable as it is. Disrupting main power could shut down the anti-matter containment. You'd cause a reactor breach. You want to kill all of us. (pulls out her phase pistol) You don't trust Vulcans. You never have. Don't think I've forgotten. You blamed us for holding you back, for undermining your father's work. Now you've decided to take revenge. (Archer and Reed step forward) I'll fire! You're lying. You want to kill them. He's lying. He wants them all to die. They won't let you destroy this ship. No! Murderer! No, no, no. (Archer manhandles her along.) Get away from me. Touch me and I'll kill you. (She lunges for him so he stuns her and carries her across the girder in a fireman's lift, as the others ward off the Vulcans,) The Seleya? Was Commander Tucker successful? It's essential you protect this ship. Leave me on the next habitable planet. You can't allow your concern for a single crewman to affect your mission. This Expanse destroyed everyone aboard the Seleya. Don't let it happen to Enterprise. Perhaps we should watch, and find out. Then use logic more quietly.
I'd like to speak with them. May we attend the hearing? Will they be given legal representation? We'll need the coordinates. Thank you, Colonel. What are you suggesting we do, mount a rescue? It would be a mistake to provoke the Tandarans any further. The hearing's in three days. That's unlikely. If you want to explore alien cultures you'll need to learn to respect their laws. If Captain Archer were here, I'm sure he'd agree. If you'd like, I'll contact the Vulcan High Command. They might be willing to send an arbitrator. Electric chair? Set a course for Tandar Prime. [Common area] (It's a bright sunny day, and the children are painting murals on the wall. Archer spots Danik playing a game with two other Suliban.) Why? Proceed. [Compound corridor] Are you all right? We're picking up [Bridge] Suliban bio-signs. In orbit. It won't be long before we're detected. Captain? I'm not familiar with that planet. I thought you decided not to interfere with other cultures. [Cell] Yes, Captain. [Cell] This appears to be a pulse cannon. Bridge to Sickbay. [Sickbay] What's your status? It's almost time. (walking forward onto Bridge proper) Put him through. Go ahead, Captain. Where's Captain Archer? [Grat's office] We didn't come here to fight. We came to talk with you. Do you eat meat, Colonel? Our chef is preparing a meal in your honour, and I was curious whether you're vegetarian. I was hoping you'd join me for dinner. It would give us an opportunity to get acquainted. I can't believe you're really going to destroy our vessel over a trivial incident like this. I can tell you're an enlightened man. All I'm asking for is a chance to show you that we're enlightened as well. We're transmitting a copy of Earth's historical database along with the Starfleet charter, and a record of all human contacts with alien species. If you have any doubts about our intentions this material should lay them to rest. Send him the Vulcan database as well. I think you'll find that my people have a great deal in common with you, too. What about dinner? Should I set a Mister Tucker. [Transporter alcove] Get us out of here. [Cell] (Travis is eating his porridge when there's a knock on the door. He opens it to see a Suliban.) Go ahead. We're two hundred thousand kilometres away. We'll do our best. (In the central area, Klev and his men are checking that everyone is present. Enterprise approaches the planet.) Polarise the hull plating. Stand by weapons. (The little patrol Take us down. (Enterprise descends through a cloud layer.) T'POL: Did they follow us? You're clear to launch, Commander. [Shuttlepod] He's approaching the compound. Two minutes. Go ahead, Captain. They won't pose a threat. Their vessels are breaking orbit. I'll let him know.
None that I can detect. There's no atmosphere aboard. It's a computer interface. The DNA is identical to the bodies we found. They would appear to be the crew's offspring. Thirty one eggs are still viable. I'm not certain there is one. Their command functions appear to be distributed through various (Archer gets splattered by a dangling We should get you to Sickbay. [Sickbay] (Archer has a bright rash where the egg squirted him.) We've located their Armoury. We found several particle weapons and torpedo casings. Ensign Sato's translating it. We'll be ready to leave orbit as soon as the Xindi shuttle's aboard. [Shuttlepod] (Towing the Xindi shuttle, which is about the same size.) Most of the crew appear to have died when they transferred their life-support to the hatchery. What about Azati Prime? We can bring the eggs aboard, reconfigure one of the cargo bays. Is there a problem, Corporal? Why are you guarding this chamber? Lieutenant Reed's report. You requested a tactical analysis of the Insectoid ship. There are two MACOs posted outside. Aside from microbes, we found no evidence of life on this planet. Their iconography is different from the other Xindi species. It's taking some time. Do you plan to hold a funeral? Sir? Our reserves are at less than sixty percent. Did you inform the Captain? Delay the transfer for now. I'll speak with him. [Hatchery] (Archer's still trying to repair a console, and Hayes is standing guard) No. Initialising their reactor will deplete our reserves by over one third. We don't know for certain if the weapon is in that system. Billions of lives are at risk on Earth if our mission fails. Commander Tucker and Lieutenant Reed also believe that this would compromise our mission. I'm sorry, Captain. I can't obey that order. Perhaps we should contact Starfleet, and discuss this with Admiral Forrest. What's our status? Our antimatter supply will be depleted by then. The Captain's behaviour is becoming increasingly illogical, even for a human. He's preoccupied with the hatchery, he's displaying signs of paranoia. You can't allow him to use our antimatter. You have to speak with Phlox. Ask him to run a full exam on the Captain. If the Doctor can find something wrong, we may have medical grounds to relieve him of command. How long before the reactor's brought online? You have to delay it until we can verify the Captain's mental state. You can't allow your personal feelings for the Captain to affect your decision. We both know he's endangering this ship and our mission. [Bridge] Is he still on the surface? Retrieving him and the antimatter should be the priority. We'll need more people. Who's on duty in the Armoury? We don't want anyone injured. Put down your weapons. Belay that. Put him through. Go ahead. The Bridge is secure. [Hatchery] Including our mission. I want you and your men to return to duty.
We should run a complete diagnostic. Start with the sensor array. The first step to getting back is ascertaining how we got here. As soon as the diagnostic is complete, run a scan for any anomalies in the area. For the moment, we can't rule out any possibilities. (As a crewwoman walks along a corridor, a Suliban appears, crawling along the ceiling. It's Silik. He drops to the floor when the coast is clear and walks away.) [Nazi Weapons Facility] (Two of the aliens are discussing recent events, while watching scientists through a window.) Come in. Your reaction was understandable. None of us were. I was also looking forward to going home. I thought perhaps I would return to Vulcan. It's been some time since I was there. I think he'd be hard-pressed to find any positive aspects. But he would try, nevertheless. (door chime) Come in. Do you have any theories as to what caused this? Will he survive? He very well could be responsible for our being here. He could also be the only hope of getting back to our own time. It is imperative that I speak with him. [Alicia's apartment] (Outside, men are being rounded up, and those who resist are being shot. Three men enter the apartment building. There's a knock on Alicia's door, and she answers it with a gun in her hand. It's the three men.) For what purpose? Daniels. The events of this period don't correspond with recorded history. Germany has launched a successful invasion of the United States. How do we return to our century? Stop who? Daniels. Stop who? [Nazi Weapons Facility] (The two aliens walk down a corridor and into a laboratory.) Hail them. Phase-cannons. (As the pod heads for Earth, four shots lance out, and one appears to hit it.) [Street - steps to closed subway] Before he lost consciousness, Daniels told me there was someone we had to stop. Can you get a fix on the shuttlepod? That will have to suffice. T'Pol. What's the shuttlepod's condition? [Crashed shuttlepod] Commander. [Crashed shuttlepod] We will. One problem at a time. [Street] The explosion may have disrupted their comm. signal. Let's hear it. Captain? [Alleyway] Your transmission is very weak. Do you read me? (Vosk arrives.) Several vehicles converged on the area moments before the shuttlepod exploded.
T'Pol to Captain Archer. The warp matrix has been compromised by a Klingon subroutine. And now, the conclusion. [Brig] I'm reading a fluctuation in the warp field. I'm rerouting power now, Captain. Stand by. [Bridge] T'Pol to the Bridge. It's not working. The field is still fluctuating. [Launch bay] Fifteen twenty seven. Eighty seven millicochranes. Speak with the Klingons. What are you doing? That's not possible. Commander! Engineering to the Bridge. The subroutines have been purged. I'll walk with you. [Corridor] Are you enjoying your time aboard Columbia? You haven't been experiencing any problems? Adjusting to new food, new routines, trouble sleeping. Fine. Quite. [Laboratory] Open a channel to Columbia. Intercept course. Columbia? Target their disruptors! [Laboratory] (The room rocks to weapons fire.) T'Pol to Captain Archer. [Laboratory] Captain, respond! To say the least. [Laboratory] (Archer is writhing in pain.) Understood. [Bridge] How much hull plating do we have left? Mister Mayweather, put us directly between that cruiser and the colony. You may want to divert all available power to our dorsal plating. Stay with them. Keep firing. Captain Hernandez, please direct your weapons at the battle cruiser. [Colombia Bridge] How are you feeling? (Archer has slight cranial ridges.) Shouldn't you be joining her? Indeed. Our new Chief Engineer will no doubt be delighted for the help.
Twenty seven. I've already given the order. Considering the alternative was to set the ship adrift, I anticipated your decision. Where do you plan to take them? Empires tend to expand. They may eventually discover they haven't travelled far enough. It's a D5 battle cruiser. I doubt it's bringing supplies. Their maximum speed is warp six. Nothing unusual. Methane ice, isolytic plasma. Diamagnetic dust. The Klingon ship will be here in less than eleven minutes. They're pursuing. Ten thousand metres. (A bang and a shower of  The Vulcan High Command will continue to lobby for the Captain's release. The Klingons have only allowed us to remain here during the trial. We're to leave immediately. We don't have a choice. It's quite inhospitable. We're deep inside Klingon territory. A rescue attempt is out of the question. The Captain isn't. He made it clear he didn't want us to endanger the crew on his behalf. I'm saying a rescue isn't an option, but there are diplomatic channels. Not all of them. I've dealt with several Klingon bureaucrats in the past. Some of them can be persuaded. Mister Mayweather, take us out of orbit. [Rura Pente] (Down inside the ice and snow covered planet, prisoners wearing ragged furs against the cold mine dilithium by hand.)
I'm sure history will reflect our contribution. You've set a formidable goal. The drafting of a charter in six weeks? Commander Tucker does have a point. Enterprise laid the foundation for this event. Perhaps it should be you they're photographing. Excuse me? Her name was Susan Khouri. She was a medical technician. She'd been having some emotional trouble. Took a leave from work over a year ago. Come in. It's difficult to talk about something that doesn't make sense. Neither do I. I've never been pregnant, Trip. I can't. Do you believe me? Trip, the moment Phlox said that the child was ours, I knew it was true. I haven't. I can't explain how it exists, but I know it does. There's a child out there, and it's ours. I'm Vulcan. [Conference room] (It's too big to be the Captain's mess, and there are flags in the corner now.) The case file contains very little else in the way of evidence. Some biographical data on Khouri. Most of it's out of date. The nearest one is Orpheus, on the moon. I'd like to volunteer as well. We still have twenty minutes before we have to report to the foreman. The map is correct. We could ask for directions. What? Any particular reason? Trip. I know you're not convinced I've told you the truth, about the child. You think I might have gotten pregnant without your knowledge. I know. No. Have you? I believe so. I've learned something. (Trip shushes her.) A doctor from one of the medical facilities was found dead yesterday. They think it was a cave-in. He worked at the same clinic as Susan Khouri. I think so. Inside the system?
The probe's entered the outer atmosphere. (The viewscreen is fuzzy orange.) Intense magnetic fields often create unique waveforms. Other than keeping Ensign Mayweather up at night, I'm not sure what we expect to accomplish here. There are four gas giants in your own solar system. I'm reading an anomalous power signature in the lower atmosphere, and several biosigns. I thought you were acquainted with the environmental suit. I requested you for your skills as a translator, but if you're uncomfortable. Gravity's pulling it deeper into the atmosphere. At their current altitude the pressure is fifteen thousand gsc. For the moment. But at the rate that vessel is sinking, we'll have an hour at most. I'm merely stating facts. We've entered an eddy of liquid helium. We're clear. One hundred metres. Fifty metres. Forty. Twenty metres. Ten. Engaging docking interface. [Alien ship] Nitrogen-oxygen atmosphere. Carbon dioxide levels are high, but nothing's toxic. It's breathable. There are many classes of ships. I'm not familiar with all of them. I'm reading three biosigns. That way. All very weak. They're still alive. We should leave before they regain consciousness. They don't want our help. They're Klingons. To die at their post assures them a path to the afterlife. If we rescue them, they'd be dishonoured. Your compassion is admirable but misguided. If they awake and find us on their ship, they'll kill us. (In the Klingon galley, there are carcasses hanging from butcher's hooks, some green stuff in bowls. A woman walks out of a storage area,) [Klingon bridge] Three on the bridge, but I'm detecting at least nine more biosigns on board. I'm detecting residual amounts of an carbon dioxide based neurotoxin, but it seems to have dissipated. There's not enough to affect us. Yes, Captain. I don't believe there's anything we can do in twenty minutes. I suggest we leave now. Captain? T'Pol to Enterprise. [Klingon corridor] (The Klingon woman moves towards the voices.) Or we've dropped out of comm. range. It doesn't make sense to place ourselves at risk when they'd rather die. I doubt you'll find one. Klingons don't call for help. And if they wake up on the trip back to Enterprise? (The sound of a bulkhead closing. Reed pulls his pistol and goes to investigate. The woman jumps him and escapes.) [Klingon Corridor] It's our shuttlepod taking off. [Bridge] It's irrelevant, Lieutenant. Klingons don't use escape pods. It would be considered an act of cowardice to abandon ship. I doubt their comm. will penetrate the EM field any better than our own. If we can access their helm controls we might be able to put this vessel into a stable orbit. We have no other choice. (The hull groans under the pressure.) Start translating those consoles. Look for anything marked propulsion, helm, navigation. You're certain? (another screen) What about this one? Or hull? Then we'd better hurry. This appears to be the helm station. We've been attempting to restart their engines, but they appear to be offline. You're dehydrated. You need some water. You shouldn't go alone. They are worms. (Hoshi stirs the ladle in a pot and pulls up an animal skull.) HOSHI: Ugh! (They hear movement from behind a door, and ready their phase pistols. T'Pol opens the door to reveal three pigs with lots of spines and attitude, then shuts it again) Targs. Klingons prefer their food freshly slaughtered. Are you all right? (Hoshi sits down, scared and upset.) You're in a dangerous situation in an alien environment. Your anxiety is understandable. You can't deny your nature. Take my hand. My hand. Close your eyes. (She puts three Focus. The waves are subsiding. The water is growing still. You're in control. When we return to the ship, I'll teach you how to do it on your own. Lieutenant Reed, report. [Klingon Engineering] If you're wrong, you could destroy the ship. How do you know you can even access the tactical systems? The shock wave dissipated before it reached us. The ship's hull is under enough pressure already. If you detonate a torpedo too close. She's right. We'll never reach a safe altitude climbing a few hundred metres at a time. We may gain enough altitude, but I doubt we'd make it in one piece. The Klingon crew made most of the necessary repairs before they were overcome, but the port fusion injector is still damaged. T'Pol. Maybe you should run them again, Doctor. I believe I'm developing a slight headache. Thank you, Doctor. It is pleasant. I don't smell anything.
This text book is what you wanted me to see? (reading bookplate) From the library of Admiral Johnny Archer? This class of vessel hasn't been used for a long time. You're V'tosh ka'tur. That's not possible. I am here as an observer. I'm not capable of feeling offence. They've asked for any medical supplies we can spare and a thousand litres of plasma coolant. Tavin has also requested the recipe for Chicken Marsala. I've been busy. That's unlikely. Just because they smile and eat chicken doesn't mean they've learned to master their emotions. They're not the first ones to attempt this, Captain. Others have tried to reintegrate their emotions. They all failed. What they're doing is dangerous. It is. Most of them are asleep. It's quite late. What would you like? Mint tea. Mint tea, hot. (Liquid pours into the mug and she hands it to him.) You can try something else. Their selection of Vulcan beverages is limited. Yes. Unless you need further assistance (T'Pol starts to leave.) I spent two years at the Vulcan consulate on Earth and seven months on Enterprise. You may be right. On occasion, I also drink chamomile tea. You're easily amused. Captain Archer needs a Science Officer. What makes you say that? I have yet to mediate this evening. Perhaps that's what you're sensing. So you've said. You and your colleagues have chosen a reckless path. History's shown that Vulcans who attempt to embrace their emotions often revert to their primal nature. I've already eaten. Another time, perhaps. [Bridge] Several weeks. No. Not necessarily. It is aesthetically pleasing. It's curious that people who reject Surak's teachings would display his likeness. I doubt many would agree with you. What did you do on Vulcan before you left? You gave up a great deal to wander the galaxy in a transport. Not recently. Once. I should take these readings back to Enterprise. That won't be necessary. I believe I can explain my symptoms. Last night I neglected to meditate before I went to sleep. As a result, I awoke feeling agitated. All I need is an injection of inaprovaline. Twenty five milligrams should suffice. I've become acquainted with one of them. He suggested that my dreams might be more interesting if I didn't meditate. He was wrong. They were unsettling. It was a foolish thing to do. There are too many risks. It would be unwise to continue. Thank you, Doctor. [Ready room] Thank you. The lateral sensors were out of alignment. I haven't had a chance to scan the disodium layer. Yes. I'd rather not discuss them. (backing away) I plan to resume meditating tonight. It was a mistake to try in the first place. I'm reading over twenty million cubic metres of disodium as well as traces of ethylchlorate. It involved a memory. I was walking down a street in San Francisco on Earth. I was curious about human recreation. I wanted to see it for myself. It was late. Everyone in the compound had gone to sleep. I didn't see any harm in leaving for a couple of hours. I simply walked. Then I heard music. It was unusual, chaotic, but I was drawn to it. I went into a restaurant where musicians were playing. I sat at a table. I can't remember. I felt invigorated. Briefly. They finished playing and I returned to the compound. Mind meld? How does it work? Proceed. It's not working. (telepathically) Yes. (telepathically) Yes. I don't know. I have to return to the compound. Let me go. No! [T'Pol's quarters] Stop. Stop! This was a mistake. Please go. Leave! TOLARIS: You're feeling anger. Your emotions are breaking the surface. Embrace them! (leaving) What a shame. (After the door closes T'Pol falls to the floor, then crawls to a comm. panel.) T'Pol to Sickbay. [Engineering] Come in. Not at all. Has the Vulcan ship left? Then yes, I'm feeling better. Every night. Is it enjoyable? I envy you. Goodnight. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
We're waiting on new test results. Of course. We're going there now. Their courage isn't at question. Their intelligence is. This isn't a competition. Either a species' intelligence is developed enough for First Contact, or it isn't. This is the measure we have used for ten thousand years. It's not our responsibility to change it. We should leave these creatures to their work undisturbed. This could indicate the virus is sensitive to ionizing radiation. I'll prepare new samples for testing. [Decon chamber] (Hoshi is shouting in her sleep.) Did you know they had this capability? We come here only to study how physical species react to the unknown. You can help by telling us how you detected our presence. That happens in less than two percent of our missions. We'll remember next time. We're here to observe. We can't interfere. Our subjects are human. You're Denobulan. You were inhabited a few hours ago. An intriguing experience. Or what you observed in the Decon Chamber. But we won't. Thank you for your help, Doctor. I've seen seven other species develop the radiation cure. But never in time. Of course not. Expending resources to attempt an impossible task is not a sign of intelligence. The Captain and Science Officer have decisions to make. We need to return to our original hosts. [Situation room] To move them from Decon to Sickbay, we'll need to expand the quarantined area. Environmental systems are isolated. T'Pol here, Captain. (She has her back to the monitor which we can see Archer on.) I have. Yes, Captain. I'll do my best. Captain, if Commander Tucker becomes conscious. T'Pol. Go ahead. Yes. Obviously, the pathogen's behaviour is more unpredictable than we assumed.
Lieutenant? Biosigns? Sensor logs? Set a course for Keto-Enol.  [Prison transport - Bridge] We're on an exploratory mission. We believe our Captain and Chief Engineer were abducted after visiting your planet. We don't know. Let us send you their descriptions. Perhaps you could find out if any of your officers have seen them.  [Prison transport] (Bowls of porridge-like stuff are being handed out to the prisoners.) Where are they? I trust you'll accompany us to ensure there are no further mistakes.  [Prison transport] Your transport vessel? Try hailing them. Increase our speed to warp four point two. Contact them.  [Prison transport] Are your superiors aware that there are two innocent humans aboard? Drop to impulse. Take us into the system. Any human biosigns? Patrol ship? Magnify. Where's it heading? They may have come to rescue Kuroda. How heavily armed is it?
This rendering is crude, yet surprisingly accurate. We're dropping out of warp. The diameter is eighty two point six kilometres. Vulcan and human scientists have researched hundreds of comets. They've proven to be little more than rock and ice. I came for a tea. Caffeine has little effect on Vulcan physiology. Green tea, hot. I'm very tired. No thank you. It's mostly sugar. I'm fine, Commander. Goodnight. It's an extremely rare mineral. This comet appears to contain large quantities of it. Vulcan chemists have only obtained small amounts. They've never been able to study it in detail. Most of the eisilium deposits are at least twenty metres beneath the crust. I'd advise setting down near one of the two poles. If you're out of direct sunlight, the surface ice will be more stable. The starship Ti'Mur. Perhaps they're simply curious. That was nothing more than a survey ship. That seems unlikely. Excuse us, crewman. (The crewman leaves.) No. Your point, Commander? It was a personal matter. That takes time. The letter was important. You read my letter? I have more letters in my quarters. Would you like to read those as well? Yes, Captain. Has anyone else read the letter? I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't mention it. I'm sure he'll appreciate the gesture. Certainly. Vulcans don't drink wine. Two days ago. I haven't slept. No. Thank you, Doctor. [Comet surface] (The snowman has gained a large pair of pointy ears.) On Earth, it's customary to exchange personal information with someone you've just met. I believe this is Captain Vanik's first visit aboard an Earth vessel. Please, sit down. I was given permission from the Captain. They're for meditation. Doctor Phlox believes that it might help if I was to discuss my problem with someone I felt comfortable confiding in. You were far from my first choice, but speaking with someone else would mean more people knowing about my situation. You read the letter. Then you know that unless I leave Enterprise immediately, my wedding plans will be cancelled. Koss. We haven't spoken in many years. Marriages on Vulcan are arranged during childhood. I've only met Koss four times. It's assumed that we'd eventually develop an affection for one another. His parents planned the union. It's their decision. Are you going to give me advice or criticize my people's tradition. The ceremony was supposed to take place next week. When I decided to remain on Enterprise I requested a postponement. Koss's parents were insulted that I would put off our plans to serve on a human vessel. It's customary for a husband and wife to reside together for at least one Vulcan year. He's an architect. It would be illogical for him to live aboard a starship. Your advice, Commander. That is irrelevant. I have an obligation. If you'd spent the last year on Vulcan, you would have learned that our commitment to tradition outweighs personal choice. Vulcan's don't. My obligation is to my culture, my heritage. It has to take precedence. It was a mistake. I apologise. (T'Pol stands. Tucker goes to leave.) That would imply that my subconscious mind controls my decisions. It doesn't. They've fallen another nine metres. Captain, they're moving out of the sunlight. The surface ice is recrystallising. There is another option. Captain Vanik. His ship has a tractor beam that won't be affected by the eisilium. Vanik offered to assist us. There's no shame in accepting. Vanik expects you to refuse his offer. He sees humans as arrogant, prideful. Why not prove him wrong? You can save them, or you can let your pride stand in the way. You're human. You're free to choose. [Shuttlepod] (There's a big jolt.) Captain, with your permission, I'd like to transmit a message to the Ti'Mur, to send to Vulcan. Thank you. (T'Pol leaves.)
A Vulcan science vessel surveyed the seventh planet over fifty years ago. The file states it's an M class world with a flourishing ecosystem. No intelligent life. They did report one distinctive feature which bears mentioning. A species of flying reptile, some reportedly over two hundred metres long. They're also said to breathe fire. There's been lingering questions over the accuracy of this report. I don't recognise the configuration. Is there anything I can do to help? With the engine. I'll take a look at it. Commander, have you been experiencing any unusual daydreams? Accompanied by intense auditory and visual sensations that would involve me. Essentially. Forget I mentioned it. It's not important. No. [Harrad-Sar's ship] (In a room more like something you'd find on a planet than a ship, Harrad is serving food and drinks.) Why would he divulge this information? So he wants Starfleet to construct mining facilities. Are you going to accept his offer? I thought you were here seeking my advice. I've been hearing some concerns from the crew. The Orion women. Their presence is becoming disruptive. It's more than that. Our guests visited the Mess Hall this morning. As a result, twelve crewmen reported late for their shifts. It's primarily their attire. It might also be a good idea if you have a word with them. They're still under the impression they belong to you. Unless a new policy has been instated, I believe Starfleet doesn't condone slavery. Thank you. [Gymnasium] [Travis is already pumping some serious iron when Reed enters.) Bridge to Captain Archer. Bridge to Captain Archer. (He breaks the embrace with great reluctance.) We're coming up on the planet. We're already picking up large deposits of magnesite. It would seem so. Are you feeling all right? A power reading. Not on the surface, in the upper atmosphere. Uncertain. The cloud layer is highly ionised. It's obscuring our scanners. It's an unknown configuration. It's equipped with numerous sensors, most likely a science vessel. Its presence here could simply be a coincidence. A phase cannon hit will destroy them. If we simply withdraw, they'll most likely cease their attack and move off. Captain. (The spell is broken as he realises he nearly let them out) It's better if I stay on the Bridge. You're not immune to these pheromones. Your judgment is impaired. The Captain asked me to offer my assistance. It's likely. The transmissions sent by the Orion females suggest that Harrad-Sar's ship is getting closer. There have been altercations throughout the ship. The Captain's been affected. I'm concerned about him. That might have something to do with me. There's a long-held belief that when a Vulcan mates, there's a shared psychic bond. It's difficult to explain. Feelings, thoughts, even images can be shared. What? I'm immune to the pheromones because of my Vulcan physiology. Apparently. Reducing gravity plating to ninety percent. [Bridge] His grappler's directly above our main deflector reader. We can use it to send a positron burst through the towing cable. If we're lucky, it'll trigger an energy cascade. T'Pol to Engineering. [Engineering] Understood. (The turbolift door opens and the three sisters enter.) Captain. Her presence is affecting your judgment. His engines are down. Weapons as well. It worked. Thank you, Captain. A court-martial would hardly be a fitting ending to this incident. At least we've learned something about the Orions. It proves that even the most disagreeable species have some positive attributes. I assure you, if I ever decide to make a joke, you'll know about it. Proved what? We do seem to work well together. You're returning to Columbia? There are still numerous repairs to be carried out here. Kelby is a fine engineer, but he lacks experience. Say what? I believe I did. I think your presence here would be extremely beneficial to our operations. I don't know what you mean. Wait, Trip. I want you to come back. Trip! (She kisses him, long and hard.) Three days ago? Agreed.
It could be a phantom reading, background radiation. But never in such dense concentration. Even with modified sensors there wouldn't be much to see. Those tests involved very small quantities. This structure is nearly ten million kilometres in diameter. I've brought some sensor enhancements. We'll find them useful in mapping the nebula, if it's there. This is a scientific mission. It's only logical to bring your Science Officer. Commander Tucker obviously didn't remind you that Starfleet regulations prohibit the Captain from leaving the ship unaccompanied. (The shuttlepod launches.) We should reach the edge of the phenomenon in two hours, forty six minutes. I can pass the time by meditating, but if you'd prefer to talk? Would you like to join me? You seem quite unsettled since your call from Admiral Forrest. Commander Tucker was reluctant to discuss it as well, though he did mention an old colleague had died. I'm somewhat familiar with Starfleet history. I've never heard of a Captain Robinson.  You said Captain Robinson was a close friend. From what you've told me, your relationship seemed adversarial. He did have a point. It does take more than piloting ability to command a starship. Fortunately, you seem to have developed the necessary skills. An observation. I assume Captain Robinson's flight was successful?  Particle density is increasing. The readings could be misleading. Optimism doesn't alter the law of physics. What happened? I was referring to Captain Robinson. His test flight.  The fight was interrupted? I suppose we'll never know. Who would have won. (An alarm sounds.) Main power is fluctuating. There was a surge in the EPS grid. It was probably nothing more than a simple malfunction. I'm not detecting any dark matter. Even if you're right, it may be dangerous to proceed. Another surge could disable life support. You obviously admired this man. And yet he cracked your molar. To say the least. I thought you said he was responsible for nearly ending the programme. The history of your early warp flights is well-documented, but I've never read anything about two Starfleet pilots stealing the warp three prototype. I have no doubt it happened, though I find it difficult to believe you had to be convinced to participate. The particle density has nearly doubled. Shall we try again? (two more bangs still only make a little purple glow) Perhaps we should head back. Was your test flight successful?  You obviously weren't dismissed from Starfleet. They must have found your argument convincing. Still, the NX programme continued. The particle density has increased again. It appears so. (the area gradually lights up with ribbons of pinky purple) Fascinating. This data will certainly cause a debate at the Science Directorate. I have to monitor the quantum field. Captain Robinson clearly wanted to command Enterprise as much as you did.  Captain. We should start back if we're going to make our rendezvous. Your charges were effective. I believe there's a human custom that says when you discover something of merit, you earn the right to name it. I was thinking the Robinson nebula would be more appropriate. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Previously on Enterprise. ARCHER [Command Why would someone want to create a web of crippling anomalies? Lieutenant? The coordinates match the location of one of the red giants. I was instructing him in the practice of Vulcan neuro-pressure. What did you want to ask me. She's one of the MACOs. You believe it's causing her headaches? It's possible. Gladly. Yes. If there's nothing else. I think I have the cause. An unusually strong gravimetric disturbance approximately three light years away. It appears to be a convergence of spatial anomalies. An object, approximately five metres in length. It's just a few hundred metres from the edge. I'm reading one biosign. Humanoid. None. The biosigns are very erratic. There are rising levels on ammonium sulphide in the atmosphere. A great deal. The disturbance appears to be expanding at a rate of several kilometres per second, and it's location is exactly equidistant to five of the Spheres. It's possible. This planet was once an inhabited world. It was engulfed some time ago. I couldn't find any signs of life. A possibility. Doctor Phlox has asked me to speak with you. Corporal Cole's been experiencing headaches. The Doctor believes they might be caused by your neuro-pressure sessions. Perhaps she didn't want to worry you. It shouldn't be performed by novices. If misapplied, you could cause nerve damage. Under my supervision. I think it would simply be best if you ended the sessions. These electrodes were collecting biometric data from the occupant. I'm sure she won't. I've noticed that you and Corporal Cole have become somewhat friendly. Last week you were eating together in the mess hall, and in the training session yesterday she touched your behind. You're hard to miss. There's no reason to justify your behaviour. I was simply suggesting you might use some discretion. It's not appropriate for a senior officer to fraternise with a subordinate. We need to get this data to the Captain immediately. [Ready room] There's no mistake. The pod's hull contains the exact combination of alloys we found on the surface of the Spheres. They believed the Spheres were created by divine beings who will one day return to the Chosen Realm. Perhaps Triannon mythology has a basis in fact. It appears the pod was designed to transmit data regarding the alien's physiological status. I believe he was inserted into the disturbance so someone could monitor his exposure to the environment. Corporal. Come in. Please sit down. Remove your jacket. I assume Commander Tucker briefed you on the proper breathing technique. Begin with a deep breath. Good. Doctor Phlox did caution you against any further neuro-pressure from Commander Tucker? You and Commander Tucker appear to enjoy each others company. He didn't mention it. Extremely low. Did you lose any relatives? Commander Tucker was greatly affected by his sister's death. You're quite fond of him. I apologise. I'll try not to press so hard. [Armoury] (There's a device on the wall, a console in a corner, and a mark on the floor. The group are gathered around.) Sit up. I'm not upset. You're mistaken. Unless what? I don't experience jealousy. I am not, in any way, jealous of you and Corporal Cole. I didn't know you were an expert in vocal inflections. You're implying that I'm attracted to you. I think you're mistaken about who's attracted to whom. I don't need to say it. You already have. It wasn't you, it was your clone. Sim told me. He said he had feelings for me. Standing right there. Your voice is tensing up. I don't need to be an expert to read you. You're jealous? Which would mean you're attracted to me. It goes with the assumption. He's disrupting systems as he goes. We can use that to track him. (lights dim) That was the secondary relay coupling. Between the A1 and A3 bulkheads. [Corridor] He's moving in your direction. [Corridor] Magnetic containment is fluctuating. [Engineering] Commander. Eventful. How long before we can get underway? I've been briefed on the situation. I suppose I should thank you. For facilitating my exploration of human sexuality. It's one of the many aspects of your species which I've been meaning to explore since I left the High Command. I wouldn't use that term. Are you getting emotional? I'm sorry if I offended you. Agreed.
We're getting reports of anomalies on all decks. Captain, as you know, Ensign Sato and I have been working to reconstruct our database. Enough to begin piecing together a map of the spatial anomalies. The signal lies just beyond a dense field of them. A field this massive? Seventeen days at warp five. I've charted the largest anomalies, but the field is extremely dense. We may not be able to avoid all of them. Come to bearing two seven five mark eight. Hard to port! Considering I only have thirty percent of our database to work with. There's an anomaly forming directly ahead. It's expanding. I've never seen this before. They're merging, building on one another. It's growing too rapidly. We've been completely enveloped. A tractor beam's locked on to us. We've been pulled out. How did you locate us? And how did the Imperial Guard know Earth had been attacked? Especially if you're monitoring communications between Starfleet and the Vulcan High Command. I resigned my commission. The Andorian shuttle has docked. I recommend we assign a security detail to each repair crew. That doesn't mean we shouldn't exercise caution. I neither like nor dislike Andorians. I've simply had a great deal of experience with them. Not at the moment. We weren't always so antagonistic, Captain. In fact, despite their heightened emotions, our first contact with Andorians seemed promising. They were duplicitous. They only honoured agreements that didn't conflict with their interests. Considering the importance of this mission, I feel compelled to point out that they've proven untrustworthy in the past. Three neuro-pressure sessions a week is hardly avoiding you. The Captain asked for an update on your repairs. How long until we have warp? No. Keep me informed of your progress. [Armoury] Two hundred million kilometres. It's a G-type star system, six planets with over a hundred moons. There's a great deal of debris in the system. I can't tell from this range. Four vessels, all Xindi. [Command centre] Many of the moons show evidence of extensive weapons bombardment. So you believe this is some kind of proving ground. I thought it was four to two. It's emitting high levels of radiation. It has the same quantum signature as the weapon that attacked Earth. Impulse and warp engines are nominal, hull plating's at eighty two percent. Mister Reed reports the anomaly caused more damage that he originally estimated. He isn't certain. Perhaps two days. They've launched the prototype. The output was much greater than the probe that attacked Earth, but still, I don't believe the device reached it's maximum yield. We detected power fluctuations. It appears it was building toward an overload. A spectacular one, but yes. It's still emitting high levels of radiation. Six hours, at least. Our shielding wouldn't be sufficient to protect the crew. Tactical alert. Evasive manoeuvres, Ensign. Hail the Captain. [IW Kumari Bridge] The two reptilian ships are moving towards us. The other vessels are holding position. Acknowledged. Return fire. Target their engines. Pursuit course, Ensign. Continue firing all weapons. [IW Kumari Bridge] (Meanwhile, a tractor beam has grabbed the weapon and hauled it away.) We disabled main power on both reptilian ships. The other vessels aren't pursing us. It's approaching the anomaly field. They have less than thirty seconds. Twenty seconds. Six seconds. It wasn't on one of their normal comm. frequencies. It was encrypted to look like subspace interference. Judging by the clandestine nature of the transmission, I'd guess that whoever sent this didn't want to be discovered.
Many of these moons have atmospheres that contain selenium isotopes. That's most likely what's affecting our sensors. Sixty two. An Arkonian military vessel. No, but I'm aware of their reputation. If we're in their territory, we should proceed with extreme caution. We've searched five of the moons. No sign of Commander Tucker or the Arkonian ship. It appears they've made no progress either. They're continuing to search the moons they agreed to. I'm afraid they don't trust us. Primarily because I'm a Vulcan. We made First Contact nearly a hundred years ago, not long after the Arkonians developed warp drive. But from the beginning, our relations were difficult. Your people accepted Vulcan guidance, opened diplomatic and cultural exchanges. The Arkonians were suspicious and deceitful. Eventually, the High Command withdrew its contingent. It doesn't appear promising. For now. I'd advise you to remain cautious. Arkonians are unpredictable. They're prone to hostility. I'll keep that in mind. Let me know when we reach the next moon. [Alien's campfire] (There's enough light coming over the horizon for Tucker to turn off his torch. The alien is watching as he tries to connect a piece of equipment to an aerial, and gets an electric shock.) See for yourself. (A diagram of the moons orbiting the gas giant, with colours.) It's a thermo-kinetic analysis of e moons. Each of them undergoes extreme temperature variations during their orbits. At night, it can drop to five or even ten degrees below zero. During the day, the temperature can rise to as high as one hundred and seventy degrees. And that we find him before the sun rises. [Trip's campfire] (Tucker is tying Zho'Kaan hand and foot.) The surface temperature is rising quickly, Commander. I estimate it will reach one hundred thirty degrees within the next hour. The encounter was less volatile than I expected. You managed to establish better relations in a single day than the Vulcans have in a century.
Until you've proven you're ready, To look beyond your provincial attitudes and volatile nature. This confirms that I was formally transferred to your command at oh eight hundred hours. Reporting for duty. (The Vulcan woman sniffs.) No, sir. I've been trained to tolerate offensive situations. I'll try to remember that. My reason for being here is not espionage. My superiors simply asked me to assist you. I didn't request this assignment Captain, and you can be certain that when the mission's over I'll be as pleased to leave this ship as you'll be to have me go. (Porthos jumps up at her) If there's nothing else? The coordinates are off by point two degrees. No. Sightseeing was not one of my assignments. All our recreational needs are provided at the Compound. Vulcans don't touch food with their hands. You humans claim to be enlightened, yet you still consume the flesh of animals. You have yet to embrace either patience or logic. You remain impulsive carnivores. It remains to be seen whether humanity will revert to its baser instincts. With proper discipline, anything's possible. [Bridge] You're imagining it. Perhaps you'd like to go to your quarters and lie down? I was instructed to speak English during this voyage, and I'd appreciate it if you'd respect that. We've dropped out of warp, sir. Main power is (Everything switches off.) [Bridge] What? Captain. Captain. There's no way you could have anticipated this. I'm sure Ambassador Soval will understand. The astrometric computer in San Francisco will be far more effective. You've lost the Klingon. Your mission is over. How do you plan to do that? Space is very big, Captain. A shadow on your sensors won't help you find them. This is a foolish mission. Your reaction to this situation is a perfect example of why your species should remain in its own star system. You are going to be contacting Starfleet to advise them of our situation. It's just background noise. Your sensors aren't capable of isolating plasma decay. Vulcan children play with toys that are more sophisticated. Your Captain's mission was to return the Klingon to his people. He no longer has the Klingon. My analysis of the spatial disturbance Mister Reed saw indicates a stealth vessel with a tricyclic plasma drive. Unfortunately, your sensors were not designed to measure plasma decay. They're a somewhat primitive species from Sector three six four one, but they've never posed a threat. Rigel is a planetary system approximately fifteen light years from our present position. According to the navigational logs salvaged from Klaang's ship, Rigel ten was the last place he stopped before crashing on your planet. I wasn't authorised to reveal the details of our findings. Your translators have been programmed for Rigelian. However, you'll encounter numerous other species. Many of them are known to be impatient with newcomers. None of them have seen a human before. You have a tendency to be gregarious. I suggest you try to restrain that tendency. Doctor Phlox isn't concerned with the food and water, but he does caution against intimate contact. It's nothing that concerns us. [deleted scene - Docking Control Centre] T'Pol to Archer. Central Security claims to have no record of Klaang, but they told me about an enclave on level nineteen where Klingons have been known to go. Something about live food. The easternmost subsection, by the geothermal shafts. Don't get involved. They're Lorillians. Before the age of four, they can only breathe methyloxide. The mother is simply weaning her son. Humans can't refrain from drawing conclusions. You should learn to objectify other cultures, so you know when to interfere, and when not to. [deleted scene] No, it's this way! Enterprise needs its Captain! Give me the weapons! Ignore it. Take us up. [Rooftop] Open a channel. Sub-Commander T'Pol to Enterprise. We'll be docking in four minutes. Have Doctor Phlox meet us in decon. The Captain. I'm taking command of Enterprise. [Archer's memory - beach] (The radio controlled model spaceship is now in flight.) Tell Mister Mayweather to prepare to leave orbit. My Vulcan rank supersedes yours. As soon as we're through here, I'll contact Ambassador Soval. He'll speak to your superiors and I'm certain they'll support my authority in this situation. Your precious cargo was stolen. three Suliban, perhaps more, were killed, and Captain Archer has been seriously wounded. It seems to me this mission has put an end to itself. Turn around. I fail to see your point. You obviously share your Captain's belief that my people were responsible for impeding Henry Archer's accomplishments. As your highest ranking officer I assumed command while you were incapacitated. Is he fit to resume command? We're currently tracking the Suliban vessel that left Rigel shortly after you were injured. With Mister Tucker's assistance, I modified the sensors. You now have the resolution to detect their warp trail. It is a foolish mission. The Suliban are clearly a hostile race with technology far superior to yours, but as acting Captain, I was obligated to anticipate your wishes. I should return to the Bridge. Match their speed. Mister Tucker. [deleted scene - Bridge] Would you please give the helmsman permission to go to warp four point five. [deleted scene - Engineering] If you're feeling well enough to come to the Bridge, Captain, now would be a good time. [Bridge] (A large orange planet fills the viewscreen.) It's a gas giant. Class seven. The Suliban vessel dropped to impulse a few hours ago and altered course. Their new heading took them through its outer radiation belt. Yes. Lieutenant, run a spectral analysis of the fragments. Calculate the trajectory of each fragment. Measure the particle density of the thermosphere. They were from fourteen, and all within the last six hours. I believe we have found what we're looking for. Our situation should improve. We're about to break through the cyclohexane layer. Liquid phosphorous. I wouldn't have expected that beneath a layer of cyclohexane. I'm detecting two vessels bearing one one nine mark seven. I suggest we return to the phosphorous layer. Captain. It appears to be an aggregate structure comprised of hundreds of vessels. They're held in place by an interlocking system of magnetic seals. We can't be certain they're Klingon. We should ascend. Captain, That charge contained a proximity sweep. If we remain here, they're going to locate us. There's a Vulcan ship less than two days away. It's illogical to attempt this alone. You'll have other opportunities to demonstrate your independence. You both could be killed. If anything happens to either of you, the Vulcan High Command will hold me responsible. If we change our position, the Captain will have no way of finding us. [Suliban pod] We're going to need that ear of yours. Move us away five kilometres. Any direction. [Suliban Helix] (Klaang is strapped to a chair with wires attached to him.) Another five kilometres, Lieutenant. Amplify it. Coordinates, one fifty eight mark one three. Ahead, fifty kph. (to Hoshi) Shaya tonat. Initiate docking procedures. Our mission is to return the Klingon to his homeworld. Another rescue attempt could jeopardize that mission. As Commanding Officer, it's my job to interpret the Captain's orders. Captain Archer may very well have told you to return for him later because he knew how stubborn you can be. You might've risked Klaang's life in a foolish attempt to swing back and rescue the Captain. The situation must be analysed logically. That is a specious analogy. Stand by impulse engines. Mister Tucker, status. [Transporter alcove] That should suffice. If the Suliban have re-established their defences, we'll have no other option. [Temporal communication chamber] Can we dock, Ensign? Mister Tucker, we're going to plan B. (Archer finally manages to struggle free of Silik's grasp and runs as a weapon is aimed at his I was under the impression that Enterprise would be taking me back to Earth. I understand. I won't dispute that. Perhaps you should add pride to your list. It might be best if I were to contact my superiors and make the request myself. With your permission.
I'd like you to see this. These are the locations where we've encountered spatial anomalies. I analysed the sensor logs from the Xindi database. These are the co-ordinates where that vessel was affected. That's what I thought, until I ran a vector analysis of the gravimetric waves coming from the sphere we discovered. The interference patterns implied another wave source. It appears so. The simulation suggests that the anomalies occur where the waves intersect. If we're going to create an accurate map, we'll need precise measurements of the sphere's gravimetric fields. Less than four light years. Yes, Captain. You assume correctly. Yes, sir. (On his journey, he sees a bulkhead ripple, and in the Armoury the main steps buckle then flip completely over.) [Bridge] We're getting reports of anomalies on all decks. (One goes around the bridge bulkhead, blowing up circuits, before travelling down the forward hull and blasting a hole in it leaving Breaches on decks B, C and E. Emergency bulkheads are in place but three subsections have decompressed. (The Bridge structure ripples again.) If there is another sphere in the region, it's emitting a lot more gravimetric energy than the first one. Approximately seventy five thousand kilometres. Indeed. [Tarquin's study] (Hoshi has changed into a short blue halterneck dress, and is strolling about. Through a metal grill, she sees her host at his desk, holding a bright blue egg-shaped device. He senses her and looks up.) Go ahead. Adjust your heading to oh one six mark two.  I believe you just grazed the perimeter. Turn starboard three point six degrees. [Shuttlepod] (The pod shakes.) Maintain course. You should be heading directly towards the cloaking barrier. We're here, Captain. Everything's going offline. Main and auxiliary power, warp engines, life support. [Tarquin's study] Power's returning to all systems. The data you collected allowed me to create a nearly accurate map of the anomalies. These are the coordinates where we've encountered strong anomalies. Exactly. The locations are being influenced by more than two gravimetric sources. A third sphere would correct some of the error but not all of it, so I had the computer run a covariant extrapolation. We'll need to get farther into the Expanse to be certain, but, at least fifty. (The main display is awash with dots and interconnecting lines.) And each one generating massive amounts of gravimetric energy. Why would someone want to create a web of crippling anomalies? [Hoshi's quarters] (She's finishing reading the book.)
When. Under the circumstances I'll allow myself a small indulgence. I appreciate the sentiment but I'm simply carrying out my assignment. Ten days. I understand. The High Command has requested my evaluation of you. Just a formality. Yes? Vulcans don't take vacations. Is this part of my evaluation? It was a personal matter. You'd like me to tell you a story? I went to Carbon Creek because I wanted to visit the site of First Contact between humans and Vulcans. Actually, it didn't. In fact, the Vulcans visited Earth long before then. My second foremother was one of them. My mother's mother's mother. Would you like to hear the story? [Vulcan ship] (Earth, October 1957 or later- you can tell because Sputnik is in orbit.) They'd gone to Earth to investigate the launch of its first artificial satellite, called Sputnik. [Captain's mess] During their third week of gathering information about humanity their impulse manifold began to malfunction. They had no choice but to attempt an emergency landing. [Vulcan ship] The incident is well-documented at the Science Directorate and the Space Council. Of course. Their subspace transceiver was damaged in the crash. They had no way of knowing if their distress signal had even been transmitted. [Pennsylvania] They'd used up their emergency rations within a week. After five days without food their situation was growing desperate. What are you implying? If you're not interested in hearing the rest (She starts to leave the table.) They realised they couldn't rely on gambling [Pine Tree bar] (T'Mir is sweeping the floor.) So they took whatever employment they could find while they waited for the rescue vessel to arrive. (Stron is doing plumbing, and cheating by using his weapon to solder a leaky U-bend, while Mestral has joined the miners underground.) But as the weeks passed, it seemed less likely that their distress call had been received, and it became more difficult for them to avoid the humans. (Later,  a broadcast of the White Sands test is on the TV screen behind the bar.) After rescuing the twelve miners, Mestral became something of a hero that day. [Captain's mess] I'm sure they did, but no one ever discovered the truth. Three months passed [Vulcan's apartment] And just as they had resigned themselves to the fact that, in all likelihood, they would never leave Earth. (T'Mir is reading, Mestral watching TV, and Stron trying to construct a subspace transceiver out of bearskins and, well, you know, when the communicator in the cupboard starts beeping.) A footnote, at best. Perhaps he wasn't. The rest of his life, presumably. Possibly longer. You asked me to tell you a story. As I said, you asked me to tell you a story. If you check my record, you'll note that I also visited Yellowstone Park and the Carlsbad Caverns. I'm a scientist. That includes geology. Thank you for the meal. Good night.(In her quarters, preparing for her meditation before sleep, T'Pol takes something out of a cupboard. It is the handbag T'Mir was carrying when she took the Velcro pouch to Pittsburgh.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Seventeen percent oxygen, eighty one percent nitrogen. The planet supports a diverse ecology, but there are no signs of humanoid life. Captain. There are a number of protocols you may want to consider. Vulcan ships would begin by sending automated probes down to collect more detailed scans. If the planet proved to be Minshara-class, we would then conduct a geophysical survey from orbit. Six or seven days. This planet has been here a long time. It will still be here in seven days. Did you sterilise the sample containers? You were selected because your specialty is entomology. This planet has a diverse insect population. (She turns away.) The atmosphere contains trace elements of nitrogen dioxide, chloromethane. Occasionally. I've been to thirty six Minshara class planets. This experience is only marginally different. You have your assignments. We'll rendezvous here at nineteen hundred hours, unless the Captain wants us to pose for more pictures. (Cutler examines eel-like fish in a lake. There are two crescent moons in the sky. Ethan picks a yellow flower in an alpine meadow.) Is there a problem, Captain? We were scheduled to rendezvous fifteen minutes ago. [By the stream] We've identified several nocturnal marsupials. I'd like to keep crewmen Cutler and Novakovich with me overnight to study them. This isn't shore leave, this is a research mission. It's highly doubtful that a distress beacon could function continuously for sixty three years. Certainly. (Ethan goes into a tent.) A front is approaching from the south west. [Tent one] (using communicator) T'Pol to Tucker. Is there a problem, Commander? [Tent one] Do you require assistance? Less than half a kilometre from here. [Tent one] Yes, Captain. We've relocated into a cavern. A landing under these circumstances might be difficult. We'll be protected until the winds diminish. [Archer's quarters] Understood. We must have left them at the campsite. We've scanned the planet, it's uninhabited. Other than ourselves, there are no humanoid life forms here. It's functioning perfectly. Perhaps you imagined seeing them. Where do you propose we go, back out into the storm? I'll be back shortly. If there's someone back there, I intend to find them. (She heads deeper into the cavern. Cutler takes the final phase pistol.) [Outside] Excuse me? Talking to? There's no one here. (She heads back to main cavern.) [Bridge] I performed a geological analysis. The rocks are composed of limestone and cormalite, nothing more. She's mistaken. I have no reason to deceive you. I can't explain what you've seen, but I assure you I didn't speak to anyone. Your point? This is pointless. I share your concern for crewman Novakovich, but as I told you Your emotions are beginning to affect your judgment. You're becoming irrational. That won't be necessary. (She points further into the cavern.) T'POL: I detected water about sixty metres in that direction. Join me if you'd like. I can survive without water for several days. Can you? (Tucker pulls his phase pistol on her.) Working. Scans I took this afternoon. There's nothing of scientific interest on this planet. Our mission here was a waste of time. The readings are in Vulcan. You won't understand them. Of what? I was wrong. There is something of interest here. I've learned a great deal about human behaviour. Under stress, you become volatile. You're a far more dangerous species than I previously believed. I didn't ask you or Mister Tucker to join us. There's no one there, Commander. All I see is a delusional engineer. Yes, Captain. And I have a phase pistol pointed at my head. [Sickbay] He's lowered his phase pistol, sir. Yes, but only slightly. (in Vulcan) (in Vulcan) [Situation room] T'Pol. He's irrational, sir. Mayweather and Cutler are nearly unconscious. (in Vulcan) [Bridge] (in Vulcan) (in Vulcan) I'm afraid I did. They were never here. There were no rock people. You were all hallucinating. Yes. The Captain felt that if I played along, it might help to persuade you to lower your weapon. You'd grown increasingly illogical and violent. Something about splitting me in two. You were under the influence of the pollen. We all were. Commander? Perhaps it's not too late to follow his advice. The Captain says he's going to be fine. (Cutler goes to the cave mouth to see a pod coming in to land.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Commander. I assume you have an explanation. That artefact you brought back from the lunar surface. It must have been placed there intentionally. When I opened it, the canister released some kind of gas. (The door opens, T'Pol lies down again and Trip hides.) There are times I wish Vulcans hadn't learned to repress their violent tendencies. What about the others? Have you come to rescue me? Whatever put the others to sleep didn't affect me in the same way. My body works differently than the humans. That's the name of their species. They're a terrible race. Deceitful, cruel. It wasn't my choice. I'm a captive here. They've enslaved me. Please, take me with you. I'm well-trained in the arts of pleasure, but I'm not familiar with oo-mox. Like this? (She does a double handed caress.) And this? Perfectly. (Archer holds out his manacled wrists.) Not that interesting. No sense of humour. Always complaining. How?
 Previously on Enterprise. ARCHER [Ready They're clear. And now, the conclusion. [Control area] The Drone is being operated by telepresence. It's a process which allows a vessel to be controlled from a remote location. A pilot can operate the Drone from a great distance, over many light years. Essentially. I'm still reviewing the data Commander Tucker brought back, but I believe we can construct our own telepresence unit. Doubtful. The most we can hope for is to interfere with their navigation. There is one problem. The data from the marauder also contained a brain wave pattern. I believe it belongs to the pilot. Apparently, telepathy is necessary to operate the device. You should rest. Phlox thinks it's too soon for you to return to duty. It came up in conversation.  I can manage. I'll make a note of that. Since Enterprise was launched, we've all been near death on more than one occasion. In the Expanse, when we were attempting to destroy Sphere forty one, I didn't believe we'd survive. Whether or not to transfer auxiliary power to the deflector array. Why do you ask? It's all we have. When can we test it? You're not telepathic. It wouldn't be a true measure of the unit's effectiveness. I'll test the unit. Considering what's at stake, the risk is acceptable. Our goal should be to have the unit ready by the time he returns. That means conducting a full series of tests. The discussion's closed. We have a lot of work to do. [Aenar city] (Under the ice is a beautiful city of elegant curved buildings rising up in a massive cavern. In a room with ice furniture, Shran is being tended on a bed covered with fur when the woman walks in.) Commander. Trip. I appreciate your concern for my safety. I think you're letting your feelings impact your work. I just need a moment. I'll be fine. I'll rest for a few minutes, and then we'll try again. [Aenar city] Not yet. We'll be at their last known co-ordinates in six hours. Understood. (She leaves him and he walks straight into -) [Sickbay] I'm picking up debris. Hull fragments. Nacelle casings. Several bodies, human. Is there any word from Sickbay? A ship's dropping out of warp. It appears to be a Tellarite freighter. If it is a freighter. It's power signature is not Andorian. Captain, I'm picking up an energy reading from Sickbay. It's the telepresence unit. If there's anything we can do or say on your behalf.
I can't. We're free. Six Tholian ships moving toward us. Tactical systems are online. (Reed fires phasers to destroy the tractor emitter, then blows up three of the Tholian ships, wrecking the web.) The station's opened fire. How much time? I suggest we make use of the alien workers. They may know something about these systems. We're in no condition for battle. This ship is designed to be operated by a crew of four hundred. There are only forty seven of us. The logical course of action is to take Defiant to Earth, allow Starfleet to study it, reverse-engineer its systems. The orders giving you command of Enterprise were obviously fabricated. It was my duty as a Starfleet officer to help Captain Forrest regain control of his ship. You should be aware Captain Forrest ordered me to kill you. Forrest is dead. His orders are no longer valid. You are my commanding officer. Understood. It's not in the primary hull. Sensors are still offline on the Engineering decks. Whoever sabotaged us knew exactly which components to steal. T'Pol to Major Reed. Bring another prisoner to the Briefing Room. The Gorn's offer is reasonable. The Gorn's moved into the primary hull. [Bridge] It's on Deck Nine. [Access tube] Acknowledged. [Deck 9] (Slar watches as Archer makes his way along the corridor, stepping over bodies. Then he drops on him and they fight. Archer is injured, and the MACO hits Slar over the head with his weapon until the Gorn comes after him instead.) Standing by. Enhancing grav-plating. [Deck 9] (Slar is dragged to the floor.) Grav-plating's at twenty G's. (Two more MACO turn up.) What's Major Reed's condition? I notice you've been making extensive use of the library database. Examine their historical files. You may want to learn more about their Federation. Did you know in the other universe, humans and Denobulans are considered equals? As are Vulcans. You don't find this interesting. Perhaps you should reconsider the repercussions (Alarm sounds.) Captain, they're no threat to us. I recommend we Did you review the historical files? Intriguing? I thought you were an idealist. We have to take action. Archer intends to overthrow Starfleet and the Emperor. SOVAL; Archer is right. The Empire has become corrupt. A new leader may change things for the better. Not for our people. The weapons on that ship will annihilate the rebels, including thousands of Vulcans. We can give them an advantage. I can download the data on Defiant's engines and tactical systems. We'll give it to them. I'm going to destroy that ship. I can disable Defiant's power systems, but I'll need your help. Do you want to spend the rest of your life serving the Empire? I know Archer. He blames our people for inciting the rebels. If he becomes Emperor, he'll lay waste to Vulcan. I can't do this without you. [USS Defiant - Captain's quarters] (Night. Archer is sitting on the end of the bed when Hoshi wakes, and starts caressing and kissing him.) You heard Archer's speech. He's delusional. Archer plans to kill the Emperor and take his place. We'll be executed. There's an old tradition. If someone saves the Emperor's life, it's said there's no request he can refuse them. Consider the possibilities. A medical facility of your own with unlimited resources. You could conduct experiments as you see fit. What's this? Schematics? (The MACO disarms her.) I'm surprised you're not exhausted from all the beds you've jumped into recently. My death will change nothing. You will not prevail. The Federation is our future. It may take centuries, but humanity will pay for its arrogance. [USS Defiant] (Phlox is about to do his sabotage when his communicator beeps.)
They're rated for one hundred and twenty. When the Andorians first arrived a century ago, they began to terraform the planet. Once an atmosphere was developed, they established a settlement. Its sole value is its strategic location near Vulcan space. It was the only logical conclusion. How much evidence would you need if the Klingons decided to set up a colony on Pluto? The Andorians refused to let the High Command inspect the colony. So, they annexed Paan Mokar to protect their territory. They were removed. They left the High Command little choice. A surveillance satellite was put into orbit to monitor the agreement. The planet's been deserted for nearly a century. It's the Andorian jamming signal. I'm entering the landing coordinates they gave us. Did you have a chance to read the Territorial Compromise? The Compromise is at the heart of this dispute. It's worth your attention. Did you glance at any of the other materials I sent to your quarters? V'Lar's treatise on negotiating tactics is the definitive text on the subject. Glancing. Ambassador Soval clearly believes you'll fail. I was hoping some advance preparation would help you prove him wrong. I assume you have a strategy? And then? Yes. (They move through the buildings.) Captain. You provoked this situation when you violated the Territorial After you set up a military outpost here. Is there something you'd like to discuss? As Shran said, this is a provocative issue. However, I think you did well. But my opinion often differs from the High Command's. [Conference room] Engaging an Andorian vessel could be construed as an act of war. It's a human expression. It means the next move is yours. [Launch bay] Weapons fire. I can't pinpoint the source. (We see it is coming from several points in the colony.) We're still within their jamming range. Direct hit to our starboard engine. Main power is offline. We're losing altitude. Two hundred metres. One hundred metres. Fifty. We need to reduce our speed. You were with the occupation force? The Vulcan units must be advancing their positions. Captain. I believe they're envious. I am aware of that. We believed they needed our help when they first developed warp drive. That hasn't changed. I find the work gratifying. I was onboard Enterprise at the time. I felt my opinion would be welcomed. Just because Captain Archer has earned my respect doesn't mean I Those are Andorian weapons. It isn't life-threatening but he needs medical attention. Have you considered there might be Andorians who would want a war with Vulcan? With your permission, I'll escort Ambassador Soval to the airlock.
You wanted to see me, Captain. I'm familiar with it. P'Jem. It's an ancient spiritual retreat. A remote sanctuary for Kolinahr and peaceful meditation. The Vulcan purging of emotion. P'Jem is a place of quiet contemplation, Captain. I'm not certain we'd be welcome. I'll research the proper protocols. It was the Captain's idea. It is a Vulcan sanctuary, if that's what you mean. It could create a certain awkwardness. In infinite combinations. Our mission is to make contact with those whom humans consider new life and new civilisations. I suppose so. It wasn't possible to hail them. The monks consider technology a distraction from their spiritual pursuits. It won't be a problem as long as we observe the proper protocols. When we arrive, we'll be greeted by a Vulcan Elder. You should not speak to him or any member of the order unless spoken to first. If they appear to be meditating, do not approach them or attempt to make conversation. Also, maintain quiet at all times and do not touch or disturb any artefacts, relics or ornamentation. If we arrive at their time of communal kolinahr it's likely we'll be turned away. At the conclusion of our visit we'll be offered the Stone of J'Kah as a gesture of salutation. Accept it, then bow slightly and observe a respectful silence for approximately five seconds. The temple is almost three thousand years old, Commander. You can't expect it to be in pristine condition. (She pulls on a big bell rope. After a few moments, Archer pushes the doors open anyway and they enter.) [Atrium] (T'Pol whispers with the sole man present.) He says we have arrived at the time of kolinahr. The order must remain in silent reflection throughout the lunar cycle. They are not to be disturbed. (to Vulcan) Your service honours us. Before we leave, may I request the offering of the J'Kah stone for my distinguished guests. It's probably nothing. This is the main atrium. There should be more than one member of the order present, and the icon in that shrine is perched at an odd angle. That's not all, Captain. The Vulcan Elder seems agitated. I've heard it can take days to explore this site. (Tucker stoops by the fallen jar.) They're Andorians, Captain. They're known for their suspicious and volatile nature. Yes, sir. They resent our superior reasoning and our technology. They even believe that we intend to mount an invasion on their homeworld. Nine weeks and four days. You get used to it, and I was given a nasal numbing agent. (Two Andorians return with Archer and throw him to the ground before leaving again.) Mister Reed wouldn't be that reckless. You need it more than I do. No. The sound of the transporter alone would alert the guards. They'd start firing before the team was fully resequenced. For what? A fire fight in close quarters with a dozen monks at risk? I'm fine. It's been twenty four hours since I took my nasal numbing agent. The cold is preferable to the odour. An armed assault would put all of our lives at risk, not to mention the destruction of the sanctuary itself. Tensions between Andoria and Vulcan are high. Any casualties would only make matters worse. We don't believe in responding to violence with violence. You're beginning to sound like an Andorian. Are you questioning my loyalty? I have never disobeyed your orders. (rolls over and takes all the blanket with her) [Bridge] That would almost be directly beneath the atrium. Perhaps you have faulty equipment. They're down this passage. Thirty metres. Yes. I've completed my scans. Sir? Your communicator. (Reed hands it over.) T'POL: T'Pol to Enterprise. The Andorian ship will be leaving the surface momentarily. They're free to go.
It shouldn't be difficult to isolate their warp signature. We're receiving an automated distress call. It's from a Tarkalean freighter. [Bridge] Obviously, the engines aren't the only system they've upgraded. Nine on the Arctic transport. The readings are erratic. (Another hit.) Two biosigns on their upper deck. I'm reading minimal life support. It's likely the researchers are going through a similar transformation. Perhaps you should isolate them in the Decon chamber. I've contacted Tarkalea. I told them we're doing everything we can for their crewmen. Nothing. As I recall, Cochrane was famous for his imaginative stories. He was also known to be frequently intoxicated. (reading) He said their ultimate goal was to enslave the human race. T'Pol to Captain Archer.  I've located the transport on long-range sensors. They're traveling at warp four point eight. Less than two light years. [Engineering] Warp plasma regulators. It's them. Yes. The junction's empty. (Archer is not happy that he's had to kill two people.) You had no choice. [Sickbay] I believe Crewman Cunningham is in the galley if you'd like something else. Please. Lieutenant Reed informed me that you plan to disable the transport when we find it. So you still intend to rescue the humans? If they've already been transformed, that could be difficult. There are twenty nine lifeforms on that transport. It's logical to assume they've all been infected. We could endanger Enterprise if they're brought aboard. Perhaps you should reconsider. I'm saying, we destroy it. The vessel's mass has increased by three percent. They're disrupting our plasma network. Main power is failing. Captain. Alert Security. Bridge to Commander Tucker. [Maintenance area]  How much longer? Evacuate that section. [Arctic transport] (Another alien comes round the corner, and Archer shoots with no effect.)  Acknowledged. [Arctic transport] Go ahead.  Do we have weapons? [Maintenance area] Our engines and weapons are back online. The transport's been disabled, so has the alien circuitry. Did you find the research team? You were under extraordinary physical stress. You may have imagined it. Spatial co-ordinates. Did you learn where the message was sent? Then I doubt there's any immediate danger. It would take at least two hundred years for a subspace message to reach the Delta Quadrant, assuming it's received at all.
The Khavorta posture? Are you certain? You have been practicing. Don't speak. Relax your jaw. Excellent. Now, the surah'than. Is there a problem? You said this was helping you sleep. Then why do you want to stop? And that disturbs you. I see no reason to be concerned with idle gossip. We're both senior officers. If we were pursuing a romantic relationship it wouldn't be Lieutenant Reed's concern, would it? Shall we continue?(In his bed, Archer is restless, and his squirming and twitching wakes Porthos. Archer gets up and goes to the mirror. His remaining Locque'que marks are itching,) [Sickbay] It'll require extremely precise calculations but I believe Mister Tucker and I can synthesise the compound safely. I recommend we set up a lab on E deck, within the emergency bulkheads, as a precaution. [Archer's quarters] Up to eleven hundred units. The pressure's still rising. Fourteen hundred units. Fourteen thirty. No effect. We should seal off this section and leave. It might not. We should evacuate. It's not working. The pressure is up to two thousand units. Commander! (They leave and the container goes big bang, wrecking the table.) (in doorway) Some of our calculations may have been slightly off. We've been working for six hours. I suggest we take a break. Come to my quarters in half an hour. We'll resume your neuro-pressure regimen. I prefer you are rested before we make another attempt. [Transporter alcove] I know who you are. What are you doing here? That's not likely. Perhaps you are unfamiliar with our protocols, but it is unacceptable for you to be in my quarters uninvited. (Rajiin kneels down and leans in close.) I'm afraid (Rajiin strokes T'Pol's ears.) Vulcans and humans are allies. Now please leave. What are you doing? I need you to leave. Stop. No! [Corridor outside T'Pol's quarters] Yes.
Captain to the Bridge. [Bridge]  We're getting reports of anomalies from all over the ship. None, and there's no atmosphere aboard. Artificial gravity's down as well. Ensign Sato managed to bring the transceiver online, but other than that. It might be best to complete repairs before we head deeper into the Expanse. If we encounter any more anomalies Lock them out. (In Engineering, Trip knocks one alien out with a piece of piping, then as the others start shooting at him, he makes the engines arc to keep the others away. Just as Reed gets there and starts shooting, they beam away and Trip turns off the engine again. Archer and Hawkins burst into an completely empty Cargo bay. The alien ship leaves.) [Sickbay] High Command hasn't had much contact with the Osaarians. They have a large merchant fleet, but there's no record of piracy. Not yet. They've found a way to mask their ion trail. It appears they've adapted their weapons and engines to compensate for the anomalies. Pursuing them will be dangerous. We should consider other alternatives. I'm only suggesting that we may be able to replenish our supplies elsewhere.  I've been studying the data recovered from the derelict. Apparently, they decided to look for the Osaarians as well. They found a way to modify their sensors to detect the ion trail. Their life support failed before they had a chance to start. I've already given it to Ensign Mayweather. Hull plating's back online. We should have phase cannons within the hour. Lieutenant Reed is still having difficulty modifying the guidance systems to compensate for the anomalies. Curious. The trail resumes after another seventy thousand kilometres. Their ions may have been dispersed by stellar winds. Microfractures are forming on the outer hull. We should come about. It's approximately nineteen kilometres in diameter. No. It's constructed entirely of a single alloy. Our sensors are being deflected. I'm detecting what appears to be a portal, twenty two degrees north of our current position. Polyduranium. The same metal as the Osaarian's hull. Go ahead. Understood. (The pod flies into the massive hollow interior.)  The search teams have found nearly eighty percent of our antimatter. They're looking for the rest. We've also recovered most of our weapons. He'll have warp drive online within the next thirty minutes. Quantum scans indicate it's nearly a thousand years old. The structure contains seven fusion reactors. Each one is almost twelve kilometres long. Only three are still operational. The sphere's emitting massive amounts of gravimetric energy. It may have something to do with the spatial anomalies.  Was he cooperative? They are heavily armed. Are you sure it's wise to engage them? Not yet. (As the Osaarian ship becomes visible, it gets hit by two torpedoes, then another.) Anything? Forward hull plating is offline. Hull fracture on E deck, section fourteen. We're venting atmosphere. Hull plating's offline. They're targeting our reactor.
But Vosk and his men arrived on Earth recently. A few years ago. Daniels said that different factions in the Temporal War are changing history throughout the timeline. Maybe this assassin was working for one of them. Their shields are still holding. (Another hit blows a circuit.) You should be able to deactivate the shields from this console. Here's the procedure. The data from the disk was extremely helpful. Our targeting array is offline. We're in need of Commander Tucker's skills. Understood. Good luck. (She beams them down.) [Nazi Weapons Facility] Could it pose a danger to the Captain? What's our repair status? Weapons? Our targeting array is still down. [Bridge] We're going to have to drop out of orbit to get close enough. [Nazi Weapons Facility] Have you located Commander Tucker? [Nazi Weapons Facility] Take us in. Distance? Slow us down. Two hundred kph. REED A group of aircraft are taking off from the base north of Manhattan. They're headed towards us. [Outside the Weapons Compound] (Archer and Trip come out of the building.) Mister Reed. It appears that bullets and sirens aren't all they have. I'm reading a powerful energy surge inside the facility. I'm picking up vessels approaching. Dozens of them.
Terra Nova? I'm not familiar with the early years of human space exploration. Name one. What happened to them? Why didn't you send a vessel to find out what happened? A Vulcan ship could have made the journey in far less time. Why didn't you ask them? My experience with humans is limited, but I've come to learn that they're quite resourceful. Terra Nova may still be there, Captain. [Bridge] No, but the colony appears to be intact. I'm also detecting low levels of surface radiation. I can't tell. Less than eight hundred millirads. A few hours of exposure shouldn't pose a risk. No sign of weapons fire, only rust. Judging by the isotope decays, the radiation levels seventy years ago would have been lethal. Maybe they left the planet before it could affect them. This leads to a network of caverns that extend for several hundred metres. T'Pol to Captain Archer. [Cave tunnel] Captain? Just a moment. In approximately three metres, a tunnel will branch off to your left. [Cave tunnel] Take it. Correction, ten metres. [Cave tunnel] (They get back to the small opening they originally came through. There are shots and Reed falls.) Those weren't aliens. They're human. [Corridor] They may have been driven underground by the radiation. A section of this tunnel is collapsed. It's empty. If we could get into it, we could clear the obstruction with phase pistols. We'd be less than twenty metres from Lieutenant Reed. Captain. About five hundred kilometres north. It's been partially filled in by erosion over the years, but I'm reading impact fractures down to nearly two thousand metres. An asteroid. A large one. The tectonic analysis puts the impact at approximately seventy years ago. The geology was comprised primarily of beresium ore. The thermo-shock would have created a radioactive cloud that probably covered the northern hemisphere for more than a year. Doctor Phlox just saved your life. Perhaps you should give him the benefit of the doubt. After all, he's not human. Neither am I. Stun grenades. Commander Tucker's continued to enhance the sensor resolution of their tunnels. We could transport stun grenades to specific locations, detonate them, and use both shuttlepods to bring them back to the ship. I'm sure Mister Reed could devise appropriate restraints. The alternative was made quite clear by Doctor Phlox. Are you certain it is the right thing? When you get them back to Earth, what will you do? Send them to school, teach them to read and write, wear human clothing, eat human food, teach them to live on the surface, enjoy the sunshine? They've lived in those tunnels for three generations. You can't just pluck them up and bring them to a strange world and hope they'll learn to conform. You'd be destroying their identity, destroying the Novan culture. Unaffected by the asteroid. Is anyone hurt? [Shuttlepod] (The pod come to a halt.) Captain? Crater? No.
I've visited Risa before. It seemed appropriate to give someone else a chance. I don't anticipate any problems. The crew is trained to handle emergencies, but I'll alert you immediately if there are any problems. (They arrive at the turbolift.) Everyone drew lots. You had the same chance as the others. Captain, you need a vacation. (Porthos runs in and gazes at his master. Archer follows.) [Launch bay] (Hoshi has let her hair down, and is wearing a red dress.) Enjoy yourselves. (Tucker is in that Hawaiian shirt.) How long will this last? And if someone should require medical attention during your hibernation? Pleasant dreams, Doctor. [Archer's villa] (Sunlit, airy, plenty of pot plants) Enterprise. What's the problem, Ensign? Where are you? Why didn't you let them finish treating you on the surface? Yes, in San Francisco. The doctor is hibernating. What's his condition? I've spoken to the hospital. They've never heard of a reaction like this, but they're not familiar with human physiology. There's no need to whisper. He's in a state of deep hibernation. Did you use the correct dosage? Wake up, Doctor. No. There's a medical emergency. You're the doctor. Ensign Mayweather. Ensign Mayweather, our helmsman. We're in your quarters. What? Doctor, I think this was a mistake. You should return to your quarters. This is T'Pol. You don't sound very relaxed, Captain. Understood. [Archer's villa] You're certain? Your biosigns are stabilising. It seems to be working.
And now the conclusion. [High Command] We need to get back to Enterprise. Tell Starfleet what we've learned about the embassy bombing. I don't understand. Enterprise will be scanning for us at the transport coordinates. One of us should go there. Taking the artefact to the High Command will accomplish nothing. What war? We settled our dispute with the Andorians nearly two years ago. Where did you get this information? Assuming for the moment you possess Surak's katra, he's been dead for centuries. How could he be aware of plans for a war? Captain. I'm not certain your mind is the one making these decisions. We should return to the ship. T'Pau can take the artefact to the capital. Chosen? Interesting choice of words. That's the fourth patrol today. There's an extensive security grid around the capital. It's unlikely we'll get past it. It's irrelevant what I believe. The Captain could be permanently injured if we don't get him to a doctor soon. It's irrational that we're following someone in his state of mind. What if he dies before we can get help? I apologise. My mother's death has affected me more than I realised. You melded with her? I cannot meld. That's not what I mean. I was forced to participate in a meld several years ago. I was infected with a neural disease. There's no cure. Is there something you can do? (T'Pau accepts the invitation to initiate a meld) Captain, you need to rest. The atmosphere is thinner than you're used to. If you don't stop soon, you'll collapse. Have you had any more conversations with Surak? Something's amusing? I doubt you were Syrran's first choice. You might find it beneficial. Why? There are many groups who claim to follow the true path of Surak. I find no evidence that this one's any different. I may have had disagreements with the High Command, but that doesn't mean I'm going to join a radical faction. This has nothing to do with science! No. [Shran's ship] Mount Seleya. Because the artefact contains Surak's original writings. Only the priests on Seleya can translate them. I am a Syrrannite. We don't lie. (She is marched along, hands tied behind her back, until she falls to her knees.) I need to rest. That's a very long time ago. We weren't responsible. You have been misled. Syrrannites are peaceful. I no longer hold that rank. Enter. Captain Archer asked me to express his gratitude. He wouldn't have succeeded without your transporter codes. I'm not certain when I'll be able to return. I'm aware that I promised your family that we would eventually live together. You don't have to do this. Koss.
Columbia's virtually identical to Enterprise. I don't understand the logic behind this transfer. You're not being promoted You wouldn't leave Captain Archer without sufficient reason. Are you leaving because of me? You didn't answer my question. I've spoken with the Denobulan ambassador. He's notified the doctor's wives. A mind-meld? I've never initiated a meld before. I don't have the proper training. You? My mind to your mind. Our minds are merging. Our minds are one. I feel what you feel. I know what you know. (telepathically) Can you hear me? You and the doctor have just left the restaurant. Good. [Hoshi's memory] (This time, T'Pol walks with them down the street.) Where were you attacked? Yes. (to the fallen Hoshi) Focus on the moment. Put aside any pain. Dol'sha t'ung nev'Rleel. A Rigelian freighter left orbit two hours after Phlox's abduction. According to their flight plan, they were headed for Proxima Colony. The freighter's warp trail has terminated. Why are you here? I'm meditating. This is where I go in my mind. Please leave. Away. On my way. [Bridge] (The mangled remains of the Rigelian ship are on the viewscreen.) No biosigns. I'm reading several bodies aboard. They're all Rigelian. Hull plating's holding. They've activated their transporter. There must be some kind of mistake. According to his bio-signature, he is Klingon. (Archer stares at the smooth-foreheaded Klingon.) [Situation room] I need to run further tests. Their boarding party disabled our antimatter flow regulators. Warp drive should be repaired in six hours. It's been erased. We may be able to reconstruct the directory with a recursive algorithm. Subconscious thoughts are often exchanged. They sometimes surface during sleep. Most unusual. [Ready room] The recorder was erased deliberately. It left a unique magnetic signature. The antimatter flow regulators are locked open. Uncertain. (Enterprise shakes.) The reactor would breach. But we can reduce pressure by increasing speed. Please be more specific. T'Pol to Captain Archer. The warp matrix has been compromised [Corridor] By a Klingon subroutine. I'm not certain. It's infiltrated our command protocols.
Captain, I've just spoken with Starfleet Command. That's where I prefer to be. My mother hasn't responded to my communiqués. It's not unusual for her to become lost in her work. As for my husband, our arrangement remains unchanged. I'd like to introduce Administrator V'Las. You have other suspects? Actually, they're a small group of Vulcans. They follow a corrupted form of Surak's teachings. The Registry records DNA from all Vulcans at birth. Enter. What is the purpose of your visit? Your message was cryptic. You have something to tell me that the authorities shouldn't hear? Why didn't she give this to me herself? My mother? What's important is that she's disappeared like the others facing unjustified arrest. No, there's a difference. My mother wants me to find her. (She shows him the medallion.) It's called an IDIC. It's been modified. (She presses something and the central stone projects a holographic map.) This is a desert called the Forge. The route's the one Surak supposedly followed. Syrrannites follow the same path today, seeking enlightenment. She told Koss this was a family heirloom, but I've never seen it before. This site is called Gateway, where Surak supposedly began his journey into the Forge. He brought logic to Vulcan, in an age we call the Time of Awakening, but his writings from that period no longer exist. Over the centuries, his followers made copies of his teachings. You find this amusing? The dampening field only extends a few hundred metres above the ground. Patrol craft can fly over it, but their sensors can't see us. We're being stalked. (An animal cry rings out in the dark.) Sehlat. Run. (A furry four-legged thing with enormous incisors is chasing them.) Higher ground. Higher. They won't climb. (The pair scramble up a rock face, and the sehlat paces below.) Days, at least. They're very persistent creatures. When I was a child, I had one as a pet. Domesticated. They were smaller, slightly. You have Porthos. Vulcan children are never late with their sehlat's dinner. T'Pol. That means desert wind. Captain, the reflected heat is too hot for you. I won't need water for several more days. My inner eyelids will protect my vision. My species evolved on this planet. (The group walks on, and Archer is suffering.) From the questions he asked you, I believe he is a Syrrannite. And it's obvious that he doesn't trust us enough to take us to the others. It may be too late for that. Sand-fire! (A dust storm is coming down the valley like a tidal wave. They run.) [Sickbay] Captain. (He gets up again. Arev has found a cave.) From my mother. You're a Syrrannite. When did you talk with her? Is she safe? The High Command believes the Syrrannites are responsible for bombing the Earth embassy. Of the IDIC? Surak died on Mount Seleya. Syrrannites claim it's the essence of a Vulcan mind. That it can be transferred from the body before death, then stored in some manner. Are you injured? Remember. Remember what? The patrol craft are flying again. They sound like they're closing in on this location. After we bury him. [The Forge - night] (They are walking along a ridge, when two vapour trails pass overhead.) There's nothing there. How do you know? (They head down a gully.) Captain, you're not Vulcan. It's almost dawn. We need to find someplace to hide. That won't help us. (He walks through the rock face, and T'Pol follows.) [T'Kareth Sanctuary] What do you mean? (They are pounced on by an armed group.) To Be Continued...  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
The Earth cargo ship Fortunate. Y-class freighter, maximum speed warp one point eight. Crew complement twenty three. Do you have any helpful information on this vessel beyond its recreational activities? None, Captain. I'm reading twenty four biosigns. Why is power being rerouted from internal sensors to the weapons systems? The battle is over. I'll remove the bypass. I'm sorry, I don't know which child is named Nadine. (The boy runs off. T'Pol lets the girl out.) I just told him the truth. [Ready room] T'Pol to Archer. The repairs are almost finished, Captain. But there is something I need to speak to you about, in private. (later) It isn't. My bioscans indicated this Nausicaan was injured. I'm reading one biosign, but it's not Nausicaan. (It's Shaw with a rifle. Ryan picks up a pistol too.) Captain, there's a breach. The Fortunate has fired its weapons. Captain, considering our rate of decompression, I'd suggest Enterprise retrieve us as quickly as possible. Mister Tucker says at least four hours. A very primitive emotion, but it would explain his irrational behaviour. Captain, long range sensors are detecting weapons fire. Nausicaans. There are four Nausicaan biosigns on board the Fortunate and I'm detecting weapon discharges.
It's directly on our route to Azati Prime. Because it wasn't there before now. It's similar to the phenomenon we encountered several weeks ago. This region is being rapidly reconfigured as we speak. Two weeks. Perhaps not. Since this region was formed only recently, it hasn't been completely reconfigured. We should still be able to cross it safely. Doctor. Less than an hour at warp four. I was running a diagnostic. Do you require my assistance? What are you doing here? I thought it was movie night. I'll make a note of it in the maintenance log. Are you all right, Doctor? You seem somewhat agitated. I apologise if I startled you. You're certain that's all? I've had my duties to attend to. The rest of the time I've spent in my quarters, reading, meditating. I'd like to complete the diagnostic. No, thank you. If you like. [Engineering] (Another door sound.) Go ahead. Doctor? I don't understand. Doctor, I'm on the Bridge. [Galley] This is fine. Yes, his plomeek broth leaves something to be desired as well. Quite sure. What were you doing there? I'm responsible for monitoring the engines. Do you have anything to report? Doctor? A member of the crew? Then obviously you were mistaken. No. It sounds fascinating. I'm sorry I haven't been better company. I know. It is ironic, however, that I should be your sole companion. Unlike your people, most Vulcans will go to great lengths to find solitude. At times it has been trying for me to co-exist with eighty humans. Especially the more irrational ones. I've found the last two days to be a welcome respite. Internal sensors don't show any additional biosigns. There are no lifeforms anywhere in this vicinity. You can see for yourself there's nothing there. That's possible, but we should consider another explanation. You mentioned you were having difficulty adjusting to the solitude of the past few days. Outside the ship, crawling on the hull. You ran the scans yourself. There is nothing unusual on board. You said you haven't slept much since we entered this disturbance. Perhaps you should return to your quarters, try to rest. Go ahead, Doctor. There's nothing on sensors. Doctor. Phlox! I thought you were going to get some rest. If that's true, then how did they get on the ship? All external hatches and docking ports are sealed. There were no transporter signatures. We've searched four decks. If there are Xindi aboard, why are they concealing themselves? There are over eighty biosigns aboard, not counting your pets in Sickbay. Neither are your pets. There must be some interference, possibly from the reconfigured space. I said it wasn't affecting main sensors. That hand scanner is far less powerful, you know that. Doctor! How did he get out? And you simply forgot. It can, if you use it properly. You feel I haven't been helpful? How would you characterise the two hours I wasted searching for a figment of your imagination? Are you certain? As I recall, you once told Ensign Sato that it's considered healthy for Denobulans to hallucinate. It's how you release stress. You've been under a lot of stress lately, haven't you, Doctor. You said you've been having headaches. Is there anything else you care to tell me? You nearly shot the Captain's dog! Doctor. (Phlox turns to look at her, and when he looks back, Archer has gone.) [Sickbay] Are you in danger? I don't have the medical expertise. I have my own duties. I can't possibly monitor the entire crew. I can't. When we were searching the ship, I became irritated with you. You don't understand. I was on the verge of losing control of my emotions. This reconfigured space is effecting me as well. I'd hoped to control it, but it's proven more difficult than I thought. The crew is better off in your hands. You won't do that. Because your duty is to look out for the welfare of this crew. Why do you think the Captain allowed you to sedate him over Commander Tucker's objections? Because he trusts you, as do I. Just a few more hours, Doctor. [Bridge] There could have been some slight navigational discrepancies. Not always. Check long range sensors. (Phlox dashes to the back of the Situation room.) PHLOX: What do you think I'm doing. There's more than a slight discrepancy. This can't be correct. We're nearly a quarter of a light year from the far edge. The reconfigured space has expanded. Obviously the rate of acceleration has accelerated. We need to increase speed. As you can see, that's insufficient. We need to go to warp. What do you propose? Keeping the crew comatose for the next ten weeks? [Engineering] I'm afraid I may not be of much assistance. I already told you, I'm finding it difficult to focus. Unfortunately, this is by far one of my worst days. You hold a dozen scientific degrees. The procedures for restarting the reactor are in the database. That seems simple enough. I realise this is a complex procedure. I understand. I just wish I could be more helpful. Doctor, are you all right? Doctor, I can't find the plasma relays. Shall we try? (Bits of engine room start to light up.) What's wrong? You need to Perhaps you should increase it. Doctor, perhaps we should wake Commander Tucker. If we destroy the ship, we'll all die. If we can't accomplish our mission, billions of people on Earth could die. Isn't it logical to sacrifice one life to save so many? The field is stabilising. Then I suggest we go to warp. What are you doing? I'll assist you in waking the others. Doctor's orders? [T'Pol's quarters] Thank you. Of course. Commander Tucker was complaining that it will take him days to realign the warp coils. He also said, and I quote, Phlox did one hell of a job. You must have enjoyed having the ship to yourself.
No active sensor sweeps or artificial satellites, no vessels anywhere in the vicinity. They could also be electrical storms, deposits of diamagnetic ore, or Go ahead. Scans are still negative. Your signal's breaking up. Acknowledged. Corporal Hawkins is standing by with an assault team. We have it, Captain. Acknowledged.  [Forest] I managed to identify a sub-quantum imprint. It matches the signature of the Xindi probe. Have you learnt anything from the interrogation? Understood. He was quite insistent. He said he needed it to help prove a point. (beams a case down)  [Gralik's home] Captain, we've detected a ship approaching the planet. The hull configuration matches the Xindi vessel that attacked us. Are you sure this is wise? Still, it might be prudent to find a more suitable environment to test it. What about radiation or particle disbursement? You know nothing about this device. Let me know when you're ready. What's wrong? What's that? The energy levels are increasing. It's overloading. If you remove the power cell The Xindi ship is still in orbit. We haven't detected any other vessels.  [Outside Cave] Captain, if the Xindi have detected your presence,  [Bridge] I strongly urge you to return to the ship. Is everything all right?  [Outside Cave] Go ahead. Acknowledged.  [Xindi shuttle cargo bay] (Archer opens one of the many containers.) Lieutenant Reed, report. Go ahead. Acknowledged.  [Gralik's home]
The treatment's no longer effective? It's too great a risk. I'd be taken off Enterprise. It's too great a risk. I wasn't aware he was gone. It is the first I.M.E. conference he's attended in over a year. There are over one million physicians on Vulcan. I haven't spoken to anyone on the surface. Of course. You are physicians. Why would you need me to define an illness? It's an incurable degradation of the synaptic pathways. It also affects the endocrine and immune systems. Through a telepathic practice. Mind-melds. They cause a disruption of neuroelectric impulses in the mid-brain, which can lead to the early stages of the syndrome. I'd appreciate it if you'd tell me why you asked me here. They're Vulcan. I'm not familiar with any of them. Not well, but I've met a number of them. I don't understand what your questions have to do with the Doctor's request. You travelled up from the surface to tell Doctor Phlox you wouldn't help him? Sir? It's none of their concern. The disease is not contagious. If we had told you there's nothing you could have done. If the High Command was to learn that I was infected, I would most likely lose my commission. It's not about the disease. It's about the people who are capable of transmitting it. There are certain Vulcans, a small minority, who are born with the ability to perform a very intimate form of telepathy. A melding of minds. They are part of the telepathic minority. One of the reasons why they left Vulcan was to escape prejudice. Their behaviour is considered unnatural. They're seen as a threat. No. It wasn't by choice. One of the men on that ship. I have no intention of telling them. I have my reasons. Yes. Transfer it here. I just received a message from Doctor Yuris. The youngest. He asked me to meet him in a northern section of the city. I believe he wants to help. He asked me to come alone. [Deleted scene - Shuttlepod] I beg your pardon? That's correct. There's a landing port about a kilometre south of the meeting place. You worry about your crew. I didn't want you to worry about me. [City - evening] What is it? You've taken a great risk by bringing this to me. Why? Why jeopardise your career to help someone you despise? You know I'm not a member of the minority. What if I didn't choose? Are you infected? You can't jeopardise your position. Thank you for this. [Mess hall] As we've seen, they're not very motivated to develop a cure. No, I haven't. You spoke with them. Have they notified the High Command? I won't do that. I have Pa'nar Syndrome. It doesn't make a difference how I contracted it. He is not right. If I use that as a defence as a way to keep from being taken off Enterprise, I'd be condoning their prejudice, and in the process, indicting every member of the minority. I won't do that. [Vulcan medical area] Come in. (Archer comes in and sits down.) T'POL: Lieutenant Reed told me you went to the surface. I assume you were unsuccessful. They'll never agree. I have no interest in challenging their decision. You need to understand. I won't tell them how I got the disease. They haven't elected to do anything. They're born with this ability. There are no rules telling you to oppress minorities. No, I'm being recalled because you're afraid of anything that doesn't conform to your idea of acceptable behaviour. You gave me your word. Why? So you can perpetuate your double standard? Condemn the infected when they meld by choice and sympathise with them when they don't? I have nothing to say to them. [Sickbay] (In front of the new neutron microscope.) That was to be expected. Also to be expected. With your permission, I'll be contacting the High Command. I don't intend to let Yuris be dismissed without a fight. Maybe this incident will encourage others to speak out.
It's a medical facility run by Starfleet and the Denobulans. Highly virulent diseases are stockpiled there for research purposes. Why weren't these embryos destroyed after the war? None. It could be hiding behind any one of the larger asteroids. To prevent us from getting a transporter fix. It's a logical conclusion. Agreed. [Station Control Hub] (The captives are brought in. Phlox heads straight for his friend. Saul stops him, but Soong nods.) End transmission. Bring up the data file. [Station Control Hub] Proceed. We'll destroy it ourselves. It's not the preferred solution, but it's all we have. Load photonic torpedoes. Mister Mayweather? Take us in. [Station Control Hub] Lock weapons. (The Klingon bird-of-prey comes out of hiding and shoots at them, causing damage.) Return fire. [Station Control Hub] They're trying to draw us away from the station. Hold your course. Target the facility. [Stasis chamber] (Each embryo is in a sphere on the walls.) Who's on the shuttle? Soong. Fire torpedoes. [Denobulan shuttle]
I spoke with Ambassador Soval. A Vulcan transport located the pod in central Asia. They retrieved it and brought it to Starfleet Headquarters. Very little. There was a pilot, killed on impact. They don't know. No.  If this time traveller is trying to protect humanity, why didn't he tell you all this before millions of people were killed? I'm sure Starfleet and the High Command will find a far more logical explanation of who attacked Earth. It's a Klingon bird of prey. (A nacelle is hit and starts smoking.) Are you confident with your decision, Doctor? To remain on Enterprise. Crewman Fuller just told me a shuttle's on its way with two hundred snow beetles. There isn't a doctor in Starfleet that would have the slightest idea what to do with them. The High Command has made it clear that they don't want me to enter the Delphic Expanse. it's not my place to disobey the High Command. Thank you, Doctor. (She leaves him making chirruping noises to the contents of the box.) [Armoury] I don't understand why I can't stay in San Francisco. You thought it was crucial to place a Vulcan on Enterprise during its first mission. Why not now? Can you be certain of that? I believe that should be my decision.  It's Duras. Impossible to determine. Three hours, possibly more. Ensign Mayweather says we're two days from Vulcan. Chef's done an adequate job of approximating Vulcan cuisine. I've gotten use to it. I've grown accustomed to that as well, somewhat. I don't wish to return to Vulcan. I want to remain aboard Enterprise, if you'll allow me to. I've decided to resign my commission. You're taking Enterprise into a very dangerous place. This is no time for me to leave. You'll need a science officer, whether she's a member of the High Command or not. You need me, Captain. [Bridge] A common mistake when viewing something of this size. Nothing beyond the perimeter. Nothing yet. Yes. Not unless you launched three of them. (Weapons fire from aft. One hits but the rest miss.) [Duras's ship] The perimeter clouds are dissipating. I'm detecting clear space ahead. The Expanse is less than five minutes away. Minimal shielding. It's only logical.
The Reptilian vessel's been destroyed. The emotions are still difficult to control. Somewhat, but I'm still experiencing frequent (The door opens.) Just a mild headache. I'm needed in the Command centre. (T'Pol leaves.) The Spheres are controlled by a network of artificial intelligence. This section houses the redundant memory core. It should contain a significant amount of information. Our present course will take us close to another Sphere. We're interested in any information you have on the construction of their outer shells. Shut it down. (They make it through.) Adjust heading oh two six mark three. [Bridge] Hold this position. The exhaust vent. Set a course, oh three one mark four. (Reed peers hard at the Sphere.) Half thrusters. (The shuttlepod heads straight for the Sphere.) Hold your course. Hold your course. (They fly through a section of the Sphere.) Exactly. Proceed along this conduit. Sixty degrees starboard. Eighty degrees z axis. We should prepare for EVA. We're approaching the memory core. [Shuttlepod] It's fifteen metres ahead. (Travis is monitoring their progress.) [Inside the Sphere] (Looking down at their objective.) Reduce speed. Hold at half impulse. (Reed drops a locker lid on his finger.) T'POL@ Lieutenant? There's a Vulcan axiom. The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few. Corporal Hawkins understood that. No, but it makes it honourable. [Council chamber] Most definitely.
We've detected several phenomenon. A J'ral class supernova remnant approximately three light years off our course. A cluster of three neutron stars. Very unusual. The latter's more likely. I'm not detecting any EM transmissions. I'd advise against that. It's standard protocol to wait until a society develops warp drive before initiating first contact. Starfleet would be wise to adopt them. There's no way to know how our arrival would affect the evolution of their society. Our sensors can gather a great deal of data from orbit. You'd be recognised immediately as outsiders. It's remote and sparsely populated. If you're exposed, there's a reduced risk of cultural contamination. T'Pol to Archer. Please report to the Bridge. [Bridge] I'm detecting neutrino emissions from a city on the eastern continent. Possibly an antimatter reactor. I'm not reading any, but at this range it's hard to be certain. Go ahead, Captain. Acknowledged. We'll meet at your coordinates. She was armed. I'll try. We should go. It'll be dawn soon. I'd advise against that. If I'm not mistake, the fear of alien abduction caused a great deal of apprehension on your planet for centuries. Perhaps we should talk to the shopkeeper first. [Shop] (Daylight. A man is gluing a wing back onto a figurine, a woman is browsing.) Go ahead. Your facility's impressive. Would you mind? Jon, may I speak with you? I should return to the ship and begin my analysis. What about you? The longer you remain, the more you risk cultural contamination. Enjoy your tea. [Sickbay] (T'Pol's scans of Riann's books are on the monitor. She is back to her normal appearance.) Yes. I'm not familiar with it. Could this be responsible for the epidemic? I'll notify the Captain. [Street across from Garos's shop] Veridium is primarily used to manufacture explosives. Did you find any traces of tetracyanate? [Garos's shop] Understood. [Reactor chamber] From where? The Captain? On screen. I want to speak with Captain Archer. Prepare to leave orbit on my order. I don't have to reiterate that I outrank you, Mister Tucker. Ensign. I didn't say leave orbit, I said prepare to leave orbit. I have no intention of abandoning the Captain, dead or alive.(Down in the reactor room, the power is cut and both doors open. Riann and Archer leave.) [Bridge] Evasive manoeuvres. Keep us within transporter range. Return fire. (Two torpedoes hit the alien's shields.) Put him through. [Street] A Malurian vessel's opened fire. We're taking damage. [Street] We're trying to get a lock on it now. [Bridge] Are you all right? He said you'd been killed. [Street] Commander Tucker, status. [Transporter alcove] How long? If they want it so badly, maybe we should give it to them. (Down in the street, Garos's henchman spots them and opens fire with his weapon. Archer and Riann duck behind a stone trough. Garos is attracted by the commotion. Archer takes out the henchman then goes around the trough to hide from Garos and another gunman.) [Transporter alcove] Stand by to go to full impulse. Now, Commander. (The reactor is beamed into the alcove then straight out again into the path of the Malurian ship.) Fire. (The torpedo detonates the reactor as the Malurians arrive on top of it. Satisfying green ripples.) Come about, Ensign. Target their weapons array. [Street] The reactor's been destroyed, Captain. We've disarmed the Malurian ship. Should we disable their engines?
Syrrannites claim it's the essence of a Vulcan mind. (Over the shot of the dying Arev grabbing Archer's face.) That it can be transferred from the body before death. The evidence says you did. Mother. We have a great deal to talk about. We met a Syrrannite. He helped us find shelter. He was struck down by an electrical charge. Captain, are you all right? Do you think he was trying to meld with you? I can't understand how you could join these people. And this is where you came for answers? You could have told me all this when I came to visit. I don't want your apologies, Mother. I want you to come back with me. When you gave me that map, you knew I'd try to find you. That I'd understand? That I'd join you? Extremely. [T'Kareth Sanctuary - room] (Archer is pacing the sandy floor, when suddenly he is in the Sanctuary at a different time, with explosions in the distance.) Captain. Captain? (Archer opens his eyes, and he's in the cell.) [High Command] Katras are nothing more than a myth. Centuries ago, a set of Katric Arks were discovered at the P'Jem monastery. Polycrystalline vessels, allegedly used by ancient Vulcans to preserve katras. They were scanned, analyzed. One of the scientists even attempted to meld with them. They found nothing to indicate the presence of a katra. Do you really believe you possess the living spirit of Surak inside you? A man who died eighteen hundred years ago? There is a logical explanation. Syrran melded with you before he died. What you're experiencing is the residue of his thoughts. I wouldn't characterise it quite that way, but essentially. You have no basis for comparison. You've never undergone a mind-meld before. Syrran spent a great deal of time here. That may not be possible. [Bridge] I'm considering our options. She's joined a violent cult. She's not okay. You sound convinced. You must decline. You'd do this by force? Captain. Captain. His breathing has stabilised, but his fever is still high. If he hadn't, you would have forced him. You claim that Surak's teachings have been corrupted by the High Command, but you're no different. You deceive yourself. I shouldn't have come here looking for you, and I don't want anything more to do with you. More than three hours. You should rest. (he sees a tunnel in the rocks and goes towards it) What's a Kir'Shara? I'm staying. There's no inscription, nothing to indicate his bloodline. How do you know his name? I'm fine. Captain. (They find a body, and a survivor of the bombardment.) It's all right. We found the Kir'Shara. (close to tears) I don't understand. Mother. Mother. (T'Pol cries.) [Ready room]
