Commander Riker, Lieutenant Yar. Location Engineering. Ten people here, sir, all frozen. No vital signs. It looks like someone has been playing with the environmental controls, sir. Just let all the heat bleed away into space. [Tsiolkovsky Crew Quarters] (Another group of frozen people just lounging about. Some are in a state of undress) (lilting) Captain Picard. I'm in my quarters, and I'm pretty busy right at the moment, Jean-Luc.
They've insisted on using their own transporter device, sir. They have, sir, precisely, and they're standing by for your signal. My duty, Lutan. I'm sorry, but I'm required to Nothing concealed, Captain. Would you care to accept it? I'd like to do it, sir. As a sign of respect, perhaps. This way, please. [Holodeck] (Tasha enters a command on a control, and puts on the robe it creates) Aikido one. (a mat and a white clothed figure appear) It won't move until my actions activate it. It's not a real person, Lutan. It has no life. Everything it does is controlled by computer. Who am I? Do you hear me? (It only moves when she feints an attack) But it will feel real when it hits you. (She demonstrates a couple of throws) Aikido, vanish. I could create two, even three, but really one is enough. As you fight with it, it learns, and before long it knows exactly how to defeat you. It forces us to keep improving. Fine, Captain but they're showing some signs of wear. Captain. Deanna. No, sir. Nothing, sir. Yes, of course it made me feel good when he. Troi, I'm your friend and you tricked me. I know I can win. Not that I'd take her life, of course, but I'd be glad to embarrass her. The idea of accusing me of taking (Picard enters) Which means they desperately need the vaccine, sir. And I know I can win this challenge. I think you should know that there is no physical training anywhere that matches Starfleet, especially its security people. Yareena, my acceptance had nothing to do with Lutan. Impossible, Yareena. I am a career Starfleet officer. I fight for the vaccine, That's the truth. In my world, it's a greater honour to refuse She won't budge. She loves him, without reservation. And she thinks I love him too. Of course I don't, Data. As Troi pointed out to me, I'm attracted to him but that is entirely different. I judge it excellent, sir. (Hagon enters, followed by two guards carrying boxes) These I understand. (Through the window they see Yareena practising on a multi-level surface, with the metal poles in it. Four lights soar to the sky) First Officer's log, supplemental. Captain Picard, faced with a critical need for a vaccine produced on this planet, has permitted Lieutenant Natasha Yar to engage in a fight to the death. I have yet to understand his reasoning or his plan. [Bridge] (Wesley enters, shyly) Any last minute instructions, sir? We're too late. She's growing cold. Oh no. No. [Centreplace] How so sad for you. You've lost everything. It's such a waste. No. There would be complications.
Lieutenant Yar to Commander Riker, your presence is requested in Transporter room one.
What is it? You're telling me that's a kitty-cat? You darling, what are you doing here? [Tunnel] (Then she's back on her home planet, and a rape gang is after her) Now, run. This isn't a safe place at all. (Someone puts a hand on her shoulder) [Bridge] (Tasha jumps) I was, I was. This is crazy. I was at the colony where I grew up, being chased by a rape gang Plus some genuine fear, Captain. You can't notice what's happening outside without feeling some of that.
Excuse the interruption, Captain, but this may be worth it. We're now receiving a signal from the probe.
Security to Sensor Maintenance. Right away, sir. [Ready room]
Security. Urgent. Repeating. Enterprise from away team. This is an urgent call for Captain Picard.
Negative, Captain. They've identified their Captain as Bok. DaiMon Bok. Hailing frequencies open, sir. Hailing frequencies closed. Now open, sir. Intruder alert, sir. Hailing frequencies open, sir. (The Ferengi transporter is a curved effect, instead of vertical. Three big-eared little men appear in front of the viewscreen) Excuse, Captain, but the unidentified starship is coming in. Still no signal at all. Do you want the arriving vessel on main viewer, sir? It is only a thousand kilometres away now. No clue who they were? Yar to Enterprise. All clear, sir. (Picard and Crusher beam in) Shields up, sir. No way to beam over any help. You transferred some of his belongings from the Stargazer? Six photon torpedoes short, sir, probably used when the Captain destroyed his Ferengi attackers nine years ago. Otherwise fully armed. (Geordi is examining the globe device from the chest) Hailing frequencies open, sir. Sir, I have the Stargazer. We've lost him, sir.
Shields and deflectors up, sir. Sir! Over here. (It's Q, in a French uniform complete with tricorn hat and tricolor cockade) You've gone too far! I wish I could help you, Captain. Down on some planet. Well, I, er. It sounds strange, but I'm in a penalty box. Q's penalty box. It sounds strange, but it definitely isn't. I know that one more penalty by anyone and I'm gone. Yes! I am gone! It is so frustrating to be controlled like this! What the hell am I doing? Crying? Captain. Oh, if you weren't a captain. Captain, you'd better look at this. There's been no interruption in course or speed. Both have remained constant. It's as though we never stopped. Where's Commander Riker? Sir, the important thing right now is why is Commander Riker missing? Worf, my phaser's gone. Are you armed? What we represent to the Q, Commander, are lowly animals, tormented into performing for their amusement.
If you have the coordinates where you think the hostages are, sir, we could just beam in over there. An alarm trigger or Is he hit?
Bridge to holodeck. We're approaching the Jaradan sector. Not a thing, sir. What do we do now, sir?
Lieutenant Yar to Commander Riker. Sir, this installation is big enough to hold hundreds of people. But all that's here now is empty beds.
Captain, we're receiving an audio signal from Angel One. Hailing frequencies open, sir. They've broken off transmission. What reason could we possibly have to deceive you? Yes. Tricorder doesn't show any listening devices or anything else of a threatening nature. As Mistress Beata is so fond of saying, good question. Certain cultures consider perfume an aphrodisiac. Hiding place? Why are they in hiding? I don't believe this. You're going to put that thing on and parade around like one of them? Well, I got to say, it's kind of sexy. This is Yar. [Beata's quarters] Commander? Set phasers to stun. Lieutenant Yar to Enterprise. Three to beam to the location of that platinum trace, Geordi. Energise. [Hideout] Where are the other survivors, Mister Ramsey? None of which is your concern any longer, Mister Ramsey. Call the others in, please. It's time to leave. [OC]: Yar to Enterprise. Prepare to beam three to our previous location, Geordi. After re-grouping with Commander Riker, we'll return to the ship. [Bridge] I'll inform the Commander. Yar out. One thing before we go. You said you were expecting us. Why? Energise. (The three beam away) Some show of force. The Enterprise could fly on autopilot, but with that virus knocking down our crew, we're going to be in sorry shape if things turn ugly. Haven't you been paying attention, Ramsey? You're scheduled to be executed tomorrow. It must be worse up there than we thought. Is that the civilised word for murder on this world? Which means there's still time for us to do something.
We've been challenged to a friendly game of Parrises Squares by some of the maintenance personnel. Want to join us on the starbase? We can switch off. I can't talk you into coming with us? I think he's pulling your leg. Believe it or not, Worf is developing a sense of humour. Get a Security team together. No, we thought That changes nothing. The Captain and Commander Riker must be in trouble, or they'd be here. It's a pointless discussion, Data. You could have been on the Bridge and it still might have happened. Commander Quinteros, you have three ships in here. We need one of them now. What about the Bynars? Follow me, please.
Director Mandl and the others are in the Observation Lounge as you requested.
What's so interesting about this system? Where is it supposed to be? What a wonderful fairy tale. Aye, sir. (Then a golden planet comes into view) Frequencies open, sir. (A young woman comes on the viewscreen) Shields inoperable, sir. Aldean shield still up. Hailing frequencies open. No response. Not yet, sir. Sir, Radue is hailing us. Frequencies open, sir.
Captain, there's an unauthorised entry in main Shuttlebay. Computer reads the ID number of Jake Kurland. Bridge to main Shuttlebay. Mister Kurland, this is Lieutenant Yar. Respond. I'm locking off the bay launch doors, Captain. He's launching. He's out of transporter range. Visual on main viewer.
Aye, sir. [Brig] (The prisoners are taking elements from their belts, the hooks from their boots and building a gun of some sort. Then Korris uses a metal piece to deactivate the forcefield) [Corridor] There's been an escape. At least one of my security is dead. [Corridor] At that range, one blast and
You gave up your own command to take this assignment? In any war, natural disaster, even the most virulent plague, there are always survivors. Weapons systems? Commander, I recommend a minimum complement. We'll keep the first landing party small and mobile, until I'm confident that whatever killed the inhabitants of this planet isn't still down there. Tritanium. It's been melted. I don't know. Whatever it was, it's beyond our technology. Wow. (Data takes the moss from a big ray gun) It's undamaged. Maybe. Let's spread out a little. [Bridge] Commander! (Tasha destroys it with her phaser but the field remains) [Bridge] He can't answer you, Captain. That sooner or later someone or something will be along to collect him. [Bridge] Data's figured out what it is. Probably developed here. If it's found out, it encases the subject to await a more detailed interrogation later. This one is different. It's anticipating. Data, I need you. Set your phaser on kill. I'll lead left, you get it. (It takes both phasers to destroy it) Captain? Doctor Crusher? Enterprise, this is Lieutenant Yar. Mine's out too. Keep on working. I'll look for the Captain and Doctor Crusher. [Cavern] Data, I can't find them. Good. Now Geordi can get us out of here. Come on. The Captain and Doctor Crusher can't be far away. [Bridge] Maybe you should wait here while Data and I search for the Captain and Doctor Crusher. We'll do it just like before. (But there's a difference) It's got a deflector shield. We'll concentrate our fire and try to collapse its shield. Commander, we'll need you too. (It drops it's shield to fire at them) Now! (Three phasers and it takes some time for it to go boom) You're right, they keep getting better. Well this one took everything we had. I don't know how we'll handle the next one. If Data's calculations are correct, the next one should show itself in two minutes. We know, Captain. I'm surprised either of them survived. Data, you may be sturdy, but you're not indestructible. We'd better find a defensive position. If Data's right We're going to have company any minute now, and this time I don't know how we're going to stop it. Ship's log, supplemental. Lieutenant La Forge in command of the star drive section. After separating from the saucer, we have returned to Minos to rescue the away team. Unfortunately, I have only one option left, and it's a long shot. [Battle Bridge] We could split up. Confuse it, delay it. Something. It might give one of us long enough to get out of range. Forget I said it. These devices wiped out an entire planet. I don't think it has a range. On the other hand, we could look for deeper cover. None. [Cavern]
Confirm. I will be if you'll meet me on the holodeck later. I need your help on the Mishiama wrist-lock and break. If it works on you, I can use it on anyone. Science Officer Swenson. I'm more concerned with Lieutenant Minnerly's kick boxing. You bet on me? I can't, sir. We're receiving audio only. Aye, sir. No idea. We'll go around, just to be on the safe side. (The slick moves to stay between them and the shuttle) Let's try the other way. (It moves again) We're not going without our shuttle crew. Enough! We have people who need attention. We won't hurt you, but we must help them. (Armus lets lose a bolt of energy which sends Tasha flying a long way. Riker and Data's phasers have no effect on Armus) Hello, my friends. You are here now watching this image of me because I have died. It probably happened while I was on duty, and quickly, which is what I expected. Never forget I died doing exactly what I chose to do. What I want you to know is how much I loved my life, and those of you who shared it with me. You are my family. You all know where I came from and what my life was like before. But Starfleet took that frightened, angry young girl and tempered her. I have been blessed with your friendship and your love. Will Riker, you are the best. You trusted me, you encouraged me, and most of all you made me laugh. Deanna, you are capable of so much love. You taught me without ever having to say a word. I realised I could be feminine without losing anything. Ah, Worf. We are so much alike, you and I. Both warriors, orphans who found ourselves this family. I hope I met death with my eyes wide open. Beverly. Your fierce devotion comes from within. It can't be diminished. From you, I have learned to strive for excellence, no matter what the personal cost. Wesley, I'm sorry I won't be able to see you grow into the exceptional man you'll be. But your kindness and innocence are ageless. Geordi, in those moments I felt the most despair, you took my hand and helped me to see things differently. You taught me to look beyond the moment. My friend Data. You see things with the wonder of a child, and that makes you more human than any of us. Captain Jean-Luc Picard. I wish I could say you've been like a father to me, but I've never had one, so I don't know what it feels like. But if there was someone in this universe I could choose to be like, someone who I would want to make proud of me, it's you. You who have the heart of an explorer and the soul of a poet. So, you'll understand when I say, death is that state in which one exists only in the memory of others. Which is why it is not an end. No goodbyes. Just good memories. Hailing frequencies closed, sir.
Hailing frequencies open. Too much interference. The visual transmission is still breaking up. Captain, the tractor beam is available, if you want it. The solar flares are interfering with the tractor beam, Captain. I can't lock on. Yes. Captain, I strongly recommend against anyone from this ship beaming over. The solar interference is too great. I can't maintain a positive lock. [Bridge] Have them go to their own transporter room. It will be tricky, but perhaps I can link the two transporters in series and get them over with the increased power. I'm going to interconnect them. Hurry! We're running out of time. I don't think they're going to make it. Worf, how much time do we have? Captain T'Jon, are you there? Great. Activate your transporter. Set coordinates nine seven zero three mark two six eight. Mark two six eight! Then all six of you, get on the transporter platform. On my signal, energise. I've got their initial transporter signal. Interlock complete. Energise on my mark. Four, three, two, one, energise. (A big barrel arrives, no people) Aye, sir. Trying, sir. [Bridge] Reading six life forms, but I can't get a solid lock. The lock didn't hold. It's too late. [Bridge] (The freighter goes bang) Stop this. Now! Behave yourselves, gentlemen. (Security arrive) Escort our visitors to the observation lounge. (They leave) A natural electrical charge? Yes, and a difficult weapon to confiscate. [Corridor] Neither have I. I wonder how it evolved? Could be. I wonder how much power our guests can produce? That's an interesting ability. The question is, how do I defend against it? I don't know. But if they do, I'd better be ready for it. They're waiting for you in the observation lounge, sir. Captain, I'm receiving a call from Ornara. The signal is ragged, but I think I can put it on the viewscreen. Wesley, no one wants to become dependent. That happens later. On my home planet, there was so much poverty and violence, that for some the only escape was through drugs. It doesn't, but it makes you think it does. You have to understand, drugs can make you feel good. They make you feel on top of the world. You're happy, sure of yourself, in control. It doesn't feel artificial until the drug wears off. Then you pay the price. Before you know it, you're taking the drug not to feel good, but to keep from feeling bad. All you care about is getting your next dosage. Nothing else matters. Wesley, I hope you never do. Aligned? You'd have to ask the Captain. (Picard, Crusher, Sobi and Langor enter)
We're not going without our shuttle crew. Enough! We have people who need attention. We won't hurt you, but we must help them. (Armus lets lose a bolt of energy which sends Tasha flying a long way. Riker and Data's phasers have no effect on Armus) Aye, sir. [Batris Corridor] Too much interference. You have to get farther away from the Engineering section. [Bridge]
This is Lieutenant Yar, sir. Captain Garrett is dead. [War room]
Captain? [Past - Shuttlecraft] (We're back to season one now) Yar to Captain Picard. I have Commander Riker for you, sir.
