They've activated a security alert. Secure the door like I showed you. [Bridge] Everyone on the transporter pad now. Maybe you'd rather stay here. [Bridge] Of course not. They're still trying to figure out what happened. A little. It's nothing. I said it's nothing! You're worse than that Talaxian. Maybe we should give them some. (Kes beams Resh aboard.) You didn't think I'd let a little accident stop me, do you? The host body you were expecting is dead. Fortunately a young nurse was with me at the right time, and she's provided me with a very suitable replacement. Oh, I'm sure you are, at least for your own ambitions. I want you to advance my troops to the northern ridge. Are you questioning my orders? I've been exploring the mind of this little girl and I've discovered some rather interesting abilities. (Resh starts to choke.) She had barely begun to tap into them. It's a good thing I came along, so all that wasted potential could be turned to a greater purpose. Now, should I continue the demonstration, or do I have your loyalty? Ah, the venerated Autarch. I've been looking forward to meeting you for a long time. (Tieran kills the Autarch.) Where's his brother? Get him out of here. Lock him up! He's going to be a problem but we'll have to deal with him at another time. Give me the talisman. (Adin takes a metal collar from the neck of the Autarch.) This was stolen from me two hundred years ago, and I've dedicated every moment since to putting it back where it belongs. I want you to pay a visit to my supporters in Yaro province. Give them all new titles, whatever I promised. And of course, I couldn't overlook your faithful service. I think the title First Castellan suits you very well. I feel like I've finally come home again. The trouble is I left it. My portrait should be hanging here. As for the rest of this nonsense, it's nothing more than a useless display of wealth. As if the First Autarch needs to impress anyone. I want it all cleared out of here. Everything should look as it did during my reign! (Except for a vase of flowers and foliage. Tieran brings one of the flowers to Nori.) I trust you'll take care of all that. And we'll need some new servants, too. What is it? You don't look happy. Forgive me, I haven't considered how unsettling this must be for you. Don't worry. You know how much I depend on you. Your loyalty and encouragement have helped make this victory possible. I'll share everything with you, just as I always promised. (Tieran leans into kiss Nori.) Now I'm afraid I have business to attend to. Leave him here. Everyone else is dismissed. Ameron, you and I haven't had a chance to get acquainted. I'm Tieran. I like the way you say that. You and I didn't get off to a very good start, did we? I shouldn't have let you watch that, I'm sorry. But his death was necessary to make room for his successor. How many times have people said the very same thing to you? It must have been hard to hear, every day, the constant reminder that your brother is destined to be ruler just because he was lucky enough to be born first. I don't think that's fair, do you? Doesn't have to be. It can change. Demmas is off hiding on some alien ship and you're here, with me. I'm sure it's an opportunity you've always dreamed of, to prove that you're really the natural leader and not just a weak copy of your father. Now you can have that chance, if you're willing to take it. We have so much to offer each other. Your heritage would help solidify my claim and in return I could give you power. Real power to control the lives of millions of people. To reward your friends, punish your enemies. Everything you want can be yours for the asking. Everything. (Tieran drapes herself over Ameron's shoulders.) That's all in the past. You should be thinking about the future. Would you rather be a martyr to your brother's cause, or rule by my side? Captain's log, supplemental. Demmas has decided to remain on board Voyager for the time being, but continues to monitor the worsening situation on Ilari. [Ready room] Do something about these headaches while you're at it. They make it difficult to concentrate. She's been resisting me all right. I can feel her in the back of my mind somewhere like a trapped animal, rattling her cage. She's a lot of spirit. It's invigorating. No! I like this one. Particularly the unique mental abilities that come with it. Do you really think a child like this poses any threat to me? I've been fighting worse battles since the day I was born. When the doctor said I wouldn't live past my first year I proved them wrong. Even when my parents thought I was too sickly to be worth caring for, I survived on the streets. Even when my own ungrateful subjects forced me into exile I refused to accept defeat. I certainly won't surrender to this little girl! You will not suggest it again. (Later, Tieran' council is in session.) Not on the basis of an unsubstantiated rumour. Let him come to us. We'll be ready. When did corruption become so commonplace? My people are crying out for moral leadership. I should make an example out of this Viceroy. There's someone. There's a familiar presence in this room. Not any of you. Someone from this body's previous life. Someone she knew well. Seal the room! We have an uninvited guest. Someone very good at concealing himself and his thoughts. A disciplined, logical mind. (Tieran raises the guard's veils to see their faces.) You've made it this far without being detected, but you didn't realise how much more perceptive I've become. Typical Vulcan arrogance. It's touching really, your concern for the life of your little student, risking yourself in a hopeless effort to save her. (Disguised Tuvok steps out from behind a pillar and puts the synaptic stimulator on Kes' cheek.) Yes, I'm fine, and still perfectly in control of this body, but my compliments on your clever medical technology. She's so protective of me. But I think Voyager's tactical officer might be more useful to me alive. You'd be surprised how often I've heard that. [Detention cell] Who helped you get past my security? Who betrayed me? What will Janeway do when you don't come back? Send someone else? Join Demmas in an assault? She must have discussed alternate strategies with you before you came on this mission. I suppose I could threaten you, or torture you, but I doubt that would make any difference. Fortunately I have other options now. With these new abilities, it's a simple matter to reach into someone's mind. With some people it's effortless. Others require a little more work. (Tieran reaches for Tuvok's face, and he grabs her wrists.) Do you really think you can keep me away from your innermost thoughts? Your fears and insecurities? Your feelings? I sense an embarrassment at being captured, worry about how strong I really am, and of course there's anger. That's the emotion that really threatens your control. So you try even harder to hide from me. I feel those mental barriers going up. Do you notice that it doesn't seem to be working? As if someone were disrupting your ability to concentrate. [telepathically] It's a helpless feeling, isn't it. [telepathically] Not break you, free you from all that repression. All you have to do is let go. I can help you release your own strength, and give you what you've always secretly desired. [telepathically] All those hours you spent alone together, all those intimate moments touching each other's minds, you've never even wondered what it might be like? (Tieran kisses Kes, and Tuvok initiates a mind-meld.) No! (Tieran pushes Tuvok against the rock wall, knocking him out.) Captain's log, stardate 50361.7. Lieutenant Tuvok hasn't reported for our scheduled rendezvous and we've been unable to contact him. We're now considering other, more forceful, options. [Briefing room] Send two of my warships to intercept Voyager. If you can't do anything about this pain, then leave me alone. No, she's there when I sleep. Kes! Who else. Let them go. I told them they could go, and I keep my word. I don't have to explain myself to you. Get out! Everyone! Clear the room now!  [Inside Kes's head] What are you doing? I told you not to say that ever again! As you can see, I'm in full command of my faculties. This momentary lapse will pass and I'll be stronger than ever! Stronger than ever! Stronger than ever. Stronger than. (Later, Tieran hands out goblets to her council.) My friends, we have much to celebrate tonight. Our recent victory, the consolidation of power among those who are loyal to us, and the fact that Ilari is poised on the bring of what will be it's greatest era of prosperity. But there's another occasion that's cause for celebration. One that is perhaps the most joyous of all. I'd like to present my husband to be. (Ameron enters and Tieran kisses him.) (to Nori) Don't be upset, it's only a political alliance. Ameron will help bring the support of Demmas's troops. Ah, tell me you still love me. Ameron! And Nori. You have both been essential to my success, and I want you to be close friends. I want us all to be very, very close. Ah, Nori, don't make me doubt your loyalty. I'm not listening to you! I assume our ships are moving to intercept them? I've always fought against the odds. My fleet will defeat them. This is a celebration to announce my marriage. I won't allow Demmas to make me run like some frightened animal. Join us. Food and drink for my First Castellan. I told you to join us. Drink! Eat! I want all of you to enjoy yourselves. My charitable projects, how are they progressing? When do we break ground for the new library? Good. I want my people to know I have their welfare at heart. Tomorrow we'll send out an edict. Every citizen must have a garden. I love plants, flowers, anything that grows. Some of the times I felt most content were those spent watching the seedlings grow in the airponics (The building shakes.) That's impossible! You're lying! Anyone who tries to leave this room will be shot as a traitor. This has to be a trick, a ruse of some kind. That's what they're doing, they're creating a distraction to draw my attention away from their real plan. They must have sent an infiltrator. We have an intruder! I know you're here somewhere, Tuvok, you don't realise how perceptive I've become. I know you're here! [Detention cell] Still here.
