(human-Klingon woman) A fuel line has ruptured. Attempting to compensate. Damn it! We're barely maintaining impulse. I can't get any more out of it. How am I supposed to be creative with a thirty nine year old rebuilt engine? Take the weapons offline. We'll transfer all power to the engines. What does it matter? We're not making a dent in their shields anyway! You wanted creative. We'll find out. No! (She leaps off the bed, pushes the doctor away and tries to force open the door. The nurse summons help as Torres beats up the doctor. Two medics enter and hold her as the doctor gives her a hypo to knock her out again.) Captain's log, stardate 48315.6. We've traced the energy pulses from the array to the fifth planet of the neighbouring system and believe they may have been used in some fashion to transport Kim and Torres to the planet's surface.  [Ready room] Who are you? What was Starfleet doing at that array? You mean you were trying to capture us. I don't find this at all amusing, Starfleet. What are they doing to us? What are these things growing on us? You're right, Starfleet. It's the Klingon half of me. It's just it's hard to control it sometimes. B'Elanna. B'Elanna Torres. (The door opens.) Why are you holding us here? But before that, you lived on the surface? Does the Caretaker provide your meals too? Their protection? We weren't sick until we met your Caretaker. There have been others? Like us? Where are they? What makes you think any of them are still alive? (Torres winces.) No. Are you watching us? I thought we weren't supposed to be your prisoners. What do you say? Can you get us tools to dig with? Come on. Don't let it beat you, Starfleet. Come on. All right. It's all right. We'll rest a minute. Trust me, it's more trouble than it's worth. We're not finished yet. I know a few things that old Sneezy didn't teach in his survival course. Commander Zakarian, remember? He must have been allergic to everything. Actually made it into the second year before we, er, we mutually agreed that it wasn't the place for me. Shush. Listen. They're getting faster. (The pulses are almost constant.)  [Ocampa settlement] (The group are going up an escalator when the pulses stop.) Neither of us has enough fire power to stop that ship. What do you think you're doing? That Array is the only way we have to get back home. What other way home is there? Who is she to be making these decisions for all of us?
I was thinking we could remodulate a tractor beam to match  [Engineering] Exactly. Two hours, maybe three.
Engineering is undamaged, Captain. All systems operational. (Paris takes back the helm.) On my way.
It also looks like there's a series of subterranean caves with an oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere. It's hard to get a precise reading. It could be anywhere from five hundred to one thousand metric tonnes. It'll be ready to go in three days. The amount of information this thing can gather puts a tricorder to shame. You fire this at someone, you learn everything about their anatomy, right down to their DNA sequencing. Compensate with the KLS stabiliser. Some kind of power drain. I can't localise it but we're losing power at the rate of  [Bridge] TORRES No effect, Captain.
Torres to Bridge. I'm not sure, Captain. They seem to be drawing it right through the shield grid along the hull. Acknowledged. Accelerating deuterium to rear thrusters. Captain [Engineering]
Torres here. [Transporter room]
I'm with you. Blowing out the dorsal phase emitters. Torres to Engineering. Vent a couple of LN2 exhaust conduits along the dorsal emitters. Make it look like we're in serious trouble. Engines off-line.
I'd say we're safe for another two hours. Aye, Captain.
Torres here. Aye Captain. [Engineering] Just now, Captain. It's only a slight variance, I'll have it fixed in a minute.
Yes, Captain. We're finished, Captain. Decontamination went exactly as planned. The console has been transported to Engineering, and we're on our way back now.
Right. It broke through the sample container. Captain, it's showing the properties of a life form.
Torres to Janeway. Captain, can you come down to Engineering? There's something here I think you should see. Torres to Bridge. Captain [Engineering]
Tom? Tom, wake up. (This one is fully human - no forehead ridges at all.) Yeah, it's me. I remember them grabbing us outside the caves and then I, I guess I just blacked out. The next thing I knew, they were waking me up in some kind of laboratory. I was so groggy I couldn't see. I asked them what they had done to me and then one of them said that they had completely extracted my Klingon DNA. I feel so weak, sick to my stomach. So strange. When I was a child, I did everything I could to hide my forehead. Hats, scarves, you name it. I grew up on a colony on Kessik Four. My mother and I were the only Klingons there, and that was a time when relations between the Homeworld and the Federation weren't too cordial. Nobody ever said anything, but we were different and I didn't like that feeling. Then my father left when I was five years old. One day he was there and the next he wasn't. I cried myself to sleep every night for months. Of course I never told anybody. And then I finally decided that he'd left because I look like a Klingon. And so I tried to look human. Maybe if they think I'm too weak they'll leave me behind. I could try to get my hands on that console over there. Tom, don't. They'll kill you. (The guard pulls out his weapon cum scanner cum organ harvester.) Tom, I've been thinking. When they did this thing to me, I think it changed more than just the way I look. Back there, when they took Durst away, I was terrified. You don't understand. I've been in worse situations but I've never felt like that before. Never. I mean, my heart was pounding and my hands were shaking. I didn't even try to help you. No, that's not it. I think that when they extracted my Klingon DNA, they turned me into some kind of a coward. That's okay, Tom. Maybe if I'm there I can try to make contact with the ship. [Transporter Room] Which one? A human female? [Barracks] (The guard walks over to the resting Torres, then the door opens.) Where are you taking me? No, please. (They drag Torres away, then B'Elanna attacks. The two Vidiians are easily disposed of. B'Elanna bends down to pick up a weapon and looks at Torres. She holds out her hand and helps her up. Then Torres faints, and B'Elanna carries her off over her shoulder.) [Cave] (The Klingon has lit a fire and is cooking something stuck onto the end of a sharpened stick.) What is it? No, thanks. How are we supposed to escape this place? There are guards everywhere. Maybe you haven't noticed, but I'm not exactly in fighting form. Apparently. I was looking for a way to escape. That's the way you respond every situation, isn't it? If it doesn't work, hit it. If it's in your way, knock it down. No wonder I got kicked out of the Academy. Well, I'm not! Your temper has gotten me into trouble more times that I can. Listen to me. Listen to us. This is ridiculous. Do you realise we're each fighting with our self. I don't know that I can get out of here with you. Brute force isn't going to do it. There you go again. Out of control. Just leaping into action before you think things through. No, wait a minute, that's not what I meant. I'm sorry. Please. Just before you rescued me, I logged onto the Vidiian's computer system. I only had a few seconds, but I think I found a way to access the force field that's cloaking this place. With a few minutes more I could have deactivated it. It may not be as exciting as fighting our way out, but it stands a much better chance of working, if I have your help. I can't get back to that computer without you. And you'll have to cover for me while I work. I have to bypass the security code so I can access the force field grid. Then I'll have a better idea of what we're dealing with. That should do it. There! That's what we're up against, and I think we're here. I'm working on it. (An alarm goes off.) If they didn't know we were here before, they do now. Take it easy. I'll be done in a minute. Maybe I just don't have time to think about it. (A guard enters. B'Elanna shoots him but he manages to get a shot at her too.) Are you hurt? I think I've just about accessed the forcefield. Got it! There! [Bridge] Beam her to Sickbay! Wait a minute. You're not saying that you're going to change me back? So she's saving my life again. I'm not sure. It's been a pretty strange experience. I do know that right now, the way I am, I'm more at peace with myself than I've ever been before. And that's a good feeling. I'm incomplete. It doesn't feel like me. I guess I've had someone else living inside of me for too long to feel right without her. I know. I came to admire a lot of things about her. Her strength, her bravery. I guess I just have to accept the fact that I'll spend the rest of my life fighting with her. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Engineering to Bridge. We're ready to begin transporter pre-sequencing, Captain.
Torres here, Captain. Understood. [Cargo Bay] Torres here. I suppose we could infuse the gel pack [Engineering] Aye, Captain. Aye, Captain, but be prepared. It might blow out some of the conduits.
Torres to bridge, can you hear me? Are you all right, Captain? I've got communications back online and I think I can re-activate the warp core, but it'll mean recrystallising the entire dilithium matrix. Aye, Captain. Torres out.
Aye, Captain. Acknowledged.
The anomaly is sending out heavy subspace distortions. I can't get a positive lock on him. I'll try. We've got him, Captain.
Torres here. Acknowledged. Torres out.
Torres here. We're ready, Captain. Torres to Janeway. We're finished, Captain, but we didn't find any malfunctions. Aye, Captain. [Kitchen] Torres to the Captain. We're having problems down here. [Engineering] You can try remodulating [Engineering]
Torres to Bridge. We're in luck, Captain. [Engineering] On my way. The fusion [Engineering]
Stand by.  [Engineering]
The dampening field is disrupting [Transporter room] A little more than [Transporter room]
There's a control circuit there. I can see it. (shock) If only we knew that Neelix made it back to the ship with the tellerium, then at least this would be worth it. We don't even know what happened to the Captain. She might have been killed out there on the street. I guess that's the Vulcan way of telling me to hope for the best. [Caylem's home] (A single room. Caylem is singing to himself near the doorway when Janeway wakes. Her neck wound has a green plaster on it.) We told you already. We don't know anything about the Resistance. I told you I don't. (Torres stops herself from hitting Augris, who leaves.) I'm sorry. I guess I always assumed that Vulcans didn't feel pain like the rest of us. That you were able to block it out somehow. Until I heard. Was that you I heard? How can you say that so calmly? You must feel some anger at what they did to you, some desire to fight back. Captain, what are you doing?
It's extraordinary. It's losing power. I'd like to move it to Engineering to see if I can repair it before it drains completely. Captain, this thing has a completely unfamiliar power source. Once it stops working it's very possible I won't be able to get it going again, and we'll have lost an opportunity to study a new technology. The power's surging. If we can't find a way to stabilise it, we're going to lose it. Well, the energy signatures are incompatible, but it might buy us some time. Okay, let's give it a try. Two second burst, five percent maximum output. On my mark. Now. We're losing it. Let's try a longer burst at lower power. Now. I think it's working. EPS flow is holding steady. EM field leakage is minimal. Let's try to keep it below eighty five percent. Let's reinforce the power conduit coupling just to be on the safe side. (The object zooms in on a monitor to reveal that it is a silver robot. After the opening titles, we're back to colour and normal viewpoint.) It's suffered a lot of damage, but I think the EPS charge will keep it running for at least eighteen hours. This looks like some kind of programming centre. It's got arms, legs, we saw it move it's head. It's clearly designed to perform motor functions. So where did those commands come from? Speaking of sources, this energy module seems to be what powers the entire mechanism. It isn't designed to run on EPS energy, it runs on some kind of super-conducting plasma. If we keep charging it, we may end up destroying it. (The robot starts making stacatto noises.) It's trying to communicate. What are you trying to say? What's Pralor? If you can hear me, try to move, try to move your arm. (Torres waves her own arm in front of its eyes.) We've got to figure out a way to fix it. You go ahead. I could use some time alone to think. Get some rest, Harry. Don't make me laugh, Starfleet. And don't make me pull rank on you either. Just coffee. You're cutting me off? Oh, I guess you're right. It was starting to taste almost palatable. All I've been able to do is postpone the inevitable. The constant power depletion is like a bleeding artery, and I haven't got a tourniquet. Let me guess. Leola root. Salt? That is a very interesting story, Neelix. Now how about some more coffee. I'm going. I'm going. [Engineering] (Engineering is deserted. Torres goes to the robot, which is lying on a bench by the warp core, and knocks on its head.) Anybody home? What's that? You think I should go to bed too? Well, I guess I'm outnumbered. (Torres goes to bed, but doesn't lie there long.) [Sickbay] This is what I sleep in. I didn't have time to change. An engineering problem actually, but I thought you might have Not an engineer, right, but this isn't a typical engineering problem. I've been working on trying to repair a robot. He's about to die. Die, stop functioning, whatever, unless I can figure out a way to sustain his main energy source. It's some sort of chromo-dynamic module powered by a tripolymer plasma, but the plasma is contaminated. It's decaying. Right. It can't retain enough energy to keep the module running. You mean replacing the plasma itself? Well, that was one of my first ideas, but where do I get my hands on a polymer plasma composed of elements I didn't even know existed twenty four hours ago? It's, it's a very different substance. Too highly charged. It would burn out the robot's systems in seconds. It would be like trying to give a Bolian a blood transfusion from a Vulcan. It's a good idea, but warp plasma radiates at too high a frequency to alter electrochemically. Unless. I could modify a series of anodyne relays, attach them directly to the robots power module. They could act as a sort of regulator to make the warp plasma compatible with the robot's energy matrix. (Torres leaves.) Activating the relays. All right, Harry, start the infusion. Twenty percent nominal flow. Energy levels are up fourteen percent. Harry, give it a little more juice. Wait, the energy levels are rising too fast. We're going to burn out it's systems. Let's give it a try. It's stabilising. Hold the flow right there. Let's see what happens. The plasma is circulating. The programming centre is activated. I think we may have done it. (The robot takes hold of Torres' arm.) I'm Lieutenant B'Elanna Torres of the Federation Starship Voyager. Automated Personnel Unit 3947 is an extremely well designed machine. So how did you end up floating in space so badly damaged? Do you know what caused the explosion? Do you remember where you come from? Well, we'll do our best to find your ship and return you to your people. I'm hoping that the memory loss is only temporary. Once the new plasma has the chance to fully integrate into your systems, I think you'll be pretty close to optimal. Yes, I adapted your module to accept our warp plasma as an energy source. A builder? Well, I guess you could say that. I'm an engineer. I'm responsible for repairing and maintaining all the systems on the ship. The Builders are the people who created you? And they're humanoids like me? You don't need a new module. The one I just fixed will work fine now. Can't the Builders make additional units? Now they're wearing out, breaking down. They've learnt to make repairs to themselves, some pretty complex, but the construction of a power module, the device that sustains them, is beyond their grasp. It's an incredible challenge, Captain, but with enough time to study their systems, I might be able to do it. They've expressed a desire to procreate. That's basic to any life form. Are you sure? Suppose they were organic but they had become sterile, and we had a treatment that would enable them to start reproducing again. Would you withhold that treatment? What's the difference? To correct a flaw. I'm trying to save them from extinction. So you're just willing to let their entire society die off. Some day could be too late. There are only a few hundred of them left. Captain! She's following our Prime Directive. It forbids us to interfere in the natural development of other cultures. Captain Janeway doesn't think that's a good idea. Maybe. I don't know. I'd like to try, but I can't. So did I. We've located your ship. We should be in communications range in about an hour. And you'll have to remodulate the anodyne relays periodically. I'm just making sure. Well, I guess this is goodbye. (Torres holds out her hand. 3947 takes it and then there is a whirring sound.) What are you doing? (Energy flows over Torres, and she collapses into 3947's arms. It then zaps the transporter operator.) [Bridge] What the hell is going on here? I told you I can't help you. Now return me to my ship. Torres to Voyager. I helped you. I reactivated you. Why are you doing this? Captain Janeway won't let you get away with this. They're helpless. Can't you see that? We are not your enemies. Captain Janeway backed me when I wanted to reactivate you, over the objections of her Chief Security officer. You wouldn't even be here if it weren't for her. All right, if that's what it will take to stop this, I'll do it. I'll build your damned prototype! [Bridge] Proceed. Right. But the question is, where do I proceed from? Let me ask you this. Have any of you ever tried to build a prototype. What was the problem? And you're sure you reproduced the module exactly? Well, let's see. We've been working for about five minutes so I guess we don't have a lot of progress to report. Why? We don't seem to be any match for you. I don't know if a promise means anything to you people but it does to us. I gave you my word that I'd do my best, and I will. Thank you. But I have to tell you there are no guarantees here. Building a prototype from scratch is a lot different than repairing a broken power module. I don't even know if it's possible. I don't need to be threatened. I told you I'd do my best. Let me see one of those terminated power modules. [Briefing room] The automated units are modular. Your parts are identical, interchangeable, right? So if you lose an arm you can replace it with another one, and over the years you've learnt to make new arms because they're all the same and your programming is sophisticated enough to allow you to reproduce what you see. But each power module has a slightly different energy signature, so even if you copy this guy's module exactly it wouldn't work in any other unit. As far as I can tell, every automated unit has a power module with a unique energy code. I don't think so. Hey, do all you automated units give up the minute you hit a bump in the road? What we've got to do is design a standardised module with a uniform energy code that can power any unit. You took the words right out of my mouth. [Bridge] If this works, will you be in charge of assembling the new units? Sounds like you just volunteered for new duty. I hope you're watching closely. Well, once we have the prototype, all you'd have to do is copy it. Tell me something, thirty nine. Can I call you thirty nine? Fine. 3947. Did you wake up on a bench like this one? How long have you been alive? Tell me something more about these Builders. Were they anything like us? Well. I asked about your culture, only fair you should ask about mine. As a matter of fact, it does. Well, they come different shapes, and sizes. Some have limbs, some don't. Most don't have your cognitive abilities. I guess, you could say that the robots we use are servants in a manner of speaking. But they aren't sentient like you. In fact, we have only one sentient artificial life form in our society, and he is treated the same as any human. That's right. He works on a ship just like you or I. He wears the same uniform I do. He has a name like the rest of us. Data. Ah, looks like this standardised power module is working pretty well so far. Don't send me flowers yet. I've still got to see whether it will power an actual unit. Well, it fits. Cross your fingers. So far so good. Let's hope it can interface with the unit. (The unit tries to sit up, then fall back.) It does not function correctly yet. Your builders should have programmed you with a little more patience. I'm going to try adjusting the flux capacitance. (The unit sits up.) We did it. We actually did it! I am congratulating you. You're a father! [Bridge] (The new arrival flies past Voyager and starts attacking the Pralor vessel.) Robots from another world? Why are they attacking you? The Cravic Builders, the Pralor Builders, were they enemies? Look, maybe Captain Janeway can contact the Cravic leaders and convince them to stop the fighting, then Why not? Has anyone in all these years ever tried to stop this war? Wait a minute. If both sides called a truce, then why didn't they stop you from fighting? And? The individual energy codes. Is that why the builders added them? To prevent the procreation of these units? My god, what have I done? (She picks up a tool from a bench.) Yes, I have. Never. I never wanted to be your enemy. I'm sorry. (Torres is beamed away.) [Shuttlecraft] Mmm. I never thought Neelix's coffee could taste so good. I don't know what to say. Thank you. Difficult? It was necessary. You should have seen it, Captain. It was incredible. I installed that module, and the prototype looked up at me and asked me for programming. It was necessary. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Torres to Janeway. All the men have disappeared.
I'm setting up an emergency transport. One of my people is severely burned.
Okay. Everything looks good on this end. Fire up the new engines. Full power to structural integrity. You've crossed the threshold. You've done it. And there's been no damage to the nacelles. Call Security! (Sounds of phaser fire.)
Lieutenant Tuvok, report to Engineering immediately.
That [Dreadnought] I don't understand it, Captain. [Transporter room] Yes Captain. Captain, don't beam me out. I may not be able to transport back here again. I'm making progress. [Dreadnought] Yes, Captain. Yes, Captain. I'm already in it. I'm using [Dreadnought core] Fine. [Dreadnought]
Torres to Engineering. I need the electrodynamic load specs. They weren't with the other things you sent.
It doesn't sound simple to me. I still have nightmares about what those people did to me. And now, you want to crack open my head, cut out a piece of my brain and give it to her? Not to me, it isn't. I am not going to (Denara enters.) That is an understatement. Of course I, I'd like to help you if I can. I'll go and get changed. [Sickbay] (Working on Denara's real body.)
I think [Engineering] I can't explain it. [Corridor]
We found a vein of pure polyferranide, three kilometres long. It's a real shame we're leaving. When we spoke to them, they were going to check out the outermost moons. That's where Neelix and I went. Our scans of the moon are inconclusive. We can't see anything through the turbulence in the atmosphere. The targeting scanners still can't lock onto anything on the surface. It would be easier if we sent down another shuttle. I'll keep working on it. [Drayan moon] (Night has fallen. Tuvok has lit a fire and is continuing with repairs when Corin comes up to him.) Actually we've found two, both crashed on the surface. The sensor resolution is still quite low. This looks like our shuttle. I'd guess the other one is Drayan. I've been working on the transporters. It just isn't possible to get a pattern lock through all the turbulence.
Then why don't they get themselves out? Understood. Normal. (Garishly painted walls. Lots of acrobats writhing around to slightly merry electronic music.) Neither do I. (They are watched by a figure dressed in mostly grey.) Another town. We want to talk to them. (The man in grey takes their arms.) Let's get out of here. Harry! Harry! (Kim has his hands fastened behind his back, is carried to the guillotine and put in it face down. All the characters think this is hilarious.) Harry! Harry! Harry! Harry! What is going on? Who is he? That's our wake-up call. It's been a real pleasure, but we're leaving. Come on. How is that possible? But none of this is real. Then you'd better let us tell them. Who wished him up? Not unless you're prepared to leave one person in stasis permanently. Oh, he'd notice. He was very smart to reject the whole notion of a simulated brain. It just wouldn't be the same. There is no way an artificial intelligence can replace actual brain functions. I don't know what he could have been talking about. The optronic pathways have nothing to do with the neural interface. It doesn't make any sense. They, they control the basic elements of the environment, access databanks that were programmed when the system was created. If we interrupt the optronic pathways, we could disassemble that entire world and its characters, piece by piece. How did Viorsa manage to communicate this without the Clown knowing about it? I'm not sure how many there are, Captain. And I'll have to do it manually because we don't know how to deprogram the system. Some kind of protection device. I'm locked out. I'll have to disable it. [Fantasy land] (Viorsa is fighting against being put into the guillotine. The EMH tries to help and is pushed away by a character which then vanishes.) Just ten more pathways. (Viorsa is locked into the guillotine and the blade drops.) We're finished here, Captain. The recall subroutine has been activated. Initiating all backup systems. The hostages should regain consciousness in less than ten minutes. [Fantasy land]
Captain, there's a minor glitch in the molecular imaging scanners. Ensign Kim should have it up and running in a few minutes. [Transporter room]  The transporter was functioning normally. Bio-filters, pattern buffers, everything checked out.  Give me the flowers from the Airponics bay. I never thought that botanical science class would come in so handy. (They lock the three plants into a specimen container.) Torres to Transporter room one. [Transporter room] TORRES
 So we're just going to abandon them on this planet? I can't believe we haven't been able to find a cure for an insect bite. You talk as though it were a camping trip. They have to spend the rest of their lives down there.  This diagnostic report looks like it was written by a first-year Academy cadet. There are mistakes. It's incomplete. We've all been distracted, Ensign. That's no excuse. I can't get anything done here. Nobody can concentrate. I'm not feeling so terrific myself, but I don't let that get in the way of my work. How do you think they're taking it? This isn't a Starfleet issue, Harry. It's affecting everyone. Do what? Well, that's all well and good, but frankly, I can't think of anything else we can do. If you have any ideas, I'll listen. Otherwise, I think we should take a deep breath and move on. [Planet surface] (Janeway has let her hair down and changed into a dress. She checks her bug traps. Chakotay returns from the woods in leather jerkin, shirt and jeans.) Sure did. I'm listening.  Torres here, sir. We're ready to eject the antimatter container. [Bridge]  We're ready down here. [Bridge]  Ejecting the antimatter container now. [Sickbay]
Echo displacement. With all due respect, Doctor, we can't even figure out how to project you into this room. How are we supposed to create holographic ships in space?  The molecular variance residual on his shuttle is evidence of disruptor blasts and the signature is Kazon, so at least that part of his story seems to be true.  We're ready down here, Captain. All the new holo-projectors are on-line. We can create three Talaxian ships whenever you want to. You've already done it twice. The defence systems are going to need all the auxiliary power we have, Doctor. Doctor!  Acknowledged. Energising. That's two, and here's number three. (The EMH vanishes from the monitor.) [Space]  We've lost power to the new holodeck grid. I can't restore it. [Bridge]  Yes, Captain. But it looks like our reactant's injector controls were hit. Stand by. [Bridge]  We can't go to warp, Captain. The containment field generator has been damaged. I'm attempting to bypass. [Bridge] Captain. (Cavemen appear from behind some rocks. They turn back to watch Voyager take off. The EMH reappears in Sickbay. Suder is hiding in a ventilation duct.) To Be Continued..... (Later, the crew are walking up into towards a range of hills, with an active volcano on the horizon behind them. Some are carrying pointed sticks. Ensign Wildman is carrying her baby, and staggers briefly. Commander Chakotay walks back to her.) We found a nest about two kilometres away. How do we get them away from the tunnels? I was on the decathlon team before I quit the Academy. The track and field coach was furious with me. Hey! Up here! Up here. You want us? You want us? Come and get us! Come on. Come and get us. (The natives give chase. Janeway, Kim and two crewman run down to the brush fire to clear the entrance.)
What happened? Torres to Voyager. We have a medical emergency. Beam Kes and Neelix directly to sickbay. We aren't going anywhere until we find out what happened to her. What kind of energy was she exposed to? One of our crew has been critically injured. We aren't going to stand by and do nothing. If you prevent us from helping Kes, we will hold you directly responsible for anything that happens to her.
The problem is that on this end, it's jumping from point to point so quickly that even at maximum warp, by the time we got to its next probable location, it would be gone. If we could somehow amplify and polarise that instability, we might be able to get the wormhole to reappear. We've been bombarding the area of the subspace instability with verteron particles. And even if we're lucky enough to get it here, it won't be around for long. We'll have a very short window of opportunity to get through.
Yes, and blow up half your kitchen in the process. Sirillium is far more useful as a warp plasma catalyst. Captain, I recommend we use the Bussard collectors to gather the sirillium. They'll cut through that nebula like ice cream scoops. Tuvok, the Klingon Empire is on the other side of the galaxy.
We've got to go back for Harry and Tom. How do we do that? What about paralithium? It's used as a fuel for some ion based propulsion systems, and it can be converted into trilithium. Captain, I'm picking up residual traces of trilithium. They're faint but they're there. I think we may have found our bomb makers. Aye, Captain. [Conference room]
You've never been there? That sounds wonderful. I can't isolate it. We'll have to check through all of them. Well, I'm sure he would if you asked him. Harry, you got a minute? Good. Then we'll get started first thing in the morning. Actually, getting some rest sounded like a pretty good idea. Why don't you go on without me. (Kim and Jessen leave.) No, really, I insist. [B'Elanna's dream - Bedroom] (A tapping on the bathroom window gets her out of bed. She opens it and a young man climbs in to kiss her.) What took you so long? (She tears his clothes off and they tumble onto the bed.) Shush. [B'Elanna's quarters] What. I guess, I guess I must have slept right through it. Sorry. Yes, of course. I'll be there in a minute. [Corridor] I'll make up the time. It won't happen again. I'm fine. I mean there's nothing wrong. I was only late because I've been having these dreams. They're very intense, that's all. [Engineering] No, just the opposite. They are the most sensual dreams I've ever had in my life. And they feel absolutely real. Nobody you know. Actually, he's nobody I know, either. He's Enaran. No. No. In the dreams, I know him. More than that, I'm in love with him. Oh, but it's not really me in the dream, it's somebody else entirely. In a way, it's liberating. If you say a word about this to anyone Like Dathan? He came up to me on the street. I couldn't help it. What isn't fair is that you treat him like everybody else. He's different. If you'd just talk to him you'd understand that. I'm sure. He's gone. (Dathan comes out from behind the bathroom curtain.) He's leaving for work soon. It's safer to wait. I hope so! (Dathan nuzzles her neck, then Torres becomes alarmed and pushes him away. Dathan's face is burnt. Torres wakes up in fright.) [Chakotay's office] Yes. We'll have to pull some longer shifts, but two more days should do it. Those dreams I've been having, they're getting kind of strange. Last night, in the middle of the dream, I was kissing him, my lover, and suddenly he was dead, burned. But there's more going on than just a love affair. I'm having a relationship with this man, but my father doesn't approve, so we have to sneak around. It's like each new dream advances the story. It feels like it's actually happening! Physically, emotionally, it's no different from real life. I've never had dreams like this before. Exactly. I want to find out more about what these Enarans can do. I'm going to. Right. (Torres walks out and down the corridor, and goes into -) [B'Elanna's dream - Town square] (Jareth is at a podium, addressing a crowd of young people, including Korenna.) What are you doing here? I'm glad you came. I know this award will help me get into the District Education Centre. I could be a junior instructor in less than a year. Maybe you could take the entrance examination too. Nothing is impossible if you want it badly enough. I want us to be together. Oh, I know. What would you do if you could? No, no. There's going to be a big dinner with my father's friends. Tomorrow. (Dathan leaves her to join a line of Enarans walking past guards, and having their IDs scanned. The bell must be a curfew for the lower orders.) What happened? I was dreaming again. Implanted? By the Enarans? No, I was alone every time. I won't have any more of the dreams? If the dreams stop, I'll never know what happens to these people. This woman, Korenna, I feel what she feels, and right now she is torn and confused about her loyalties and I don't know what I'm, she's going to do. I'd like to come with you, Captain. I'd rest a lot better if I had some answers. [Ready room] Are you saying that I'm making this all up? Nothing really happened the way I remember it? I don't know. Those dreams are so real. Maybe he's right. I'll talk to Jessen and Mirell. They've been working with me in Engineering. But This is all voluntary, isn't it? They want to be resettled. If that's the way they want to live, why can't they? They could do that here, in their village. Then it's dangerous to have them living here. But some of them want to stay here. You'll have a new place to live with your own kind. You'll be much happier there. He couldn't be leaving today. I didn't even know that he was. You put his name there, didn't you. To keep him away from me? Computer, locate Jora Mirell. I'll get you to Sickbay. You are Korenna? These are your memories. Why give them to me? Who did? I don't understand. (Mirell grabs Torres and pulls her close.) [B'Elanna's dream - Bedroom] (Korenna is playing the Enaran instrument when she hears tapping at her bathroom window. She lets Dathan in.) My father's home. If he hears you One of your friends made some trouble on the resettlement line today. You were on the list, too. Where were you? You're asking me to abandon my family, my career. It's just a resettlement. There could be a perfectly good reason for that. It's ridiculous! No one is being killed. My father told me about No, my father is a good man. No, I Come in. I was just practising. I've been better. Maybe he thought he had a reason. Maybe he was afraid. Why would they do that? But, what they're saying is so horrible. No. Yes! Yes! Yes! [B'Elanna's dream - Town square a few years later] Because they didn't want to live with the rest of us anymore. The Regressive people had very strange ideas about how to live. They didn't want to learn new things or use any of the new technology that we tried to share with them. They decided to live somewhere else on their own and we let them go. But they couldn't take very good care of themselves. They fought with each other, they spread all kinds of diseases. They destroyed themselves. It was very sad. But we can learn from their mistakes. That's why we keep this gate here, to remind us never to be stubborn and backward like they were. I know you will. (Torres wakes up. Mirell is dead.) [Mess hall] (In orbit of Enara.) Murderers! You tried to hide what you did, but I know. I saw everything. The Regressives, the executions, wiping out an entire population and then blaming them for it. No, that's what you've been doing all along. Hiding the truth. Hoping it would just die away quietly. Please, this has to come out. My dreams. They are real memories from Jora Mirell. When she, when all of them were younger, there was a group of people they called Regressives. They just wanted to lead a different kind of life. But, but they don't exist anymore, do they? You exterminated them. You've spent you whole life covering it up, but then you realised that someone was passing the memories on to me, so you, you used me to figure out who it was and then you killed her. But you know, you were too late. Because Korenna gave me the last of her memories before she died. No. They made it look like it was natural causes. Of course she would say that. She was afraid for her life. It is the truth. I know that you don't want to believe it. In fact, they're counting on that. They always have. No. I know that it's easier for you to believe that I'm crazy or hallucinating, but this woman shared her life, her whole identity with me. I was with her every step of the way as she convinced herself that what she did, betraying the man she loved, playing her part in a massacre, that it was all somehow for the good of Enaran society. She showed me everything. No apologies, no request for forgiveness, just the truth. At least she had the conscience to stand up and realise what she'd done wrong, which is more than I can say for you. You believe me. Then we've got to do something about it. We have to make this public. Then we have to find proof. Let me go down to the planet. There must be some evidence left of what really happened. Maybe there are other people like Korenna who might be willing to tell the truth. It's not just a matter of history. This could happen again if no one knows it happened before. Jora Mirell was murdered on board this ship, which gives us a reason to investigate. Maybe, if we can expose the reason why she was killed, the Enarans will start to ask questions. They could have used their telepathy somehow, in some way that the Doctor couldn't detect. So that's it? We just go on our merry way and nobody ever has to take any kind of responsibility? Thank you. Thank you, Captain. [Engineering] (A guard is watching the Enarans.) I'm relieving you. Can we talk for a minute? Then just listen. Like Harry said, it couldn't hurt to do that. I know you have no reason to believe what I've said about your people. All you have is my word against everything you've ever been taught. So prove me wrong. Go down to Enara and find the colony where the Regressives were supposed to live. Talk to people. Ask questions. Learn the truth for yourself. Let me tell you about my experiences, maybe that will give you some place to start. I wish I had your abilities. I could just show you. Of course. Then you'd know I'm telling you the truth.
Torres here. Torres here.
I know. We've still got emergency transporters but they're short range. Pretty close. I'd say less than ten kilometres. Done. The main pattern buffers are still offline. We can try an emergency transport from a lower orbit. Harry, we can't worry about that now. Their lives are in danger. The Captain put you in charge. It is your decision. Every time I try to disable his downlink he comes up with a new command override. Destabilising matter stream. Transporters offline. I'm replacing those programmes as quickly as I can, but some of it isn't retrievable. No matter how much a genius this Starling might be, he is not a trained pilot from the twenty ninth century. Long range transporters are still down. We'd have to drop out of orbit again. You trained as a pilot in North America, didn't you? Sounds like you had a lot more fun at the Academy than I did. I remember dodging a few punches in the lab. I guess I was just a little more enthusiastic in those days. Chakotay, what if we're stuck here? What if we can't find a way back? We'd have to get jobs. So much for a low profile. Highly qualified Klingon seeks position as engineer. Approach course laid in. Full power to thrusters. What? How is that possible? Energising. [Starling's car] The interference is disrupting computer pathways. We're losing altitude. [Transporter room one] Where are we? Nobody sent us. We had engine trouble. We told you. We are not from the United States Government, and we are not What are they going to do when they find a half-Klingon in here. If he enters the rift like this the timeship will create a temporal explosion. I'm still trying to figure out exactly how the Doctor's autonomous emitter works, but it looks like downloading him back into the ship's computer isn't going to be much of a problem. It's a little more involved than that.
Their warp core is heavily damaged. It's leaking drive plasma and gamma radiation. It could breach any time. Captain, I'm reading an energy build-up in the reaction chamber. They're losing anti-matter containment. Good to see you too. She must have gotten held up with some work. Well, I've made a few modifications of my own. (She beckons over a fit young man wearing cutaway speedos. He gives her a towel.) Thank you. Great programme, Neelix.
Less than a seven percent power drain. Well what? What you've asked us to do requires a complete reconfiguration of the shield array. It takes a while. For us mere morals, that is. If you're in such a hurry, why don't you just snap your fingers and do it yourself? Oh, that's right. You've lost your powers and you need our help. I understand perfectly. You aren't the first female who's ever had a man run out on her. You know, I have really had it with this superiority complex of yours. Well, here's another fact. If you don't stop pestering me, I'm never going to finish. In which case, your association with Q might not be quite as eternal as you think.  Go ahead, Q.  I'd be lying if I said I understood it completely, but if she's thinking what I think she's thinking, we should increase power to the shields by a factor of ten! [Bridge]  TORRES  Acknowledged. [Bridge] 
What's the emergency? Mmm, looks delicious. Maybe there's a problem with the bioneural gel pack in the replicator panel. Oh, so this is my fault? You know, I think that there's a plasma relay on deck seven that really needs repair. Oh, you need me. I'm touched. What's going on here? Looks like this gel pack has an infection. Half the neurodes have been burned out and the pack is filled with some kind of mucilaginous compound. Tom, call the Doctor and tell him (Torres reaches for the gel pack. It explodes, covering her hand with mucus.) I may never look at food again. Well, right now, they're both unhappy. Oh. (Torres passes out.)
I'm not sure, Captain. We're trying to track the problem now.
Good idea, but bring me both. I'm sorry Neelix, but a bowl of cold gagh is not my idea of how to start a morning. The plasma flow in the manifold seems to be constricted. That was the first thing I did. Neelix, Neelix, this really isn't a good time.
  If these readings are right, we're looking at a yield of nearly a  kiloton. That would be enough gallicite to completely refit the warp  coils.  Aye, Captain. [Engineering]   These tunnels are clearly artificial. Someone else must've been  interested in digging up this gallicite.  True, but we have to be careful. There's been a lot of seismic  activity down there. Look, theses tunnels are completely collapsed. We  should bring Tom Paris on the away team. He's had quite a lot of rock  climbing experience.  Great. You two can be our safety experts.  We're done here, yes.  What?  This is, er, a little sudden, isn't it? Besides, I thought that  Vulcan marriages were arranged. Don't you already have somebody back  home?  And you've chosen me?  But you're Vulcan. I am half-Klingon. I really can't imagine  Wait, please. Please, I'm. I see that you've given this a lot  of, er, logical thought and I really am very flattered, but my answer  is no. I'm sorry.  I'll worry about my choices myself, thank you.  Okay, that's enough.  So what's wrong with him?  Meaning what?  Ah, you two are awfully prompt.  Oh, it'll take a little more work than that to impress me,  Lieutenant.  All right. Let me show you our target area.  He's not coming. This seems to be the most accessible vein of  gallicite. We'll beam to the surface, then go down through this  passageway until it  dead ends in this chamber. Then we'll descend almost fifty metres,  almost straight down. Do you see any problem with that, Tom?  Good. You're all set, Neelix?  In other words, you're ready. Let's go. [Planet  surface] (They  beam down near dressed stone blocks and a stone path with steps.)  This way.  Well, we'll send down an archaeological team later on. Right  now we've got our own work to do.  I just don't see any point in wasting time. Unless, of course,  you want to stall to put off demonstrating your climbing expertise.  If you're looking for exhilaration.  (They stand on the edge of a cliff.)  We're prepared for this. We can handle it. Let's go.  (to Neelix) You go first. I'll follow you.  You're right. My heart is pumping faster.  Oh, I'm just getting warmed up.  (Neelix's piton comes free at the top, and he tumbles to the base of  the cliff.)  You, you almost got us both killed.  You had no business rigging safety equipment when you had no  idea what you were doing!  I'm fine, no thanks to you two. I would have been better coming  down here alone.  Just drag him to the ship. I'll get the gallicite myself.  You get your hands off of me.  (Torres bites Paris' cheek.)  Nothing. I'm in charge of this mission. I'll finish it.  Tom. Come here. You've got to see this.  Fine. This is an active power system. It must've been built by  the colonists.  No, no. This is my discovery. It's my mission. You don't  understand. This is the source of the gallicite readings. These  conduits are covered with gallicite plating. It's exactly what we need,  and I found it.  Pon what?  I lost my temper for a minute, that's all. Why are you all  staring at me like that?  Just leave me alone.  (A figure forward from the rock face, then more. They are armed.)  What's that?  There must be a hidden door, some kind of a passageway.  Then you're using it wrong.  We can't leave Chakotay and Tuvok.  Why does everybody keep saying there's something wrong with me?      Tuvok must be wrong about this Pon farr business. It doesn't make any  sense.  I don't see what's so strange.  I know what it means. All right, so maybe I do feel something,  some kind of instinct. What am I supposed to do about it?  I am not helping that Vulcan petaQ! The idea of bonding with  him, it's ludicrous! What's this?  (A rockfall.)  Well, they're in the way.  Let go!  Never pick a fight with a Klingon, Tom.  Afraid I'll break your arm? You should be.  I think it is. See, I have picked up your scent, Tom. I've  tasted your blood.  Maybe, maybe we should continue separately.  You don't know how strong, how hard it is to fight this urge.  I wouldn't go that far.  Not much choice.  (More rocks fall.)  We should use that weapon. It's worth the risk now.  What?  You don't know anything. I feel like I'm crawling out of my  skin. I need to do something. I can't take this.  (She pushes Paris to the ground and straddles him. He pushes her off.)  You've never been hard to get, Tom.  Oh, I'll bet you wish you could. All those invitations to  dinner. And on the holodeck, the way you would stare at me when you  thought I wasn't looking, and get jealous when I'm with someone else.  You can't tell me you're not interested in me.  Then don't push me away.  No. No, it isn't. I was, I was just afraid to admit it. You  see, I've wanted this for so long.  (She kisses him.)  Just let it happen.  (More kisses.)  You'd let me go insane rather than help me?  You just stay away from me. [Holodeck  - Paxau resort] Where are we?  The caves? The gallicite. Where's my tricorder?  No, I don't.  (The rockfall is broken through from the other side.)  Tom.  Be quiet.  (She leads him away, then nuzzles his hand and his neck.)  Maybe later.  Well, what are you doing?  Then show it.  (Paris struggles a little. They roll around then Paris is lifted up.)  What are you doing here?  I am not your mate!  If anyone is going to smash your arrogant little face in, I will!  I take your challenge myself.  Yes. Yes, I'm fine. Thanks. The refit is going well. We should  have new warp coils by the end of the week.  You're right. We have to pretend that the whole mission didn't  happen.  Look, Tom, I really appreciate what you did, what you were  willing to do for me. But as far as I'm concerned, I was under the  influence of some weird Vulcan chemical imbalance, and, and whatever I  did, whatever I said, it wasn't me.  Careful what you wish for, Lieutenant. [Planet  surface]
Phenomenon? I'm not sure what you mean, Captain. The Captain's consciousness might have phase-shifted out of our reality. Harry and I can run a full subspace sweep, see if we can come up with anything. I'm going to activate the magneton scanner. It might pick up an anomalous presence. (The bright light comes through the door.)
I might be able to get one of their data nodes running and find out what disabled their ship. I'm not being apprehensive, Tuvok, I'm just nervous as hell. This is one of the access nodes. If we can get it operational I should be able to tap into the main data systems. Tuvok, there should be a compatible micropower conduit somewhere in that module. Connect it to this generator. (Tuvok moves some hoses apart and a Borg falls forward.) It's dead. [Briefing room] Our scans have detected eleven hundred corpses. We brought one aboard. We're hoping that an autopsy might give us some clue as to what killed them. It could have been some kind of natural disaster, or Maybe the Borg were defeated by an enemy even more powerful than they are. That would support our theory about what happened aboard their ship. We think that their main power conduits were overloaded by a massive electromechanical discharge. What do you think that is? Shut it down! (The EMH uses the probe again.) What the hell happened? I wouldn't be so sure about that. That autonomic response caused this drone to reset back to it's original programming. If the rest of those corpses somehow reactivate, we have a major problem on our hands. [Bunker] We'd better get going. [Shuttlecraft] Good. I'll reserve some holodeck time as soon as we're back. No. No. Why? You're sure you're okay? Chakotay? I'm going to tell the Doctor he needs to take a look at you as soon as we're back. Torres to Sickbay. Chakotay, give me the phaser. (He shoots her.) [Bridge]
Torres to bridge.
I had one small salad. No. I guess so. What? Doctor, unless you want me to knock you into the middle of the next millennium, you'd better back off. Doctor, have you been messing around with your programme? What exactly have you done to yourself? And incorporated them into your programme? That's more than I can say for you. You can't just casually add behavioural subroutines into your programme. Research is one thing, putting it into practice is something else. Behavioural subroutines have a way of interacting with each other which isn't always predictable. You've got to be careful, or someone might hurt you. (The EMH removes his hand from Torres' knee.) I will take a look at your programme when I've finished my shift in Engineering. It shouldn't be too hard to smooth out the rough spots. I'll make you better than new. I'm not sure. Something caused by the new subroutines you added. He might not be unless I can figure out what's going on. I need to run a complete analysis on all your subroutines while they're running. It's not your fault. It looks good in theory. What could be wrong with adding a little personality to your programme. You didn't anticipate the linkages between the subroutines. The complex behaviours that could emerge out of the mix. Well, take Lord Byron, for example. A creative, poetic genius. But Byron was also emotionally intense, even unstable. Our holodeck simulation of Byron includes those unstable elements. It wouldn't be Byron otherwise. And T'Pau. She was a diplomat, a judge, a philosopher. And utterly ruthless in her application of that logic. A lot of the historical characters you chose have this dark thread running through their personalities. I'm about to do just that. I've programmed a search algorithm to locate and decompile every one it finds. You'll have to shut yourself off for this one. Doctor? [Corridor] What happened? Why? You're a new personality from the subroutines. What have you done? I can't move my legs. Why? You're in trouble, aren't you. The subroutines that created you, they're already starting to degrade. Delete the Doctor and you go too. The subroutines are all interconnected. I won't help you. Your subroutines are destabilising. By the time you force that information out of me it'll be too late. That might be safer. He certainly knew his way around a hypospray, I'll give him that. You're welcome. Kes. (Torres leaves as Kes enters.)
That's supposed to make me feel better? Morning? What am I doing here? Ow! This time Doctor, I'm not going to argue with you. Harry, what happened to your face? It's kind of cute. Makes you look like a speckled targ. Hey, it's all part of the adventure of space travel, right? What. What is it? Thanks. See you later, Spot. [Ready room]
Tom, I'm sorry I'm late. (Paris greets Torres with a kiss.) Well, the last time I checked. Already trying. Since Kes is moving backward in time, she's already been infected by the radiation poisoning. If we can set up a bio-temporal chamber and expose her to a precisely modulated field of anti-chroniton particles, we feel this may purge her system and bring her back into temporal sync with there rest of us. Bringing field stress to twenty five kilodynes. Whenever you're ready, Doc. Right. Right. Even so, I bet you found out some pretty interesting things. Are you telling?
I'm on it, Captain.
No way. A plasma conduit. My point exactly. You're not an engineer. Name it. (They walk on out of earshot.) Well, go ahead and gloat. Just a shot in the dark. What?
Don't push me, Tom. To do what? Look, you may find all of this Klingon stuff really fascinating, but I don't. I'm not going to waste my time trying to disembowel a bunch of holographic monsters. I only came down here because you tricked me into that stupid bet! I have tried this, and now I am finished. Got it? I am not hostile! (A humanoid dressed in grey appears.) We didn't abduct you. You just appeared here. We had nothing to do with it. Let us take you to Sickbay. Our Doctor can run some scans. Maybe we can get some answers. [Sickbay] (In semi-darkness.) Whoever or whatever did this had to leave some energy trace. Then let's concentrate on the time. Run a level one analysis on all sensor readings, internal and external, at the exact moment it happened. You don't think I'm hostile, do you? I know I have a temper, but that doesn't mean I'm always hostile, does it? I'm forthright, I speak my mind, but that's very different from being hostile. And if someone described me that way, they'd be way off of the mark, wouldn't they. Then why do you look like you're afraid for your life? (Saved by the beeps.) What is this? Localise the source, I'll try to increase the sensor resolution. Do you have anything yet? Harry? Torres to bridge. Ensign Kim just disappeared. [Bridge] I'm not sure. Harry and I detected a surge of polaron particles right before he disappeared. They created a spatial distortion field around him but it collapsed as soon as he vanished. It could have been anything. A naturally occurring phenomenon, like a wormhole of a subspace flow field, or a kind of technology like our transporters. A Nyrian astrophysicist who arrived about an hour ago told me about some strange graviton fluctuations they detected at their colony. I ran some scans on this end and found the same thing. Possibly a baby one. And if I'm right, one end is opening intermittently inside Voyager. We could have past through it while it was forming and snagged on it somehow. Now that I have this new information I'd like to have another talk with Rislan, the Nyrian scientist. Actually, I didn't ask, and I've already initiated the tetryon scan. Neutrinos, ionised hydrogen, theta band radiation. It's what we're not finding that I'm interested in. The scan shows no quantum level fluctuations whatsoever. It's more than unusual, it's impossible. I don't think this is a wormhole at all. I'm going to run a pattern analysis with the original data. No, definitely not a flow field. The spatial harmonics are incompatible. I don't think this is a natural phenomenon. (Rislan knocks out his guard and takes his phaser.) Your people have been behind this all along. What are you doing? Captain, the Nyrians are responsible for the exchanges. I think they have some kind of technology. (Two armed Nyrian guards enter. One takes Torres' comm. badge, then they leave.) What do they want with us? Where's the rest of the crew. This doesn't seem like a Nyrian colony. It's not warm enough or dark enough for them. Do we have any idea what planet we're on? Let's hope we're not stuck here long enough to find out. How did you get it open? What do you see now? Aside from the aesthetic consideration, how's your optical resolution? Well, we're just about ready. I've reconfigured the Doctor's optical sensors and as soon as they're aligned he should be able to detect the microwave signature of the portals. About the other day. I might have been a bit oversensitive about the Klingon programme. That should just about do it. I think we can start scanning now. I know. You didn't, and I didn't mean to lash out at you like that. Oh, that's very funny coming from you. Well, you're hardly one to talk about being defensive. Well, you just pretend that nothing bothers you and then you turn everything into a joke. If you find it so difficult to be my friend, then why keep trying? Holograms don't get tired. Keep looking. Captain, we've found something. There's another one. (A building on stilts, on a rocky shore.) Self-contained biospheres, every one of them different. [Control room] (Meanwhile, going the other way around.) If you want to go, then go. We're not leaving them behind. (Paris and Torres leave.) Power cells probably running out. These aren't exactly Starfleet issue. Tom, I think I've found one. Here is it. (An arctic snowstorm hits them.) Remember how we had to warm up the ship for the Nyrians? Careful. That phaser's just about dead. (Paris fires at the rocks above the Nyrian's heads, and they retreat.) They can't last much longer. We've just got to stay one step ahead of them. Let me see the phaser. My hands are completely numb. Shows how much you know about Klingons. They have much less tolerance for the cold than humans do. No, they just complain about it more. I think that'll amplify the power cell enough for one more shot. (A Nyrian finds them, then passes out from the cold. A second one comes up behind them.) Oh, I'm so sleepy. No, you go on. I'm just going to rest here. No, I'll be fine. I just have to close my eyes for a minute. You can't give me orders. We're the same rank. Oh yeah, by two days! You're just trying to get me moving. Don't even try it. (Torres and Paris get translocated back to the Federation habitat. Which means two other people get switched...) Nice day. Things were pretty chilly there for a while. It feels good to be warm again.
The bridge. Not at all. Not bad, I guess. No more than usual. About what? Why do I get the feeling that you're testing me? Why? Computer, halt turbolift. Look, what's this all about? Are you saying there's going to be a mutiny? I'm working on it, sir. Right. To tell you the truth, shooting Harry got me a little rattled. They've got us pinned down. Seska! Thanks. What's that supposed to mean? Hey, hey, hey. Take it easy. Computer, freeze programme. Are you in the habit of just walking in on people's private holodeck time? Is it lunch time already? I must have lost track of the time. It's really something. I was doing a routine purge of the database, you know, taking out old files that were taking up space, and I found this holonovel. It's a kind of 'what if' story, all about a Maquis mutiny. It's completely compelling and believable. I guess it's because it's all about us. Now, that is the big mystery. Whoever the author is has gone to a lot of trouble to keep his identity a secret. It's been encrypted. Well, think about it. Whoever plays this programme takes on the role of a Starfleet security officer who gets approached by Chakotay to help the Maquis take over the ship. I mean, it's pretty inflammatory. Probably. Excellent point. You? I was just getting to the good part. All right. You owe me one. [Holographic Corridor] (Paris is now the security Ensign.) Ah ha. You should have tried going along with the mutiny from the beginning. It's much more fun. Don't look at me. I didn't tell him. I may have let it slip while I was running his weekly diagnostic. There. I've bypassed the security override. Try it now. I've tried every decryption protocol I can think of. Whoever wrote this is good. Er, actually, er, Captain, I'm the one who found it on the auxiliary database. Oh? Artistic differences? Well, I've got a couple of suggestions that might help. Now, up until now the story's been nothing but action, which is fine. But what it needs is a little heart, a little emotion. Listen, I don't care which one of you is writing this thing. All I'm saying is that there is room in every good story for a little bit of passion. Oh, that's realistic. What she lacked in loyalty she made up for in ingenuity. According to the back-up computer logs, she got into Tuvok's scenario on stardate 48671 about a month before she left the ship. She programmed it to cause all of these shutdowns the next time Tuvok reopened the narrative parameters file, which he didn't do until today. Seska laid booby-trapped subroutines everywhere. If we try to open the holodeck doors, the power grid is rigged to explode. Seska's programme is adding new algorithms to counteract the changes we're making. I can't get in. Torres to Kim. How are you coming [Bridge] TORRES I'm on it. [Holographic Cargo Bay]  It's working. I don't believe it. The programme is reconfiguring the subprocessors to counter every change we make. No matter what we do, it rewrites itself so that Tom and Tuvok will die.  I don't know how she rigged it, Captain, but when she ordered the self-destruct it initiated an overload in the holodeck power relays. The whole grid is going to blow. [Holographic Cargo Bay]  It's over. So, you two are going to have to come up with a new idea for your next literary collaboration. Or a detective story?
At first I thought it was a problem with the communications grid, then I cleared up the last few seconds of telemetry. Take a look at this. (The probe was taken inside a Borg cube.) Unfortunately, the passage is filled with intense gravimetric distortions. probably caused by a string of quantum singularities.  I'm not sure, Captain. Some kind of subspace turbulence is preventing us from creating a stable warp field. [Bridge] I can't get a lock on them. It looks like bioelectric interference from whatever's coming toward them. [Borg Cube] No effect. I'm going to try a skeletal lock. I think I can get a clean lock on the minerals in their bone tissue. I just came up with it, but I think it might work. [Borg Cube]  I've got them.  We've analysed the Borg's tactical database. They refer to these new aliens as Species 8472. The Collective has very little information about the species. I'm afraid so. I'm localising the gravimetric distortions. That's right. The Borg gain knowledge through assimilation. What they can't assimilate, they can't understand. Aye, Captain. The Borg shields are weakening. We might be able to break free of the tractor beam. The Borg shields are offline. I've got a lock on Captain Janeway. I'm trying to energise. The Borg are scattering the beam. No effect. We've just received word. Tuvok beamed to the Cube. He's joined the Captain. I'll try, but the Borg are already regenerating their shields. It won't work. They'll be able to adapt too quickly. Aye, sir. You've still got a tendril up your nose. Direct hit to our secondary hull! We're emitting a resonant gravitation beam. It's creating another singularity. I'm re-calibrating sensors. The entire region is filled with some kind of organic fluid. This isn't space. It's matter. Just a few more seconds. Almost there, Chakotay. You've got to keep her distracted if we're going to make this work. Initiating power surge now! (Both Chakotay and Seven feel the effects of the energy surge. Their neural transceivers overload and they pass out.) [Bridge]
