I'm picking up a ship at the edge of the system. They're making a run for it. Radiation from the debris field. It's starting to affect our systems. The port hydraulics are acting up. They're not responding. I'll try to do better next time, sir. [Degra's ship] (The unconscious crew are being placed in their seats.)
Aye, sir.(They arrive at the repair station.) Sir. (One of the two docking bays opens and expands to receive the starship.) Enterprise to Captain Archer. Some kind of mechanical arms are being attached to the outer hull. [Station diagnostic room] Mayweather. I thought that section was off-limits, sir. Aye, sir. [Station ventilation shaft] (The two explorers are crawling on hands and knees.) Captain? Hello? Hello? (He sees an open section of the bulkhead with electricity rippling across it.) [Ready room] Sir? Much better, sir. Thank you. The doctor told me what happened. I'm not sure I understand. Why would it do that? What about all those other people? Sounds good, sir.(In the darkness of space, amongst a load of debris, a welding arm is at work.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Are we sure that's a good idea? We don't know what happened to the crew. That ship could be a tomb. You really think we should be picking through it for spare parts, sir? Yes, sir. I was just wondering. If that trader left in such a hurry, why'd he bother to close the hatch behind him? [Alien Engineering] (T'Pol and Tucker examine equipment, then she hears a noise from behind one of the lozenge-shaped doors.) What do you think that trader really saw down here, sir? That makes sense, except scavengers would've stripped this ship to the keel. Would make a good one, sir. (Archer shines a light on a console with two large discs with handles on them.) Yes, sir. There's no power but the data modules look intact. Didn't you send out a distress call? Well, we can't just leave you here. It's not big enough to feed all the people on that ship, sir. Not by a long shot. It's in shuttlepod one. Aye, sir. [Engineering] (Walking along the upper gantry) Won't they pick us up on sensors? Aye, sir. (Archer and Reed turn right. Further on, Reed is shot in the back, Archer drags him behind a container but his return fire goes straight through their attacker. They retreat.) [Alien computer core]
Guard towers, gun emplacements, it's not a hotel. Aye, sir. (They leave.) Maybe this panel isn't the cloaking device. This would be a lot easier if there was a button marked cloak. Are you all right? Maybe a little more than that. (Tucker lifts his right arm to see most of it has disappeared.)  [Sickbay] Any change? Having a cloaked hand could have its advantages. Be useful in a poker match. It might be helpful on movie night, if you bring a date. In case you want to steal some popcorn. Is it working? What was that? Primary and backups. We did. It'd be a lot easier if they stop firing at us. The shuttlepod's right where you left it, sir. We'll be there in two minutes. (Archer starts frantically searching his pockets.)
So if we can't pick the locks, what about the shafts that house the EPS conduits? [Reed's quarters] They're adjacent to the air ducts. There's no one else that can get through those crawlspaces, unless we could reach Crewman Naiman. [T'Pol's quarters] She's pretty small. The antimatter stream's back to normal. Hull plating on the port-aft quarter's down. They're closing. (Tucker deploys a phase cannon and takes out one ship.) Port hull plating's down. Ventral plating as well. (Then it goes quiet.) Why waste ammunition? They have us surrounded. Sub-Commander? One Cell ship approaching aft.
Maybe they checked us out and decided we weren't very interesting. I had to reverse engines to keep from banging into them. They've gone to warp, sir. Go ahead, Captain. So how's your secret mission coming? Sir, we could try to contact the Vulcan High Command. They're only two days away at warp six. I'm sure they'd give us a hand. Should I try evasive manoeuvres? Ten thousand metres, nine. Five thousand metres. Three thousand metres. One thousand metres. Gladly, sir. [Armoury]
 Two hours, sir. We've got less than a half an hour to do it. [Mine Foreman's office] (The Foreman points to a graphic display.) Go ahead. Understood. (There's weapons fire coming from the dark. Kessick is shot in the back.) Sir, we're approaching the coordinates. Sir, I'm picking up a debris field. It's a lot bigger than that. What course, sir?
The Paraagans have given us clearance to enter orbit. They're coming in now. Did you see that? I'm coming around. Bring the grappler online. (Hoshi goes to What is it? Traces of borocarbons. You think they've replaced you in Brazil yet? After a year on Enterprise, the thought of a cargo ship is pretty unappealing. Or maybe infamous. From what Commander Tucker tells me, people back home think that we're doing nothing out here but getting in trouble. We see you, Captain. Yes, sir. [Bridge] The docked ship is moving away.
It might be easier to locate the shuttlepod. At least it sounds like they're still alive. Here we go.
Well, we can't just leave them down there. What about the transporter?
It's a real honour, sir. Seeing those Starfleet captains every day gave us something to aspire to. Aye, sir. (Tucker takes the photo.) Shouldn't the surface be frozen solid? Mayweather here, Captain. There are no other ships, on the surface or in orbit.
Fore and aft target scanners are aligned. Simulated launch. We're only off by three metres. We'll get it right. Not yet. I hope you don't expect everyone we run into out here to be hostile. In twenty three years I don't think my folks ran into a problem more than a half dozen times. Do you think that makes a difference? Seems like everybody else on board is itching for a first contact. Yes, sir. We made a trip once from Livinius to Belarn Prime. Two and a half light years. Nearly nine months without running into a soul. There were five kids on board. We were at each others throats within a matter of weeks. First officer and my mother came up with the idea to teach us how to play geography. You know, you say Amazon River, which ends in an R. I say Rhode Island. X, X. Don't tell me, I know an X. Xanadu. Doesn't matter. Well, you used an alien planet, Dralax. Point five microns. (This torpedo grazes the asteroid and bounces off, then heads back towards Enterprise.) Range, five thousand kilometres. Are those venting ports or hull breaches? Maybe they're in trouble. Sick or something. Mayweather here, sir. Aye, sir. [Sickbay] We've reversed course, sir. We should be back at the coordinates in five hours. Distance, sixty thousand kilometres. Ten minutes, maybe less. The pod's on the arm. We're dead in the water, sir. What was that? Sir, another vessel just dropped out of warp. (Reed returns to his I can't, sir. Their beam's disrupting all our propulsion systems. (The alien on the viewscreen talks to them.) We've got impulse back.
Mayweather. HOSHI [OC] The captain wants you to report to the Bridge. Admiral Forrest called a few minutes ago. We're reversing course. I'm on my way. [Situation room] This system's almost thirty light years behind us. Aye, sir. [Ready room] Do you have a minute, sir? I was wondering if I could make a personal request. My family's ship, the Horizon, we're going to be passing close to it. I wouldn't mind going by for a visit. It's about ten hours off our flight path. Enterprise can still get to the planet with time to spare. You could pick me up on the way back. Thank you, sir. My father's been ill for a few months. My mother said he'll be fine. She's the ship's medic. She's both. My grandfather held the record. Five jobs at one time, two of them on the bridge. You, sir? Why didn't you sign up? I'd appreciate that, sir. [Engineering] Starfleet really ought to think about putting families on starships. No one would ever get homesick. On a cargo ship, you can't walk ten metres without running into your baby-sitter or a great-aunt. (gets communicator out of pocket) Go ahead. Thanks, Hoshi. Put it through to my quarters. Captain's personal log, January 10, 2153. We're on course for our rendezvous with the Horizon. Unfortunately, I've just received word that Ensign Mayweather's family is facing an unexpected tragedy. [Enterprise's 'sweet spot'] Of course not. Every now and then. My mother sent a message to Starfleet six weeks ago, but I never got it. I should have called him. We were in comm. range a few months ago. I guess I wasn't ready to talk to him yet. He wasn't very happy with me when I joined Starfleet. He'd been grooming me for his job since I was kid. With all respect, sir, I'm not so sure he was. What did he say? I wish he would have told me that. [Sickbay] The Horizon's fifty years old. I'm sure you've seen far more impressive warp reactors. What's this? Thank you, sir.  I wouldn't call it a dangerous mission. We've gotten into a few skirmishes, but nothing we couldn't handle. We ran into a small wavefront a few months ago. The crew had to squeeze into one of the nacelles for a couple of days. She probably made it sound worse than it was. It was really just a misunderstanding. They thought Enterprise had been abandoned. Captain Archer convinced them to leave. How'd you know about that? Charlie must be at the helm. His warp jumps were always a little rough. Where are we headed? Hey! (They embrace.) Do you always have to bring that up? I will. (They carry on further down the corridor then Travis turns left.) Guest quarters are over here.  I thought my room had been reassigned. I can't believe you kept this. (a paper starchart up on the wall) I've still got a ways to go. Me, too. (they hug) We're going to get through this, Mom. Are you sure you're old enough to drive that thing? Acting captain. Don't let it go to your head. The jacket looks good on you. Business must be good. I've never seen this module so full. If you need me to help out with anything. See you at dinner? (Paul nods, and Travis goes to leave.)  All right, try it now. (helmsman nods) I've increased the range of the navigation sensors. The helm will make course corrections a lot quicker. I'm just working on a few upgrades. You were busy. I didn't want to bother you. You're going to love this. You know those port stabilisers that were always acting up? Before I left, I spoke with Commander Tucker. Our Chief Engineer, on Enterprise. He showed me how to reconfigure the spatial discriminators. Shouldn't give you any more trouble. Whatever you say, sir. Come in. Word travels fast. (They embrace.) Thanks. (She sees one of his old toys.) I don't know. I thought it might be fun to regress for a while. What do you say we turn off the grav-plating and jump on the bed? Keeps us busy. We've gone a hundred and fifty light years, seen twenty two inhabited worlds. You can't believe what's out there. Just a few days. I'm afraid not. I doubt Magellan got much time off, either. What's wrong? What do you mean? He's always on edge. My mother hasn't mentioned any of this. He's only been in command a few weeks. Give him a chance. He'll grow into it. Thanks. (The ship judders.) Charlie at the helm? That's no turbulence. (They are being shot at by two ships.) [Horizon Bridge] What's going on? By who? You're hauling thirty thousand metric tons. You're not going to be able to outrun them. They're still closing. They attached something to the hull. I wouldn't recommend that. This is a dicobalt signature, a high-yield explosive. If anyone gets too close, it might decide to go off. (Senior staff gather at the back of the small Bridge to see a display on a monitor.) What kind of weapons does the Constellation have? What happens if they come back before we arrive?  I've seen this kind of engine configuration before. It's not that different from a Mazarite ship. We had some trouble with them. We managed to knock out their engines with our phase cannons. I can tie the plasma turrets directly into the impulse engines. Lieutenant Reed did that and it increased our yield by eighty percent. If there's one thing I've learned from Captain Archer, it's that you don't give in to people like this. You're only going to encourage more attacks, not just against you, but other cargo ships. If those aliens come back, you'll thank me. You may not have a choice. Paul. I didn't mean to undermine your authority. But you're being unreasonable. I just want us to be prepared. It's still my home. Is that what this is about? Me leaving? If you want to be an effective captain, you've got to set your personal feelings aside, listen to what other people have to say. No, your father. He said that to me a long time ago. If he was here now, he'd tell you the same thing. That isn't fair. You want to stand around feeling sorry for yourself, go ahead. I've got better things to do. I'm just trying to help you, Paul. In case you haven't noticed, you could use a little help right now. You want to take them offline? Do it yourself. [Horizon mess] I knew how Paul would react. I didn't want to drag you into it. (picking at his food) Never thought I'd actually miss these. Not just any Nutri-pak, strawberry shortcake. The first time I tasted real shortcake was in San Francisco. It just wasn't the same. I wouldn't mind eating like this again. I'm thinking about asking for an extended leave. I'm sure Captain Archer would approve, considering. As long as I'm needed. I'm not the only helm officer. There's a lot for me to do here. I can help upgrade the guidance and warp systems. With a little luck, we could make Horizon the fastest J-class in the fleet. My career's the last thing on my mind right now. He's not ready, Mum. You don't think I should stay. A lot has changed in four years, Mum. I'll try to keep that in mind. Good night. (He kisses her.) They're charging weapons. If I can get a clear shot, but I can't do that as long as they're behind us. It's going to be tough to manoeuvre with thirty kilotons of cargo. We've got to cut it loose. I'm sure it'll come back to me. (He takes over from Juan.) They're closing. Forty metres, thirty. Ten metres. (The cargo tug flies free of the modules, with the cruiser in pursuit and firing.) I'm coming around again. (More carefully placed shots and the cruiser grinds to a halt.) Aye, Captain. [Room B6] (Travis is back in Starfleet uniform and packing to leave.) Come in. Wouldn't want to wear out my welcome. If you like, I'll speak with Lieutenant Reed. I'm sure he can help you remove that alien beacon. What? We haven't travelled quite that far. You can count on it. (they shake hands) Maybe sooner. Thank you, sir. (they walk along the corridor) They're okay. Probably an old meteorite impact. Never better, sir. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
You had to wear that jacket. You're not chasing anyone out of here. You heard him. Step away from the table. (The man tries to take a swing at Reed, but misses by a mile. A bar brawl instantly ensues.)
Aye, sir. Captain, we're not exactly experts at piloting that thing. I think I've found reverse. Can't argue with that. Closed. [Bridge] (Hoshi is working on the Insectoid language.) Thanks, Captain. (the shuttle launches. It's a rough ride with beeps going off) It's like steering an asteroid miner with a bad axis coil. [Bridge] I think I'm getting a feel for her. Doesn't exactly sound like welcome to the neighbourhood. There's not much land down there. See something? You did say that most of this thing's power was routed to structural integrity. Structural integrity's holding. Are you getting those scans, sir? The Captain said get in and get out. Aye, aye. [Command centre] (Showing off their scans.) I should be the one to go. I'm the only one who can pilot that shuttle. But I've actually done it. Aye sir. (Archer leaves, goes down corridor, through into a turbolift and finds himself in... ) [Enterprise J Observation Lounge] I know these controls aren't exactly intuitive. Try again. Good, you're starting to think like an insectoid. Can I ask you something? You're the least expendable man on Enterprise. Why are you doing this? Sounds like you're saying this is some sort of penance. I still don't have helm control.
Like they came off an assembly line. Power fluctuations. (The lights go out, then come on again.) We're coming up on the outer edge of the cloaking barrier. [Alien ship] (Watching the shuttlepod come into view again.) We're dropping out of warp. There's a convoy of ships approaching.
We're more than thirty light years from the nearest trade route. I don't see how he could have made it out this far. There's nothing here that looks like a power source. Sir, a vessel's dropped out of warp. They're on an intercept course. They're moving off. I've lost them, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. We've contacted the Vulcan ship Tal'Kir. They've agreed to meet us in three days to take the craft back to Earth. Hopefully, we won't have another visit from the Suliban before we reach the rendezvous point. [Engineering] (The device from the Tardis is open, and looks like it has control crystals in it.) Sir, there's an alien vessel's approaching at high warp. No, sir. We can't identify them. [Bridge] (A dart-like ship is gaining from the stern.) Twenty thousand kilometres and closing. We're losing speed. Captain. (Enter the Tholians) Engines are down. The Cell-Ships. They've been destroyed. All of them. The Tholians are on an intercept course. Two of their ships are approaching the saucer section. Eighty metres. forty. Sir, it's gone.
Aye, sir. Whoever they are, they're on an intercept course. We're losing speed. Captain, the stars. They're not where they're supposed to be. Who's the father? Why not? You've got to be curious. Corporal Mackenzie. We talked after a training session once. Please. I'm on duty in a few minutes. Warp engines just went offline. Our plasma injectors are disengaged. They're making a run for it. Two thousand metres. Six minutes. Sir, we're losing speed. We're increasing speed. They've engaged a tractor beam. Forty five seconds to the corridor. Twelve seconds to the corridor. [E2 - Bridge] The stars are where they're supposed to be. A ship's dropping out of warp.
The helm’s not responding. The starboard injectors are fused.
Yes, sir. And Captain, if I may? I'd like to be the first to congratulate you on a brilliant strategy. I'm certain that in years to come. Aye, Captain. (But to who,, we're not sure.) (Travis leaves.)
They're gaining on us, sir. (The pursuing ship breaks open and engulfs little Enterprise.) How do we know the security officers are okay? Go ahead, sir. No problem, sir. I'm on my way. [Mess hall] (T'Pol and Phlox are at a table having drinks while lots of crew are getting meals and socialising.) Mayweather to the Bridge. One of those things just followed me up the starboard strut, but when I got into the catwalk it didn't come through. There must be something keeping it from getting in here. [Bridge] Aye, sir. I'm fine, sir. Thank you. I saw him down near the Command Compartment. How many of them are there? I'm not sure. Are you doing all right? I'm sure the Captain will get us out as soon as he can. Has anyone seen Commander Tucker? Thanks. [Locker room] (Phlox is getting into a space suit.) Sorry, Captain, I can't find Commander Tucker. I'll look again. [Atmosphere control] (Phlox is reading the numbers on the panels.) The Captain asked me to find you. He needs you in the Command Compartment. Commander! (Tucker breaks into a run, knocking crewmen aside then goes to open the hatch.) You can't go out there, sir. It's not safe! (He gets pushed away.) What are you doing? (Travis gets hit, hard, then Tucker goes down the ladder to the main body of the ship.) [Corridor] We've got a problem, Captain. Commander Tucker. He just went out the forward hatch. I tried to stop him, sir. He didn't look like himself. I think one of those things got inside him. (at the helm) Yes, sir. [Corridor]
I've got a little headache. Nothing serious. I was hoping you could just give me something. I'm right in the middle of upgrading the navigation sensors. No. A couple of days, on and off. You think it could have something to do with that? How much longer is this going to take? On what? I have to get back to the Bridge. The Captain needs those upgrades, Doctor. But your scans didn't show anything. Doctor? (Phlox is staring intently at the body scanner monitor.) When are you going to I have just enough time to shower and get changed. I haven't slept all night and I'm supposed to go on duty in fifteen minutes. A what? No more tests. I have to get to the Bridge. (Phlox blocks his way.) If I don't finish those upgrades, I could get a reprimand. It'll be in my permanent record. What does that mean? Can't it wait until after my shift? If the Captain doesn't think I can handle my duties, I'll be scrubbing plasma conduits on D Deck for the next five years. I could be court-martialed. Not today. Not during my shift. Unless you're ready to tie me to a biobed, I'm going back to my helm. That's all I wanted in the first place. What did you (Travis passes out.) [Engineering] (Trip is working on the Captain's chair when Malcolm bursts in.) A little tired, but the headache's gone. What'd you do? Captain. (Travis leaves.)
Maybe we should open a window. And don't forget Porthos, and all the Doctor's animals. Ran into a Class three once. Had to take shelter in the ship's core. We were down there for six weeks. Any idea about a latrine? Not much room for a Captain's chair. We only got worried when the generators went down. We lost the grav-plating, life support. I'll never forget that look in my father's eyes. He knew we were in trouble. [Corridor] (Phlox and Archer escort the three aliens out of the Decon chamber.) Spatial turbulence. Aft stabilisers aren't engaging. Grav-shear's dropping. (Porthos re-emerges.) TRAVIS: That should be the worst of it, sir, at least for now. [Catwalk] (Archer is walking through, during jolts, and picks up a small PADD.) ARCHER Yours? Looks like you're almost finished. (The crewwoman takes back her crossword puzzle.) We've got a cluster of plasma eddies about eighty thousand kilometres ahead. I should be able to steer clear of them. Aye, Captain. Thank you, sir. Good night. Broccoli? Call. Anyone know what they're showing tonight? I think something's burning. (Smoke is coming from the alien's area. Trip dashes over and pulls open the blanket curtain to discover them cooking over a stove.) It'll take a minute, sir. We're too close to the eddy. We've got to veer off. We've got no choice.
I remember Soong's trial. He wouldn't say what he did with the embryos he stole. Not a pretty thought. We're dropping out of warp. There's another ship. (The Bird of Prey blasts one Interceptor to pieces.)
Hold the door. Where were you last night? Well, you didn't miss much. Night of the Killer Androids. We've got fifty thousand movies in the database. There must be something worth watching. Lieutenant. We found one of the ships, sir. Did you get to meet them? Looks like the Captain's going all out. What? I'm fine right here. I can wait till I'm promoted. Nice fit. Bridge looks a lot different from here. Think anyone would mind if I fired a torpedo? Sorry, sir. (He returns to helm.) [Engineering] He's probably calling about the weather. I'm already on it. [Sickbay] (As a volunteer comes out of the body scanner.) The storm's moving in our direction. I'm having trouble getting around it. He's far enough ahead. He made it past. [Engineering] There's a vessel approaching no bigger than a shuttlepod. It's Suliban. [Launch Bay]
Lieutenant, a ship just dropped out of warp. Six hundred thousand kilometres and closing. I'm reading twelve biosigns, all Klingon. [Settlement] Aye, sir. [Settlement] (Six Klingons beam down from a tatty looking vessel.) It's not you that I'm worried about. (He swings it and she dodges either side then rolls away.) The Klingon ship just dropped out of warp, Captain.
Why does Starfleet think this is connected to the other incidents? Didn't expect to find you up this late. Too wired to sleep. Hard to believe the Captain's going to be fighting a duel to the death in a few hours. What are you looking at? The last I heard, the Captain sounded determined to go through with it. Two of us could get through that a lot faster. [Mess hall] (The table is covered in PADDs.) Look at this. Either combatant can postpone a duel indefinitely if there are no children to continue his clan. As far as I know, Captain Archer doesn't have any kids. If he's killed, his clan would die with him. Don't suppose we can find him a wife in the next four hours. Instead of looking for a loophole, maybe we should be trying to find a way for the Captain to win. Have you ever been to Nobelia Prime? The tribal elders there, they can challenge you to a duel if you look at them the wrong way. Happened to my father. Which one of these has the combat rules? [Cargo bay] (Both sides have assembled, and Hoshi is giving a last minute lesson on how to use the Ushann Tor.) Intercept in forty seven minutes. One minute. They're targeting our warp core. Hull plating's at forty three percent. (another bang) Thirty six percent.
We should reach Tesnia in about twenty hours, sir. Aye, sir. [Inspection pod] (Smaller and rounder than a shuttlepod, with no wings for atmosphere flight.)
What, the static? You've got better ears than we do. How's the translation coming along? What about it? I can see how that might cause some confusion over dinner. What if they just don't like being touched? Remember how uncomfortable they looked when the Captain tried to shake their hands? Are you staying for the movie tonight? Wages of Fear. Classic French film. No, you'll like it. Things blow up. Two hours and twenty four minutes. You'll be on the edge of your seat. Don't worry. (The lights go down, the screen comes on, but it's not the movie, it's sickbay, then the situation room.) The last time we opened the airlock, we were docked with the Kreetassans. The Kreetassans might know something about this thing. I can start scanning for their ship, try to pick up their warp trail. I think I found them. Point five two light years from here. I already have. I've been sending out hails but we're still out of comm. range. You speak English. Okay. We have a problem. There'an alien organism on our ship. It came aboard around the same time we saw you. We were hoping you might know something about it. Well, it's big, but it didn't start out that way. It's like a large mass of tendrils. Like a giant web, but it moves and grows. Where? Can you tell us where this planet is? Excuse me? That's the thing. We don't know what we did to offend you. You mean eat. I don't understand. We were just eating. How do you eat? I see. Okay. Please believe me, we had no idea that would be offensive to you. It was simply a misunderstanding. On behalf of the entire crew, I sincerely apologise. Thank you. Now, could I have those coordinates? [Cargo bay two]
Nothing I can't avoid, sir.
Look at this. They've got sea rays the size of shuttlepods. I've never done it, but if there was ever a time to learn. 'Your guides are genetically enhanced to breathe underwater.' And they're all female. (Hoshi rolls her eyes, Reed suddenly gets interested.) How about you, Lieutenant? Entering orbit, sir. A small craft's approaching, sir. An unidentified vessel, sir, fifty thousand kilometres and closing. They're closing, fast. Aye, sir. Go ahead. Sir? Aye, sir. You've been to Risa, haven't you? How's the ocean? Aye, sir. Warp four point eight. Warp four point nine. (The ship shakes a bit.) At this speed, a little over two hours, but I don't think we can hold it that long. They're increasing speed. Warp four point nine five. Four point nine three, nine five. [Engineering] Four point nine seven. Four point nine nine. Warp five. (Big vibrations start.) They're right on top of us. We're dropping to impulse.
We're approaching the coordinates, Captain. Right on schedule. Maybe they're running late? (The ship shudders.) Aye, sir. Aye, sir. (They emerge at a Sphere.) He's nearly reached the Reptilians. (As Degra's ship flies past, he fires twice.)
I think we've got a problem. Sphere Forty One. Yep. There shouldn't be anything on sensors, not with the cloaking barrier, but there it is and it's getting bigger. Could be spatial anomalies, but they're clustered much tighter than we've ever seen them. [Sickbay] You wanted to see me, sir? When? Sir. That's tying my hands, Commander, especially with the ticking clock. Bridge to T'Pol. We're approaching the co-ordinates. It's grown. It's a hundred thousand kilometres deeper than when we first detected it. Here we go. (Enterprise enters the brown gloop.) It's too soon. I've got it. Twenty thousand kilometres. Fifteen degrees north. Aye. Me too. I'm picking up explosions on E deck. How's that possible? Bridge to T'Pol. A vortex just opened. It's Degra's ship. [Bridge] (Tucker is at Hoshi's station as garbled crackles come over the speakers.) Eight hundred thousand kilometres. I'm not picking up the orbital platforms. It's not just Yosemite. There's nothing coming from any of them. Looks pretty normal to me. Finally. We've got three vessels approaching. Sir. (Anti-aircraft flax is steaming up from the ground and three propeller driven USAF aircraft are coming at them.) [Field Hospital] (Conscious but badly wounded people are being tended by nurses and doctors. One nurse whispers to a doctor tapping at a big old typewriter. The background chatter is German, there is a swastika flag on the wall, the dialogue is in subtitles.)
They've dropped to impulse. Another fifteen seconds.
What have we missed? Have they launched it? Who? We'll have to pull back. Aye, sir. (An Aquatic ship gets mangled by the transformed space) [Degra's ship] What about the anomalies? Aye, sir. [Weapon Control area]
He hasn't gotten far at warp two, sir. Captain. (A cloud of something from the freighter covers the viewscreen.) He's moving off. Our warp drive won't engage. He's moving out of sensor range. I've lost him. [Retellian cargo hold] (Tucker awakes with a sore head only to be hit again by the woman.)
 Go ahead. Sub-commander? [Forest - night] She said they were being altered. Whoever they are, they're not staying put. They're heading due east of the landing site. Aye, sir. Bridge to Commander Tucker. Two ships just dropped out of warp, sir. They're on an intercept course. [Bridge]  They're hailing us. Bridge to Commander Tucker. One of those ships just launched a shuttle, sir. It's heading towards the surface. Put him through. Go ahead, sir. Understood. (He relieves his temporary helm officer. Enterprise jumps to warp, with the other two ships in hot pursuit.) They're in pursuit. Two thousand kilometres and closing. Nine hundred kilometres. Seven hundred. (Enterprise is hit by weapons fire.) Hull plating's down to forty percent.
 These caverns go on for fifty kilometres. There are some pretty steep inclines here, but I think I can handle it. Aye, sir. (Tucker, Reed and Travis leave.)  Pitons. Ration packs. Flex-cable? Waste disposal units. We take out everything we bring in. (Archer enters.)ARCHER: I just spoke to the Xantoras Regional Governor. He's issued a general order. You have to get them out of there in three days. This is the nearest entrance to their campsite. I'd be willing to bet they came this way. [Cave system] (Nice, tall tunnels to walk along, with the occasional stalagmite.) Watch your footing. There's a lot of loose rock. Yes, sir. Don't worry, I'll go first. (They secure their ropes with pitons, then Travis abseils down.) [Sickbay] Watch your footing, sir. Stay calm. Commander, are you all right? Why don't you take a break. I'll see what's below. (Travis heads off, and there's still a long way down to go. Reed spots something in a hole in the rock) Stay close to the wall. (They're traversing a narrow ledge.) Let me lock off. Check the safety, Commander. (He starts to put another piton in a crack in the wall, but Reed slips and takes Tucker with him, them Travis as the piton fails. They toboggan down the incline on their bottoms until finally Travis jams one foot against the wall and halts the train. Tucker and Reed are dangling in mid-air over yet another bottomless-looking pit. Tucker is trying to get to the cliff wall.) I can't hold this much longer. The rope's slipping! Tthe two ropes leave his hands just as Tucker gets a piton into a crack which then holds both him and Reed.) Is it broken? We need to keep moving. Just give me something for the pain. (Tucker gives him a hypo.) I can make it, sir. Respectfully, sir, it's not me that I'm worried about.
We can't transport six thousand people back to Earth.
But that's what you said, though. So, what was it like? You can't go on a survival overnight without hearing a story about someone seeing Ramsey's molecules rematerialising on a foggy night. Death Valley, California. Middle of July, naturally. You? You don't take me anywhere. (All the men get up and leave.) Go ahead, sir. [OC]: Aye, Captain.
The Tellarite ship's trying to undock  with the seals locked.  He's going to warp.  He's disabled our starboard nacelle. We can't follow him, sir.  Less than six light years.  Aye, sir. [Skalaar's  ship] (Docked  at a space station.)    I see him. Eight hundred thousand kilometres.  They're not making it easy.  Got it!  Safe and sound, Launch bay two. 
They have no ships within range. Two hours. Our warp field's destabilising. We're dropping to impulse. Starboard thrusters are down. They're moving off. Sir. (On the viewscreen, they see the ship start moving, taking pot shots at them as it goes past.) We're losing hull plating. Warp four point nine. Warp five. (Things are still going bang on the Bridge.) Five point oh two. Point oh four. Five point oh six. The injector's stabilised. We're holding speed. The one thing they couldn't mask is their power signature. That's why they
Aye, sir. Captain, something just struck the ship. Starboard side upper aft quadrant. Some kind of cloaked ship? I believe so. Sir, they're hailing us. (T'Pol goes to Hoshi's station and soon an alien language comes through the speakers.) They're charging weapons. (A shot is fired.) TRAVIS: They missed our starboard nacelle by less than twenty metres. The orbits of those mines are pretty erratic, sir. It's going to be tricky. Aye, sir. (A joystick comes out for him to steer with.) I see it. (He makes a slow but sharp turn.) [Hull] (The mine reacts to the manoeuvre.) Thank you, sir, but I'd prefer to stay at my post. We're being hailed. Six hundred metres. (Tucker is back in the situation room.) Sub-commander. (T'Pol comes forward to the Captain's chair.) No response. (He is now at Reed's station.) I see them. Bearing two one three mark four. Closing in. A hundred metres more. Fifty. I've got them. Sealing Launch bay doors.
Going to impulse, sir. Aye, sir. We've got a seal. It's too bad the ship-to-ship sensors are down. Would have been nice to get a look at them. (handing up case as Tucker climbs into the tube between the airlocks) Here you go. I don't know. We are kind of busy. Have fun. (The shuttlepod undocks, leaving the slightly organic looking ship.) [Decompression chamber] Before you know it, he'll have that engine room running like a well-oiled machine. Decompression any easier coming back? What were the Xyrillians like? Aye, sir. [Mess hall] Looks like their signature. Should I lay in a new course, Captain?
Thrusters are down. I don't think we're going anywhere. [Degra's ship] There's a vessel approaching. Still offline. Aye sir. Almost sounds like music. It's never too late. You can start when we get home. We're getting home. [Engineering] The escape pod can manoeuvre underwater. Aside from that, nothing out of the ordinary. Why don't we just transport their warp coil to Enterprise? Two hundred kilometres. Our port thrusters are offline.
Pernaia Prime. Yes, sir. Where exactly will we be going? Don't move. (T'Pol gives Archer the handcuffs and he puts them on Menos.) Aye, sir. [Outside the Tavern] He kicked over the table! Aye, sir. Captain. There's something funny up here, sir. Think you could take a look? (Archer goes through to the cockpit.) After I got the board running, I brought life support up to level three. As soon as I got more light in here, I noticed some condensation on this sub-panel. Our scanner showed everything powered down. Aye, sir. (Menos kneels down.) I think I know why he was so nervous about us firing at him while he was over here. Look at this.
I have experience with comets, sir. We're within range. Aye, aye, sir. [Brig] (Travis is in thermal clothing to pay a jail visit.) What's so urgent? You'll have to talk to the Captain. We all are. That's it? That's not possible. (He opens the cell door and goes in.) If you were an S.I. agent, you'd be out of this Brig with one call to your division head. Mayweather, Go ahead. On my way. You know I'm going to tell the Captain about this. Probably not. Why are you telling me this now? So you're revealing all of this because you're worried about me. I'm touched. (He leaves the cell and locks the door.) You're not going to manipulate me again. Goodbye. [Launch bay] Hull plating's steady at ninety four percent. We need to maintain an erratic flight profile, so we look like a chunk of the comet. I'm taking us closer to the nucleus. It's going to start getting a little rough. The gravity's starting to tear the comet apart. (Reed has made use of the bag Phlox gave him.) The engine shut down, but there were no warning lights. The console's locked up. Bypassing auto flight control. Switching to manual! We're out of options. (Their flight levels off, and the heat shield blackens.) Ground proximity? I was thinking the same thing. You'll want to keep your arms inside the vehicle at all times. (He takes them in to land.) [Mars] Hmm? Commander. I can't figure out why the console locked up at the same time the engines shut down. Flight control and engine power are routed separately. until they reach that junction. The panel's open. If ionised gas got in here, it could've melted the primary circuits of both systems. No. It's been forced. This was deliberate. [Kelby's quarters] Is this your signature? It's a first step. The Captain says it's going to take years to work out the details. Just doing my job. I know. A lot of details to work out. (This angle shows us they are at the Transporter alcove.) The least I can do is give you a ride. (He takes her hand.) The Launch Bay's this way. [T'Pol's quarters]
Aye, sir. Four point five, four point six, four point seven, four point eight. (The ship vibrates.) Four point nine. [Engineering] I've lost helm control. Helm control is still down.  Shuttlepod two. Acknowledged. (Off they go and put grapples onto the main hull.) [Bridge]  Thrust vector holding steady. [Bridge]  I've got a temperature warning light. [Shuttlepod One]  Twelve kilometres per hour and accelerating. [Bridge]
I've got a lock. (Travis starts the beam-in sequence, and the floor ripples.) There's an overload in the resequencer. I can't. (Circuits blow, the rock vanishes, the floor ripples, then the rock reappears as pieces embedded in the walls.) What if I could put a shuttlepod down on one of the big ones. I can try. There isn't a flat spot much bigger than my quarters. Let's go. I'm matching the rotational velocity. Got it. (A bouncy landing.) TRAVIS: I hope you won't write that landing up in your log. I heard about the accident you and T'Pol had in the lab. But you're sure this stuff is safe to bring on board?  Grab a seat, Commander. The starboard thruster's failing. We're clear. We've only got one thruster left. I think so.
Captain? Sir? (No response, so Travis gets to his feet wearily and looks around. The door is unlocked, so he opens it to see a pair of Suliban walking by. When the coast is clear, he goes exploring. Later -) I saw at least thirty. This place is pretty big. There could be more. I didn't exactly have time to get a good look. (Archer finally gets to his feet.) There's a wall about five metres high. It's looks like it surrounds this entire building. I see something that might be a guard tower but I can't be sure. No, sir. (He gets down.) And you are? Does everyone that violates your territory get thrown into a place like this? If you're worried we're Suliban, trust me, we're not. Three days? They call this a proper meal? I should save it for Commander Tucker. It'd make a good valve sealant. (pouring water) This thing doesn't hold much. I've had plenty, thank you. It was very good. What about the government on the Suliban homeworld? Don't they have something to say about this? Writing a letter? Could be valuable someday. People will want to know what happened here. Then why are you writing it? That's not true. [Cell] (While Travis sleeps, Archer is studying a plan of the centre when a communicator materialises on the floor beside him.) Would you rather spend the rest of your life in prison? Sorry, Captain. What do you care. You might try isolation. Still think we're working with the Tandarans? You know, we could have left this place a long time ago if we hadn't decided to help you. Why? Because we're not Suliban? Because we look a little too much like Tandarans? I'll admit, when I first came here it wasn't easy to see past my preconceptions about the Suliban, but I did. Why can't you? [Bridge] Yes? Who are you? Malcolm? Long story. How'd you get down here? Are you sure you weren't detected? They're in place. Are you up for this? (Danik nods, then the siren sounds.) Good luck. Major, do you have a second? I don't mean to cause any trouble, but I was wondering if it might be possible to get some better food. No offence, but the meals here are pretty awful. I'll try, but I'm not sure I can hold down another bowl of that what do you call it? It tastes like sawdust. Is that what they make you eat? Because if it is, I'd think about going on a hunger strike. I don't know how you. I'll go. Come on. [Isolation cell] Captain, think they'll make it?
No, sir. For an Insectoid, maybe they are comfortable. You could probably fly this thing inside a gas giant. This icon looks like it might represent the impulse manifolds. I don't think this ship likes us very much. [Mess hall] What about the ship on the surface? We might be able to salvage what we need. Every day we stay here gives them more time to finish their weapon. A subspace vortex is opening off the port bow. They're firing. (Enterprise rocks to the impact.) TRAVIS: They're moving away at full impulse. No effect. Aye, sir.
Those are P-51s. I've seen them at air shows. Are they breaking off? Maybe we should follow them. Starboard injector. Maybe we're here for a reason. Maybe this wasn't an accident. Bay one is depressurising. Someone's launching a shuttlepod. Hard to believe we're only a few kilometres from New York City.
Coming up on one hundred metres. Ninety, eighty metres. We're at fifty metres and holding. Sir, I'm having trouble holding position. Fifty two metres. Fifty five. [Just outside Enterprise Launch bay] Fifty nine metres. [Launch bay] (Tucker appears to have made it inside the doors.) We've got warp power. [Engineering] Six hours, sir. The lead ship's moving into a lower orbit. They're shifting their orbit.
Their port engine is venting reactor coolant. I can try to come in on the starboard side, but it'll be tricky. If we could disable their engines.  They're on intercept course. Two hundred thousand kilometres and closing. (Reed enters and nods) What's this Rura Pente like?
Just missing a few names. For what? You were busy working. How have you been, Gannet? At least until the conference is over. Can't argue with that. What are you doing here? A story? I've got some work to do. Gannet. (She switches off the camera.) He know how you feel about space exploration? That it's the last vestige of colonial impulse? Find another story to do. Then you're going to have to find another source for your information. Can you give me one reason why I shouldn't avoid you? And it looks like you've changed your mind. That's the first honest thing you've said. That was some serious flying, trying to keep the warp fields aligned. Columbia was fifty metres above us. One wrong move and we would've lost Commander Tucker. When I was studying to be a pilot, I memorised something Chuck Yeager said. I never let myself be afraid. I just focus on the dials and concentrate on flying. Most of the time, simple works best. [Launch bay] These are the shuttlepods. Shuttlepod One. Do you want to see inside? I always thought so. Unfortunately, we use the shuttlepods less and less. We're getting more comfortable with the transporter. Yeah, but there's no skill involved. I've always had a tendency to get attached to machines. It's crazy, but every time we use the transporter, I feel we're kind of turning our backs on these guys. When I saw you at that conference, I started thinking about things, decisions I've made. Don't do that. Whenever things get a little serious, you always turn it into a joke. You and your bad habits. (They get into a serious clinch.) [Conference room] I'm glad we finally left the shuttlepod. I like flying them. What was that? I'm just worried about some friends of mine. I'm under orders not to talk about it. Let's change the subject. How come you haven't settled down? And what constitutes the right circumstance? I've spent my whole life in space, going from one place to the next. Seeing you, I was wondering, maybe the next challenge, at least for me, is to stay in one place for a while. (They kiss. Again.) [Bridge] All that stuff I said about leaving the ship. What's going on? Maybe she was after a story. It doesn't mean she worked for Terra Prime. Aye.
Siren calls. That's what we called them when I was a kid. My dad would put them through the speakers whenever we flew by a gas giant. It gave me nightmares sometimes. (Hoshi stops the sounds.) Aye, sir. (Through the murk, a ship comes into view.) [Sickbay] Captain. Sir, they're heading into open space. Aye, sir. Yes, sir. [Launch bay] (Archer and Trip enter cautiously, with phase pistols drawn, two security guards right behind them. The pod hatch is open, and Bu'kaH jumps the guard who goes to look inside. It takes stun shots from both Archer and Trip to knock her out.) Mayweather. Yes, sir. Sir, the alien ship sunk another two thousand metres. It's below the shuttle's safety limits. Ten thousand metres, but I'm having a hard time getting a fix on them. Too much interference. Sir, external pressure's at maximum. The hull plating's failing. I found these schematics in the Vulcan database. It's a Raptor Class scout vessel. Its hull's at least twice as thick as ours, reinforced with some kind of coherent molecular alloy. Our only other option is for T'Pol and Malcolm to fix a broken-down Klingon ship and fly it out themselves. Aye, sir. [Klingon Bridge] (The three have removed their outer suits and are down to blue long-johns.) Sir, there are two ships approaching at high warp. I think they're Klingon. Sixteen minutes. We're being hailed. It's the Captain. Aye, Captain. It's the Raptor, sir. They're hailing us. They're moving off.
It's big. Over eight billion kilometres in diameter. According to sensors.
You'll win in eight moves. (Reed turns the board around so they can set up a fresh game.) Thirty two pieces, sixty four squares. It's not as if it's difficult. The total number of possible outcomes is limited. That's what I mean. Chess is so predictable, I'm surprised anyone bothers to play it. (The new game starts quickly, with Travis playing white.) What a waste. I know the rules. Observation without interference. (Another speed-chess game finishes already.) You'll win in five moves. How do you think they'll react to what's on this planet? Do you think our hosts will die tonight? But somebody always dies. I studied your report on how the Klingons reacted to the infection. The Klingon commander didn't let his landing party back on his ship. Captain Archer did. So it doesn't matter if an infected landing party comes aboard. Oh, I don't know. They're showing concern for each other. The Cardassians did that when they were here, didn't they? Maybe the humans will surprise us. Commander, Hoshi. Just wanted to say hi. Can you tell me what's in the hypospray? Have either of you faced serious illness before? I was curious to know how you'd compare this experience with other illnesses you might've contracted. I only have a few more questions. But [Sickbay] (Phlox is putting a culture slide under a microscope.) The Doctor identified the pathogen. But no one's made the decision to abandon the infected crew members. We're looking for signs of elevated intelligence in the species we observe. I'm sure Captain Archer knows exactly what the risk is. Maybe it's not as important to him as standing by his crew. There's a way to be sure. Which is why we should inhabit the Doctor and the Science Officer. Archer relies on their findings to make his decisions. We could witness that as it happens. The more people we inhabit, the more we'll be able to observe. [Decon chamber] You've detected a debris cloud in orbit. Captain, does knowing what the Klingons did help us at all? But if they had developed one, you'd ask them for it, right? We can stop what this virus is doing to them. We came to observe their response to the unexpected, not to watch them suffer. I know where we can talk undisturbed. [Decon chamber] (The two unconscious patients sit up to talk.) In eight hundred years, no one's ever done that before? How many have to die before you'll admit humans are different? We need to stop this. What more will that teach us about them? Maybe we should be. [Sickbay] Good. I'm looking forward to making my first report. After ten thousand years, the rules need to change. [Corridor] I don't think we can avoid them. I'm going to recommend that we start preparations for an official First Contact mission. Then we'd better get started. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
The transport's dropped out of warp. It's entered a binary system. Looks like they're heading for the fourth planet. There's a small vessel dropping out of warp. The fourth planet.
Archer's comet. Aye sir. Aye, sir. (In her quarters, T'Pol stares at characters on a computer screen.) [Mess hall] (Tucker selects a dish from the cabinet, then orders his drink from the dispenser.) The comet's certainly big enough to land on. We could take a shuttlepod. Has anyone? I've only seen snow twice in my life. You mean plant a flag? Snowball fight. Lieutenant. What do you think? (He's built a snowman.) The ears are a nice touch. We should get out more often. Impressive. I'll get the drill. [Captain's mess] I'm okay. Ah! My knee. I'm all right. At least take the core sample. We shouldn't go back to the ship empty-handed. (A white dawn is looming below the horizon.) It might be faster without the suits. I hope I never see snow again. (They climb aboard the shuttlepod.) [Shuttlepod] (Whilst trying to lift off, alarms bleeping, the pod falls through the weakened surface ice.) We should have never ignited the thrusters. They've got us.
Lieutenant. (Reed starts up a running machine.) I ran into one of them in the corridor. They're really Get them out of my head! The pain helps. You should try it. (Reed stops running and joins Travis on the free weights.) When I was on my parents' ship, we picked up some Deltans once. Their ship was having engine trouble. The females are unbelievably attractive. Very open about (Travis can't Helped my biceps. I'd go heavier. [Engineering] (A green goddess strolls in.) Sir, they're moving off. [Kelby's quarters] (D'Nesh and Kelby are in bed, relaxing in the afterglow.) Four hundred kilometres. He's moving too fast. Thrusters are back to full. We're still too slow. He's coming about. (Harrad-Sar launches a grapple, and takes Enterprise in tow.)
I can't understand it, Captain. It's like the stars keep shifting positions. There, they just did it again. I've already run two diagnostics. I can't find anything wrong. Helm's not responding. Helm's back online. Love to. [Launch bay] Good, sir. We're adjusting the nav sensors to compensate for the gravimetric waves. Just need a day to upload and test these corrections. (Travis leaves.) Good match. (He shakes his opponent's hand,)
Aye, sir. Which way, Sub-Commander? The helm's not responding. Sir, I'm picking up something out there. I think it's a ship. There's too much distortion. Aye, sir. Two Xindi ships approaching. Aye. They're heading back into the system. Already on it, sir. (The big bang catches the Kumari in its shockwave.)
Malcolm? Yes, sir.
I mean Armoury Officers and Helmsmen. They claim it's safe. Don't worry, from what I'm told, he wouldn't even put his dog through this thing. We're just taking a sick man back to his homeworld. Why do we need weapons? Is it me, or does the artificial gravity seem a bit heavy? My father always kept it at point eight G. He thought it put a little spring in his step. How fast have you gotten her? Four point five. (sitting on ceiling) Yes, sir. When I was a kid, we called it the sweet spot. Every ship's got one. It's usually about halfway between the grav-generator and the bow plate. Grab a hold of the hatch. No, on either side. Now push off. Push off. It takes practice. Ever slept in zero G? It's just like being back in the womb. It took the fourth, fifth and sixth grades to get there. I've also been to Draylax and both the Denebian moons. Three. It's true. First-hand, second-hand, third-hand. Warp four point three, sir. We're losing power on all decks. Mister Reed thought he detected something right before we lost power. Mayweather. Yes, sir. [Suliban Helix] Is this where you saw Klaang? We should get going. Sir. You don't know anything about Klaang, do you. Lieutenant, this man has no intention of helping us. (as they walk away) I can't believe we fell for that. Ask him where they are. This storm's getting worse. The storm's kicking up too much interference. I can't isolate human biosigns. They could be anywhere in the complex. (looking out of window) I found her. (They take off, and fly over to the fight. T'Pol slips and falls in the snow when she gets out again.) [Rooftop] The starboard thruster's down! They're getting too far ahead of us. I'm not authorised to go beyond four four. [deleted scene - Engineering] I'm okay, Captain Sir, I'm picking up something at three forty two mark twelve. It's a lot bigger. All right. What's this? No, that's the pitch control. This is the guidance system. The docking interface. How do you deploy it? Good. Where's the auxiliary throttle? With all due respect to Commander Tucker, I'm pretty sure I could fly this thing, sir. That one was a lot closer. In what direction? At this rate, the Captain'll never find us. Laid in. Two kilometres, dead ahead. These aren't ideal conditions. I'm reading an ion storm on that trajectory, sir. Should I go around it?
Go ahead, sir.
Yes, sir. Minshara-class? Aye sir. [Planet surface] (The pod lands in a meadow, and Porthos is first out to sniff at a tree.) It's beautiful all right, but I couldn't call a place home unless it came with a pair of warp nacelles. We would? Keep in mind those cargo vessels weren't equipped for rescue operations, so the Captain wasn't sure what to do when he picked up the distress call. But it wasn't a ship that sent the signal. It was a life-pod from one of the old Y-500-class freighters. Exactly. The pod had been drifting in space for sixty three years. Bioscans showed one lifesign inside the pod. Human. The assistant engineer, George Webb, a friend of my uncle's, was assigned to open it. Took him over an hour to cut through the hull. He said the metal felt strange, cold to the touch. He could hear a tapping noise coming from inside, but when he finally got it open the pod was empty. No body, nothing. A few days later, Webb started acting strange, getting into fights with the crew, muttering to himself in some sort of alien language. Then one day he locked himself in Engineering and overloaded the impulse reactors. He almost destroyed the ship. Then he sealed himself in a life pod and ejected it. The reactors were too badly damaged. Some people say it was an alien life form that got into him, others think it was the ghost of a dead crewman. I never knew what to believe, but Webb is still out there, drifting. When the subspace noise is real low, some comm. officers say they can still hear the echo of his distress call. Beep, Beep. (All laugh.) Are you sure? Now you know. It must be gusting at eighty kph. Try flying through an ion storm at warp two. [Tent two] What is it? What for? Are we allowed to squash alien life forms? You wanna shoot a bug? Not me, sir. I'll go. Trip? Hello? [Cavern] Was anybody outside just now? There's someone else out there. (hands over sole food pack) Near the campsite. It's no story. I'm telling you, I saw three people. It was too dark. There could be something wrong with your scanner. They looked pretty real to me. Ethan! (using scanner) Ethan! (A figure emerges from a rock.) That could explain why they're not showing up on our scanners. (In the cavern, Cutler hears voices and goes deeper into the tunnels to investigate. Outside, the men nearly step off a cliff in the dark.) The Captain's on his way. We're getting out of here. Sir. I hate to add to our problems, but we're running low on water. Sir? You were the one who found these caves, and it was your idea to stay overnight. Commander! There! (Tucker fires his phase pistol.) I'm trying, sir. No. (So she neck-pinches him and injects him anyway, before finally injecting herself. The sun has risen by the time Tucker wakes up and accepts a drink of water from her.) I was hoping it was all just a bad dream. Ow, I must have twisted up my neck. How's Novakovich? Do we know?
Yes, sir? One hundred kilometres.
Sir. (Archer turns to the viewscreen, to see another Web being constructed.) Direct hits. Target destroyed. Weapons are locked. The warp field's fluctuating. I'll alert the Captain. Main power's offline. We've dropped out of warp. [ISS Avenger - Bridge] Everything's offline. [ISS Avenger - Bridge] Primary systems are coming back. We have shields. Weapons are online. They're trying to escape.
Three hours at their present speed. [Shran's command post] They just dropped out of warp. They'll be here in thirteen minutes. Fifty thousand kilometres. They're still heading right for the Vulcan ships. Aye, sir. The Andorians are following, sir.
Go ahead. Understood. [Mess hall] There what is? Not a lot of room on that landing platform. Maybe they're just some other visitors. You heard what he said. If we try to send more people. Sir, you're wearing a hole in the deck plating. Go ahead. Acknowledged.
Aye, sir. (Just Archer and Trip are left.) About an hour. They're going to warp. Aye, sir.  Sir, our warp field's destabilising. They're accelerating, warp four point nine six, nine eight We're closing. They're dropping to impulse. Hull plating's at twenty three percent. [Arctic transport] (They find a figure standing in one of the alcoves, immobile and oblivious to their presence, then another. Two creatures walk towards them, a male and a smaller female. They shoot them successfully.)  We've lost hull plating.
We're dropping out of warp. [Brig] Go ahead. Aye sir. (The two ships vanish, as if they were going into a sphere cloaking field.) [Corridor] Captain [Bridge] Those ships just entered some kind of vortex. They're gone. [Sickbay]
The warp field's fluctuating. [Engineering] (There are streams of energy coming from the warp engine)  We're losing main power. [Engineering]  Sir, I'm picking up a vessel eight million kilometres off port. Looks like they're holding position, or they could be adrift. One quarter impulse. Go ahead, Captain. Understood. Three thousand metres and closing. Two thousand metres. [Armoury] (Several humanoid aliens with ponytails beam on board and start transporting equipment away from Engineering and a Cargo bay. Reed, Archer and two MACOs put up a bit of a gunfight.)  The trail ends about twenty thousand kilometres ahead. Nothing. Shall I alter course? I'm not reading anything. (The lights flicker, then we see Enterprise vanish as it crosses an invisible threshold.) Not with Enterprise. There's no indication of any ships, sir. There's enough energy running through here to power a dozen cities. Yes, sir. [Module] (Reed cuts through the door with his phase pistol to get them inside.) I've found something, Captain. (He goes to join Travis.) Over here, sir. (Travis lights up a computer screen.) TRAVIS: I'm pretty sure it's a cargo manifest. Not very good, sir. Aye, sir. Look at this. (They've found the missing injectors. Recovered items are transported aboard Enterprise and put back where they came from.) [Sickbay] (Phlox is checking his now-working Imaging Chamber when Tucker comes in holding his wrist.) Their ion trail's already started to decay. They're going to be hard to find.  Something's passing through the cloaking field. They're moving off. They're heading back into the cloaking field. Stand by. Our impulse drive's destabilising. We've got to get out of the cloaking field, sir. Still inside the field. No sign of them. That got their attention. They're coming through.
Aggressive? I overheard them talking. They mentioned something about a Temporal conduit. I know it sounds crazy, but I think it's a time machine. Aye. [Nazi Weapons Facility] (Archer is exchanging weapons fire with a group of soldiers.) Captain. (The viewscreen shows a half-lit blue and white planet.)
This was their first view of it. Breaking ground on the town hall. No, I think that's Mitchell. (Archer enters.) Three hours seventeen minutes to go, sir. There's tons of data here. Crew manifests, survey photos, weekly status reports. I was hoping to find something, a clue to what happened. I've been fascinated by Terra Nova since I was a kid, sir. I always thought lost colonies affected boomers more than anyone else. Something about people who choose to live off-world. Two hundred thousand kilometres. I promised my dad I'd see this place someday. A housing unit. We've got the schematics for the communications tower. Aye, sir. Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. [Cave tunnel] (Armed with flashlights and phase pistols, Reed and Archer head in while Travis and T'Pol stand guard outside.) Where's Malcolm? If those aliens killed the colonists, they could kill Malcolm too. I don't get it. If they're human, why were they shooting at us? [Turbolift] Can we use the transporter? They didn't seem too eager to talk. It's Captain Mitchell. Mark Logan was the head of the opposition, the ones who were against a second wave of settlers. Supposedly, he threatened to fire at any ship that came into orbit. We don't. We only want to help you, make you healthy. I've got the landing site locked in, Captain. Our thrusters are down. (The pod shakes.) Pod One to Enterprise, we've got an emergency. [Bridge] Ever heard of Judge Crater? Disappeared in the early twentieth century. How about Amelia Earhart? 1937. Never found a trace of her. A lot of people spent years, decades, trying to figure out what happened to them, but neither of those mysteries holds a candle to Terra Nova. And we solved it! All these years wondering about that colony. I never thought I'd become part of their history. Thank you, sir. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Rock-climbing, sir. There's a place called Galartha. The cliff face changes pitch while you climb it. Well, if it's easy, what's the point? What about you, Captain? It's Travis, Sub-Commander. Could you send a shuttlepod down? I had a little rock-climbing accident. In the central hospital, but I really want to get back to Enterprise. [Launch bay] (Travis's right leg is in a brace, and he is being supported by Rostov and Cutler.) The fun part is the way the rock face changes. The problem is the handholds change, too. Have you ever been to an alien hospital? Well, these people have never treated a human before. I wanted my own doctor. Where's Phlox? (Cutler gives him a thorough scan.) What do you mean, he's not available? Well, wake him up. He's got a patient. Hibernating? For how long? Just a hypospray for the pain. Is something wrong? I feel terrible. I really think we should wake up Doctor Phlox. [Restaurant] It's Travis, Doctor. What? A lot better. Thanks, Doc. (But Phlox is face down on another biobed, snoring.) [Shuttlepod] (At the villa, Porthos licks Archer awake. He goes outside but there's no sign of life at Keyla's villa. On the shuttlepod, returning to Enterprise, Porthos is sniffing around Reed.)
Sir. (Three ships appear on the viewscreen.) Sir, the Andorians are moving toward the nebula. Navigation just went offline. I've lost them. Sir, I'm reading a massive subspace distortion. We're being targeted. (Big bangs.) I've lost helm control.
At our current speed, eight point two hours. They're going to warp. The helm's not responding. [Sickbay] (The captured alien is strapped to a biobed.) There's a malfunction in the intermix chamber. Plasma pressure's rising. Pressure's approaching critical. Bridge to Captain Archer. Pressure's increasing again. Sir, we can't hold that speed for long. Acknowledged. To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Lieutenant, here's the junction room. (They pick their way carefully through the twisted wreckage, using torches and scanners.) Schematics say the secondary security bank's right in there. There's a weak power signature under this mess. Lieutenant. Why not beam the bomb out of here? Attempt? That can't be good.
Not counting newborn babies. I grew up on a J-class, a little smaller but the same basic design, and one thing I can tell you is that at warp one point eight you've got a lot of time on your hands between ports. That's how my parents wound up with me. Well, typically nothing more than a low-yield plasma cannon, but most freight haulers would've upgraded the first chance they got. Think about it. You're a dozen light years from home with twenty kilotons of dilithium ore in your hold, armed with nothing but a pop-gun for shooting oncoming meteors. What would you do? [Bridge] (the Fortunate is on the viewscreen) Aye sir. There should be an auxiliary hatch on the port side. [Corridor] (After docking, the group are met by four men.) Pirates, sir. They've been attacking freighters in this sector for years. My parents had a run-in with them once. They were lucky to come out of it alive. Still do. An old J-class, the Horizon. He's got a lot more experience than any freighter medic I know. I'm sure your guys have their hands full. We're happy to do it. Enterprise came with all the trimmings. Not yet. Most of the crew is afraid, but I'm kind of curious to try it out. Why do you think I want to try it. I was born on her, halfway between Draylax and Vega Colony. I've still got my sister and her husband aboard the Horizon, but I know my dad expected me to take over at some point. I had to figure out where I wanted to spend the rest of my life, and I was pretty sure it wasn't on the Draylax - Vega run. Besides, the Horizon didn't have transporters to play with. [Engineering] Even with a warp three engine you'd be able to cut a five year cargo run down to six months. Save room for dessert, home made ice-cream. Chef's the best in Starfleet. I heard the Captain had to call in a lot of favours to get him on board. It's good you stayed away from the resequenced meat loaf. They still haven't gotten that right. That's because it is. I remember those. What did we used to call them? My dad was a pretty good cook. He could do magical things with those nutri-paks. Didn't stop you from eating it. Your parents on the Fortunate? Were you on board? I'm sorry. You ever think about doing something else? The food's not bad. No, but you've spent more time in space than most Starfleet Captains. There are three more NX class ships on the drawing boards. They're going to need experienced people. Don't worry, not everybody's going to go. You think leaving the Horizon was easy for me? That I just took off because I got tired of the food? That ship was my home. Being in Starfleet is the best thing that ever happened to me. My parents weren't happy I left, but they respected my decision. They're charging weapons. Aye, sir. [Bridge] They're jettisoning our pod. Their warp drive's coming online. We don't know where they are, but we know who they're looking for. The Nausicaans. Ryan's after revenge, sir. It's rational to him. Those pirates attacked his ship. That's his family. If we want to find the Fortunate, we need to find the Nausicaans. [Cargo Module 4] No. Try bypassing circuit L-47. Never thought I'd see a Y-class running from any ship I was on. When I was growing up on the Horizon, anything that happened on board you handles yourself. If someone on the crew got into a fight, you just worked it out. You took care of your own. If Starfleet suddenly showed up and told my father what he could and couldn't do on his own ship? Maybe he already has and he just doesn't like it. Do you have a minute, sir? Permission to speak freely, sir? I'm worried that we're not handling the situation the right way. You know I'd never question your orders. Maybe Ryan's right. Maybe this isn't any of our business. If he doesn't want our help, why force it on him. Don't underestimate a freighter crew, sir. My father never ran into any trouble he couldn't handle himself, Nausicaans included. Sir? He'd probably try to blow them out of the sky. You're right, sir. I suppose I should understand that more than anyone. Not today, sir. Thank you, sir. [Fortunate Bridge] Aye, sir. [Fortunate Bridge] He wouldn't be there if you hadn't attacked them in the first place. What are you going to do, kill him? Sir, with your permission. You think killing one of them is going to accomplish anything? [Cargo Module 4] Just shut up and listen to me. I don't give a damn about you any more. [Bridge] I'm just thinking about my family. What's going to happen to the next freighter that runs into the Nausicaans? What if it's the Horizon and they have to pay the price for your [Cargo Module 4] Stubborn stupidity. The hell you are! This isn't about protecting cargo ships. Don't kid yourself into thinking you're doing this for some greater good. This is about revenge, nothing else. You don't like me because I left the Horizon to join Starfleet. You're afraid that if more people do that there won't be anyone left to run the freighters. Maybe you're right [Cargo Module 4] Maybe not. But if you don't let your hostage go [Bridge] The Nausicaans are going to kill you and your crew. And then there'll be twenty three fewer people out there to run those freighters. [Cargo Module 4] No maybes. (Ryan hauls the Nausicaan to his feet.)
It broke orbit five minutes ago, Captain.
They said it was an honour. It looked easy enough. They've got these fargans. They're kind of like cows with humps, and they love melons. I think they're melons. So, four guys get into this big circle filled with fargans and they throw these melons back and forth. They use sticks with metal baskets at the end. Do you play monkey-in-the-middle on Denobula? Anyway, after a while, the fargans start figuring out what's going on, and Thanks, Doc. Commander. (Travis leaves.)
Range twenty million kilometers. Course set. Five thousand kilometres. The bird-of-prey's moving to intercept.
It'll take a while to get back, sir.  Captain, that's our sun. Two hundred kilometres off port.  They're dropping to impulse. Warp three, sir. Sir? Aye, sir. Captain's starlog, supplemental. We've been travelling at warp five for seven weeks. The crew is anxious to begin our mission. [Bridge] (The ship is approaching a purple haze.) Nearly a million kilometres. It's not that dense all the way through, is it? They're keeping up with us, sir. (more weapons hits) I can try, sir. Captain. (A big black cloud is ahead.) I hope you don't ask me to do that too often, sir.
Five seconds, three, two. (The pod passes into cloaking barrier and something goes bang.) RCS inverter. Nothing we need to worry about sir. You sure about this? Aye. (They enter the central chamber.) I'm detecting some kind of movement. There's too much interference. I don't know where it is [Inside the Sphere] But it's close. No sir. [Shuttlepod] Whatever it was, it's stopped moving. Got something! It's heading in your direction. [Inside the Sphere] Moving fast. It's coming down from the upper [Inside the Sphere] left quadrant. Damn sure. [Shuttlepod] It's seventy metres away. Fifty metres, thirty, fifteen! [Inside the Sphere] Five more headed this way. Move! [Engineering] It was that last run through the cloaking barrier. The coil assembly's been damaged. There's a large group of ships leaving the system. One of them is Enterprise. I'm detecting weapons fire. [Bridge]
Should we hail them? There's a ship approaching. It must have been in a geosynchonous orbit on the other side of the planet. I'll try. We've lost lateral thrusters. I can't shake them.
Launch Bay to Commander Tucker. We should be ready within the hour. I've rigged up a stick-and-rudder system. It'll get us where we want to go, [Situation room] But I can't promise a smooth ride. Thank you, sir. Understood. These thermals are only going to get stronger. (They're hit by weapons fire.) We must be getting close to the geomagnetic field. They must have better shielding. We've lost part of the starboard wing. I think I can get us down. Thrusters are offline. We'll have to fire the chemical rockets. Hang on. [Bridge]
