Any or all, Captain. Since his records show no previous mention of that, the fact that it's happened now could be important. But all I sense from him is confusion. If I didn't know better, I'd say he was intoxicated. Tasha? What are you doing? Of course. Anything I can do It's not for you. Tasha, I feel you're very uncertain. Yhat you're fighting something. (their hands touch) What is it? Tasha? Tasha, wait. (Tasha leaves, giggling) [Bridge] Sir, I think Tasha's been infected too. [Bridge] Yes, sir. It's more like an intoxication. Nut whatever it is, she's got it. [Bridge] Bill. So many minds on this ship, all free. Released, I can feel them all. What they want, what they feel. It's a side of humans I've never felt before. Wouldn't you rather be alone with me? With me in your mind? [Sickbay]
A highly structured society. and they're exceedingly proud. [Cargo Bay One] If I may suggest, sir, no apology. In their view, it would weaken us. Much the same has happened in human history too. I believe not, sir. They seem mainly curious. In the case of Lutan, however, I did feel other needs. Some sexual attraction from all the males. Lieutenant Yar is physically very attractive. But with Lutan I felt something else. Something more like avarice or ambition. Captain, we have more information from the briefing studies on Ligon. And it fits Lutan's personality profile as well. He has an abnormally high need for achievement. Self image to him is a function of what he thinks he's achieved. Those who set their standards too high can kill to meet them. As a Starfleet Security Officer, she may have represented his riskiest prize. Sir. According to the Ligon Code of Honour, Lutan has done what he set out to do, achieve recognition for being daring and bold. Commander. So is this request, sir. We believe it would be preferable if the Captain led this away party. And the custom requires that Lutan should die rather than violate that. One can see the importance of honour here. But it was a thrill. Lutan is such, such a basic male image and having him say he wants you Only so you'd think about it, completely and clearly. How simple all this would be without the Prime Directive. The plague? But the vaccine is important in this case, sir. Betazoid blood is also practical, Captain. The odds are very good she'd defeat Lutan's wife easily and you would win all the bargaining points you need. You have pointed out yourself we are all at risk every day of every mission. You're the Captain, sir. You're entitled. Captain, I'm your Counsellor. You brought me with you to Ligon to be of help. With the vaccine? None. (Geordi and Data enter)
Mother, that's enough! Only to avoid confusion, mother. Humans constantly think one thing and say another.
Agreed. Also, he's arrogant, overbearing, self-important, and very sure of himself and his ability. He's the puzzle. With most life forms I can usually feel something. I may not be able to understand or interpret it, but I feel something, if only a presence. With him, nothing. Empty space. It's as though he isn't even here. Something about this concerns me. I don't know what, I can't point out a reason yet. He's convinced he's right. I have no doubt of that. When you begin the attempt, there will be stress, and it's only natural the crew's concentration will shift. I feel such an abundance of well being on the ship. It feels like, quite wonderful.
I'm sensing nothing from them Captain. Which could mean they can shield their thoughts and emotions from others. Sir, they may know as little about us as we do about them. Captain, if I may recommend? With our attention on the Ferengi vessel, we have ignored the planet. The facts are the Ferengis did fire at us, but we were chasing them. Since then, all they've done is searched our computers, trying to learn who and what we are. Let's talk to them. But did we tell them anything they wanted to hear? I sensed the same thing, Captain. He's hiding something. It's getting much, much colder, sir. How far down is it likely to go?
He's reading normal now. How did you manage that? Are you all right? Don't you remember? You were in the sensor maintenance room. That's a story the Doctor will tell you. (But Crusher walks out) [Bridge] (At a rear science station) I want to try hypnosis on both of you. It may restore your memory as to what happened. [Observation lounge] Beverly, can you hear me? I want you to go back in your mind to the moment when you first recall this sensation of memory loss. Picture it exactly as it occurred. How do you feel at this moment, as you lean over him to take the specimen? (to Worf) That's almost exactly what you said. As though there was something else inside you. [Observation lounge] Which confirms the feeling of duality that I sensed earlier in both of them. Because, sir, I assumed at first it was the kind of duality we Betazeds feel in all of you. Even you, sir. When you approach a decision and ask yourself which way to go, who are you talking to? Yes, sir. I believe something invaded them. Perhaps you'd like to share your reasoning on that, sir? Of course not, sir. [Corridor] It's just a feeling that he's, well, that he's closed part of his mind to me. I just feel that the Captain has become, perhaps dangerous. Ultimately, I believe he will. Captain, do you exist in combination with this entity? He's planning to beam himself and the entity into that cloud. This is blinding me. Commander, wait! It's the Captain. But only the Captain. He's out there alone! No, but the combination wasn't possible out there. He's in trouble, sir. We have to beam him back. I wish I could. There's something's here. I feel it. But confused. This Picard pattern was formed before he went out there.
He's very enthusiastic. (Crusher enters) The Doctor has something very important to tell you, Captain. They certainly are. Healthy sensuality, sir. I feel mainly friendship, and (looking at Tasha) happiness. Is there a problem? It's nothing these people have done. I'm certain of that. Their minds are so open. Unnecessary, sir. These people are honest, almost to a fault. And they have great pride in their ways. (whispers) Wesley. There's no reason to be. Can you tell us what it is? Nothing will harm you, I promise. Just tell us how you recognise it. Captain! (The vessel becomes even more visible) It's coming toward us. Yes, do that. But hurry! It's understandable, sir. Sharing an orbit with God is no small experience.
Captain, I sense considerable deception on Bok's part. And danger. I just felt something too, Captain. It felt as if it were something from your past. Hit? I'm sorry, but anything could be important. I believe so. Like a thought, but rather mechanical in nature. Memory or nightmare? (Riker enters) Sir? Who's Vigo? It has troubled you? I wish I could say. [Picard's quarters] (The trunk has been delivered. Picard goes to lie down on his bed) I'm puzzled too. I keep sensing random thoughts but two sets of them. As if they were his, but intermixed other thoughts which are also his. (Wesley enters) Does this have something to do with Captain Picard? What kind of transmissions? Let's get to the Captain. There have been some, did he say low intensity? Some unusual low intensity transmissions from the Ferengi vessel. It could have prepared him for whatever is happening now. Sir, I now feel anger from our Captain. Fury over whatever it is he is reliving out there.
Sickbay to Bridge. Doctor Crusher [Sickbay]
The double bars indicate an elongated S sound. Unless? Exactly. But you spell knife with a K. Well, this is an insect mind, sir. Take a break. You could be over-preparing. You've been looking forward to the upgrade of the holodeck. You have the time. Captain, you need the diversion. The program's installed and waiting. [Outside Holodeck] The Captain has to recite the entire greeting without making any mistakes. The Captain is well aware of the gravity of the situation, Commander. Captain Picard is familiar with that, Data. The Jarada. Will. His mother's missing too. We can't delay much longer.
It sounds like my own planet. Thank you, sir. This is Counsellor Deanna Troi from the USS Enterprise. The Federation has neglected to visit to your planet for far too long. With your permission, we would like to correct that oversight. We also come in search of possible survivors from one of our freighters. We do. We have reason to hope that survivors from a damaged Federation freighter may be marooned on your planet. We are seeking to learn if this is so. Not at all. Our discovery of the freighter was unexpected. We have a duty to investigate. We will take them with us and see that they were reunited with their families. There was much fear in that room. I cannot say. But their fear was not focused. I sensed that all were not concerned for the same reason. Undoubtedly there are survivors from the Odin on this planet. It's called perfume, Data. We are. If you'll deliver these men to us, we'll have them off your planet immediately. Using the technology of the Enterprise, we might be able to find these men. This was delivered for you. You're not going to wear that. Tasha. (Riker emerges in full local costume, left breast and chest hair to the waist fully on show. The women find it highly amusing) I wish they weren't necessary. Tasha! (Below them is a cave and settlement, and a man at a table) Seven years on an alien planet, and I sense no anticipation, no excitement at being rescued. But Mistress Beata We wish you well, Mister Ramsey. Mister Ramsey and the other survivors refuse to leave. It doesn't feel right to leave while Beata is determined to execute those people. Something's wrong. (Beata enters, with Trent) Mistress Beata is willing to give you a second chance. We're prepared to take your entire group with us. What of them? They're still here! It's good to be back. We improvised, sir.
Visionaries who don't see this planet as it is, but as it will be. We alarm him for some reason. His fear is escalating. I sense deliberate concealment, sir. I don't know, but it's intense. He is concealing something. It's more than just being too busy. Your announcement about coming down has sent him almost to a point of panic. Aye, sir. The other two are secretive, but she is as open as she appears. What you're doing here is miraculous. Commander! Malencon. He's in trouble! It was useful. I felt two levels. He did know about the life form, but the idea of murder seemed to shock him. Whether it was the whole idea, or just being accused of it, I can't tell. Terraformers are often obsessive. It frequently goes with the career profile. She's possessed of highly abstracted reality. Lovely visions, little data. You might do better than I. [Luisa's quarters] (Luisa has been crying when the door bell rings) But you tried to keep that knowledge from us. We see and hear you now. We didn't know you were there. You are beautiful to us. All life is beautiful. Our apologies.
Scanners may show nothing, sir, but I'm sensing something very strong. Thousands of minds. Very close. They want something from us, something we value greatly. So much, that they're afraid we won't part with it. Why? That might be acceptable to some other races, but humans are unusually attached to their offspring. They'll need to speak to you as well, Captain. We can't be sure. We do know the Aldeans can't have children of their own. And we know they'll make good parents. (Wesley enters with Alexandra)
Nothing. He was being controlled by a mind altering machine, Commander. Without his knowledge.
How would he react under stress? In a difficult situation a man like that would act aggressively. What happened to all the people? You, sir? Captain, I take great exception to your decision to beam down. Lieutenant, I need to speak to you. I know, but as Counsellor I have a duty to evaluate the emotional fitness of the crew. Not at all. You're under tremendous pressure, more than you've ever experienced. On the contrary. You should be proud of the way you're handling command. You've kept a cool head, taken charge, and made some very difficult decisions. Did you hear the uneasiness in his voice? Yes, but he isn't handling the stress as well as you are. Both he and Ensign T'Su are very young. Yes, but they lack battle experience. They're worried about making mistakes, and they need some encouragement. Just remember it's you they draw strength from. They look to you for guidance and for leadership. Help them. Show confidence in them.
This is Counsellor Troi. I'll relay, sir. The pilot is busy. We've lost most of our impulse power. I can hear you.
Captain, the level of tension on the ship is mounting. Sir, I find it strange that none of our visitors feels much remorse about the two freighter passengers who perished. Yet that barrel of cargo is a source of great anxiety to them.
Captain? Excuse me. I think you would prefer to discuss this in private. When Professor Manheim's name was mentioned, you reacted with intense emotion. I don't want to interfere with your personal life, but unresolved strong emotion can affect judgement. As Ship's Counsellor, I offer my assistance. Confronting deep personal issues is not easy for you. You tend to suppress them. There are a few hours until we arrive. Perhaps you should use this time to analyse your feelings and put them into perspective. I wanted to see how he was doing. I thought I was the empath. [Doctor's Office] Are you all right? That's not what I meant. Captain Picard She's not a ghost. She's here right now. Computer, this is Counsellor Troi. Request access. No, continue the programme. The Captain is waiting for you inside. [Cafe des Artistes] It's across the square from the Zanza Men's Dance Palace.
I know I won't. I've been really looking forward to a nice swim. Data, it's just not the same. Have you ever been for a real moonlight swim? How about you, Mister Worf? Code Forty Seven. Captain's eyes only. [Picard's quarters] (Picard is in bed, asleep. That pillow cum bolster looks very uncomfortable) But you're putting your career at risk for him. They illicitly used the emergency channel to draw you here. Then they asked you to keep secrets from your superiors. Effectively, to disobey Starfleet regulations. Don't you think you should tell the rest of the crew? Hard to say. Someone is hiding something, but I can't tell who or what.
There is limited information, but I will prepare something. As you know, there is very little available on the Romulans. They seem to be creatures of extremes. One moment violent beyond description, the next tender. They are related to the Vulcans, but as each race developed, their differences grew wider. They are intensely curious. Their belief in their own superiority is beyond arrogance. For some reason they have exhibited a fascination with humans and it is that fascination, more than anything else, that has kept the peace. One other thing. They will not initiate anything. They will wait for you to commit yourself. Yes, sir. [Clare's quarters] (There's a model of NCC1701 on a stand) Hello. My name is Deanna. I'm the ship's Counsellor and I thought you might want to talk. I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with that term. You're feeling profoundly sad. He must have thought you would have wanted it. Let's see if we can find out. Computer, this is Counsellor Troi. Request personal history on. What are their names? Well, there must be a record somewhere. There is a good chance we can find it. Ten generations of your progeny. No, not at all. [Sonny's quarters] (also with a model NCC1701) I've found something. I have been able to locate a family living outside of Indianapolis. The man's name is Thomas Raymond. Computer, let us see Thomas Raymond. Actually, it's your great, great, great, great, great grandson. Well, I have his address. When you get back to Earth, you can go and see him. Perhaps. But it's a place to start. After all, he is family.
More so for me. Last night, while I slept, something which I can only describe as a presence, entered my body. Captain, do whatever you feel is necessary to protect the ship and the crew, but know this. I'm going to have this baby. I should be feeling uncomfortable with all the changes in my body but, I don't. I feel fine. Better than fine. Wonderful. Data, will you help me get to Sickbay. [Pulaski's office] It's time. Very close together. Difficult under the circumstances. Doctor, I think Commander Data will do very nicely. You don't have to do anything, Data. Just be with me. It's happening. Data! Now! I have felt no pain. No, none at all. (Worf and two guards enter) Not according to my mother. Ian Andrew, after my father. (Riker comes forward) Were you hear all along? Fine. Wonderful. Thank you, Doctor, for everything. Come in. Ian, say hello to Captain Picard. Ian? Ian! It's time to go, sweetheart. I thought you would. Say thank you to Miss Gladstone for having you, and let's go get something to eat. Thank you. [Transporter room] Come in. We're doing fine. I was just about to get him his supper. They had a litter today in the nursery. Is that better, sweetheart? Everything's going to be fine. Ian, I think the Captain wants to know if you are ready to tell us why you came here. The answer is within him. When his cognitive powers have sufficiently developed, he will be able to articulate it. Yes. I feel it too, but don't you worry. What? You? What are you saying? Leave? You are going to die. No, you can't! Sickbay, this is Counsellor Troi, I need the Doctor in my quarters now! Ian! Ian, no. Ian. (Pulaski arrives with Data and Riker) It's Ian. Hurry. No. Ian said he's the reason the ship is in danger. You must save him. Then Ian was right. He was the cause. He is a life force entity. When we passed each other in space, he was curious about us, so he decided the best way to learn was to go through the process. To be born, to live as one of us and in that way to understand us. He never meant any harm. He said, thank you. I told him we will miss him. And I will. [Bridge] (approaching a space station) Well, we know he'll get his sleep.
You're worried. About Worf or Commander Riker? I know what you're asking, but I feel nothing from it. I'm not certain of that now, Captain. I do sense something unusual. Yes. Perhaps an intelligence so vast it eluded me. Exactly! Good. Don't satisfy its curiosity. (A face appears in the void) I know this much. We are unimportant to it. No. A laboratory experiment would be the closest comparison. No. Our destroying ourselves won't change its mind, Captain. I would feel that. I was wrong not to tell you, Captain. And your decision may also be wrong. (Door bell) We should not let ourselves die, Jean-Luc. If only half of us live, then I'd rather take my chances on being one that does. It is wrong. Captain, it has gone. I no longer feel its presence.
Captain, I'm sensing something from the holodeck. It's as if a unifying force or a single consciousness is trying to bring it all into focus.
His emotions suggest that he's mischievous, irreverent and somewhat brazen. The word that seems to best describe him is rogue. Yes, Data, but there is no malevolence or ill will. He believes what he's saying. His anger is genuine. We are dealing with ancient codes involving procreation. While they may be meaningless to us, to Debin they represent his honour. He will fight, risking himself, his crew, his daughter and her unborn child. Now we're hearing some truth.
Did Data say why he wants to see us? How so? Yes, but you do know better. Androids don't feel such things. Yes, I'm here, Data. Geordi said you wanted to see us. It's er, very different. I'm sorry, I have to go now. Goodbye. (Troi leaves, quickly, laughing) What do you mean? Now wait a minute. I don't understand [Living room] This might sound crazy, but for a moment I thought I was stuck in that wall. We're from a ship called the Enterprise. We monitored your distress call but then you never acknowledged our response. Chance? What chance? (A door opens and a crotchety old man enters) That's funny, I thought most doctors were people. I thought you didn't like people. I'm Deanna Troi. It's an honour to meet you, Doctor Graves. His feelings towards you are very warm. He's attracted to you in many ways. I'm still concerned, Captain. I've never seen him act like this. I hope you're right. I hope that's all it is. [Bridge] Jealousy. Intense, burning jealousy. A human emotion, and it was coming from Data. [Ready room] (Data is preening himself in the reflection in the window) Perhaps we're looking in the wrong place. Well, if Data's physical health is unimpaired, perhaps his mental health needs to be addressed. With your permission, Captain, there is one way to find out. [Data's quarters] Now, Data, you remember the psychotronic stability examination. We all had to take it before graduating from the Academy. It will just gauge your psychological reactions to the images it projects. Watch the screen and let your mind go blank. The device will do the rest. (She puts cortical monitors on his forehead and a series of images flashes on a screen, including a waterfall, Kareen, fire, Graves, Tasha, Kareen again, Picard and other crew members. They get faster and he gets more tense) [Ready room] I have the results of the tests. I ran them several times to be sure. There are two disparate personalities within Lieutenant Commander Data. Each distinctly different. A dominant and a recessive. It must be. The dominant personality is unstable. Brilliant but vain, sensitive yet paranoid. And I believe it is prone to irrationality. Sir? It seems to have an especially strong hatred of you, Captain, or to a lesser degree, any authority figure. And worst part is, it's growing. The alien persona is getting stronger and gobbling up what is left of the weaker ego, the Data we know. If something isn't done to stop it immediately, we will lose our Data forever. Captain's personal log. We have arrived at Starbase Six where Miss Brianon will await transport back to Earth. I am greatly troubled by the unusual behaviour of Commander Data and fear that somehow it is directly related to the experiments of Ira Graves. [Corridor] He should be in his quarters. You ordered him not to leave. (Picard activates the computer interface) Yes. Always. Yes. He was working on bridging the gap between man and machine.
Have your sensors indicated any problem down there, Lieutenant? But you're feeling a certain confusion about this mission. Yes. I've never known you to have such strong emotions, except when you're expecting to do battle. Captain. Riva. (He goes and stands on his dais. Picard steps forward but is gestured to stop. Two men and a woman in white enter and stand in front of Riva) Yes. (Riva walks towards Troi) I am flattered. I too am look forward to learning more about you. (Riva goes back to his dais) Your method of communication is most elegant and quite beautiful. This part of you doesn't speak very often. This way. (Troi leaves with Riva and the Adonis) Yes, I suppose in a way it is. You mean some emotion buried in your psyche? Exactly what are you feeling? Some of it. I'd like that. Will he be with us? I look forward to that time. Yes. I've grown so accustomed to it, I forget it's there. How do we communicate? I know you can read lips, but I need your words. (Riva begins to use sign language and Troi works out their meaning.) Words are here on top. What's under them, their meaning, is what's important. Yes, that's true. We both know how to express important words, like dream. Being here with you. Yes, being here with you know is very special to me, too. [Bridge] They need you on the Bridge, now. [Bridge] (Troi, Riva and the whole Chorus enter) Riva, go slowly. Slowly. The same. He's withdrawn. He's very frightened. All of his life he's been in control, and now for the first time he doesn't have any answers. The doctor gave him a complete medical examination. I don't know what we can do to help him. It's up to him, and he's stopped cooperating. Confidence is faith in oneself. It can't easily be given by another. Don't turn away. You have a chance to make some good come out of this tragedy. This could be the catalyst which binds them together. The Solari need you. The Captain is going to take you to Ramatis. But first, he's given me permission to attempt to settle the conflict down on Solais. Yes. We've come so far, and paid such a terrible price, I must try. Help me. I have never attempted anything like this before. When dealing with two factions so diametrically opposed, so entrenched in their positions, where do you start? I want to know anything you can tell me that could help. What about your Chorus? So there was a trick. That's very hard to accomplish. This isn't going to be easy for me. But what I do is different. Why can't you do that? Why can't you turn your disadvantage into an advantage? Riva is going to teach them sign language. While they are learning how to communicate with Riva, they'll be learning how to communicate with each other. Time well spent. You wanted to see me?
You wanted to see me, Captain? I've never met a more dedicated physician. I would say she has a passion for her work. I feel your concern, Captain, but I don't share it. Perhaps because I've had the opportunity to spend more time with her and get to know her better. Nothing, Captain. Nothing else since? Doctor Kingsley sincerely believes the children are not a threat, but she's not telling us the whole truth. I recommend caution. Captain, there's a definite presence, a distinct personality. Even in stasis it's quite strong. The child is unquestionably telepathic. Why do you say that? Kate, I don't think he'd be where he is if he couldn't see the human side of the equation. Perhaps the two of you aren't all that different. Let's just say you both have well established personalities. [Doctor's office] Shouldn't Doctor Pulaski be involved in this? Well I suggest we beam them both back onto the ship. Commander Data is most likely immune and surely the biofilter will Her last ship was the Repulse. Captain, Kate knew what she was doing.
I would have thought the inhabitants of Daled Four would send a future leader to a more hospitable environment. Yes, but sixteen years. Captain, I'm concerned our new passengers. Their emotions do not fit who they are and what they're doing. Actually no, it's more like they're not what they say they are. What I sensed before hasn't changed. Whatever kind of life form Anya is, emotionally she's Salia's mother. Exactly.
She's extremely anxious. Our presence in the Neutral Zone is provocative. It could force her to respond. If we have established that the Romulans were not responsible for the destruction of the Yamato, would it not be prudent to withdraw? In another time and place this could be funny. Sub-Commander Taris is deeply frustrated, probably because her ship is as crippled as the Enterprise. The tension on the ship is very high. Give everyone something to do, somewhere to focus their attention. To the planet? But you might need me if you have to negotiate with Taris again.
Any indication of what destroyed it, Data? I don't feel he's in any danger. In fact, if I could choose one word to assess his mood, it would be amused. Captain, the situation down there has changed. Commander Riker has become tense. Closed in, he's feeling trapped. [Casino] It may get better. [Casino] I don't believe this dialogue. Did humans really talk like that? With your permission, sir. (Troi leaves)
I have never felt anything quite like this before, so it's difficult to put into words. That person is you. He is as much Jean-Luc Picard as the person I am standing next to. Beyond that, there is very little I can be sure of. I will have to wait until he regains consciousness before knowing more. I'm able to feel much more from him now, Captain. His emotions are still a jumble, but He desperately wants to leave this ship. Captain's log, supplemental. We continue on course to Endicor. We are now less than two hours away from our rendezvous with ourselves. [Bridge] Captain, he doesn't understand you. Yes, but in a nightmare of disjointed images and half-heard voices. He's in another dimension, looking at us across a great chasm. And he's feeling remorse at what he has witnessed. He's afraid. It's no use, Captain. He can't answer you. Yes, but you're not convinced. I think he's handling it very well. Yes, because of what he represents. Doubt. He's afraid that seeing him here and knowing what happened to the Enterprise will make him timid, or worse, make him to hesitate. Doctor, the Captain is quite capable of command decisions. Which is understandable, and healthy. I don't think that will be necessary. Captain, there is a consciousness here. Not thought, more like instinct. I think it's trying to determine if we are a life force. It's you, Captain. It was the entire ship, but now it has focused its attention entirely on you. Yes. I think it would.
Commander Pulaski's greatest medical skill is her empathy. You must be Commander Riker's father. We've all heard about you, and I felt certain things. At your service. Because you are intelligent, wise and quite correct. You're also very anxious about something. It's Will, isn't it? You're not as close to him as you'd like to be. I'd like to help you if I can. If you'll let me. You don't seem to be the kind of man to give up so easily. What is it you want from him? Respect is earned, not bestowed. Perhaps you want him to be proud of you. You carry great pride in his accomplishments. Yet you covet his success. True, you're well respected in your field. And false humility. Honesty is the trait he admires most. And you should honestly consider why you're so competitive with your own son. Are you sure he'll accept such a dangerous assignment? How can you be so sure? I don't like good-byes. How about, until next time? It's been a pleasure serving with you, Commander. I'm supposed to know how everyone feels but, I can't read you right now. My job is to help others sort out their emotions. My own feelings are beside the point. Are you feeling sad? So am I. (She falls into his arms, weeping) [Corridor] You will enjoy this one. I know what an important day this is for you, the anniversary of your Rite of Ascension. All your friends on board do. And certain resourceful young Ensigns. Just bear with me. The holodeck. I think you will approve. No. Is Lieutenant Worf all right? So it was a good ceremony? Klingon culture is not in your taste? Have they? Commander Riker and his father are in the gymnasium, about to engage in barbarism of their own. In spite of human evolution, there are still some traits that are endemic to gender. Human males are unique. Fathers continue to regard their sons as children, even into adulthood. And sons continue to chafe against what they perceive as their fathers' expectations of them. Perhaps that's part of their charm, and why we find them so attractive. And his father.
No, I'll just watch you and be impressed. You know, I never particularly thought of you as an animal person. On the holodeck we've made that legend come true. So you like horses for the romance? Now I understand. You don't want the comfort of a pet, you want a companion. (Picard hands her his riding crop while he tacks up) I had a Betazoid kitten once. My mother and the cat reacted badly to one another. No, I prefer a mode of transportation that doesn't have a mind of its own. We become too involved in the thoughts and shifting passions of the beast. We lose our way and get swept up in emotion. Leadership grows from self-confidence, which is also part of a Starfleet officer's education. You can't guide someone into adulthood. The experiences are unique to each person. Whether Wes succeeds or fails, he will learn from the experience. Yes. What have you done so far? But they're all much older than you are. Sometimes. If there is a cosmic plan, are we not a part of it? Our presence at this place at this moment in time could be a part of that fate. It's all right, no one's going to hurt you. We'll just go and get a treat, and then Come on, it'll be all right.
Where's the Captain? Captain, this is Counsellor Troi. We're not dealing with an individual mind. They don't have a single leader. It's the collective minds of all of them. Yes, A single leader can make mistakes. It's far less likely in the combined whole.
Commander? Lieutenant La Forge is on an alien ship? Commander. Those aliens. What they feel is not helplessness. Lieutenant La Forge is in great danger! He's in danger, great danger. It's not our help they want. You think they're weak. They have what they want. For now. [Shuttlecraft] It's all deception. Nothing the Pakleds have said or done has been sincere. For the sole purpose of making Lieutenant La Forge their prisoner. Captain's personal log, stardate 42779.5. We have arrived at Starbase Five One Five. I'm still quite uneasy, despite assurances that this medical procedure poses little risk. [Starbase 515 Medical Complex] And now they have become militant. They are unwilling to wait for the timely evolution of their species' intellectual capacity. They want instant knowledge, instant power and gratification. Would you be suggesting a ruse of some sort? He's afraid. Yes. the Captain needs our help.
Captain, these people have been isolated for three hundred years. They could be very unsophisticated. The shock of suddenly being transported onto a spaceship could frighten them, to say the least. I would urge caution. He's hiding something. I know the Mariposan culture seems alien, even frightening, but really, we do have much in common. They're human beings fighting for survival. Would we do any less? Yes. They have the energy and drive, and the clones possess the emotional maturity and the technological knowledge.
Oh, my God. What's she doing here? Mother. Mother, please, don't do this to me. It's so like my mother to do the unexpected. Where they belong, Mother, Right under you. Captain Picard, Mother. (Lwaxana turns and sees the Antedeans) I can't believe you, Mother. You sound like you're sizing up a commodity. No. He worshipped you. But I don't think I'll ever learn to see men the way you do. Perhaps I should tell you something about my mother's condition at this time. It's something that occurs to Betazoid females as they enter mid-life. We call it the phase. Similar. It's only at mid-life that a Betazed female becomes, well, fully sexual, if you know what I mean. I wonder if I shouldn't warn him? Doctor ! Yes. An animal is always at its best when hunted. I hope I'm not interrupting. Why would you come aboard at a time like this? Don't be absurd, Mother. You knew what would happen. [Corridor] What stage is it in? What stage is it in? Now I know why you wore that dress. What are we going to do? Mother, don't even think it. Actually, her telepathic prowess is quite advanced. Except for now. My mother is beginning a physiological phase. It's one that all Betazoid women must deal with as they enter mid-life. Or more. I didn't want to frighten you. She has opted for the only dignified option open to her. She has decided to focus all of her sexual energy on one male, who will, of course, eventually become her husband. It seems, Captain, that you are the early favourite. You cannot apply human style logic to this, Captain. A Betazoid woman in the phase would be shocked and deeply resentful, should you spurn any such advances. She would take it personally. I'm afraid so, Mother. Alternate plan? Mother, what are you doing here? You can't just stroll on to the Bridge whenever you feel like it. No. Why did you stop me? Someone needs to set her straight! Coward. But you always say you like surprises, Mother. [Transporter room]
Why too late? And you believe you can convince these Klingons that the humans are now their allies? I will escort you to the guest quarters. I didn't know it was possible for a human and a Klingon to produce a child. I know exactly what you mean. My father was human and my mother is a Betazoid. I never felt trapped. I tried to experience the richness and diversity of the two worlds. Oh, I doubt that. And your Klingon side? Everyone has tempers. And it frightens you. It gives you strength. It's a part of you. You're upset. Well, that and the table. May I make a suggestion? Actually, I was going to suggest something else. I find the exercise programs on the holodeck rigorous enough to put my mind off most frustrations. That, too [Corridor] (So, in a purple striped catsuit, she prowls down to the holodeck) So that when the T'Ong's crew awakens, they're surrounded by their fellow Klingons. They could have been on a scientific voyage.
Data, humans sometimes find it helpful to have an outsider set the standard by which they're judged. Will. In her own way, Doctor Pulaski was instructing you to take the shortest route to victory. You advanced quite far against such a worthy opponent. Data. That was going to be my question. You know, some of our greatest advances have come from analysing failure. While it can be ego-bruising Yes. Well, a loss can be disheartening. Data. You can handle defeat in two ways. You can lose confidence, or you can learn from your mistakes. Is that all necessary? That is why you haven't been on the Bridge. I think you're really over-reacting. I'm sure you're all right. Yes, sir. And from these specifics, what general conclusion can you extrapolate? Wait, wait. You're over-analysing, Data. One cannot deny human nature. What kind of a man is Commander Riker? Yes. And he won't give up. The man that he is. Exactly. You'll have to decide that for yourself. [Bridge]
You're a very entertaining patient. Yes. you're making quite an effort to be cheerful. You feel what anyone in your position would feel. Even now? And a lot of impudence. Imzadi. Hang on, Will. Hang on. Why won't they stabilise? Is the stimulation preventing the infection from taking hold? He's dreaming. [Encounter at Farpoint- Holodeck] I don't like goodbyes. How about, until next time. It's been a pleasure working with you, Commander. I'm supposed to know how everyone feels, but I can't read you right now. My job is to help others sort out their emotions. My own feelings are beside the point. Are you feeling sad? So am I. [Sickbay] He's relaxed. Experiencing feelings of warmth and friendship. To intensify his memories? No, it's just that Commander Riker's emotions are rather passionate. Very much so. [11001001 - Bourbon Street Bar] Then all we've done is made things worse. Or the emotions that they produce. Then if some types of endorphins attract them You must save him. Sadness. Then your theory's correct. The organisms are sensitive to different types of endorphins. Such as sadness Then we've found a way to repel the infection. How much time do we have? But we've isolated the specific areas to stimulate. The feelings were primal. Survival emotions. Can't you intensify that emotion? Do we have a choice? He's getting weaker, isn't he? Can we tighten the pattern further? [11001001 - Engineering] The growth rate's almost down to zero. I could ask you the same question. Oh yes we would.
Captain, when the treaty was first negotiated the Federation sent three hundred and seventy two legal experts. What do we have? In our dealings with other non-humanoid races there has been some point of reference. Not so with the Sheliak. Barely. They have learned several Federation languages, but theirs continues to elude us. Attempted and failed. Actually, the fact that any alien race communicates with another is quite remarkable. We are stranded on a planet. We have no language in common, but I want to teach you mine. (she hold up his cup of tea) S'smarith. What did I just say? Are you sure? I may have meant liquid, clear, brown, hot. We conceptualise the universe in relatively the same way. In your talks, you must be extremely accurate. The treaty is five hundred thousand words. The length was to accommodate the Sheliak. They consider our language irrational, and demanded this level of complexity to avoid any future misunderstandings. The temporary presence of these humans should not interfere with your plans. I don't follow you, sir.
Excuse me, Captain, but Doctor Stubbs is waiting outside. (Stubbs has walked in) Doctor Stubbs, I know how much this means to you. His nonchalance is studied and practised. He's put his entire self-worth on the line with this experiment. He is telling the truth when he says he'd rather die than leave. [Engineering] May I come in? I only want to help. I'm only worried about your state of mind, Doctor. Your single-mindedness, your need to have this experiment work. Your self portrait is so practiced, so polished. It is stretched so tight the tension fills this room. And if you finally fail, I fear it will snap.
Captain, there are eleven thousand inhabitants in this colony. At this range, I should be sensing something. I'm not. Could the colonists have escaped? What I sense of them is human. It's difficult to explain. I feel there's something different about these two people. I'm sorry. I can't be clearer than that. I'm sorry. I don't sense them well enough. (Once again the music renders the dialogue increasingly inaudible) I'm sorry, I'm not feeling very well. I'd like to go to my quarters. Don't listen. Think of something else. Stop! Please, stop! (The doorbell chimes and she pulls herself together) Yes? (Picard enters) I'm fine. There's nothing wrong. I'm just tired, that's all. It's so silly. I hear music. In my mind. Music that won't stop. No, it's deeper than that. The song doesn't stops for an instant. It plays in perfect clarity from beginning to end over and over again. I don't even know what song it is. I never heard it before. A few hours ago, while the away team was on the surface. I was trying to, I was thinking of Rishon and Kevin. I can't explain it, Captain. They're elusive. They're, I'm sorry Stop! Stop! Please, I'll do anything! Make it stop! (Crusher enters the darkened room) It's so loud! It's getting louder! Please, I can't stand it. Make it stop! I hear it. It's still there! It's so loud! No, I want to stay in my quarters. I don't want to sleep. The music will only follow me. It's not a dream. It's real. [Living room]
We set him free. Riker and I do not believe in these fables about an Overseer. Uh un.
I don't think so. She seems to want to help him. By force. Standing by. [Aster home] Captain, she's back. She's trying to take Jeremy off the ship again.
I'm sorry, Captain, it's just a rare pleasure to meet this side of your personality.
There's great hostility behind his smile. He'll stop at nothing to complete his mission. It's Geordi.
Computer, dispatches. Transfer the letters from my mother to the viewscreen. And, computer, I would like a real chocolate sundae. Real. Not one of your perfectly synthesised, ingeniously enhanced imitations. I would like real chocolate ice cream, real whipped cream Listen Now what? Yes, Captain? [Ten Forward] Captain, I'm not really dressed for a reception. God forbid I should miss my first look at the wormhole. [Ten Forward] Just tell me there's some chocolate here. Your discovery has produced a great deal of excitement, Premier. Ship's Counsellor Deanna Troi. Hired gun? Come in. No, I was just looking over some personnel files. I thought you'd be deep in negotiations by now. What about your travelling companion? Why? Weren't you getting along? What? Was I? What Thank you. Come in for a drink? Not your style? What would you like? (He takes a kiss) I'm not. Computer, champagne. No, I'm moving too fast for me. I haven't been able to stop thinking about you all day. (They kiss again) Anticipation is fun. (another kiss) We'll be late for dinner. Mmm? Mmm-hmmm. (she lies back on the bed) Devinoni Ral. Who are you? Not much. My human physical response must be blocking them out. It never happened to me before. There aren't any others. Currently. Who have you been talking to? Will Riker and I are good friends. It was once a little more than that. How come we're talking about me instead of you? Oh no, I want to know about you. When I first saw you, I felt as if I'd been waiting for you. I'm trying to understand why or how that's possible. What? You're empathic? That's why you left Earth. Sorry. I'll say. Devinoni Ral. It's ridiculous, and wonderful. I feel completely out of control. Happy. Terrified. But there's nothing rational about this. I'm afraid I'm going to lose myself. I can't get enough of him. Is it possible to fall in love in one day? It was like this for you and Jack? Well then, maybe I should slow down. Catch my breath. Not let this get out of control. Everyone was talking today about the way you absorbed the Caldonian bid. Commander Riker didn't know how you managed it. But he doesn't have an edge. Your edge. Isn't it? Why haven't you told anyone you're an empath? I think you don't tell them so you can gain an advantage. But you're reading their emotional states, their inner selves, and then using that to manipulate them. I do it to help my crew, not outmanoeuvre them. And I don't hide that I'm an empath. That's different. That's a matter of protection. Captain, he's lying. I'm almost sure of it. He doesn't mean what he says. Excuse me, Premier. There's something you should know. I'm sorry, was there something you wanted to say? I sensed you suddenly felt uncomfortable. But that's what's so odd. It wasn't tense at all. In fact, I sensed no tension from you or Goss. It was as though you were performing a scene for all of us. I agree, entirely. Mister Ral asked me not to tell anyone he has empathic powers which he uses to manipulate his competitors in a negotiation. And yes, it did put me in a conflict of interest, which I hope I have now resolved. Premier, I believe Ral has used your fear of continuing aggression between the Federation and its enemies to undermine our position. I also believe that this incident was staged by Ral and Goss to provide you a reason to choose in favour of the Chrysalians. Come in. When do you leave? I'm sorry. You must have known I couldn't allow you to do that I already have a job as Counsellor. If you want to know what happens to Arridor and Kol in the Delta Quadrant,  here is the tale. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
When was the last attempt made? After a century of wandering, they may be ready to come home. Brull's ready to negotiate. He just wants privacy so that he won't appear weak in front of the other Gatherers. It's wonderful. You're not. I was just leaving. Please, sit down. (Troi leaves)
There's more here than you're telling us. You're forcing yourself to hold back. I'm not talking about the base.
Are you all right? You're on board the USS Enterprise. A Federation starship. We were orbiting Angosia when you escaped from Lunar Five. I'm Deanna Troi, ship's Counsellor. That terrifies you. Do they mistreat you there? Why do you have all this anger toward me? Why are you doing this? I am not a mind control expert. I came here because I sensed you were in pain. The pain is gone. There's a duality in the man. It's hard to describe. He's aware of his crimes. In fact, they trouble him deeply. He's intelligent, thoughtful, typically Angosian. I know what he's done, but when I'm with him I cannot believe he is randomly and deliberately violent. in fact, inherently, he has a non-violent personality. I'm not opening the door for him, Captain. I can only tell you that I sense something very unusual about him. Something that is not inherent to a criminal personality. I understand. [Bridge] Data, do we have a link up to the Angosian central computer? Can I see a police record on Roga Danar? (search negative) That's impossible. He's been in prison. Military? He's a soldier ? It doesn't say here what he was arrested for. Call up his military record. What was this man's crime? [Brig] I've learned you are a soldier. Why were you put in prison? There's no police record. What did you do? I don't understand. Because I want to help, if I can. You are a non-violent man, yet you committed acts of excessive violence. Did you have to? So it started with the war? Roga Danar was an idealistic young man who answered his people's call to service. He joined the military to fight for the Angosian way of life. What he didn't realise was that by doing so he would have to give up that way of life for ever. He's not the same man who left home to go to war. He's been through intense psychological manipulation and biochemical modifications. His own government. He's been programmed to be the perfect soldier. He can be absolutely normal, but when a danger is perceived, the programming clicks in and takes over. Memory, strength, intelligence, reflexes, all become enhanced. He's conditioned to survive at any cost. He committed no crime. He says he was ordered there with others like him. When the first soldiers returned to Angosia, they had trouble. The rules changed too quickly. A lost temper could result in murder. They were just exiled to Lunar Five. Roga, this is Captain Picard. I do not believe that. Perhaps when this planet becomes a member of the Federation, we'll be able Roga, don't! You'll be killed! (The security guards draw their phasers, there's a big flash) [Transporter room] Yes, Captain. They were not welcome here. There are methods of treatment. Until you try them, how can you know they won't work? Even a partial recovery could give them some peace. To allow them to suffer? Roga, tell them what you want.
We have no reason to believe she's been hurt in any way. The innocent often become the pawns in conflicts of this type, Wes. He needs your strength right now. His signal? [Engineering] Security. Code one emergency. Security! (The woman, Picard and Finn, vanish) [Side cave] (Beverly comes in to see Picard shackled hand and foot) [Bridge] (Riker and Alexana enter) Lieutenant Worf is recovering in Sickbay. The wound was not severe. Three dead, four wounded.
They made you human as part of your punishment? Why? I am sensing an emotional presence, Captain. I would normally describe it as being terrified. It seems you have an advocate, Q.
We understand how difficult this will be for you. If you need a recess, please, don't hesitate to ask. Will, come on, sit down. Will, I didn't sense any deception from her. No! No, of course not. I know you. You don't have to convince me of anything. It is the truth as each of you remembers it. We both know Will's innocent. Do you think there's enough evidence to prove his innocence? Well, he wouldn't have earned great profits from his dealings with Starfleet. We were only interested in a new power source.
Yes. He was very mysterious. It's not like Data to be so secretive. How do you do, Lal? Why didn't you give it a more human look, Data? Why should biology rather than technology determine whether it is a child? Data has created an offspring. A new life out of his own being. To me, that suggests a child. If he wishes to call Lal his child, then who are we to argue? You've never been a parent. [Ready room] That's right, Lal. Just like me. Whatever you choose will be yours for your lifetime. It's a decision that will affect how people interrelate with you. Several thousand? Yes, yes, of course, Data. Interesting. You'll be the only one on board the Enterprise, Lal. Very attractive. There's no problem with socialisation here. I like her. A friend for Worf. They're all very interesting. Do you have a favourite? Congratulations, Data. It's a girl. [Data's quarters] Come in. (Lal enters, obviously upset) Hello, Lal. How are you? You are scared, aren't you? I don't know. It lasted barely a moment. She experienced fear and confusion. And then for no apparent reason she walked out of my quarters. She didn't say another word, she just started walking here and each step became more and more difficult.
Are you adjusting to your new environment, Commander? (Kurn starts eating. No one else is)
If it's too rich, Geordi, fold. Would you care to join us, Captain? We have an opening. Flush. Queen high. Certainly, sir. I sense no unusual reaction, Captain. After all, such a change is hardly out of the ordinary. They're curious, yes. But concerned? No, they trust you. Sir? Well, I'd inform you, sir, of course. The Captain has given unusual orders before. The Captain does seem detached from his emotions. (Picard enters and goes to the bar) And he was very odd with me afterwards. He wanted me to warn him if the crew started to lose confidence in him. I detect no evidence of telepathic coercion.
It's good to be back. The last two weeks have been gruelling. He was. I don't know how he managed it. The Gemarians and the Dachlyds are both incredibly stubborn people. He has been under a great deal of strain lately. While we were on Gemaris, he ate sparingly and slept even less. Actually, I have a solution in mind, but I doubt he'll agree to it. Our captain needs a vacation. [Ready room] (Picard is so engrossed in what he is doing, that the doorbell has to ring twice to get his attention) Will, I've just had some terrific news. There's an excellent chance my mother may be joining us on Starbase twelve. She's returning home from a conference on Achrady Seven, and she's going to try to rearrange her schedule so she can spend some time visiting with us. She mentioned how much she was looking forward to seeing you again, Captain. You look very handsome, if I might saying so Captain. Too often, Commander. [Corridor] Enjoy your trip, Captain. Was it a relaxing trip, Captain?
Captain, let me come with you to greet Tam. I do. He was at the university on Betazed when I studied psychology there. No. He was a patient [Corridor] Tam is a telepath of extraordinary talent, even for a Betazoid. He's a specialist in first contact with new life forms. [Transporter room] He's a very unique person, but he's not what you might expect, Captain. (O'Brien beams the man in) I've been fine, but I thought The opportunity for discovery is extraordinary but I don't understand Starfleet's urgency. Well, in most Betazoids our telepathic gifts develop at adolescence. No. Except for some reason that no one understands, occasionally a Betazoid child is born different. Most Betazoids born like that never lead a normal life. And painful. Early diagnosis and special training did help Tam adjust, but he has some problems. For stress. Repeatedly, throughout his life. I thought you might be lonely. No one sees you except Data. You want them to dislike you. Why? I remember. And you're still looking. What happened there? No. What happened to you? So, after that you ran away? The last I heard, you were the only Federation delegate assigned to Chandra Five. Unlike humanoids? I believe your impression of Data is probably unique. But you accepted this mission. You could have stayed on Chandra Five. You willingly came aboard a ship with over a thousand people. How can you know that? Tam? You're in contact with it. With Tin Man. Aren't you? We're light years away. That's impossible, even for you. Tam. Stop this! You're losing yourself in this this merging. Captain Captain, the issue isn't one of trust in Tam's intentions, but in his judgment. I would trust him to do what he believes is right Is precarious. The stress of exposure to so many minds on the ship is bad enough. Now he's strongly drawn to this creature. I'm afraid for him. I sense that the alien is somehow calling him. If we allow him to do as he insists, to beam over, I'm believe that we will lose him to it. That he will lose himself. Captain, if Tam breaks down over there, we'll be no closer to accomplishing our mission. It would be a grave mistake. Captain, I don't Tam? You sent for me? What did happen? Wounded? Isolated? Data, you do understand.
I feel your confidence, your arrogant resolve. It excites me. Oh. What do you wish you had said? You're letting it get you much too upset. Why are you so hard on yourself? I understand, but let go of it. You're here now. Of course. Let me help you relax. (She starts massaging his shoulders) I knew you would. (They kiss) I am the goddess of Empathy. Cast off your inhibitions and embrace love, truth, joy. (Barclay embraces her, passionately) [Ten Forward] I know this is difficult for you. Is there anything I can do to make you more comfortable? Have you ever been with a counsellor before? Which one? Most people find a counsellor intimidating at first. It's okay if you feel that way toward me. Good. Now, lean back, close your eyes. I want to make you more comfortable. Yes. (She dims the lights slightly and sits next to him) It's okay. Close your eyes. Just listen to the sound of my voice. Take a slow deep breath in through your nose and let it out through your mouth just as slowly. That's better, isn't it? But I had a very strange visit from one of your officers today. To be honest, I'm not sure what happened. Computer, belay that order. If Barclay is having difficulty facing reality, to suddenly destroy his only means of escape would be brutal and could do considerable damage. You are very tall. It might be threatening to some people. It could provide us with valuable information about what's troubling him. You know, there's nothing wrong with a healthy fantasy life, as long as you don't let it take over. You're taking it so seriously. It's not without its element of humour. Computer, discontinue. Muzzle it. (they walk on and find Reg sleeping in the lap of Gainsborough Beverly) We have a lot to talk about, Mister Barclay. Good luck, Reg.
(to woman) See you later. (to Worf) Your first watch at Ops? I've been concerned about you. Because I know how I'd feel if I was asked to replace Data at his station. [Turbolift] I know, but this isn't a Klingon ship and Data was your friend. And it's the second time you've replaced a crewmate who's died. In true Klingon fashion.
Does this mean you're going to cancel the concert this evening? Why not ask his wife if she'd like to attend? Do you know why you did it? Beverly, this is important. What were you thinking when you hit Wes? And Wesley didn't provoke you in any way? It wasn't anything he said, or anything he did? I don't know why you did it either, but I can tell you that I've heard the same kind of story from ten different people over the last two days. [Bridge] Captain, this is not an isolated incident. There have been reports of random violence all over the ship. It's not that simple, Captain. I felt something during the concert. Vague and undefined, but very disturbing Well, Vulcans have the same basic emotions we do. They've just learned to repress them. What I sensed during the concert was that he'd lost control. Vulcans possess telepathic ability. Sarek may unintentionally be projecting intense emotions onto other people, at random.
Mother, we're among non-telepaths. It's impolite not to speak aloud. Let's not guess what might have been. I love my work aboard the Enterprise. (gets up) Could I? (Riker and Troi leave Lwaxana and go to sit at the bar) Are we at war with the Ferengi yet? My mother will be relieved. I'll be sure to tell her you said so. Mother? Mother, please. The Sacred Chalice of Rixx is an old clay pot with mold growing inside it. That's true. I'm sorry, and I didn't mean to get so upset with you at the reception. I am happy. Why can't you believe that? I get a great deal of satisfaction out of my work. This is my family. My friends here on the Enterprise. Mother, look. Perhaps some day I will marry. But you've got to let me make my own choices, live my own life, and not the life you would choose for me. I did not ruin anything. We've became very good friends. Little One? You called me that when I was five. Now stop demeaning me and address me as an adult! [Corridor] Maybe it died. It has been a few years. It's lovely. I remember that sound, and all the good times we had. Mother, how did you know about this place? Mother. Mother, stop it. I don't believe this. Why have you removed our clothing? So far, Mother's in no danger. I hope she knows what she's doing. [telepath] Good work, Mother. [aloud] According to Mother, DaiMon Tog is extremely relaxed at the moment. Let's see just how relaxed DaiMon Tog is. [Tog's quarters] We're running out of time. Farek's about to begin the neural scan on Mother. Meaning what? Mother. Will, we have to help her. [Bridge] Mother, we can't just leave you here. My mother bought our freedom, Captain. She doesn't want to stay with Tog. I think I know what she's doing. You have to fight to get her back, Captain.
I believe so. Sunad's hatred for John was evident but there's something else. The Zalkonians are afraid of John. Sunad thinks so. He feels personally threatened by John. The Zalkonians truly don't understand our indecision about returning John. In their eyes, we shouldn't even be involved.
No help there. Three jacks looking back for the handsome young ensign. (Shelby) Pair of deuces stands. (Riker) Flush, possible straight flush. Your bet, Mister Crusher. What do you think? I don't think so. You mean you're older, more experienced. A little more seasoned. I don't think you've lost a thing, and I think you've gained more than you realise. You're much more comfortable with yourself than you used to be. I'm not sure I know what that means. You're happy here. Happier than I've ever known you to be. So, it comes down to a simple question. What do you want, Will Riker? [Engineering] Commander Riker. It is inappropriate for you to lead the away team. Until the return of Captain Picard, you are in command of the Enterprise. We're in a state of war, and your place is on the Bridge. I'll see to that.
Data has made first contact with Captain Picard.
There is life on board, but it's fading. They're terrified. (Picard and Riker enter) He won't talk, Captain. We haven't been able to get through to him. Jono, what is it? Jono! I just suggested he take off his gloves. Suddenly he lost control. Captain, if Jeremiah is returned to his family in his present condition, it would be a wrenching experience for everyone. Especially for him. He needs to re-discover his identity, make some connection with his roots. I don't think I can do anything, Captain. Jeremiah needs to build a relationship with a man, a father figure with whom he can explore his origins. And I think it should be you, Captain. But you are the only person with whom he has shown any connection. If he is to find his humanity then you are the only one who can help him. It's up to you, Captain. [Guest quarters] (Jono is still keening) You wanted to see me, Captain? Really? I see. Seldom have I heard an explanation so well-rehearsed. Strange, isn't it? You'll travel light years, dodge asteroid storms, brave hostile aliens, and yet when asked to assume a parental role, you cringe. Why do you suppose that is? When you were a child, did you have any friends? Other children you played with? What were you going to say? You know, Captain, almost no one is born being a good parent. Most people just have to muddle through and do the best that they can. Yes. And you might be surprised at just how good you can be. [Corridor] (The sound of alien music can be heard all the way down the corridor - teenager in residence) [Picard's quarters] (Jono has rigged up a hammock near the ceiling) I sense awakening memories in the boy. This is a very fragile time for Jono. If we send away the man he calls father without even letting them see each other, how will we ever gain his trust? If we can just reach Jono, help him make some connections with his origins, he may choose to come with us.
Hey, hey, slow down. Why don't you try, Jake?
So, where have you decided to go? Really? Interesting. I just find it interesting. Captain Jean-Luc Picard, the man who couldn't be pried out of his seat for a vacation for three years I don't know. What do you think? Those you can see in the mirror. I agree. In fact, I'm delighted you're going. It's just that the choice of where you're going could stand some scrutiny. Is that what you believe? Captain, you do need time. You cannot achieve complete recovery so quickly. And it's perfectly normal, after what you've been through, to spend a great deal of time trying to find yourself again. Interesting. Have a good trip, Captain. (She kisses his cheek and leaves him to his packing. He decides against some books, takes a final look around and walks out) [Transporter room] Maybe. Will and I have been talking about going back to Angel Falls. Something from home? (reading a book title) How to Advance Your Career through Marriage? What's that? Why? Are you afraid of what it might say? Wesley has a lot of questions about his father. Things that you can't answer for him. Perhaps seeing this will help him understand. [Engineering]
If you can ask the question, I'd say no. Then ask me one I can answer. What if it is just you? So what? You've acted in the best interest of your ship and crew. What more could you ask of yourself? If it turns out to be a mistake, then we'll be a little late arriving at Durenia Four. That's all. When we reach Starbase, I'll order a complete workup, both physical and psychological. Can you go in and get her back?
I fold. You two have successfully divided the evening between you. Careful, Data. Incredible. He's deceiving us, and he's clearly hoping to manipulate us. As for the identity of the young woman, I can't really tell. I get a sense of ambiguity from her. Her loyalties are clearly divided, Captain. No, I'm just not sure she wants to escape. It's the only way of life she's ever known. Data? You seem so strong in your support. I'm curious.
Now something has changed that.
How are you feeling?
Beverly? We've contacted the nearest Starbase for a search vessel. I'm afraid the closest one is almost a week away. But we have asked the mining settlement to send any vessels they might have. You know, there are many reasons why the shuttlecraft may have been delayed.
Given in to what? Maybe some of us aren't facing it at all. Recovery from a great loss involves a great deal of pain. If we try to avoid that pain, we can make it harder on ourselves in the long run. Today would have been your husband's thirty eighth birthday. They didn't take everything away. (Brooks opens the box and it plays a tune) What? What? Oh. No, no, I'm fine. I'm just very tired, that's all. Will I see you tomorrow? Troi to Doctor Crusher. [Sickbay] I'm feeling very dizzy. I'm not sure. I'm not sure what happened. [Sickbay] Well, when I first called you I was feeling intense pain. Now it's gone, but I'm feeling a bit foggy. I think so. (then she gets a look of horror on her face) Nothing. Nothing, I'm fine. [Observation lounge] No, I don't think so. No. There's nothing. Nothing. I sense nothing. No, you don't understand. I don't sense anything. Not out there, not in here. All of you, you're all blank to me. [Sickbay] Unresponsive? But I feel perfectly fine otherwise. The Betazoid brain has a remarkable ability to heal itself. This condition could just reverse itself time. It's just hope, Beverly. Not false hope. Well, then I have an advantage, don't I? I see her quite often. You don't have to tell me, Beverly. I understand the psychology. I may be perfectly fine by tomorrow. Okay, fine, if I need to. Right now, I just want to go back to work. If there are no medical objections? Thank you, Beverly. Will. [Troi's office] Come in. You know what the worst part of this is? And I've seen it happen to so many patients. The way other people change. How they start to treat you differently. They walk on eggshells around you. Sometimes they avoid you altogether. Sometimes they become overbearing, reach out a helping hand to the blind woman. I will not be treated that way! Oh, please. I'm fine. If I get better, I get better. If I don't, I'll adapt. Life goes on. I really have to finish this. I have some appointments this afternoon. [Engineering] You said you woke up a new woman this morning. Tell me about her, this new woman. She's not? And you feel different now? Can I share something important with you? I've temporarily lost my empathic sense. It's kind of like having one hand tied behind your back. No, no, I'm fine. It's just I feel before we continue it's important you know that. Okay? Because I can't tell how you're feeling this morning, but it seems to me that one night of crying can't make up for months of denial. What do you mean by that? I'm doing the best that I can. Beverly, I can't do my job. I'm absolutely lost. You have to do something. Inconclusive. What does that mean? How do you people live like this? You have no idea. No idea what this is like. How can you know what it's like to lose something you never had? And yet you're telling me I'm supposed to get used to it. If our positions were reversed, I wouldn't have been in here treating skinned elbows while you were lying passed out on your office floor. I'd have been there a lot sooner. Perhaps in time to prevent this from ever happening! (Deanna storms off to her own quarters and marches in, fists clenched. There is a defenceless glass table expecting to get smashed, but instead she sinks to her knees) [Ready room] I've been working with Ensign Brooks since the death of her husband. She's avoided the reality of what happened, denied it to herself, and I realise I've been doing the same thing about my condition. It's time I accept the truth, Captain, and resign as ship's counsellor. I can no longer fulfill my obligations. What other option is there? It is for me. With all due respect, Captain, you don't know what you're talking about. That is a common belief with no scientific basis, no doubt created by normal people who felt uncomfortable around the disabled. I am disabled, and I'm telling you I cannot perform my duties. Captain, spare me the inspirational anecdote and just accept my resignation. [Troi's quarters] Come in. (Riker enters) I really would rather be alone right now. Is this how you handle all of your personnel problems? Will, I don't know what to do. I look around me and all I see are surfaces without depth. Colourless. Hollow. Nothing seems real. No, you're not. You're a projection, with no more substance to me than a character on the holodeck. You have no idea how frightening it is to just be here without sensing you, without sharing your feelings. What? That isn't true. Really, you don't have to. That's alright. I'm getting used to it. Sure. (Guinan sits with her) No. No. You'd make a good counsellor. About what? You becoming counsellor? It's more than just letting them cry on your shoulder. It takes an enormous commitment. Guinan, people come to you to talk about things they want to reveal. As ship's counsellor, you have to get them to talk about things they don't want to reveal. What are you? You don't really want to be ship's counsellor. I just know you're not serious. Not really, but No. I suppose it's just instinctive. I get it. You're trying to make me see that I have other abilities to draw on. Human intuition, instincts. Guinan, those skills only develop after years of experience. It's not that easy. So I'm discovering. [Bridge] Come in. Janet. Oh, I'm sorry, I meant to cancel your appointment today. Actually, I'm resigning as Ship's Counsellor. I think it was fairly clear during your last appointment. It was obviously non productive. I couldn't sense what you were feeling. You wanted to see me, Captain? How much time do we have? Sir? I thought Data had already tried to establish communications through the universal translator. I wish I knew how to help, Captain, but under the circumstances Are your signals reaching them? Is there any evidence at all that they're sentient? I'm sorry, Data. I don't seem to be much help without my empathic abilities. I just don't know how to draw on my human instinct. Right now, I feel as two-dimensional as our friends out there. In the universe but barely aware of it. Just trying to survive on instinct. Data, what if they're simply acting instinctively? There are inherent, inborn forces in every species. What they need, what they fear. We have to discover what drives this species. We can speculate on the available evidence. Which may suggest some kind of awareness of our presence. On a straight line to the cosmic string. You're convinced the string's gravitation is pulling them in? Why? Moths fly toward a flame. Horses sometimes run into a burning barn. Data, don't you see? We've been thinking in three dimensions. We have to get two-dimensional. Subspace signals, photon torpedoes, nothing's had an impact. It is reasonable to wonder if a gravitational pull, even as strong as a cosmic string's, would affect them. What if they've chosen a course to the cosmic string? A case of pure stimulus response, driven by instinct, just like the moth to a flame. [Bridge] It's all right. They're home. We were wrong. The cosmic string it was never dangerous to them. It was the one place in the galaxy they most wanted to be. Yes. I sensed it. [Ten Forward] Such overwhelming intensity of emotion. When we first encountered them, it must have been more than my senses could process. Something like that. Oh, Beverly. I was so awful to her. I never fully appreciated how difficult and how rewarding it is to be human, but I had a lot of help. Thanks. It's been taken. And you. Thank you for making me face my other half. A little. You were right, though. There is something to be learned when you're not in control of every situation. By the way. The next time you call me aristocratic. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
That's a good question, Data. I wish I had a good answer for you. Perhaps when they're ready, they will. A suitable guide for what? Good luck. Data, would you like my advice on how to help them? Don't. This is something they have to work out for themselves. There are many ways to help a friend, and sometimes the best way is to leave them alone. I don't know. They're very much in love, but sometimes that isn't enough. Marriage is an agreement to share who you are with someone else. To spend your lives together. To grow old together. Usually. Why do you ask? Data, I had no idea you'd thought about getting married. Data, you do have a lot to offer.
Running, Captain? You? That's hard to believe. They're our allies now, Mister Worf. We have to trust them. Yes, Captain.
This situation is deteriorating, Captain. The people are approaching levels of anxiety that could lead to suicide. An entire planet has been terrorised because of the suggestion that you're going to enslave the population. Or economic forecasts. She has an incredibly focused mind. It was virtually impossible to sense any deception. Or anything else, for that matter. Someone close at hand and yet unattainable. I can do anything for you, Captain. Anything you could ever imagine.
I think so. I'm feeling a bit unfocused. It'll pass. Just a moment. Yes. Yes, I'm fine. I suddenly became dizzy. I'd think I'd better go to my quarters. No. No, really, I'm all right. Thank you for coming with me, Mister Worf. I just need some rest. Thanks. (she goes inside her quarters. Worf is walking away when he hears a scream) The mirror. I came in here. I looked into the mirror. It wasn't me, Worf! It wasn't me! It was my face, but it wasn't me inside. (a little later) I feel fine, now. It wasn't what I saw, it was more what I felt. I looked into the mirror, and it seemed a stranger was staring back at me from behind my own eyes. As if my face was a mask. The plan has failed. Your ship is again in our space. Nevertheless, you are here. You have invaded our system. (Worf points a phaser at Troi) Your knowledge of us is unacceptable. Our stun field had no effect on him. He remained conscious while we tried to take over the ship. You are aware of our existence. Our attempt to place you in biochemical stasis has failed. We have no choice but to destroy this ship. No. There are over a thousand lifeforms on this vessel. How could you assure their silence? It does. It would take time. One of your days. He is immune to our influence. Agreed. Your plan has failed. This ship must be destroyed. Again? You are a most unusual species. Worthy of a second chance. Proceed. (the green leaves Troi and she falls to the floor) There's a general feeling of disorientation on board, but nothing serious as far as I can tell.
Please, don't be alarmed at our appearance. We've come with some important information. We come from a federation of planets. Captain Picard is from a planet called Earth, which is over two thousand light years from here. I'm from another planet called Betazed. We've come to you first because you're a leader in the scientific community. Scientists generally accept our arrival more easily than others. One of the things we monitor are your broadcast signals, your journalism, your music, your humour. Try to better understand you as a people. For several years. The capital city. He was under the name of Rivas Jakara, a tourist from the Marta community.
Captain, everything you did was consistent with established Starfleet procedures. Is there something we can do to help? Come on. You can do it. (and out slips a miniature version of the space creature) It's imprinted on us. It thinks the Enterprise is its mother. It's feeding off the energy of the Enterprise as it would from its mother.
I'm here. I'm right here. Voices? What do they say? Keep talking to me. I'll try to understand. [Brittain Bridge] I'm here. Can you hear me? Tell me about the voices you hear. I don't understand. Bright what? Tell me more. [O'Brien's quarters] (Miles is pacing when Keiko enters) I'm still here. I haven't gone anywhere. Do you remember anything more? What does that mean? Is something doubled? (she gets up and goes to where Beverly is checking out a crewwoman) Once before you said double. What did you mean? What is double? What do you mean? you can't leave? You want to leave. Why can't you? Two minutes. [Sickbay]
Wonderful! Wonderful. Well done. You've come a long way, Reg. I don't just mean your acting ability. It takes a great deal of courage to put yourself on display like that. There was a time when nothing could have dragged you onto a stage in front of an audience. You've made tremendous progress. Don't you think so? I disagree. This isn't fantasy, it's theatre. You used to withdraw onto the holodeck. You isolated yourself inside your own imagination, avoiding contact with real people. Look at yourself now. Look at all the other people you're with. You're not just acting, you're interacting. Give yourself some credit, Mister Barclay. Reg? May I join you? Hard at work? I really enjoyed the scene you just performed. Not at all. I thought you were brilliant. You've changed. Pure observation. I'm proud of you, Reg. I'm glad for you, too. Well, I'd better be going. I think so. Reg, as your former counsellor, I don't think it would be appropriate. Goodnight, Mister Barclay. [Engineering] Well, he did make a pass at me last night. (Riker and La Forge stare) A good one. No, but it's certainly unusual behaviour for Barclay. Captain, let me go to the holodeck and try and talk to him. Reg. So am I. Reg, you've frightened all of us. I'm sure that wasn't your intent. Are we children to you now? You've got it. From all of us. We don't need any more convincing. Please, obey the Captain's orders. Stop whatever it is you're doing. How can we trust an officer who doesn't follow orders? The Captain will do everything in his power to stop you. (and the lasers speed up even more) [Jefferies tube] (Red alert sounds) So how much do you remember? How do you feel now? You know. almost everyone has a moment in their lives when they exceed their own limits, achieve what seems to be impossible. You almost always feel a sense of loss, but it is possible to carry something of that experience through the rest of your life in ways that you aren't even aware of now. Excuse me, Commander, but I believe Mister Barclay and I had a date scheduled, for a walk in the Arboretum? (panic strikes Reg Barclay) I know. (he sees a chess game and goes over) I didn't know you played chess.
I thought you'd like to know the Council members have beamed aboard and been assigned their quarters. Captain, it really is quite late. I thought you'd already decided on a chronological structure. May I make a suggestion? Relax. You've written a brilliant speech. I doubt they see of you as an amateur. Not when it comes to Tagus Three. It is unfortunate that the Taguans no longer allow outsiders to visit the ruins. And I'm sure the council members will agree with you. Now goodnight, Captain. [Picard's quarters] (but he's still tapping at the PADD when he walks in and turns the lights down a little. Then he picks up the Horga'hn sitting on a table.) He does, when he thinks it's necessary. Not that I recall. You must understand, the Captain is a very Of course. Is this Tagus Three? Data, are you alright? Where's Vash?
J'Dan, we have confirmed reports that schematic drawings of our dilithium chamber fell into Romulan hands one week later. Our Chief Security Officer is Klingon. That has nothing to do with it. It's hard to tell. He is very closed, but he is hiding something. [Turbolift]
Mother, what did you want? You were waiting for me. Mother. Please. Mother, how much We're not alone, Mother. Now how much longer is this going to take? You've been selecting for twenty minutes. That's not very telepathic of you. You know, you're not just incorrigible, you're insatiable. [Bridge] Mother? What's going on? What are you doing? He can't, Mother. He has his orders. No, they apply to him. Of course I remember. We both cried. What do you think? You're feeling very vulnerable. Very mortal, if I may say so. I know you, Mother, and believe me, you will never be one of those who dies before they die. [Timicin's quarters] Not sure of yourself? You were honest with him, Mother. You had to be. Of course you do. But you didn't do this for yourself, you did it for him. Ritual provides a structure in society, good rituals and bad rituals alike. Your point of view. I'll see you later, Mother. Excuse me.
Where've you been? It's Ambassador Odan. I continually feel fluctuations of emotion from him. It could be. We know so very little about them. Hi. Is that the colgonite astringent you have on your eyes? I've never tried it. I didn't know you even came in here. But it feels good to indulge yourself sometimes. Especially when you haven't done so in a while. Beverly, you're in love. I don't really think it's really a secret. You've been glowing. Nothing. It's just something I sense in Odan. It's just, how well do you really know him? And you like it. Who was responsible? May I join you? What do your feelings tell you? Don't wish that, Beverly. You can't be open to love if you don't risk pain. Look at him. The first man I ever loved was my father. He was strong and tall. He carried me when the ground was muddy. He chased away the monsters that hid under my bed at night. And he sang to me, and kept me safe. And he went away. What I wouldn't give to hear those songs again. To feel his arms protect me. I never will, but I can still feel his warmth and his love as though he were here with me. If you can feel those things from the man we know as Will Riker, accept them. Accept the love. Captain's log, stardate 44823.8. Representatives of the two moons of Peliar Zel have agreed to come on board to meet the new Ambassador Odan. [Observation lounge]
You had a good time. You're more relaxed than I've ever seen you. (Geordi and Troi enter the turbolift) Geordi, I get the feeling that something special happened on this vacation, and I'm not talking about computers. Yes. And? And that's all? Yes? I know you do. Just take that memory and put it aside for a moment, and tell me everything you remember about the shuttlecraft trip after you left the Enterprise. And when you saw the Romulan ship, did you try calling for help? It'll take time, Geordi. A long time. But we will reconstruct your memory. Together. Believe it or not, that's a good sign. A beginning. Now, let's go back to the shuttlecraft. There was a Romulan ship and the first thing you did was? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I think you should be careful. This isn't just some experiment you're running, Data. Jenna is a living, breathing person with needs and feelings that have to be considered. I didn't say that. I just want you to be aware that this is unlike any other more casual relationship that you've attempted. Ultimately, Jenna will care for you for what you are, not what you imitate out of a book. We're all more than the sum of our parts, Data. You'll have to be more than the sum of your programming. [Bridge]
I'm not saying we should accept her claim at face value, but I sensed no deception from her. She really believes she is the daughter of Tasha Yar. Sela could have been cloned.
Everything in the previous encounters suggests a peaceable race. We have to start from there. I'm sense nothing but good intentions from them, Captain. Captain Picard could be dead by then. You're still assuming this is some sort of a challenge ritual. We can't be certain of that. Darmok. Well, it seems to be a point of contention between them. Perhaps something the Tamarian captain proposed that the First Officer didn't like. Computer, search for the term Darmok in all linguistic databases for this sector. Stop search. Computer, how many entries are there for Darmok? All our technology and experience, our universal translator, our years in space, contacts with more alien cultures than I can even remember. And we still can't even say hello to these people. A single word can lead to tragedy. One word misspoken or misunderstood. And that could happen here, Data, if we fail. Stop. Shantil Three. Computer, cross-reference the last entry with the previous search index. I think we've got something. [Planet surface] He may be injured. Unfortunately, it may not be that simple. It's as if I were to say to you, Juliet on her balcony. Exactly. Imagery is everything to the Tamarians. It embodies their emotional states, their very thought processes. It's how they communicate, and it's how they think. That's correct. For instance, we know that Darmok was a great hero, a hunter, and that Tanagra was an island, but that's it. Without the details, there's no understanding.
At least this man has genuine experience in diplomacy. Do you mind if we join you? Data, I'm picking up energy fluctuations over here. Troi to Picard. Captain, acknowledge. I perceived no fear or deception from him.
Captain, the fact that they're not responding doesn't necessarily mean there's anything wrong. The atmospheric disturbance could be jamming the signal. I don't think you need an empath to sense that woman's feelings. There's hostility that she seems to have transferred from Lore to Data. Perhaps you shouldn't have forced them together so soon. Is it responding to us? Maybe it doesn't like what we're doing. Something's very wrong, Captain.
Captain, I'd like to introduce you to the winners of the primary school science fair. This is Marissa, Jay Gordon, and Patterson. They're here for their tour. I'm sure you'll have a wonderful time. I'm all right. Medical team to the Bridge. Troi to Sickbay. Counsellor Troi to Captain Picard. Troi to Engineering. Counsellor Troi to any crew member, please acknowledge. (Mandel tries to open the turbolift doors) Medical team to the Bridge. Lieutenant Monroe! (She's dead) I'm not really familiar with that protocol. There are a lot of people still alive. Many of them are hurt but I can't tell where they are. I'd appreciate some suggestions. Very well. Yes. Mister Mandel, I'd like you to assist Ensign Ro. Yes. How big is a quantum filament? So, it's like a cosmic string? What is our engine status, Ensign? Which means? What do you suggest? You said there was no way to stabilise the containment field from the Bridge. Could it be done from Engineering? Could we divert energy from the Bridge to those monitors? I believe there are still people alive down there and I'm going to give them every chance. Assuming they're alive, they'll be hoping there's someone up here who can help them. So we'll help them. Chief, divert the necessary power to Engineering. Thank you, Ensign. Proceed. [Turboshaft] (using the optical cable as a rope, the group have climbed up to the next deck) Have you made preparations to separate the Saucer section? What happened? We will separate the ship when I decide that it's time, and not before. Is that clear, Ensign? You could have easily been right. [Corridor] (a turbolift door opens, and Picard hauls himself onto the deck like a seal hauling itself onto land, followed by the children. They sit panting) [Ten Forward] Now just wait here. I don't think I'm cut out to be Captain. First officer, maybe. I understand there aren't many qualifications.
I'm fine, Commander. No, you can join us. (she offers him a spoon) Really? I never met a chocolate I didn't like. Of course it does, but it's not just a matter of taste. It's the whole experience. First of all, you have to spoon the fudge around the rim, leaving only ice cream in the middle. Then, you gently spoon the ice cream around the sides, like you're sculpting it. Relish every bite. Make every one an event. And then, with the last spoonful, close your eyes. Chocolate is a serious thing. Oh? What is it? You're looking very handsome. Come by my quarters and I'll show it to you. [Corridor]
I'm afraid I don't see how a stolen Vulcan ship fits into all this. The Romulans could have a cloaked base on the surface. What? Vulcan? Perhaps his reunification talks were successful. They destroyed their own invasion force.
The Quartermaster of the supply yard, with information you need. He's king of his particular hill, Commander. You'll have to treat him that way. Mister Dokachin, we must find this ship and you're the only one who can help us. Deanna Troi, Ship's Counsellor. Are you serious?
It's hard to tell, but he is holding something back. It might be that, I don't know. He's after more than a history lesson. I can tell you that. I don't know. It's like he's trying to confuse us, misdirect us somehow. (Rasmussen enters) I've got some things to take care of. I don't dislike you, Professor. Should I? Picard's empath? Why should you care whether I trust you or not? You're right. I don't trust you. I'm sure you did. (Beverly returns with the equipment) I really have to be going. (Troi leaves and Beverly hands the wand device to Rasmussen)
Worf. I was just talking with Mrs. Kyle the primary school teacher. She told me you enrolled Alexander in her class this morning. I'm sure he'll do very well. She's a wonderful teacher. Did she tell you about the father-son field trip this afternoon? Why not? This would be a good opportunity for you to meet some of the other students and parents. Good. I'll let them know you're coming. [Biolab] (there are models, and things in display cases) Worf. I just wanted to know how the field trip went yesterday. No. Why? [Turbolift] May I ask how? I see. Sometimes these things aren't over as quickly as they seem to be. I'd be happy to help if you have any further problems. Are you sure this is what you want? Have you discussed this with Alexander? I see. I'm not here to approve or disapprove of the way you raise your son. My concern right now is how this decision is going to affect you. How will you feel when Alexander's gone? Is that how you felt when he left to live with your parents? I understand. The idea of raising a child can seem a tremendous burden, particularly to a solitary parent. I see. Have you ever wondered how Alexander felt about being sent away? Do you think he felt abandoned? After all, he left very soon after K'Ehleyr's death. In a way, he not only lost his mother, he lost his father as well. It's possible. Children don't have the experience to handle emotional crises. Instead of dealing with their feelings, they act on them. Tell me about the last time you spoke with K'Ehleyr, the night she died. What about? So you were angry with her? Are you still angry with her? It would be very normal to be angry with her. Angry because she died and left you alone with a son you never knew you had. Being angry doesn't mean you loved her any less, Worf, but you can't hide from your feelings, just as Alexander cannot hide from his. You both have a lot of healing to do. Perhaps you should think about doing it together. [Worf's quarters] (Alexander is packing a small suitcase)
Yes, Captain?
Imzadi, we can't. Not when we're serving on the same ship.
It's lovely I can understand why you are reluctant to leave, Mister Conor. All of you have been selectively bred? Your DNA patterns chosen? And obviously you do. We will do whatever we can to help you preserve it. [Laboratory] Commander, if Mister Conor doesn't mind, I'd like to stay and see more of his colony. You're sure my being here is not going to be disruptive? Well, I certainly wouldn't wish to throw off your entire balance. Seriously. There must be other unexpected events you have to deal with. An untimely death, an accident. Not at all. I feel the same about being here. I'm something of a student of human nature, and I find this all fascinating. I'm the ship's Counsellor. I'd book my next vacation at your hotel, if you had one. May I return later? I believe some will choose to risk death rather than leave, Captain. I'm not sure we can. It would mean abandoning their fundamental way of life. You don't approve of genetic engineering. They seem to have made it succeed. I've asked myself that question a lot during the past few days. I don't know. I doubt it. Nevertheless, it's what they believe in, and it won't be an easy matter to talk them into leaving. I find him very reasonable. Open to suggestions, thoughtful, quite disarming. The perfect administrator. I don't know. I hope so. Yes. It's hard to believe. So much loveliness here, just a few metres away from such desolation. This must sound incredibly simplistic but, can't you re-engineer all this on another planet? A nursery rhyme? Perhaps to prepare them for times like these. I'm so sorry, Aaron. I wish I could do something to help. No, a Counsellor has to maintain a discreet distance. I'd rather think of us as friends. Aaron. This is wrong. I'm still on Enterprise time. Aaron, I'm going back to the ship. I'm not going to see you again. Because it's the right thing to do. You know it as well as I do. Yes, I'm angry. I'm angry with myself for allowing this to happen. I could fall in love with you so easily, but we both know the end of that story, don't we? How would Martin feel about introducing half-Betazoid DNA into the genetic balance? Listen to yourself. A few days ago you wouldn't even talk to us. This is my fault. I'm so sorry. I have to go. (La Forge and Hannah beam in) We can't do that. Do you understand what it would do to the colony? It would destroy them. Computer, halt. Captain, I have to tell you something, and it isn't easy for me because I've used very poor judgement. Actually, I've acted quite unprofessionally. Conor and I have had a relationship. It should never have happened. I knew there was concern about outside influences and I should have been more careful. I did not intend to see him again. No, I think I should come with you, but I wanted you to know before we went down. I wanted so much to help him, to be there for him, but the more I was. I should have walked away as soon as I saw what was happening. Aaron. Hannah, let's allow Aaron and Captain Picard to discuss this. Why don't we go for a walk? What will you do now? Aaron, you acted in the best interests of your people. There was no way to avoid what happened. Don't say that.
We'll see. Data, chess isn't just a game of ploys and gambits. It's a game of intuition. Thanks, but don't think a compliment's going to get you out of our bet. You owe me one Samarian Sunset made in the traditional style, as only you can make it, Data. It's beautiful. I did. Not specifically, but there are two things that seem unusual. The bartender is an artificial lifeform. I don't know if this means anything, but I seem to have an ability that the others don't. I have a very strong sense of what other people are feeling at times it's almost No. Just for a moment, you seemed familiar. Not exactly. I mean, I don't know who you are, but there's something about you. With whom? Captain, there's been a great deal of damage to our computer system. Maybe we're not getting the correct information. That we get confirmation of this mission from our headquarters. There could be thousands of lives at stake. Thanks for your help. Come in for a minute? [Troi's quarters] It's like it belongs to someone else. Nothing feels right. This room, this ship, most of all this war we're fighting. I suppose that's true. That same feeling. You seem familiar. You're the only thing that does. I don't know. It's more like remembering an emotion. Feelings that you're somehow associated with. Yes, they are. This entire situation is a little unnerving. We certainly have. (she gives him a peck on the cheek) It's also possible that they just want to talk to us. I think we should respond. I'm restless. Mind if I visit for a while? Everything. Every time I think about this war, our mission, I feel a sense of panic like a hand's closing around my throat. What have you discovered? Very impressive. So what else has your research uncovered about William Riker? Ode to Psyche. John Keats. To Will, all my love, Deanna. I don't know what to think. (they lean in for a kiss and the doorbell chimes) Ensign. I was just visiting. We'll talk again soon, Commander. Data, how many people on that station? Captain, this isn't right. Please, sit down. It's psychologically valid. Well, if you're still confused tomorrow, you know where my office is. (Deanna leaves Will to worry over exactly what the women were talking about) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
You will [Ten Forward] You have thirty seconds to change your heading or additional members of your crew will require medical attention. [Bridge] Acknowledged.
Alexander, I told you it's not my decision. Your father doesn't  want to  I think you know that's not true.  Come here. He's been injured, and he's embarrassed. And to have  anyone see him now would make him feel worse, even if it were you.  Alexander, that Klingon stuff is very important to your father.  It's been a long day. Why don't you get ready for bed and we'll  talk about this again in the morning.  [Worf's private room] Alexander is scared, confused, hurt, all  because his father is refusing to see him.  Yes I do. It's not the Klingon way, right?  All I care about at this moment is a little boy who's terrified  he's going to lose his father.  (Crusher and Russell enter)  Maybe it's time you stopped lying here worrying about your  honour, and started thinking about someone else, like your son.  (Troi leaves)  Worf, let me help you.  Alexander, go on. It'll be all right. I'll take care of your  father.  [Shuttlebay] (an emergency triage ward with a big notice about  variable gravity area on the wall)  I'll make sure he reaches your parents' home safely.  You want me to raise Alexander?  I'd be honoured.  (Troi leaves)  No.  Alex.  Alexander, remember what we talked about? Your father wants to do  this by himself. 
All right. This hand, the game is Federation Day. Well, the Federation was founded in Twenty One Sixty One, so, twos, sixes, and aces are wild. Oh? Why is that? Why, Worf? Well I'm sure we're just as strange to them. Good question. Worf? Come in. Hello, Will. Wonderful things. My mother sent me a box that belonged to one of my father's ancestors. It was stored on Earth and just recently turned up. No. Some of the pictures have names on, but most of them don't. I look at these faces and I wonder who they are and if they could be related to me. Has something happened? Soren. I'm glad you did. Of course it will. All relationships are constantly changing. But we'll still be friends, maybe better friends. You're a part of my life, and I'm a part of yours. That much will always be true. (and they kiss, too) [Guest quarters]
What were the voices saying? I sensed nothing unusual last night. We have to get out of here now. We have to get out of here now. Is this what's causing our déjà vu? Like a message in a bottle. We have to get out of here now. You think we sent ourselves a message? We have to get out of here now.
Do you know Admiral Brand?
I sense a touch of hostility here, gentlemen. If I may suggest Please! Why not simply draw up a contract which clearly defines the duties of each family member. No, I means you both agree to your responsibilities. And when you've done the things that you've agreed to do, then you've earned the privilege to doing the things that you want to do. When he's cleaned his room, for instance, then perhaps he's earned a visit to the holodeck to fight his alien monsters. I suggest working out an equitable system with the rules clearly spelled out. For the child and the parent. You must make a list of your responsibilities, too. What would you like your father to promise, Alexander? Well then you should have no trouble with that part. Why not go back to your quarters and talk this thing over? Decide on which points each of you wants in the contract. One day you'll learn to be glad your father cared enough about you to insist on rules. It may be hard to imagine right now, but eventually, most children come to appreciate their parents. (Worf and Alexander leave) On the other hand I beg your pardon? Mother, where did you, when did you meet this man? Who is he? I mean, marriage? When did all this happen? Mother, if you're happy, then I'm happy for you. I only asked who he is, and where you met him. Those are not unusual questions. Who is he? Naturally. I didn't know you'd ever been to Kostolain. Or was he on some diplomatic mission to Betazed? Mother, don't you think it would be a good idea if you actually met the man you're going to marry before committing to spend the rest of your life with him? Alexander, this is my mother. Between father and son. A fair and balanced way to achieve a mutual sense of order. Mother! Mother, will you kindly stay out of this? Mother, will you please He didn't show up for his appointment. I assumed he must still be here. Is he there alone? Mother. Mother, I'm trying to help the boy learn the value of responsibility. You're not helping by giving him a lot of mixed messages. Among other things, his relationship with his father. No more holodeck, Mother. Please. And why aren't you all absorbed in your wedding plans? It's only three days away. Mother. Wedding gown? Mother, stop. You're telling me you're not going to be naked at your own wedding? I can't believe I'm hearing this from the Heir to the Holy Rings of Betazed, holder of the Sacred Chalice of Rixx. Mother, I think it's time you tell me about this mysterious marriage to a man you've never met. I am, sir. Mother, we have to talk. Mother, we've come for Alexander. Please, forgive the intrusion. Mother, you're undermining every effort we're trying to make here. Ha! Well, sir, I'm afraid even the bride won't be present for this one. [Engineering] We still have to learn how to live in the real world, Mother. All of us.
Counsellor Troi. (Isabella vanishes and Clara lets Troi in)
It's beautiful, but frightening at the same time. Captain, I just wondered if there's anything you wanted to talk about. I would have thought having a Borg on the ship would stir some feelings. Sometimes even when a victim has dealt with his assault there are residual effects of the event that linger. You were treated violently by the Borg. Kidnapped, assaulted, mutilated. I see. Well, if at any point you want to talk more. Not from us, but certainly from them. They've attacked us in every encounter.
I heard about Data. It's having an unusually traumatic effect on everyone. If you don't want to talk about it, it's okay. Angry. Maybe because it reminds us of our own mortality. Have you ever heard Data define friendship? How did he put it? As I experience certain sensory input patterns, my mental pathways become accustomed to them. The inputs eventually are anticipated and even missed when absent. He's used to us, and we're used to him. It's like finding out someone you love has a terminal illness and (The turbolift arrives, the doors open and - ) Personal inquiry? No, go right ahead. (same time) Yes. You're right, Data. And it's not a very nice thing to do. There's life here. A child. An old woman. Dozens more. Hundreds. Terrified. My God, Will. They're human. [Bridge] Data! Look at what we have so far. Evidence that these aliens have been travelling back in time to Earth. No. There is no life here. What I have sensed is more like an imprint. An echo of the last moment of life. Human life. They all died in terror (A bright light and wind, then two figures appear with a case which puts more strands into the feeding station) Look at what he's carrying. (one of the figures holds a snake. The bright light portal opens, the figures go back through, and Picard leads the away team to follow them) To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
If the aliens have been killing people there, well, someone might have noticed something unusual. This man was complaining about a strange doctor and nurse who visited that patient. Perhaps they're still in the hospital. (a patient starts coughing) The ophidian the aliens were carrying. (it sends off energy charges before reverting to the cane) Mrs. Carmichael. Mrs. Carmichael, thank goodness you're here. Your future affairs? Commander, perhaps I could handle that. I'd be happy to take Mister Clemens to his quarters. If you must have one, I'm sure we can replicate it for you. I wouldn't know. I think what we've gained far outweighs anything that might have been lost. Is that what you see here? Deck thirty six. He's one of the thousands of species that we've encountered. We live in a peaceful Federation with most of them. The people you see are here by choice. Poverty was eliminated on Earth a long time ago, and a lot of other things disappeared with it. Hopelessness, despair, cruelty. That's right. Any luck? He's right, Will.
Go ahead, Commander.
Yes, Captain. I'm Counsellor Deanna Troi. Of course. Chief. I'll take you to Captain Picard. The skills are demanding. You're very disciplined. Yes, I do. Only sometimes my body has a problem conforming to my mind's wishes. [Corridor] I would imagine that your self-discipline helps you in your work. You're going to need all your patience at Seronia. I can't imagine how you'll get the two sides talking to each other. I thought Lumerians were empathic. Curiosity. What I sense from you is very unusual. Calmness, serenity, tranquillity. You seem to embody the very qualities that you hope to draw out in others. [Corridor] Several times with Captain Picard. There have been instances when having an empath along has been helpful. If the Captain authorises it, of course I will. What? I'd better go. Come in. Does it have to be today? It might. I've just had a disturbing encounter with Alkar's mother. She frightens me, Will. The feelings I sense from her are malevolent. They're out of proportion. They're evil. You're right. Okay, let's get through these evaluations, and when they're done I'm going to reward myself with two ice cream sundaes. Alkar, is there anything I can do? I'll be glad to help. (later - the room is darkened, and Alkar takes a pair of crystals from a box) An end to grief. An end to pain. Strength comes from love. And courage from wisdom. (Alkar moves his crystal towards Troi's, and it glows. When they touch, both crystals glow, then just Troi's. Her eyes snap open in horror.) Computer today's appointment calendar. Cancel them. Cancel everything till after lunch. Hello. I thought you might like some company, if you're not too busy. No. I'd like you to talk to me. About you. I don't know anything about you. And I'd like to. What kind of woman do you find attractive? Do you find me attractive? And when you find someone attractive, what do you usually do? Is it really so complicated? Well, perhaps you over think things. (she's getting very seductive) Yes? Will. Of course. Come in. [Troi's quarters] If there's anything else I need, I know where to find you. Are you bothered by his being here? Good. Because it's really none of your business. Why do I think you're upset? Will, remember who you're talking to. You are bothered, I can tell. I will. Captain's log, stardate 46073.6. We have arrived without incident at Rekag-Seronia, where two members of Ambassador Alkar's delegation have been waiting. They have joined us to report on the situation in the capital city. [Observation lounge] What makes you think that? Give me an example of what you mean. Do you know of any reason why he might do that? Well, maybe he's just tired of hearing you complain. I know I'm certainly tired of it. How do you think it feels to sit and listen to someone whine about themselves all the time? This isn't Starfleet Academy. You're not going to be coddled. If you can't take it here, then you might think about a transport ship. There's a lot less pressure there. If you aren't up to it then you don't deserve to be here. Isn't that right? So you'd better take a hold of yourself, or be prepared for a transfer. Glad I could help. [Engineering] Am I interrupting? You want him. I can tell. But you have nothing to give him. And you. You're envious of him. You pretend to support him, but secretly you want him to fail. I won't. I want to be here, with you. Imzadi, do you still care about me? Don't you think I'm attractive? Oh, it is. You want me, don't you? (she pulls him in for a kiss) I need you. (Her long nails scratch his neck, drawing blood) Please! (Next morning, Troi is in uniform when the doorbell rings) Come in. You said you'd take me with you. You told me I'd be helpful. You needed me. Then take me. Don't leave me here. Is Liva going with you? She wants to take you away from me. I won't let her have you! I'll stop her! (she follows him into the corridor) I will go with you. Take me with you. Please, Alkar. Don't leave me. Don't do this! No! [Crusher's office] (Will is getting his scratches healed) Will you take me with you? I won't let her have you (Troi produces a knife, and Picard wrestles her for it, getting cut in the process. The transporter chief and Jarth pull her off him) Don't try and stop me! No, no, let go! (Riker and Crusher enter) Will. [Troi's quarters] Then the flow of negative emotions and feelings were reversed back to him somehow. And Liva? Looking back on the past few days, it's as though I'm looking at a holodeck projection of someone else. Thanks for sticking by me.
Goodbye.
Was it something about the console itself? You're the third person today who's come to me with something like this. An intense emotional response provoked by an object. No, they couldn't explain it any more than you could. You know, at this point I'm not willing to say it's coincidence. Talking about it would help you understand your response. I'm going to find out if anyone else on the ship has had these kind of experiences. [Observation lounge] Will, you told me you had an unusual experience when you sat down at the console. Why don't you describe it? Have you dreamt about scissors recently? It seems you've all had a similar experience. Is there anything else you remember besides a table? Well, you all remember a table, so let's start with that. Computer show me a table. Can you be more specific about the table? You mentioned it was smooth and cold. Can you remember what shape it was? Computer, show me a rectangular conference table. Computer, make this a metal table. (a sort of operating table appears) Was there anything else in the room? Furniture? Chairs? A door? Other people? Computer, lower the surrounding light level. You said you were uneasy when you sat down at the conn. position. A restraint of some kind? It was holding you down? Computer, create a restraining arm attached to the right side of the table, at the mid-point. Was it like that? All right, you were lying on the table. You had a bright light shining in your eyes. Were there any smells in the room? Were there any sounds? If they send him back. Ensign Rager still hasn't been returned.
Amanda's a Q? What happened to Amanda's parents? What would have happened if she couldn't stop it? Well, Amanda, how are you feeling about all this now? It must be overwhelming. Hello, Will. We have to tell her. Maybe she can protect herself. After all, she has a great deal of power.
Their individual intelligence and their behavioural responses are exactly the same as they were before the accident. I came to see how you're doing. I would say the people that know you and have worked with you, will be able to make the adjustment eventually. But there are some people who would find it difficult to accept a twelve year old captain. You're still a Starfleet captain. I'm sure there are other assignments you could be given in the interim. You could return to the Academy. Take another degree. Brush up on your Latin. Then perhaps you could spend the time exploring another interests. Archeology, for instance. Not permanently, just a sabbatical. You could spend a few years crawling through caves and digging up artefacts, and still have enough time to become the youngest admiral in Starfleet history. In a way, you're very lucky. You might have a chance do what most people can only dream about. Have a second childhood without the pain of growing up again. [Crusher's office]
I suggest you find a new line of work. (lighting a cigar) He's right. You're no match for the Hollanders. Hold on. I was just passing through town, saw a little trouble, thought I'd lend a hand. But I ain't one of your deputies, Sheriff. Durango. I'm called Durango. For a price. Five hundred dollars. My father used to read me stories from the Ancient West when I was a little girl. I must admit, I always wanted to play the part of the mysterious stranger. (the saloon owner, a buxom middle-aged woman, enters and kisses Worf) Sounds delicious. I'll watch him for you, Sheriff. You two go have a good time. What's wrong? My God, you've been shot! Computer, end programme. Troi to Captain Picard. Troi to Security. Data? Data? Why is the computer creating characters that look like Data? Worf, wait. We have to remember, even though the holodeck safeguards may be off, this is still a programme. If we can just get to the end of this story the way it was designed to play out, the programme will automatically terminate. Worf, we've got another problem. I saw Eli playing cards. He was shuffling the way Data does when he plays poker. He doesn't just look like Data, he has Data's abilities. Which means his father probably does also. (another knock at the door. Troi gets her Winchester and Worf his pistol, then lets in) In every Western I've ever read, the villains always break their word. he can't be trusted. They're not concerned with honour, Worf. This is the Ancient West. There's a gunfighter out there who has the speed and accuracy of an android. And in two hours, he's going to try to kill you. [Engineering] (Geordi is working on Data's head) Understood. What about Alexander? How long will the field last? Let's hope it's enough. [Deadwood street] (Eli and Worf walk out onto the street. The shopkeeper closes up and pulls down his blinds. The sun is on their right. Frank and Alexander appear at the other end of the street. Alexander is sent forward. then Eli. The Mexican and the outlaw now look like Data as well, and come out of their hiding places. Eli and Alexander cross in the middle of the street, then - ) Don't even think about it. I don't understand this. The story should be over. What's left?
Doctor, why is it so difficult for you to accept the fact that the exocomp could be alive? After all, you're talking to a living machine right now.
Will we? Sore? May I speak with you, Captain? Definitely an elephant. I'd be happy to. But first, I'd like to talk about how the change in command is affecting the crew. I wouldn't call it resistance. More like uncertainty. Most of them had served under Captain Picard for several years. They knew him, they knew what he expected. Now they're being asked to adjust to a new captain and a new way of doing things, and they're uncertain how to react. And to you. Perhaps everyone just needs some time. Time for you to get to know and trust the crew, and time for them to understand how you want things done. Of course, sir. [Corridor] Captain, I think there's been a slight miscommunication. Did you want to meet with Gul Lemec in here? I see. So you're trying to establish a dominant position by making him wait for you. The trouble with wolves is that sometimes the fight for dominance, one of them ends up dead. Yes, sir. No, he's not. [Precipice bottom] Captain, please, we should listen to them.
What are you going to do? Will! Captain, we're all concerned about I read your report. You didn't say it?
I understand his frustration. We created him and we created her to be the woman he loves. Surely we have some responsibility to them. You mean he never knew he hadn't left the holodeck? In a sense, you did give Moriarty what he wanted.
Concerned?
I am Major Rakal of the Tal Shiar. How can we be of help? A regrettable incident, Captain. The freighter was fired upon by the former Commander of this vessel. I have now taken control, and I assure you there will be no more attacks. Captain, we do not want to exaggerate this incident. You and I can discuss it calmly. We can diffuse it before it becomes inflated. I will come onto your ship. Please, lower your shields and prepare to beam me aboard. Thank you. (transmission ends)
Maybe I should go. Well, er, your performance records have always been good. You're thorough, dedicated. I really don't think this is the place to be discussing this. Hasn't that been the problem all along? Throughout your career you've had lofty goals, but you've never been willing to do what's necessary to attain them. We should talk about this later. (Riker and Troi leave)
Did the table do something wrong? I'm glad you weren't that hard on Ensign Lopez. Would you like to talk about what's bothering you or would you like to break some more furniture? Your father? My god. Could it be true? So, you're willing to ignore the possibility because you're concerned about dishonour? If you're so sure about that, why are you still so upset? Worf, you can't deny the possibility just because you don't want it to be true. If you want to talk about this, you know where to find me. [Engineering]
So, you're willing to ignore the possibility because you're concerned about dishonour?
Captain. We're still behind schedule on decks seven and eight. Shall I tell Arkaria Base there'll be a delay? Right. Hello. Er, well. Your saddle? I see. Of course. They're still at it. They haven't tried to communicate with the outside. Orton is not as calm as he looks. He's very agitated and nervous, as if something's gone wrong. (sotto) They need a distraction. Just a few seconds. I don't think Orton's in a talking mood, Will. I thought you were just going to talk to him. I'm sorry, Captain. I don't know what could have happened to it. It's perfectly normal.
You would like my opinion about you and Commander Daren. In a way that pleases people who care about your happiness, yes, it is. And you think that your feelings toward Nella could change the way you function as Captain. That's true. But cutting yourself off from your feelings can carry consequences that are just as serious. Captain, are you asking my permission? Yes. [Stellar cartography]
Captain, I'm going for a walk in the arboretum. I wouldn't mind some company. How's it going? I meant, how's it going with you? Captain, you can't start thinking like that. You didn't abandon him. You chose not to abandon a life-long career. It was the right decision, and in no way responsible for his death. I know how much the Professor meant to you and how much you want to find out what happened, but staring at these numbers isn't going to bring him back. The conference on Atalia Seven has been scheduled for six months. Starfleet is relying on your mediation efforts to Captain. [Bridge]
And that was disturbing to you. Frame of Mind? You're probably drawing on feelings that you're not used to expressing. Sometimes it's healthy to explore the darker sides of the psyche. Jung called it owning your own shadow. This could be a sign that you're a real actor. This is becoming more than just a role to you. Don't be afraid of your darker side. Have fun with it. (Riker rubs his sore temple and sees the crewman he bumped into at the turbolift) I'm not sure. Do you want me to check the personnel logs? I'm looking forward to it. Break a leg. A little shaken but all right. It's nothing to be embarrassed about. We're your friends. We all know the stress you've been under. I'm sure everyone understands perfectly. Well, maybe not everyone understands. I want you to try a few relaxation techniques as well. Remember the ones I showed you a few months ago? What's wrong? Will, I want you to get some sleep. I'll see you tomorrow. Terrified. I was in a dark place. Cold. Frightened. Someone was there. I felt threatened by them. Trapped I felt pain. I began to panic. I felt threatened. I panicked. Don't believe this, Will. None of it's real. You're still with us on the Enterprise. Listen to me, Will. In all the years we've known each other, have I ever lied to you? Your mind must have created a defence mechanism that helped you resist the neurosomatic process. Your unconscious fastened on to elements of your real life in an attempt to keep you grounded, to keep you sane.
Captain, I'm concerned about Beverly. I've tried several times to talk to her, but she's been avoiding me. This entire experience has been
Night Bird. (Troi is given a Look) Night Bird! Will's been trying to get this piece right for ten years now. He's never made it through the solo. (he certainly looks worried) Here it comes. I'll talk to him. Hello, Will. (He sweeps her off her feet, literally, and kisses her) Will. We need to talk. No. Commander Riker and I are friends. Close friends, but nothing more. Why don't we sit down? Do you remember the last time we saw each other? It was the day before you started your tour on the Potemkin. We never did. No, what I mean is, Commander Riker and I never did. You see, he earned a promotion very quickly. He chose to make his career a priority. There wasn't much time for anything else. We kept in touch but we didn't see each other again until we were both posted to the Enterprise two years later. By then our feelings for each other had changed. We've served together for six years. Things never went back to the way they used to be. I know this isn't what you were hoping for, but that doesn't mean you can't make a future for yourself. Captain Picard wanted me to find out if you'd be willing to help us retrieve the station's database. Do you feel up to it? Good. I'll tell the Captain. Well, I have to go. Goodnight, Will. (that loud cracking noise is the sound of a breaking heart) [Transporter room] (everyone say Hi! to Doctor Mae Jemison, genuine astronaut) Computer, valerian root tea, hot. (there's a note in the fruit bowl) (reading) Meet me in Transporter room three at nineteen hundred hours. It's important. [Transporter room] (there's another note, tied with a pink flower and bow) (reading) It pulses unendingly all through the night. Seek out the crystal that powers our flight. [Engineering] No, thank you. [Corridor] (reading) What the future holds no one can know, But forward we look and forward we go. [Ten Forward] (she spots the table with the vase for her flower, and the gift-wrapped box. It contains a etching.) I remember. Where did you get this? You made this? It's lovely. Thank you. So, how does it feel being with people again? I can imagine. Is that what you've decided to do? It's good you don't feel set back. I can understand that. I'm sure I looked terrible with my eyes all red and swollen from crying. The other day, when I told you about how Commander Riker and I didn't meet on Risa, what I didn't say was how disappointed I was. I started to hear from him less and less. I knew his career was taking him away from me but I didn't want to believe it was over. I spent a lot of time thinking about him. Wondering where he was, what he was doing. Sometimes I'd look into the sky and imagine that he knew, and that somehow he could sense me thinking about him. So, who knows? Maybe one night we were looking up at the same star, and you were thinking about me, and in a way, I was thinking about you. [Ready room] We stayed in Ten Forward talking for hours. He walked me to my quarters. Beverly! You know it's been over between Will and me for a long time. It's really hard for me to separate my feelings for them. I knew you'd encourage me. (hisses) Beverly. (Riker limbers up) Klingon exercises, actually. Lieutenant Worf teaches a class. You just did the KoH-man-ara. Hello, Will. We've both had relationships with other people. This is different. I didn't know how you'd feel about it. This must be very strange for you. Me too. Will, I know you and he have had some problems. Come in. When would you leave? I see. You said those exact words to me before you went to serve on the Potemkin. But if you hadn't been, what would have happened between us? I don't know if I can believe that. It took me a long time to get over what happened between Commander Riker and me. I don't know that I want to put myself in that position again. It's not just that. I've worked hard to make a life for myself on the Enterprise. I'm happy here. I know. No. No. I just don't know if I'm ready to give up my life here. Maybe we both need some time. (a kiss) I hear the Gandhi's going on a terraforming mission to the Lagana Sector. I won't be joining you. I'm just not ready to give up my life here. Not yet. (as they stand close together, the doorbell rings) Your middle name.
I was just leaving the reception when this Ktarian walks up to me and says, (slightly Irish) hello, Diane. I understand you're an empath. I'm a very sensitive man myself. I'm doing a thesis on interspecies mating rituals. Would you care to join me in some empirical research? How did you know? Absolutely not. To be honest, I was bored. I spent most of my time at Professor Wagner's phylobiology seminar. I thought the idea of the seminar was that we would all participate, bring different points of views to the discussion. He gathered two hundred scientists from all over the Federation, and all he did was put us to sleep. No, thank you, Data. Really? What was it like? Captain? Data? I'm not sure. (after the opening titles) I don't know. Four, maybe five seconds. You just stopped and then started again. I can't explain it. Well, Geordi was talking about what it felt like to touch the plasma field and you were taking a sip of tea. Not a thing. I was empathically aware of you right up to the moment you froze, and then it all stopped. (plexes) The past few days have been exhausting. Maybe it was my imagination. There were moments in that lecture hall when I thought time was standing still there, too. What happened? No. One second I was talking to you, and the next you were all standing around me. What is it? What happened? (Troi uses a medical tricorder) The cells are metabolising at an incredible speed. Almost fifty times normal. Your metabolism's stabilising. My God. (Enterprise is hanging nose to nose with a Romulan warbird. An orange line and a green dotted line link the two ships.) It looks like the Enterprise has been damaged. There, on the port nacelle. The Romulans could've decloaked before the Enterprise had a chance to respond. How long will the fields last? I got a little dizzy for a second. Maybe we could do something to help Will. Maybe we can go around them. Captain. I know. I just saw them. Captain, there's something I have to tell you. Doctor Crusher has been hit by a disruptor blast at point blank range. If time returns to normal I don't see how she can survive. Why didn't we notice it before? Do we know what caused the breach? Why would we be sending them power? Captain, are you all right? Troi to La Forge. Get us out of here now! [Runabout living section] Captain, it might be better if you stayed here this time and gave yourself a chance to recover. Yes, Captain. [Warbird Engineering] Geordi, there should be a power utilisation monitor over there. Data. Is that why Romulans were being transported to the Enterprise? Whatever happened, this is beginning to look less and less like a Romulan attack. That's impossible. The Romulans use an artificial quantum singularity as their power source. Once it's activated, it can't be shut down. What are these dark spots? I thought I heard one of the Engineers say something about a power transfer. Something about an energy feedback. He's in neural shock, There isn't time. He's dying. (she takes Geordi's armband off) At least this way, he'll be alive in the other time frame. We might have a chance to save him later. Is the Romulan still alive? Captain? (the alien is awake) Why are you here? Artificial gravity well? Do you mean the Romulan engine core? That's what deactivated the Warbird's engine core. So the Romulans sent out a distress call. We might be able to run time back to a point before the warp core breach occurred and then find a way to prevent the power transfer. And then when time goes forward Ready, Captain. [Bridge] Step back, now.
The only Borg who had a name was Hugh. And we gave it to him. Like what? What happened? I'm curious. Why are you ignoring the one emotion you've already experienced? Why aren't you trying to make yourself angry again? Data, feelings aren't positive and negative, they simply exist. It's what we do with those feelings that becomes good or bad. For example, feeling angry about an injustice could lead someone to take a positive action to correct it. Those are very strong emotions, and you're right, very little good can come from them. But I don't think that an exploration of anger need necessarily lead to hatred or malice. We've served together for a long time and I think I've come to know you pretty well. I have to believe if you ever reach your goal of becoming human, you won't become a bad one. When exactly did you feel this other emotion? If you had to give this feeling a name, what would you call it? Captain. I think I've found something. (it's a curved building) This seems to be some kind of meeting place. That's not Data.
The only Borg who had a name was Hugh. Data, I can sense feelings in you. Are you saying that you caused them to become individuals? Data, all I'm sensing from you is anger and hatred. Have you felt any other emotions? But the only emotions Data seems to feel are negative. I think it's worth a try. Help me! (a Borg comes to see Picard lying on the floor) He tried to escape. The force field sent him into neural shock. If he dies, Lore will blame you. (the innocent Borg takes down the force field and enters. He leans over Picard and gets one of his tubes pulled out, rendering him unconscious) Geordi, are you in pain? I'll watch the door. How are we going to know whether the pulse reboots Data's ethical programme? Won't he realise something's happened to him?
Ambassador, it's an honour to meet you. Would you like to see your quarters before we attend the reception? So first thing tomorrow, I thought I'd take you on a tour of the operational centres and the residential decks of the ship. Then we could spend some time discussing the cultural underpinnings of your society. Excuse me? Oh, well, actually, I was waiting until we got to the desserts. It's something we eat after the main course. It's usually very sweet, it's usually very bad for you. We eat it purely for pleasure. If you ask me, it's the best part of any meal. Oh, well, let me introduce you to some of my favourites. This is peach cobbler with whipped cream. Tarvokian powder cake. And this is my favourite. Ktarian chocolate puff. I don't know exactly what's inside, but I think it's made with seventeen varieties of chocolate. (Troi gives Loquel a sample) Delicious? Ambassador, I think we're going to get along very well. Shall we? (Loquel takes his loaded plate and a tray of small desserts with him to a table) (meanwhile, at another table, Worf and Crusher eat with Byleth) This deck is devoted mainly to stellar cartography, biological research, and astrophysics. We have over a thousand people on board No, thank you. I'm still recovering from all those desserts last night. I'm sure. Yum. Next we're going to go to deck eight, which is interesting because it's not really finished. It's sort of a multi-purpose deck. Sometimes when we need an extra lab or. Ambassador? (Troi discovers Loquel is not with her, and goes back to find him examining a young boy) It's a child. Children are our offspring. They're our young. They grow into adults over a period of many years. They grow into beings like us. Ambassador, I'm curious. Now does your species procreate? I see. That sounds like a wonderful idea. Come on, Eric. [Freighter] (Picard wakes on a pile of cushions near a blazing fire. There is a device on his abdomen and he is in pain) Ambassador Loquel's quite pleasant. I will admit though, he's a little unusual. He seems preoccupied with recreation. I've spent more time in Ten Forward in the last two days than I have in the past two months. And he's obsessed with food. Especially chocolate. To be honest, he's testing even my limits. Worf, you've been very patient with Ambassador Byleth, and that's good. But maybe it's time to let him know that some behaviour is unacceptable to us. I think it's all right to suggest limits for the Ambassador. I'm in for twenty. After the past few days, I could use something a little bland. Goodbye, Ambassador.
What's your mother like, Geordi? That's not what I asked. When was the last time you saw her? You didn't think it would be your last chance to see her. I want to suggest something. Call it a theory, all right? You're worried about the disappearance of your mother, guilty that you didn't see her when you had the chance, so you're unwilling to consider that she might be dead. Your need to believe she's alive is so strong that it manifests itself as a physical image. No. Because that would be the end of your fantasy. You'd know it wasn't true. The more involved and complicated and unending your story is, the longer you can believe your mother's still alive.
We had business dealings. He owes me money. Maybe we can discuss that possibility. But first, I have to find him, collect the money I'm owed. If I don't find him, I'm going to have to move on. Are you sure you haven't seen him? You're lying. He's telling the truth. Acting Captain's log, stardate 47135.2. Doctor Crusher has positively identified Captain Picard's DNA. There's no doubt now that he's dead. [Riker's quarters] How are you doing? The crew's pretty shaken up. I'm arranging a memorial. I think you should be the one to deliver the eulogy. I know it's not going to be easy, but I think it's important that we face up to what's happened. You're in command now. The crew's looking to you for guidance. A memorial service helps to give everyone a sense of completion. Helps them begin the healing process. Will. I know you're angry. That's pretty selfish of you. Do you think you're the only one in pain? Do you think you have the monopoly on loss? Well, let me tell you something. We're all hurting, and we're all angry. And whether you like it or not, you have a responsibility to this crew, and you can't just indulge your personal desire for revenge. There must be some way we can track it. That doesn't make any sense. He knows those codes would have been changed as soon as he was captured.
Will must've done something to their weapons. I've gone over every word, every inflection, every facial response, and I still can't find any kind of code or hidden message. I'll keep trying. It might be the message we've been looking for. He may have been curt, but he was also very worried and even a little scared. Health and safety inspections? I'm sure the health and safety inspection won't last much longer. And in the meantime, I'm really glad that we have this opportunity to get to know you. May I ask what business you're in? (silent stare) Yes. He's all right. He's only stunned.
Hello, Data. What are you doing? I understand you've had some interesting dreams recently. Geordi was worried about you and he wanted me to check in and see how you were doing. Because of the nightmares? Data, you shouldn't be afraid of dark imagery in your dreams. It's a natural expression of your unconscious, if you have an unconscious. I'm not really sure how your positronic brain works but if it's anything like ours, then there's part of you that's trying to express itself through your dream state. And I think you should allow yourself to experience it. As Sigmund Freud said, dreams are the royal road to the knowledge of the mind. Let me know how it goes. Goodnight, Data. Please, don't hurt me, Data. No! Don't! No! No! Data! (Data cuts into the cake) [Data's quarters] Data! Data! (Data wakes to see Geordi, Worf and Troi standing over him) We've been trying to wake you up for the last five minutes. Data, if you were one of my human patients, I might be concerned right now. I'd say you had a waking dream or an hallucination. But you're not human. I think we might be looking at some kind of technological problem. Data, even Freud said, sometimes a cigar is just a cigar. But the bottom line is, I think you're developing an almost obsessive interest in your own inner workings. I'd almost call it the beginnings of a neurosis. Why not? You've eliminated all the technical explanations. And it makes sense that as your neural net becomes more complex, more human, that you might experience the same kind of psychological complexities as a human. Data, you must be the first person who's come into my office and been excited at the prospect of a new neurosis. But yes, I do think it's possible, and I'd like to start counselling you on a regular basis. No, we'll start weekly. And as a first step, I'd like you to shut down your dream programme until our next session, just to be on the safe side. Give yourself a chance to reflect on this experience. And Data? Next time, see me before you see Sigmund. [Ready room] Deck thirty six. (Data stops the doors closing) Hello, Data. Are you all right? (Data stares at her shoulder and raises the 'knife') What are you doing? No! (and Data stabs her) [Corridor] (waking) Data. Data. What is it? Data, don't worry about it. Geordi explained everything to me. It wasn't your fault. But somehow I thought turnabout would be fair play, so I made us a little something to snack on. (she uncovers a cake shaped like Data, and hands him the knife) Data, sometimes a cake is just a cake. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Sorry I'm late. I lost track of the time. Hello. Pleased to meet you. Well, Maques, what do you think of the Enterprise? I'm glad you think so. You've learned a great deal in a very short time. I'm sure it won't be long before your words do justice to your thoughts. Need? Why did you do that, Mother? You embarrassed both of us. Mother, don't start. Deck eight. Mother, stop it. (the door opens) Are you coming? (Lwaxana is crying. Troi gently leads her out) [Corridor] What's wrong? Nothing's going to happen to me. My first appointment isn't for a few minutes. Why don't we talk for a while? Are you sure? Maques. You don't have to. It wasn't your fault. Please. (they sit) My mother misled you. Yes? You mean you've never had telepathy with someone who wasn't Cairn? In what way? Dark? I'm not sure. Have you ask my mother about this? Of course. You said among the Cairn, nothing is hidden. We value honesty, but we don't always share everything we're thinking and feeling. Yes. For us, yes. It is our way. I'm glad you stopped by. I was all set for another round of arguing when all of a sudden she just fell apart. It's more than that. I'm been sensing very erratic emotions from her. Even the clothes she's wearing are unusual. They're so subdued. Mother! That's enough! You're coming with me. [Sickbay] It's a neurotransmitter involved in telepathy. Maybe I can help with the Cairn. Then I won't use telepathy. We'll work verbally. No, you'll work verbally too. The point is for you to get some rest, mother. Besides, it'll do them good to have to figure things out with words. This is the ship's arboretum. Very good, Hedril. This is where people come to relax, enjoy themselves in a natural setting. (Maques pricks his finger on a rose thorn) Flowers of all hue, and without thorn the rose. It's an old earth poem by John Milton. Poetry is an art form that uses words, put together in new and unexpected ways, sometimes in rhyme. Milton was speculating that in Heaven, roses wouldn't have thorns. Oh. Er, Heaven is. Well, it's, how can I put it? (Maques looks at Lwaxana) Mother, you're supposed to be avoiding telepathy. You don't look well. Don't worry she'll be fine. This is something I think you'll find interesting. It's a jewel plant from Folnar Three. The plant secretes a resin which is collected within the blossom. By the time the bloom has faded, the resin has hardened into a rare and beautiful gem. (Hedril is walking on the stones around the pond. She falls into the water, and stands up giggling. It's about 6 inches deep.) Mother! (Lwaxana is out cold on the ground) Mother? Troi to Sickbay. Medical emergency in the arboretum. [Sickbay] I don't understand. She was fine just yesterday. The paracortex is the Betazoid telepathic lobe. She communicated with Maques telepathically just before she fell. What thoughts? Take your time. I don't understand. It's all right. I'm fine. He was just trying to communicate with me telepathically. I'm not sure. [Crusher's office] He communicated so much to me that at first it was just a jumble of images. I think so. During his telepathic contact with my mother, Maques sensed what he calls a dark place. He tried to tell me about it before, in my office, and I misunderstood. I thought he was talking about thoughts my mother was keeping private, but what he meant was that there was something happening in her met conscious mind. It's a part of the Betazoid psyche. It's a kind of filtering mechanism that protects us from psychic trauma. He feels that whatever is wrong with her is centred there. If he's right it may mean that she's suffered some kind of trauma that her metaconscious just can't tolerate. No. Nothing. I'd like to stay here with her. I'm going to try to contact her telepathically. Tell me, mother. Please. (later, Deanna is sleeping on another biobed when someone comes in. She wakes) Computer, lights! (it's Maques) What are you doing? [Observation lounge] How? What were you trying to do? Yes? Tell me telepathically. (the direct stare) Maques believes my mother's psyche has collapsed in on itself. That for some reason, she has retreated into her metaconscious mind. Yes. He was able to access images being generated by her metaconscious, but he couldn't make any sense of them. He saw faces he didn't recognize, events he couldn't interpret. Maques feels he can provide a telepathic bridge that will allow me to access my mother's metaconscious. If he can, I might be able to find out what happened to her. I'm not sure. But I do know that there's a part of her that wants to be helped. When I tried to contact her telepathically, I heard a voice calling out to me. There's no way to know. I'd like to try. [Sickbay] I understand. [Corridor] Mother? Captain? Are you talking to me from Sickbay? Why don't you ask Maques to do it? You're not Captain Picard. This isn't real. None of this is real. (but when it snarls, she turns and runs, and the wolf follows. Troi gets into a room just before it catches her) [Nursery] (there's sunshine and foliage outside the windows, toys in the room, and a man in a movie-style uniform) Daddy? Don't do this. You're not my father. You're part of my mother's mind. What is this place? Did I live here? I don't remember these toys. I do remember. I always felt safe when you sang to me. Down in the valley. No, you're just trying to keep me here. Keep me from finding something. I have to help her. She called out to me. She does want me to help. Goodbye, Daddy. [Corridor] (the sound of water again, then Hedril as a Betazoid child) Hedril. (Lwaxana comes around the corner) Mother. No! [Observation lounge] Hedril, I asked your father to bring you here because I wanted to talk to you about something. You know that Lwaxana's sick, don't you? No, not at all. But I believe that she's been thinking about you. Do you know why? Why do you say that? Do you have any idea why Hedril would make my mother sad? Well, thank you for coming to talk to us. I'll see you later, all right? Thank you, Hedril. So do I. (Hedril and Maques leave) I just don't understand how she fits in to all this. I don't think so. My mother never mentioned her. Yes, she does. I'll contact Mister Homn on Betazed and ask him to transmit a copy as soon as possible. There may be some clues there. That's right. A child might represent vulnerability. Hedril may depict some fragile part of my mother. Yes. You, the wolf, my father. It was though she were summoning all her defences to keep me away. But keep me away from what? What is she protecting? [Troi's quarters] (a box containing, amongst other things, a carving, a silver case containing a lock of dark hair, and a picture of her father) Come in. Hello, Captain. No, nothing. I've gone through all her belongings, read her journal from the last five years, and other than the fact that I'm not married yet, nothing bad seems to have happened to her. Yes. I remember when he died, my mother had to go through all his things and pack them away. I was seven. I remember thinking how mad he'd be when he came home and saw what she'd done. I didn't understand he wasn't coming back. If we can't figure out what's wrong with her, Captain, I don't think she will. But I don't know what else to do. I've talked with Mister Homn, who's known her for years. I've checked her medical records. I've made enquiries to the government on Betazed, I've contacted her closest friends. If she's been through some kind of psychic trauma, there's just no evidence of it. That's a lot to review. My mother's kept a journal since before she was married. That's the year they were married. It starts about a year after the wedding. My mother's so diligent about her journal. why would she have stopped making entries for so long? I don't understand any of this. Captain, I have to go back inside my mother's mind. It's the only way we're ever going to get any answers. [Sickbay] I know. [Corridor] Hedril, be careful. (Hedril pets the wolf) Wait! I want to talk to you. (the corridor ends in open space) Mother? No. I want to help you. Why did you delete parts of your journal? Did something happen to you you don't want me to know about? Who's Hedril, mother? Why is she here? Is Hedril me when I was a little girl? Did you let something happen to someone? Was it here at El'nar? Tell me. Whatever it is. we can face it together. You can. We can. Kestra? What happened, Mother. What happened next? You have to. You can't hold it back. It's killing you. You have to forgive yourself, Mother. You have to let go. It was a terrible tragedy. The worst thing that can happen to any parent. I know you feel responsible but it was an accident. And what you're doing isn't fair to Kestra. I saw a little girl who was sweet and happy. She must have brought a great deal of joy to your lives. Isn't it better to remember her like that? I just found out I had a sister I never knew. I'd like to learn what was good and joyous about her. To celebrate her life, not mourn it. Kestra was here a few moments ago. Talk to her. Do it, mother. Tell her how you feel. I'll be here with you. I'll help you. Mister Homn said he saved it in case someday you wanted to remember her. Tell me about her. I want to know everything. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Our primary concern is not to assign blame, but to recover our missing officers. Surely you must have some means of communication in case of a planetary emergency. How long has it been since your last diplomatic contact? Then it's possible they may have changed over the years.
Hekaras Two is inhabited, isn't it? Maybe they've had contact with the Fleming. And what about the Ferengi? And the Cardassians, for that matter?
I don't think so. She's believed she's human all her life. The truth might be devastating to her. What do you mean? I know how much that means to you, Data, but at the same time, by telling her you're robbing her of the one thing you've wanted all your life. To be human.
It wasn't easy to translate. There doesn't seem to be a Klingon word for jolly. I think it's wonderful. And I know just where to put it. I always thought this room could use a little more colour. Don't I wish. This is from Alexander. He gave it me just before he left to visit your parents. (takes cake) Thank you. (Worf unwraps a plaster cast) He wished he could have been here when you got back from shore leave. You should have seen him, Worf. He stayed up all night talking about how proud he was of his father. Oh, it was my pleasure. Of course. Oh? Most children do. Worf, that's one of the nicest things anyone's ever said to me. His Soh-chIm? I don't know what to say. It's a great honour. So, that would make me your? That would make my mother your step-mother. I accept. (in a fetching off the shoulder blue number) Worf, let's assume for a second you're right, that things did happen as you remember them. Are you saying that everyone's memory on this ship has been altered but yours? (doorbell) What's wrong? Worf, I hung that painting there. At your birthday party, remember? Why'd you lock the door? I heard what happened on the Bridge. Are you all right? Do you want to talk about it? Very well, Lieutenant. Hot chocolate. Actually, there is. (she goes and sits on the bed) Come and sit down. I just want you to relax for a minute. (she unties his ponytail) There. (she massages his shoulders) You are so tense. Now, I know you don't want to talk about what happened on the Bridge, but there are times when it's just best to let things out. Come on. If you can't talk to me, who can you talk to? (Troi nuzzles his neck, and he leaps away) Even for your wife? Worf, what's wrong? What's changed? Are you saying you don't remember the last three years? You don't remember us falling in love and getting married? Whatever's wrong, whatever happened, I want you to know that I believe you. And that I love you. And together we'll find out what's happening. [Engineering] I'm on my way. Let me know if you find anything. You're a Commander and First Officer. Yes. What do you mean, quantum realities? How did this happen? Worf. From what I understand, there's a good chance my Worf won't return. I guess it's just hard for me to accept that there's a reality out there where you never loved me. What about our children? You didn't know? We have a little girl, Shannara, she's two years old, and a three year old boy, Eric Christopher. Alexander? Ever since the Bajorans overpowered the Cardassian Empire, they've become more and more aggressive. (entering from the other side) Welcome home, Worf. (he nearly has a heart attack) I hope you don't mind, I let myself in. I promised Alexander I'd feed his Dalvin hissing beetle while you were both away. What's that supposed to mean? Happy birthday, Worf. Will wanted to give you a surprise party, but I knew you'd hate it so I talked him out of it. I know Klingons like to be alone on their birthdays. I'm sure you have to meditate, or hit yourself with a pain stick or something. Oh? I'd love to.
Captain Picard Day is one of the children's favourite school activities. They look forward to it all year. Because you're the Captain, and they look up to you. You're a role model for them. Will. (Riker puts the doll back and leaves) The finalists will be here in half an hour. You have to pick a first, second and third place, and four honourable mentions.
Not entirely. The Prime Directive was designed to ensure non-interference. I know things must look very strange to you, but everything's going to be all right. No one's going to hurt you. We're friends of Nikolai and Worf. Don't be afraid. Yes. He's my friend. That means you are, too. I promise I won't hurt you. Here he is now. This is Captain Picard. Yes.
That was a beautiful. No. Maybe he was a friend or one of her patients. I'd love to. Your grandmother had remarkable green eyes. How well do you remember your mother? That's beautiful. You should take it with you. I'm going to head back to the ship. I just thought you'd like some time alone. I'll see you later. You dreamt you were in bed with someone? You said you felt a touch. Like a caress? Frankly, I'm envious. Well, that's bound to cause a dream or two. So, shall we start going over the personnel reports? I'd read two chapters. [Graveyard] (Beverly is in local garb, and Ned is tidying the edges of the grave) Hi, Bev. I just wanted to see if you were going to mok'bara class this morning. Did you have another dream last night? Is anything wrong? Beverly, if I didn't know any better, I'd say you were seeing someone. Now I know you're seeing someone. Well, you obviously have romantic feelings for him. Beverly, when are you going to realise that you can't fool me? Who is it? Ronin? Your grandmother's lover? Passionate. I admit it's unusual. I'm very happy for you. But I want you to consider something. You and Ronin have both suffered a tremendous loss. Very often, shared traumatic experience can create the illusion of closeness and romance. Beverly was attracted to Ronin in a very intense and intimate way. I warned her that it was all very sudden but she didn't want to talk about it, so I let her alone. I sensed that she was holding something back, that she wasn't telling me the whole truth. It's possible. But she may really believe she's in love with him. I agree, but she does have the right to make that choice, even if we don't feel it's a good one. (doorbell) How so?
But Carstairs is better with people. Considering this is a supervisory position, I'd go with her. Three months ago. Fine with me, Captain. The new night duty officer? Thank you. Yes. Don't tempt me. (the waiter goes to the other table) Well, if he's seeing someone else he should tell Alyssa. I mean, it might hurt her now, but it would be better in the long run. Really? Why? Why assume he's doing it that to get the job? I don't know. It seems to me that you and Lavelle are a lot alike. Didn't you tell me that you took up poker so you could be the officer's game at the Potemkin? But your senior officers might have thought you were trying to ingratiate yourself. I guess it's lucky that they realised you were young and inexperienced, and decided not to hold it against you. Pull up a chair.
Thank you. I was just reporting in. I didn't expect to find anyone up except Data. Isn't Barkon Four inhabited? Fine. It was good to see some old friends. I'd lost touch with most of them. It's interesting to see the different paths some of their lives have taken. Beverly, you don't usually stand a watch on the Bridge even when Data's not here. May I ask you a personal question? Why did you decide to become a Commander? I mean, you didn't need the rank in order to be Chief Medical Officer, so why put yourself through all the extra work? Is something wrong? But he's not responding. Is that supposed to be a question? (parp parp) Because if you're asking me if I liked what you were playing, then the answer is yes. (paarp parp) You know, this is a much better way of communicating for you. It's far less confusing than the way you normally speak. (parp!) I'm glad to be of service. Actually I wanted to ask your opinion about something. I've been thinking about taking the Bridge Officer's test and becoming a full Commander. A lot of things. Working on the personnel review last month, talking with Beverly about her experiences, going to my class reunion. All right, I admit it was a catalyst. But I can honestly say that I've been thinking about this off and on over the past two years. Do you remember when the Enterprise hit that quantum filament and I was in command on the Bridge? Well, when that happened, I was overwhelmed. But when it was over I realised that a part of me missed it. Not the actual disaster, but the experience of being in command. I felt like I was exploring a whole new side of myself. Not that I want to give up counselling by any means, but I really would like to stretch myself a little. And I'm a pretty good student. Switch to auxiliary control. All right. Switch the EM power inverter to the lateral. No, wait. Use the neodyne relay. Computer, emergency procedure. Eject antimatter storage unit three. Authorisation, Troi omega omega three one. Thank you for the encouragement. So what did I do wrong? Why not? What kind of a test is this? Well how do I know what to study if you won't tell me what I did wrong? The secondary plasma vent has a triple redundant bypass. Which means that the primary access junction is routed through (doorbell) Come in. Would be routed through the port transducer matrix. Come to give me more encouragement? What? May I ask why? Well, then I'll take it four times, or fourteen times, or however many times are necessary for me to get it right. Why? Because I'm not the most technically-minded person on the ship? I may have trouble telling the difference between a plasma conduit and a phase inducer, but there's more to being a bridge officer than memorising technical manuals. Tell me one thing. Is there a solution? Or is this simply a test of my ability to handle a no-win situation? Then give me time to find it. My first duty is to the ship. The ship! [Holodeck - Engineering] Computer, load Bridge Officer's test, Engineering qualification section one. Run programme. Geordi, could you repair the ODN conduit if you went into the crawlspace? I know that. Geordi, could you repair the conduit? Then do it. That's an order. (Geordi exits to the Jefferies tube) That's what this was all about, wasn't it? To see if I'd order someone to their death. I knew that was part of being in command and I thought I'd prepared for it, but when the moment came I hesitated. Maybe you were right. Maybe I'm not cut out for this. Well, if you'll excuse me, I have the Bridge this watch. That's right. Which means from now on you can call me sir.
(to a girl) That's very good. (to a boy) Well, that's very nice. Not at all. Birds have wings of all sizes, Eric. And you shouldn't worry about making it look perfect. She's right. It is important that you be able to make the clay take the shape you want it to have, but you're not supposed to be concentrating on technique today. I'm here to help you focus on the feelings you want to convey with your sculpture. For instance, what do you think about when you see a bird? Fine. So, make your sculpture make me think of flying, too. (She moves on to the big kid in the class) How's it going, Data? I'm sure they are. Data, you obviously don't have a trouble with realism, but you're here to work on your imagination. Maybe you should try something a little more abstract. Here. I want you to start a new piece. I'd like you to sculpt music. Well, think of the effects that sounds have on people, the images that music brings to your mind, and then give it a form. (he quickly forms a treble clef) It's a start. More like falling techniques. Last time we did that I was sore for a week. I have no idea. I've never seen it before. It's not quite his style. That's an interesting thought (to a child) That's nice. Data, this is amazing. How did you come up with this? (Data has made a half-face mask with a compass rose motif on the forehead) That's an understatement. Data, have you been in my quarters? Somebody left an object in my room. Some kind of artefact, and it has something very similar to this. And you don't know anything about it? As a result, Data's real personality has been completely buried. In a sense, Data has the android equivalent of multiple personalities. Who's this? You said the personalities inside Data were in awe of her, even terrified. What are we being transformed into? But why is this happening? What does the archive hope to accomplish? The question is, can we trust a personality from an alien archive that seems bent on taking us over? Captain, take a look at this. Sir? Animals are worshipped in many cultures. This is the most prominent instance of the horn symbol we've seen yet. The sun chasing an animal? And like the sun and the moon, only one of them can be in ascendance at any given time. Sir. We have no way idea what the result would be. The symbol might generate anything from Korgano's temple to Korgano himself. Captain, we know so little about this culture and even less about Korgano. How would you convince Masaka that you're him?
I met with him about six weeks ago, during the crew evaluations. He was very positive. He was looking forward to being posted to the nacelle tube. If he made any personal logs, it might be helpful to look through them. His mother's Napean, his father's human. It all looks so normal. For some reason I half expected the place to be a mess. Well, he must have been in a lot of pain to do what he did. It could be that the prospect of ending the pain felt like a great relief. (Troi picks up a photograph on the bedside table) This is Ensign Calloway, isn't it? It's always hard to lose someone you care about, but to lose them like this? This is his last entry. He made it before going on duty this morning. Ensign Calloway. That doesn't sound like a man who's planning on taking his own life. I thought you might like to know that in his personal logs, Dan talked about you a great deal. He loved you very much. That's what I'm trying to find out. I know it's hard to talk right now, but it would be very helpful if you could tell me a few things about him. When was the last time you saw him? Did he mention anything that had happened recently, anything that might have upset him? Nara. She's his superior officer in the nacelle tube? Was he prone to mood swings or depression? Well, Napeans are partially empathic. He may have inherited some of his mother's abilities. I understand. Oh, I didn't see you there. You're Lieutenant Nara, aren't you? I'm investigating Lieutenant Kwan's death, and I just wanted to look around. Did you notice any change in his behaviour recently? How was his job performance? Did he get along with his coworkers? But not all? Where was Lieutenant Kwan's station? I don't know. [Sickbay] I don't know how to describe it. I was suddenly overwhelmed by a flood of emotions. Fear, rage, panic. And the sensations didn't seem to be coming from any person. They were just there, in the room. I was. I don't know. I don't see how. But if I went back to the nacelle tube, I might get a better sense of what I experienced. Come in. Hello, Worf. Everything I've read suggests that he was well-adjusted and optimistic. It just doesn't make any sense. Can I get you anything? Yridian tea. I've been thinking about what happened to me in the nacelle tube. Whether it was an empathic echo left by Kwan's death. All the ones I'm sure of, yes. Well, when I was a young girl, my grandfather used to tell me stories by the fire. I would close my eyes and listen to his mind for hours on end. My grandfather rarely spoke. He said that was for off-worlders and people who didn't know any better. Now the only time I can remember his stories is when I go home and sit by the fireplace. Sometimes when I'm alone there, it's almost as if I can hear his voice inside my head. I can't explain it, but it feels real to me. Just like what happened in the nacelle tube. Oh, it's all right. Could you open this door for me? I just want to take a quick look. I'm not sure. (the hatch rises and the stream of energy is visible) Worf? (a toolbox is present labelled Utopia Planetia - and the nacelle is not completed) Worf? (Troi goes back down the ladder and hears laughter from the junction room. She opens the door to see another man and the woman kissing. They laugh at her) Let's get out of here. [Observation lounge] Yes, I think I do. There was a tool crate on the floor. It was labeled Utopia Planitia. Everyone was looking directly at me, but it was as though I was seeing through someone else's eyes. It's possible, but I don't see how it could have happened. I've never seen the woman before, or the man who was with her. But there was someone else there. A man. He was staring at me in the most peculiar way. I think he had reddish hair. And he did seem familiar to me. But it's all so hazy. It's like trying to remember a dream. I don't know, but something terrible happened in there. I felt it. If only I could go back to the control room without being overwhelmed by the experience. It might help me remember some detail that might be relevant. I'd like to try that. No. There were literally thousands of people involved in building the Enterprise. I think I have. The man who looked familiar to me may have served on board the Enterprise in the last seven years, so I've asked the computer to limit its search to personnel who served at Utopia Planitia and on the Enterprise. Ensign Salvatore. He transferred over a year ago. Lieutenant Ziff. She's in Quantum mechanics. That's him. I remember now. He came on board about six months ago. I think he's in Engineering. [Engineering] Did you ever spend time in the nacelle control room while it was under construction? Were you ever in the nacelle room at the same time as Lieutenant Kwan? Do you recall if anything unusual happened there? An altercation, perhaps. Possibly involving Lieutenant Kwan. Not at all. When I was in the nacelle room I had an empathic experience. And I saw you there. Do you have any idea why that might be? Lieutenant, are you aware that I can sense when someone's telling the truth? Then I'm sure that if you remember anything that might be relevant to our investigation, you'll contact me. Thank you, Lieutenant. The strange thing is I couldn't read him at all. Well it wouldn't be much of a bluff if you knew, would it? The fact that I couldn't read him suggests that he has at least some telepathic ability. That's what I don't understand. Even though I couldn't read his emotions, I did feel that he was holding something back. Maybe we should try to access the Engineering logs from Utopia Planitia. We might find out more about him. It going to take about half an hour for the transmission to be completed. It is late. A little. Goodnight. I think we should. I'll see you in the morning. Hello. That sounds nice. But it can wait. Why didn't we do this a long time ago? Yes, Doctor. [Sickbay] Acknowledged. Will it completely suppress my empathic abilities? Good morning. Data and Geordi are already in the nacelle tube. Are you ready? All right. I'm fine. The inhibitor seems to be working. Have you found anything? I don't remember seeing these during my empathic experience. Have they been here since the ship was built? Geordi, I remember seeing a plasma conduit right there. Can you open it? Lieutenant Nara, may I ask you something? The work Lieutenant Kwan was doing, was it unusual in any way? Thank you. [Injector room] (Geordi removes the panel) Something happened when you removed the panel. There's something in there. Yes. That's her. That's the woman I saw. Something's not right. Pull up Lieutenant Kwan's service record. I thought so. He didn't arrive at the shipyard until six months after Finn's death. I couldn't have been seeing through his eyes. Well it had to be someone who was at least partially telepathic. Yes, but not as clearly as I could see everything else. His face looked like that. So I was seeing through his eyes. And Finn was trying to get away from him. She was afraid of him. Worf, can I ask you something? Do you regret what happened last night? Are you sure? Because I don't want anything to jeopardise our friendship. I'm not feeling myself. Maybe it's the inhibitor. I'm so used to sensing what people are feeling, and now I can't. That might be a good idea. I'll be waiting for you. (Worf leaves) Deck eight. [Troi's quarters] Come in. (it's Pierce) Security to Counsellor Troi's quarters. Where is he? Troi to Worf. Computer, where is Lieutenant Worf? Take Lieutenant Pierce to his quarters and hold him there. [Corridor] (Troi gets to Calloway's quarters and decides against ringing the bell) Security override, authorisation Troi Delta two nine. [Calloway's quarters] (Worf and Calloway are embracing as Troi enters. Calloway starts laughing, then Worf.) Stop it. Stop it! Stop it! (Deanna grabs a convenient phaser and shoots Worf) No! No! [Corridor] I know what I have to do. (Troi step up to the edge and Worf pulls her back) You're alive! You're all right! (Troi hugs Worf with relief and joy) [Observation lounge] It all seemed so real to me. I can't believe that everything I experienced happened in just those few seconds. I don't believe it was an accident. I think Lieutenant Pierce found out the other two were having an affair. He lost control and he killed them both. Afterwards, he probably activated the plasma stream and then threw himself into it. It may be that when Lieutenant Pierce was struck by the plasma stream, the subspace energy present there imprinted his empathic pattern into the residue. That's what triggered my hallucination. My mind must have taken elements from my own life and then created a situation that in many ways mirrored what happened to Pierce. If you hadn't been there, I would have jumped just like he did. [Bridge] Well, actually, in my hallucination, you were killed. Well, you know what they say, Mister Worf. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Thanks for waiting. Worf we were supposed to have lunch together, remember? Well, I'm hungry too. Excuse me. Can I have an order of Ongilin caviar. Make that a double order. I'm in the mood for something salty. Besides, it's no stranger than what you're eating. (downs a glass of water) Have you noticed how dry the air is on the ship? I wonder if the environmental controls are set properly. (Worf belches) You're excused. (Troi's caviar arrives) Is something wrong? You always say that. Worf, calm down. I think you're under more stress than you'd like to admit. Maybe you should get some rest. I didn't mean right now. (and has another glass of water) [Worf's quarters] (Worf can't sleep. He rips his sheet, prowls the room semi-crouched then guts the bed for material to make a nest on the floor. Now he can sleep) [Engineering] Computer, increase ambient temperature by two degrees Centigrade and increase relative humidity by ten percent. Worf, it's freezing in here. Live with it. Computer, execute my original command. (she finally can't stand it) I need a bath. You have the Bridge. [Jefferies tube] (a panel has been eaten by acid or something) What are you doing here? Computer, increase temperature by five degrees. Leave me alone! (Worf grabs her arm and bites her on the cheek) [Sickbay] Can I have a glass of water? It's so cold in here. I think I'd better clear my calendar for the next few weeks. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
As you can see, there are three other planets in this sector that have environmental conditions similar to those here on Dorvan Five. They're all uninhabited and could be colonised immediately. Captain, I suggest we adjourn. Allow us all time to think about what's been said. I am. Several Indian tribes rose up to overthrow their Spanish overlords and drove them out of what is now called New Mexico.
Somehow I doubt the Yridians are going to be forthcoming about where they might have gone. You're up to something. How did you know? Why would someone do that? What is it?
Hello, Jason. I'm Deanna Troi, Ship's Counsellor. No, I just thought I'd come and see how you were doing. A lot's happened in the last few hours. I thought you might like to talk about it. But you've never met your father before. It must be somewhat overwhelming. Well, that's only natural. So, how did you feel about the Captain, about your father? I was born on Betazed. Look Jason, I came here to talk to you because I'm the Ship's Counsellor. If you don't want to talk to me in that way, then I think I should go. You're welcome to make an appointment to come by my office.
How could that happen? Almost like an imagination. Captain, I'd like to go to the holodeck. I could interact with the characters and maybe find some clues to help us understand what's happening. No. Can you deal me in? Is that why you killed the Engineer? To get this brick? Why? What's at Keystone City? Wait. What happens at Keystone City? Why are you taking the brick there? I think we should follow that man. That brick may be an important clue. [Holodeck - subway] (the Gangster goes up the subway steps from the New York City Transit System at Broadway + 7th) Where did he go? (they walk down the empty street to a manhole cover) There he is. I'm going after him. (Worf goes with her, leaving Data alone. Sunshine taxi registration H20638 hurtles round the corner and drives straight at him. Data rolls out of the way and carries on his work) [Holodeck - wall] (the Gangster comes to a building with scaffolding, and a wall where there is one brick missing from the middle) What are you doing here? That man said he was laying a foundation. Troi to Data How are you doing? [Holodeck - street] What's happening? I'm fine. [Cargo bay] The ship was protecting itself again. Stopping us from interfering. Whatever it's doing it intends to continue. I think he's right, Captain. Look at the common themes playing out on the holodeck. A puzzle being put together, a foundation being laid, a paper doll being fashioned. They're all images of something being constructed. The holodeck was full of metaphoric imagery like it was having some kind of daydream. It may not make literal sense, but symbolically it probably does have some kind of logic to it. I think they represent different aspects of the ship. The Engineer, for instance, may represent the navigational system, the gunslinger could be the weapon system. I don't think it's possible to reason with them. Many of them are genuinely unaware of what's going on. It's as though this emergent intelligence is like an infant acting on impulse, trying to figure itself out as it goes. The only source of experience it can draw on is ours through our holodeck programs. Maybe there is. I'd like to go back and try. I'm aware of that. Is there anything we can do to help? Why don't you go with him, Worf? We'll see what we can do here. (Worf and the conductor leave) Of course. You needn't worry about a thing. So, tell me everything you know about Vertiform City. Yes. What happened? Where are we going now? Let's go. Please listen to me. We understand what's happening. We know you have get to New Vertiform City, and we want to help you get there. Please, we're your friends. I promise.
Congratulations on your promotion, Lieutenant. Thank you. This is real Bajoran foraiga. So, where are your new quarters?
That was an incredible programme. Worf, we were walking barefoot on the beach with balalaika music in the air, ocean breeze washing over us, stars in the sky, a full moon rising, and the most you can say is stimulating? You know, I don't spend nearly enough time on the holodeck. I should take my own advice and go there to relax. Next time I'll choose the programme. If you like the Black Sea, you're going to love Lake Cataria on Betazed. Why, is he coming along? Worf, I think it's all right to concentrate on our feelings, yours and mine. (they're about to kiss when) Captain, what's wrong? Can you describe where you were, what it looked like? It's all right. Have you considered the possibility that this was just a dream? How long did you spend in each time period? Did it seem like minutes, hours? Captain? Captain? Is there any indication of temporal displacement? Of course. (Troi leaves) No, sir. I'm only aware of the crew and the families on board the ship. Captain, perhaps if we understood your thinking, if you could explain Yes. There was a reception in Ten Forward. I introduced you to Worf and the other senior officers. No. Actually I, we have plans. No, sir. And that you were causing it now? I don't think we can start second guessing ourselves. I think we have to proceed normally and deal with each situation as it occurs. Captain, may I have a word with you in private? Captain, I just wanted to voice my concerns about the way the crew is responding to your unexpected orders. Some do. Others are confused. It takes some time for a new crew to get to know their Captain, and for him to know them. It would also help if they knew what was going on. Actually, sir, there is. I was debating whether to mention it, and perhaps. It's about Commander Riker. I think you should know he and I have had a prior relationship. Not at all. It happened several years ago and it's well behind both of us now. I just thought you should know. Thank you, sir. (Troi leaves) Sir? Aye, sir. All decks report ready, sir. Captain, are you all right? Is something wrong, sir? Am I too late? What's the game? You were always welcome.
