Bridge, we're taking [Engineering] As you can.
Yeah.
T'Pol, you said you found a cave this afternoon. [T'Pol's tent]
All by themselves.
We've got a [Situation room] Aye, sir. Captain. You're on the floor of a stable tunnel. You should be okay. Aye, sir. [Tunnel] (The hatch catches against the tunnel wall, but they can squeeze out.)
Enterprise, this is Commander Tucker. Repeat, Enterprise, this is Commander Tucker. Hey! Can you hear me? Hello? Anybody out there? [Large room]
Must be a real page turner. You all right?
Captain, let me come down there and take a crack at it. [Garos's shop] This'd be a lot easier if you'd stop rocking the boat. I've got a lock. [Bridge]
Are you all right? Enterprise to Archer.
We've got an antimatter cascade, sir! [Engineering]
Then we can shunt the energy to structural integrity.
Up here, Doc!
Captain, can you hear me?
At their present rate of descent, half hour, give or take. They're back in comm. range. (Travis sees the shuttlepod leaving the gas giant.) I'm picking up something. I'll try to tie in the UT. We've got it. Barely. The probe's gone. (The hull groans.) T'Pol said the Klingons were unconscious. Why is this one so lively? You know, I read if they sense a leader's weak, they'll try to kill him and take command. Yeah, it's a tough little ship but it can't hold up under that pressure forever. What if we use duratanium braces to reinforce a shuttlepod? It won't look pretty but, it might hold up long enough for us to get our people out. You been boning up on your Klingon psychology? Maybe it's time you started thinking like a Klingon. [deleted scene] Beg your pardon? Learn anything? That may explain why our guest is so irritable. Going to go put your homework to use? How long till they get here? On screen. Well, I don't see why not. Calling to say thanks? They're charging weapons.
Now let's find that leak. (Reed spots where the gas is being sucked out.) REED: I got it. It's over here.
I've never seen an engine this far gone. We're going to have to swap out every plasma relay in your reactor.
If the bugs glow in the dark, at least you can tell when they've crawled into your sleeping bag. How's he doing, Doc? You lost the Drayjin but at least you got some scars to show for it. Evening, Captain.
It's been at least an hour. I'm getting a little well-done in here. Doctor? (But Phlox is spark out on the floor.) [Decon chamber]
Mmm. It's delicious. What is it?
Just say the word and we'll bring you both home.
What the hell was that? The Texas goalie can't block to his right because he keeps his hands too deep. Captain. Captain? (No reply. The web has grown even more, and the two crewmen are just about invisible under the white filaments. Trip and Archer's faces can still be seen. Reed and his assistant creep into the bay and put the forcefield emitters up on the walls a metre or so in from the door. A tentacle come to investigate and the forcefield stops it.)
The port injectors just blew! [Engineering]
You hear that?
(to Dee'Ahn) We only had a few hours of air, left so I jettisoned our engine and blew it up. Turned it into a rescue flare.
Sorry to call so late, Captain, but all three inspection pods are getting their weekly overhauls tonight. They tell me they won't be ready till noon, so I figured you might want to sleep in. You must be reading my mind. I was just about to suggest the same thing.
I think that wine's gone to your head. Do you realise you've just rewritten our history books?
Same as you, I guess. Locked in tight. [Reed's quarters] And Hoshi and Travis are on C deck. It won't work. We can only access the decoupling pins from outside our quarters. [Travis's quarters] You can do it. We need you to do it. [Crawlspace] (Hoshi is having to slither and wiggle in the small space between pipes and stuff. At one point she looks down through a grill to see two Suliban patrolling a corridor. She gets to Phlox's quarters and knocks on the grill. He has been preparing some hyposprays.) You guys have wanted to scrub this mission from day one. We proved to you that we didn't kill those thirty six hundred people, but you don't want to hear it. You're pathetic!
What'd you find out?
We're playing with fire, Captain. It's just a matter of time before this injector gives up the ghost. Captain wants to see me.
Tucker here.
Schematics for Enterprise. You said you like to look at starships. This one'll knock your socks off.
Please, sit down. I had Chef prepare a special lunch. Bangers and mash for you, and, Denobulan sausage for the Doctor.
I'm telling you, something's gone wrong. We should hail them. Did you get a fix on the signal? That's more than thirty kilometres from the tavern. Where's the shuttlepod? They couldn't have travelled that far on foot. Not that fast. If there was a change of plan, they would've told us. We'd have more luck if we moved into a lower orbit. We could take Shuttlepod two, set it down here. They're being held less than thirty metres away. We'd be back in orbit before anyone knew they were gone. What if they didn't see us coming? We've still got that Suliban cell-ship, the one we used to rescue Klaang from the Helix. I've been working on it in my free time. I'm pretty close to figuring out how it works. If I can bring the cloak on line, we can get past their defences, grab our people, and no one will see a thing. I could use a hand. I don't get it. The power converter's engaged. Juice is definitely flowing through these relays. So why can we still see the ship? I've identified every other component. It's got to be it. Run the power-up sequence again. Hold on a minute, Travis. (Tucker presses a device to the centre of a display - there's a shock and he's thrown back out of the ship.) Just got the wind knocked out of me a bit. (Part of his tool box disappears, then Travis spots something else.) It tingles a little. How's that? They feel all right. What's your scanner say? Are you saying I'm permanently cloaked? Eventually? What am I supposed to do in the meantime? I can't work like this. (Phlox hands him a rubber glove.) Thanks.  [Detention centre - courtyard] (Gosis has the phase pistol.) Reconnect the diffraction relays and we'll give it another shot. (He sneaks another look under his rubber glove.) Still missing in action. I could probably become a world-class magician. Let's try it again. (Tucker gets out of the ship while Travis settles into the main seat.) TUCKER: Go ahead. (The outside of the front hatch fluctuates.) Not exactly. Shut her down. The cloaking generator's running at a hundred and ten percent, and it's still not enough. Let's route more power from the warp relays. Maybe that will do the trick. We're still reconfiguring the power matrix but I'm pretty confident We'll get it working on our way down if we have to. Look, invisible or not, this cell ship can take more of beating than our shuttlepod. They'll never see us coming.  [Detention centre - cell] There's a power drain in the cloaking generator. (The cell ship becomes visible as it reaches the cloud layer.) Are the warp relays offline? The weapon nodes are active. I thought we diverted power from the secondary systems. They may have been programmed to reactivate when we launched. Travis, can't you hold this thing steady? Stand by. (The cloak gets switched back on.)  [Detention centre - courtyard] Your ride's here. Captain? Yeah? What about this? Maybe nothing to you. Thanks, Doc. (As he presses the button to open the doors, we see there is still a small patch on Tucker's hand that is cloaked.)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of   CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Close enough to get some nice pictures. Sir? Wh-What about it? Is there a problem? I always assumed it was the best seat in the house. I was going to purge the impulse manifolds. Aye, aye, sir. [Ready room] (The monitor shows a portion of text about Henry Archer, Jonathan Archer's father.) (to his assistant) Push it forward. That's good, hold it there. This may not be as glamorous as a black hole, but the Captain gave me an order. I thought Vulcans had all this mental focus and discipline. We'll let you know when we're done. [Armoury] (reading) Huh? Why don't you just call it Security Protocol? Do you think a cup holder's too much? For the Captain's chair. He just wanted the seat adjusted but I figured as long as I'm working on it. I'm also upgrading the status displays. He'll be able to access tactical data from the armrest. I'm a little busy right now, Malcolm. It's the Captain's chair. It's just as important as your Reed Alert. Yeah. Thanks. It was terrific. Well, it seems to be a big hit. Congratulations. Here's your sensor interface. What's the emergency? You dragged me up here so you could identify radiation? You said it was urgent. I get it. You're paying me back. Making me jump through hoops because I was making too much noise. Well, you'll be happy to know I moved the Captain's chair down to Engineering. So it's nice and quiet on the Bridge now. Weren't you listening to me? I don't have time to cater to your whims. You want to get your name immortalized in the Vulcan database, get someone else to help you do it. I know you don't think this chair is important, but you're wrong. What's the most critical component on this ship? The main computer? The warp reactor? Uh-uh, it's the crew. And the most important member of the crew is the Captain. He makes life and death decisions every day and the last thing he needs to be thinking in a critical situation is, 'Gee, I wish this chair wasn't such a pain in the ass.' [Sickbay] Tactical Alert? Hand me that hyperspanner, would you? For what? They both sound like a bag full of cats. I'll look this over and get back to you. (Reed picks it up again.) I said I'll get back to you. Malcolm. One of your boys borrowed my laser micrometer. If you're heading to the Armoury, could you get it back for me? [Galley] Did you know that this chair is the exact same model used on Neptune class survey ships? Enterprise is the first warp five vessel in human history, the pride of the fleet, and you're sitting in a chair they've been using on warp two ships for over a decade. You deserve better, so I'm starting from scratch. I'm going to build you a throne. Stand right there. I need to get a few parametric scans to get your exact dimensions. This baby is going to fit like a glove. (Archer backs away from the thing Trip is pointing at him.) You won't feel a thing. (Trip takes his scan.) Don't move. Turn around. All done. Sounds good. I really need to get to work on this. How many more? Nineteen? Are you writing the preface or the book? No kidding. If I may, sir, it's a little longwinded. I'm not the only one. (Archer storms out.) [Galley] Captain. You might want to see this, sir. (he leads them back to the ) [Situation room] (Where he calls up the plans for the new Captain's chair on the central display.) Interactive status displays, secondary helm control. It's even got inertial micro-dampers. The ship could be shaking apart and you'd hardly feel a thing. I want to run some colours by you for the headrest. Give it a rest. Why don't you go play soldier somewhere else? (Archer becomes engrossed in his preface again.) Did we get some nice pictures of the black hole? [Sickbay] (Phlox is checking out the crew for residual effects.) Give it a try. (Archer sits and pauses.) Cross your legs. I lowered it, by one centimetre. Didn't have time to install the new status displays or the inertial micro-dampers, but if you give me a couple of days. How about I just attach the cup holder?
Safe and sound. Come on, Hoshi. What's the problem? What's the problem? Come on, Hoshi, come on.
Go ahead. I can see that. Sir? On my way. [Docking Port two] Who's they? The Captain said something about life support. Mind if I have a look? Looks very creative. I've got some EPS conduits that might do the trick. (He takes a look at the pod's monitor.) This would be a lot easier if I could read your language. If you don't mind, I'd like to ask our Communications Officer to give me a hand. No. No, no problem. I'm going to need some tools from Enterprise. With a little luck, Sleeping Beauty here will never know there was a problem. [Ready room] Is that the translation? Thanks. (Hoshi looks at the woman.) Hell of a way to travel, isn't it? I asked Plinn but he doesn't seem to know too much about her. He said something about studying medicine in a research colony. I suppose so. She must have a real passion for it if she's willing to go through all this. Shame we'll never get to meet her. What's that supposed to mean? I wasn't staring. (Hoshi leaves, then Tucker hears a thumping sound.) Hoshi? (It's coming from the stasis pod. The passenger has woken up and is fighting to get out.) Are you all right? [Captain's mess] (Archer, T'Pol, Plinn and Goff are eating when Goff's pager goes off.) Help me open this thing! She's suffocating! (Goff goes to the control module.) The release is jammed. Don't bother. (Finally he hauls the lid open, and we see she has her wrists tied.) I'm sorry about this, but the O2 recycler went offline. You're going to be all right. What the hell did you do that for? Hold on. Hold on. I'm not working with them. Calm down. I'm not going to hurt you. I'm, I'm from a starship called Enterprise. Enterprise. Now put that thing down and I'll untie you. Your hands, I'll free your hands. Let me help you. What the hell's going on? What? Where's Captain Archer? It's going to take a few hours. You're welcome? Have you seen a little device? It's about this big, has a keypad on it. It's my Universal Translator. It'll help us understand each other. (She finds it.) That's it. It's just so we can talk. (She hands it over.) I need you to say something. You got to keep talking. A little more. Can you understand me? Where's Hoshi when you need her? That's better. Would you mind telling me what's going on here? You'd have to ask them. (He gets out his communicator.) Commander Tucker to Enterprise. Enterprise, do you hear me? Chief Engineer. Feels like we've gone to warp. We thought they were cargo pilots. They claimed you were their passenger. Should I? Well, I'm afraid Earth isn't one of them. So I take it you're not a doctor. Oh. Charles Tucker the third. Please to meet you. So what do these guys want? Listen, my Captain'll be looking for me. All we have to do is get off this ship and let him know where we are. I saw a shuttlebay earlier. There were a couple of escape pods. I beg your pardon? Well, if it's all the same to you I'd rather take my chances in open space. If I remember right this access tube leads to a junction near the shuttlebay. With all due respect, I'm not one of your subjects. [Ready room] Could you hand me that circuit probe? The one with the green handle? (He has to get it himself.) You must be one hell of a diplomat. No, just me. That's precisely why I'm getting out of here. I really doubt they're going to keep me around once I fix their problem. You know, I realise someone in your position isn't used to taking advice from a guy like me, but I strongly suggest you come along. I've been involved in a few hostage situations. They rarely turn out the way you expect. You know, that stasis pod won't fix itself. Chances are you're going to spend the next five months tied up in this grimy little cargo hold. Not exactly my idea of a royal voyage. When I get back to Enterprise I'll make sure we get a message to your homeworld. Krios? Take care. I'm going to reroute their internal sensors. I'll be a million kilometres away before they know I'm gone. I'm much better company. [Crawlspace] Just a few more metres. Keep your voice down. What am I supposed to call you, anyway? First Monarch? Your Highness? What is that? Some kind of a title? These lead to internal sensors. (He finishes what he's doing, then removes a grid further along and jumps down to the floor. She puts her head out and hesitates.) We don't have all day. (Helps her down and then opens an escape pod hatch.) We'll have to make do. Unless you know how to fly one of these things. (She tries to get in, but her long dress hampers her movements so she rips it off at mid-thigh.) [Escape pod] (Trip powers it up and launches successfully. The ride gets rather bumpy.) We're crossing the subspace threshold. (The juddering stops.) That wasn't so bad. To be honest, I hadn't really thought about it. I was only joking. They do have a sense of humour where you come from? It's only a matter of time before they realise we're gone. No doubt they'll come about and look for us. We need a place to hide. If I'm translating this right, there's a system about ninety million kilometres from here. We should be able to reach it in a day or so. Only one way to find out. Permission to set a course, your Sovereignty? Look, this would be a whole lot easier if you'd stop moving around. I'm afraid I don't have much choice. You're welcome to step outside until I'm done. Excuse me. (He reaches across to a panel above her head.) There we go. Landing thrusters, No, wait, they're stabilisers. I'm working on it. Look, I've got less than twenty four hours to figure out how to scan a star system and programme a descent sequence in a language I don't understand, and I'm not going to get it done with you interrupting me every five seconds. So I'd appreciate it if you'd keep quiet until I'm finished. Now, lift your butt. Your behind, your rear end. I haven't checked that panel yet. (He opens a box to see a nice lever with a big red knob on it.) You know, you were a lot more pleasant in stasis. (He leans right across her.) I think I found the landing thrusters. I understand how difficult this must be for someone of your upbringing, but we could be stuck out here for awhile. We should find a way to get along. I'm willing to give it a try if you are. You might check that storage compartment above your head. I'm busy. (After a short sulk, she opens the compartment.) If you find any water up there, I could use some. (Something falls down.) Thanks. (He takes a sip through a tube as she struggles to open a container.) Allow me. (They swap, and she looks at the drinking tube with suspicion.) I'm not contagious. (Tucker opens the container and sniffs at a biscuit.) Depends how hungry you are. (She nibbles genteelly.) It reminds me of my first car. A four-wheeled vehicle. Wasn't much bigger than this. All we're missing is the ocean breeze coming off the Gulf. I used to drive out to a place called Chatkin Point, park along the shoreline and stare at the moon with my girlfriend. Don't worry. I won't make a pass at you. You must be a fun date. You've never been on a date? Sounds kind of lonely. There's a chain of islands near the equator. Oxygen, nitrogen, a trace of methane. Nothing we can't handle. If I could figure out how to use the bio-sensors. It's the only one with an atmosphere. Let's hope I get this right. (the pod tumbles and fires it's little thrusters to slow their descent) We're entering the thermosphere. The port stabiliser's down. No, but the starboard one should keep us on course. (the ride gets rough and the heat shield glows) So far so good. Eight thousand metres. I think they're metres. Seven thousand. I'm pretty sure the braking thrusters are firing. Five thousand metres. You might want to grab hold of something. (She puts her arms around him.) Two thousand metres. One thousand. Hold on. (They hit the ground and we see them upside down.) You all right? Damned if I know. [Planet surface] (It's a lush, water-logged swamp, with animal noises and rising steam. They leave the pod and wade away, carrying their supplies.) It's nothing compared to a summer in the Everglades. At least there aren't any mosquitoes. Over there. Looks like a good place to set up camp. Don't underestimate Captain Archer. (They find a piece of higher, dry land and Kaitaama puts her shoes out to dry.) It's just a scratch. I'll take care of it later. I said later. This one. (She gently dabs the ointment onto a cut on his back.) It sounds like there's plenty of wildlife. I grew up in a place kind of like this. I don't think we're going to starve. And I can use the thruster assembly from the pod to start a fire, boil some water. Thanks. That's the best you could do? Keep looking. (she sits down) What are you waiting for? What's that supposed to mean? In case you haven't noticed, we're not in a palace. You said it yourself. You won't survive without my help, so it seems to me that I'm the one in charge. The king of the swamp. Now get your ass out there and don't come back without an armful of dry wood. You should give me a medal. You'd be dead if it weren't for me. I doubt the commoners back home would complain. (She tries to hit him, he grabs her, they fall and roll down the slope into the water.) You're the one who took a swing at me. I'm just a petty commoner, remember? Raised on a primitive, (She shuts him up by kissing him. They gasp for breath then he returns the kiss. Later, Trip awakes lying with her beside a campfire, gets up and pours some boiled water into a cup. Then he hears a beeping sound. She wakes too.) [Escape pod] (They return to the pod, the source of the sound and Tucker rips off a panel to reveal a blue flashing light.) A homing beacon. Unless I'm way off, someone just locked on to it. (He uses a stone to destroy it,) No way to tell. [Planet surface] (Goss comes sneaking up to the pod, then sees Kaitaama and a figure in a blue uniform through the vegetation. He fires at the uniform, but it's a dummy. Kaitaama runs off, Goss moves in to investigate and Tucker jumps him from above. Sadly, good boxing punches to the face have no effect on Goss, and Tucker gets thrown against a rock and dazed. Goss tries to drown him but Kaitaama thumps him over the head with a branch and knocks him out cold.) Let's find his weapon. It's a long shot, but maybe Enterprise will get the chance to visit Krios Prime before then. Of course, from what you've told me I doubt your family would let me see you. What kind of changes? (She moves in close without actually touching.)
I'll talk to Chef. Maybe he can heat that up for you. (He hands it off to Reed.) [Catwalk command area]
I'm coming out now. Please don't fire. I want to talk. I'm unarmed. (The alien heads off in the direction of the voice, and Tucker sneaks in from the opposite side to get his transceiver and do something to it.) We need to talk. You have something that belongs to me. I want it back. If you understand anything that I'm saying to you, I want you to listen very, very closely. Mary had a little lamb. Its fleece was white as snow. (The alien discovers a PADD and speaker in a tree.) And everywhere that Mary went, the lamb was sure to go. (The alien dashes back to his camp, tripping an alarm on the way so Tucker has time to hide. He leaves the transceiver behind. The alien comes looking for him, Tucker knocks the gun out of his hand. They wrestle briefly until Tucker manages to snatch it up.) Respond. Mayday. Enterprise. Anybody. Please respond. [Ready room] You're just in time, Captain. It's starting to get a little hot down here. Don't send a shuttlepod. [Moon] No way, Captain. I'm not leaving him here. If they take a look at their intake manifolds [Cliff face]
You're going to have to help me with this one.
This is Commander Tucker.
Tucker to the Bridge. The comm.'s down. (A Suliban crawling across the ceiling jumps on him and knocks him out. Reed dashes for a weapon, but there are others, and he only gets one.) All right, let's start reinitialising the power grid. Now if I had a chance to see the past, I'd jump at it. I always wanted to meet a stegosaurus. It was the weirdest thing. When we were standing next to the ship, it felt like we were having the same conversation over and over again. Aye, Captain. [Bridge] I wish we'd had more time to explore that ship. Who knows how many other rooms were down there? Looks like they sent the whole kit and caboodle back to the thirty first century.
Almost there.  [Prison transport]
Tucker to Ensign Mayweather.
So what do we do? I'm willing to risk it. So you're saying we just forget about him? We tried diplomatic channels.
 You'll be glad to hear the thermal scanners are up and running.  So, you coming tonight?  I find it hard to believe that no one on Vulcan's ever heard of a horror movie.
Tucker to Enterprise. Stand by. [Shuttlepod]
 Which one's the cogenitor?
 It's going to be a few minutes. [Bridge]  Go ahead. [Bridge]  One of the power relays. Stand by. [Arctic transport] (They shoot some more aliens.)  They're coming online now. (In a corridor, the four remaining aliens halt, and are beamed away in a swirl effect.) [Bridge]
I've disabled [NX Hangar] No, as far as they know the doors are closed and the lights are out. [NX Hangar]
Anyone hungry in there? I brought you some supper.  Tucker here. 
 I thought you said the Klingons wouldn't go into the Expanse.
She was no more important than any of them.
Shut it down. Shut it down!
We're docking, Travis. Tell Phlox to stand by in Decon. Go to warp four as soon as we're in.
Captain, B'Rat and I have agreed on a price. I'll need to go back to the ship for his payment.
We saw it. Acknowledged. Anything else? Stand by. (They phaser the pod free.) TUCKER [OC]: You're clear, sir. We're fine, sir. See you back on Enterprise. [Launch bay]
Go ahead. Aye, sir.
There's no doubt about it, Captain. This isotope was used in the weapon that attacked Earth.  [Outside Gralik's home] I ran a scan on that rifle we picked up. There it was again, the same quantum imprint. I'd like permission to take it apart.  [Outside Gralik's home] I can't imagine what the Captain wants this for. We ran the quantum analysis three times. Doesn't he trust us? My scans of this thing showed organic components, and I figured anything Is it alive? You got something? You said you had good news, Doc? You're trying to make it sick? If we rig up portable EM emitters we can knock out reptilian weapons before any of them get the chance to pull the trigger. It's still a place to start. Great work, Doc. Keep at it. I'll keep that in mind.  [Gralik's home] That's good, right there. That's four inches of solid duranium. If this thing can blast a hole through it then we're in even worse trouble than we thought. We don't have time to go looking for some deserted asteroid if that's what you mean. I've rigged up four of Malcolm's force field emitters. They'll contain any blast debris. That's the point. Those Xindi took out half of our security force when they came aboard. Now, if we don't start making some progress understanding their weapons, we won't stand a chance in hell of beating them when the time comes. Give us an hour.  [Refinery control room] (Degra is watching the workers when the Reptilian enters.) Ready, Doc? It won't fire. I don't understand. Looks like some kind of countdown. (T'Pol scans the weapon.) I can't shut it down. Damn thing's booby-trapped. It'll just grow back. (He runs out of the room with the weapon.)  [Transporter alcove] (Tucker knocks over a crewmen in the corridor, get to the bay and beams it into space just in time.) You were right. We probably should have found a nice, empty asteroid to test it on.  [Bridge]
Bring it into the Launch bay. [Sickbay]
Go ahead [Command centre]
I've got a primary injector flare. [Engineering]
 Last time Daniels sent you to another century you had one hell of a time getting back.  Problem, sir?
It's identical to the other two. Even the smallest features are exactly the same. I'd like to see the factory that made these. Well, that's the last sensor sweep. Should give T'Pol plenty to chew on for a while. (They fly off through the cloaking barrier.) I think we're getting the hang of this. I can't believe you're going along with this. Aye, Captain. Make yourself at home. [Archer's quarters] I'm telling you, I didn't do anything. Ask your flunky over here. He's been looking over my shoulder the whole time.
We're as ready as we'll ever be.
I'm working on it. [Shuttle]
We're ready to open the hatch. (He and Malcolm remove the front of the pod. Vapour pours out, and a body in a clear tube is ejected.) [Sickbay] (The alien is awake and shaking. He looks as if he has a bad case of icthyosis.) I think it's a transmitter. I just can't pin-point the frequency. That target practice was something. Sure looked a easier than it was. Between all this training and the extra shifts in Engineering, I've been looking forward to this all day. Tucker. (Just as things go bang. Reed finds him unconscious.) Morning.
You need to check this every two hours, minimum.
Captain!
Get him to Sickbay!
Captain. [Illyrian warp assembly]
Goodbye, Elizabeth.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of   CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
It's the strangest thing. I look at you and I see my father. Right here, around the eyes. Now the ears, those are your mothers. Wait a minute, you smiled. Have you spent any time talking to Lorian? The last torpedo took out the primary drive coil. [Bridge]
I'd breathe a whole lot easier if you had a couple of MACOs watching your back. I still can't pin down the problem with the converter. I think it's an energy drain somewhere. We're far from one hundred percent. (Degra enters with the humanoid Xindi.) I guess you heard, the Captain pulled it off. The Xindi postponed the weapon launch. I can give you three point four with a little coaxing, but some of the relays are still fried. We're in no shape for combat. [Corridor]
At a time. I'm going to have to reset the buffer.
It's coming back. Tell them to keep doing what they're doing. (The aliens escape the weapons fire by walking through bulkheads.)
We found it. [Crashed shuttlepod] We gotta find him.
Captain! I don't believe it. How can you be We weren't exactly treated like royalty. We're okay. Wait a minute. You're coming with us. What happened after we beamed up? You make some kind of deal? Are we? We were in some huge building, like a factory. They're constructing something big. The Germans are helping him.  Hold it right there. Shut up. Drop the disguise, Silik, or I'll blow your ugly head off. (Archer turns slightly so Tucker can see the dead Silik.) Captain? You're alive? I can't believe it. Gotcha.
Well, it looks like you're taking enough clothes to last a year. I told the Captain I wanted to stay aboard and supervise the refit, but he suggested I take a break. More like an order, actually. Problem is, I'm not sure where to go. Lizzie's gone, my home town doesn't exist anymore. Guess this is my home now. To Vulcan? Where would I stay? Oh, your mom's house, huh? What does she know about me? About us? So you'd introduce me as? Eleven hundred hours, huh? I'd better start packing. [NX02 - Columbia - Bridge] (She is still being fitted out in Spacedock.) What about that volcano we saw on the way down, Mount Tar'ana? It still active? Volcanoes, ancient ruins, fire plains. I'm not sure where to start. So, this is where you grew up. It's not like I imagined. Well, it's beautiful. Well, I had no doubt about that. You always were a snazzy dresser. I'm Charles Tucker. Pleased to meet you, ma'am. (He manages the v-salute, and she responds.) Come in. What time is it? You're kidding. Well, I'd be happy to take a look at it. If I can recalibrate a warp reactor, I ought to be able to handle a kitchen appliance. That's true for the most part. I just want to thank you for letting me stay here. T'Pol says thank you all the time. (T'Les washes the vegetables she's brought.) T'Pol's lucky. It's nice to have a place to go home to. I knew we had some kind of chemistry the first time we got into an argument. I never had fun arguing with anyone before. I got the impression T'Pol wasn't going to say anything to you. The field generator just needed a little adjustment. As good as new. You know, if we have time when we get back to Earth, I'd like to show you some sights, return the favour. Everything okay? Marry him? I don't get it. Are they forcing you to do this? You told me three years ago you didn't even love this guy. So you're just going to leave Starfleet, move back to Vulcan? Negotiating? That's real generous of them. And how am I supposed to take this? You're sorry. You brought me sixteen light years just to watch you get married to someone you barely know. [Daytime in the mountains] Come in. I'll be there as soon as I can. Know any good tailors? (T'Les does up his collar for him.) Aren't you bothered by the fact that T'Pol doesn't even care for this guy? Informed her of what? I don't think I knew it until we were standing over that lava field and she told me she was going to marry Koss. That's when it hit me. I was going to lose her. I wanted to tell her right there, but I couldn't. I thought you didn't approve. If I say anything, T'Pol might call off the wedding. Or worse, not call it off. She's got enough pressure on her as it is. I don't want to make things any more complicated. [T'Pol's family home -  living room] (Koss is striking the gong to summon everyone.)  You look amazing. Wouldn't miss it for the world.
Tucker here. Yes, sir. [Sickbay] [Pierce is on a biobed, restraint in place, as Phlox tries to remove it.) We're sending the code now.
Tucker to Captain Archer. Artificial wombs. [Klingon ship - Malik's quarters] (Malik and Persis are in bed together.)
Our Klingon warp signature's holding steady. Tucker to Bridge. [Engineering]
That's another game. Twenty one to two. Captain, have you seen the reports on this place? It's a hellhole. It's got electrical sandstorms. Geomagnetic instabilities so bad, technology won't work. So, no communicators, no scanners, no phase-pistols. We can't even beam you into it. You're going to have to walk in. I'm thinking we're not exactly cleared to have this. Right. Captain, what if something goes wrong down there? You say you found an anomaly. Sure. That's how you tell how old someone is from a cell sample. They used the DNA they sampled when she was registered as a baby. Captain Archer's gone after the wrong person. Doc, take a look at this. (They cross to another monitor.) It's the recording Malcolm recovered from the embassy. But look, the guard recognised whoever it was. And that guard is your patient. He could be our only chance to identify who really planted the bomb. I don't care about his body, Doc. We need what's in his mind. [The Forge - night] (The sehlat's cries keep Archer awake.) This man's our only witness. Look, I know Phlox says there aren't a lot of Vulcans who can do this sort of thing, but you've got to know someone who could at least try. What's that got to do with it? What evidence? The DNA on the bomb was planted. Ambassador, I don't know what kind of pull it takes to mess with DNA records on Vulcan, but I think we're looking at a deliberate attempt to hide the truth. Aren't they worth a little risk? Ambassador. What'd you see? [Cave] (The group share a meal.) The guard recognised the person who brought in the bomb we found in the rubble. You're not getting anywhere near him. We accessed his memories through a mind-meld. You can't go back. Then why turn yourself over to him? What if they're all in on it? (silence) If you really want humans and Vulcans to work together someday, you might start thinking about trusting us. SOVAL Peace and long life, Commander. (The airlock closes between them.) Right. [Cave] (Archer awakes to see T'Pol wiping his brow.)
The guard recognised the person who brought in the bomb we found in the rubble.
This is Commander Tucker. Sorry to spoil your surprise, but the Andorians know what you're planning. [Bridge] I've already sent word to Admiral Gardner. If Enterprise is destroyed, Starfleet's going to know who is responsible. (Vlas ends the transmission.)
Well, it's different for you. You grew up with the man. When I was seven, my mom bought me a book about him. Emory Erickson, Father of the Transporter. I made her read it to me every night for a month. That book is the reason I became an engineer. Yeah, only about fifty times. You've got a mean streak in you, you know that? (Archer nods, and Trip beams aboard a tall young woman and a man in a wheelchair.) It's an honour. I'm looking forward to it. Feel like some company? We haven't talked much since Vulcan. How are you holding up? I've been seeing you by yourself a lot. How is it? Interesting? Look, I know what you're going through. Losing a family member, it's the toughest thing there is. Your mother died a week ago. It may change the way you feel about it. You can tell yourself that, You know, when Lizzie died, there were times I wanted to just close up, retreat inside myself, You're fine? Well, if you ever do want to talk, let me know. I'll see you. [Captain's mess] (Five people around the table looks somewhat crowded.) That's over sixteen light years. It's hard to imagine. Beaming someone that far. Which would make all of us copies. Here's to a successful experiment. (This time, Danica does not raise her glass.) Captain's Log, supplemental. We're entering an area known as the Barrens. There's not a star system within a hundred light years. Perfect conditions for Emory's test. [Transporter alcove] (Erickson and Tucker are making modifications to the equipment.) Is it true you're the first person to go through? You must've been scared. Well, you're going to need more juice than I thought. Well, we'll have to draw direct from the warp reactor. May even have to shut down a few systems. Yeah. if I could get a look at your power converter, it might help me out. Well, thanks, but when it comes to modifying our systems, I prefer to do things myself. Can I get a look at it? And I said, no, thanks. Routing power. (the lights dim and go up again on the Bridge) Ready. Sir? Forty thousand kilometres. Nothings ever gone that far. It's going to take a few hours to gather all the telemetry. Let's celebrate in Mess Hall. My treat. Well, then let me bring something back for you. Help pass the time between data streams. It's been a long day. You must be starving. You sure you don't want a second pair of eyes? You know where to find me. [Archer's quarters] Something's wrong. Most of the work Emory had me do, tapping into the warp reactor for extra power, re-routing the plasma flow. It wasn't necessary for the test. Remember when the lights dimmed? Well, he channeled that energy into a feedback loop. It wasn't going into the beam. Well, from what I can tell, his sub-quantum version should use less energy than a regular transporter. That's one of the reasons it's so brilliant. Either he was keeping me busy, making sure I was looking the other way, or this sub-quantum thing is a smoke screen for something else. Something he hasn't told us about. I wouldn't have picked up on any of it if you hadn't asked me to take a closer look. Not true? Who is it? I can't believe I'm hearing this. We've already lost one man. If they'd been alerted twenty four hours ago, Burrows might be alive. Why are you doing this? What about Emory's responsibility? He lied to get us out here. We're still getting a spike in the array. I could swap out the emitter coils with something from Engineering. Might even out a bit. I'll get on it. You need my approval? You liked me better when I worshipped your shadow? I'd think you'd be out of practice. I have lost someone close, and I'd do almost anything to get her back. Except put other people in danger. I'll be in Engineering. [Archer's quarters] Thanks. No, I think we're pretty much there. (she turns to go) I'm trying to decide what to show for movie night. Yeah, I thought I'd fire up the old tradition. You in the mood for a horror film or a musical? You can't spend every second of your life studying that, whatever it's called. You got to take a break eventually. I don't get you, T'Pol. I thought you joined Starfleet so you could interact a little more with humans. But it seems to me that ever since we left spacedock, you spend all your free time cooped up in your room reading that bible of yours. What's that supposed to mean? It knocked out an EPS junction. Repair's going to take a couple of hours. No. I can't believe you're still going through with this. That thing barely missed a stack of torpedoes. If it had jumped two feet to the left we wouldn't be here to talk about it. We should concentrate on repairing the ship so we can get out of here. How the hell do you know? You're putting your personal feelings before the safety of this ship. Insubordination? Yes, sir. [Erickson's quarters] Way ahead of you. Got a lock on something. Pattern's good That's all we got. I don't have a strong enough signal. That won't help get us a lock. The transporter can't do that. There's not enough time. Sure. Something tells me you're not here to talk about movie night. I know. Well, maybe you can fill me in. What do you want me to say? I do. It's not like I didn't know this was coming. (as she turns away) At least my warp engines still need me. Captain's log, supplemental. We've rendezvoused with the Sarajevo, which will be returning Emory and Danica to Earth. [Transporter alcove] (T'Pol and Phlox are also present.) I'll check it out.
Travis, if that's you again.
Tucker to the Bridge. But there's no power over here. I'm going to need T'Pol's help to bring it online.
Any chance of using the transporter?
And the people running it are back on their homeworld, safe and sound. Doesn't seem fair. And use it to hijack their ship? I just need a second. Phlox? You were talking to him about me? Right. Well, I don't have the option of taking a break. The Captain needs this done fast. (T'Pol is working on modifying a biobed.) You might be the best there is at crunching numbers, but when it comes to actually sticking things together, you're a little out of your league. These work better when you strip off the duranite caps. Don't ask me why, they just do. You know, when I was on that ship with Malcolm I was convinced I was going to die. You ever been there? I'm not talking close scrapes. I mean when you're in a bad situation, and you know this is it, there's no way out, and you have time to think about it. What went through your mind? Just curious. {Corridor/Transporter alcove] (Enterprise has arrived at a blue planet with a ring system and at least two fair-sized moons.) How dangerous? There's got to be some way we can make it safer. I want to be the first one to try it out. Well, at least we'll find out if it causes brain damage. You're the ranking officer. Too risky. We could at least wait until the Captain gets back. Coffee, strong. [Corridor] (Walking back with his mug.) Hey. (He keeps walking.) I just don't want Enterprise to lose a good officer. My work's as good as it's ever been. As far as my feelings go, they're purely professional. [Aenar city] Whenever you're ready. Indicator's moving. Doc? I'll be damned. It's working. (T'Pol tenses and whimpers.) She okay? That's enough. Shut it down! (He takes the helmet off her.) It worked. She wants to try again. You think it's smart? She's going to hurt herself. I can't believe I'm getting this from you now. Has everyone on this ship gone crazy? Oh, I'm crazy? You're the last one that should be giving me a lecture. Vulcan neuro-pressure was your idea. What the hell am I going to do? She's good to go. (Jhamel is seated on the modified biobed.) A lot of movement. Fifty percent spike. ARCHER; Are you feeling all right? She's maxed it out. We could simulate a course correction. (The biobed sways from side to side, then she gasps.) There's no getting around it. I missed a ten degree variance in the telepresence emitter. But he can't be sure. Either way, I should have caught it. My mind wasn't on the job. Captain, I want a transfer. Columbia. They need experienced people. I think I can do some good over there. They need me more. I told you. I've said everything I want to. Captain, as a friend, I'm asking you let me do this. I can't. Thank you.
Yeah? (T'Pol enters.) TUCKER: She's a thing of beauty. A good engineer can see the differences. You coming to the mess hall later? My going away party? You think I'm doing this to advance my career? Well, for one thing, this is a new challenge. It took me a year to fine-tune Enterprise. I figure I can do the same for Captain Hernandez in half the time. She needs a Chief Engineer who's been out there, has the experience. Look, Starfleet's approved the transfer. This may come as a shock, but not everything in my life revolves around you. [San Francisco - Street] (Hoshi and Phlox are leaving a Chinese restaurant.) The dilithium matrix has got to be aligned within point three microns. Who do you think wrote those specs? Exactly. Some guy who's probably never been outside the solar system. I've spent the last three and a half years crawling inside one of these engines. I know what I'm talking about. Biggs, Pierce. (to a man and a petite woman) I want you to recalibrate the field stabilisers. Rivers and Strong, start with the injector assembly. This bucket of bolts was supposed to leave dry dock six months ago. I guarantee you, Columbia's going to warp out of orbit before the end of the week. Let's get to work. (Erika catches the end of that speech.) I'm sorry, ma'am. I wanted to see what the situation was like before we spoke. Commander Charles Tucker, reporting for duty. That's right. I think there's a good chance. Any news on Doctor Phlox? We'll be pulling triple shifts if we want to meet this new launch date. I'll be there. Ma'am? Aye, Captain. [Ready room] I don't know who's in charge of your Mess Hall, but he could give the chef on Enterprise a run for his money. Who? I've knocked a few heads together, but we're getting the job done. We'll be ready for warp trials by Thursday. Well, you've got a good memory, Captain. I was getting a little too comfortable on Enterprise. Got a lot of friends over there, but sometimes it's easier to work with people who are just colleagues. [T'Pol's meditation] (It is a white space, where T'Pol is sitting cross-legged when Tucker wanders over. She stands up.) I was about to ask you the same thing. Is this a daydream? Well, I would've thought you'd pick a more interesting place. Like the beach, or one of those Fire Plains you showed me. Exactly where am I supposed to go? This is my daydream. You go away. [Colombia Engineering] Yeah, I'm fine. Thanks. [T'Pol's quarters] (She opens her eyes, clearly not happy with her meditation.) Just a few more seconds. (turns off the comm.) I hope. Ensign? Nice work. Engineering to Bridge. We're ready whenever you are, Captain. [Colombia Bridge]
That's why we need to move inside Columbia's warp field. [Launch bay] Those subroutines [Launch bay] Captain, just to check things over.
Did you run a phase diagnostic? Better work up a bypass. Kelby. Kelby. (Tucker catches up with him.) TUCKER: We have a problem? Look, the Captain asked me to stick around. As soon as the repairs are done, I'm back on Columbia. That's right. I was his Chief Engineer for four years. He thinks he's going to lose his promotion. With Kelby? I could use a second pair of eyes on the field matrix. The pattern's bothering me, and I can't figure out why. Thanks. Daydreams? You're wondering if I've been having any daydreams about you? Well, let me think. No, nothing comes to mind. Have you been having daydreams about me? You going to tell me what this is about? It's a good bet the problem's right there. Take it apart. (The crewman leaves, and then he hears giggling from below.) Lieutenant. Talk to you a second? (Kelby somehow tears himself You're supposed to be recalibrating the EPS taps, not giving a tour. Not to mention the fact that she doesn't have clearance. You should've checked with me first. Just ask her to leave. That was an order. What the hell's the matter with you? Kelby, you're walking a fine line. You're confined to quarters. It's either your quarters or the Brig. Get out of here, now. [Navaar's quarters] (Navaar is lying on the bed, playing with her hair, when the doorbell chimes.) Kelby! What the hell are you doing? (He drags the engineer from the panel but Kelby knocks him down before continuing. Tucker gets up, they exchange punches and Kelby is knocked out.) Blow the dampeners! Move! (Enterprise comes to a grinding halt as the warp engines go out.) [Corridor] He blew out every junction in the EPS system. If we hadn't got to him, we might not have a ship under our feet. I'm not sure we can get underway. He did a pretty thorough job. [Sickbay] (Kelby is strapped to a biobed.) What's wrong with him? The Orions? You okay? Why me? Great. You can run through these diagnostics. See if you can find anything that isn't fried. You really think they're coming after us? You know, I keep thinking back to our first mission, when we met the Suliban. I was so damn naive. I actually thought it was the last time we'd have to fight someone. Knock if off! That's an order! Start up again, and you'll end up in the Brig, understand? Now go help Masarro with the injectors. Now! (to the other crewman) Get back to work. That's the third one in the last hour. The thing I can't figure out is why I'm immune. You? We didn't mate. Okay, what do you mean by psychic bond? Those daydreams. When I said before that I wasn't having any daydreams about you, it wasn't actually true. So if we're bonded, what does this have to do with me not being affected by the Orions? And you're making me immune? I don't know whether to be relieved or really worried. [Bridge] (Archer is pacing like a caged cat when the proximity sensor sounds.) Trip. I'll see what I can do. [Bridge] Try to divert some of the power from the grav plating. (As T'Pol does so, he shouts the warning to the rest of his crew) We're going to be a little lighter on our feet. What the hell, I've been meaning to lose a few pounds. You seeing what I'm seeing? Get up to the bridge. I'll be right behind you. [Bridge] (T'Pol goes straight to her station and starts working.) I've almost got it. You'll have to reroute the main EPS conduit. [Bridge] We're ready. (T'Pol sends the blue pulse up the towing line. Enterprise is freed and there is a satisfying explosion inside Harrad's ship.) Oh, save it. Captain Archer runs this ship. You're sweet-talking the wrong guy. Let's go. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. The Orion women have been returned to Harrad-Sar, who's headed home at very low impulse. [Sickbay] The entire crew's been bumping into walls. It's like someone spiked the water supply. I appreciate that. At least, trying to make one. There it is again. I guess we proved it again. That you and I make a hell of a team. Even more now that we're in each other's heads. I imagine Captain Hernandez is getting pretty antsy to have her Chief Engineer back. I think Kelby can handle them. He'd been observing my work pretty carefully, when he wasn't trying to blow up the ship. Why don't you just say it? That you want me to come back. No. That you want me back. My mistake. See you around. Then I'll think about it. Three days ago, I told Captain Hernandez I wanted a transfer back to Enterprise. I realised this is where I was meant to be, and that this thing between us isn't that big of a deal. Guess we got a lot of work to do. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
I'm going to have to channel everything except auxiliary power.
You've got thrusters. This power grid's a mess! It's going to take a few minutes. The power couplings have been removed. I don't know if I can bypass them. Stand by. I could use some help over here. (T'Pol runs over) When I tell you, shunt the plasma to the forward emitters. Just a few more seconds! (There's a jolt.) Stand by! Now. You better believe it. They're armed. (A salvo destroys the station.) Engineering's been stripped to the bulkheads. But the good news is, most of what they took was still sitting in my hangar deck. But I need time to figure out how to put it all back together. Two or three days. Sir, I'm not even sure what some of these systems are supposed to do. It's like I'm Chief Engineer on a steamship coming aboard the first interplanetary transport. (in Engineering red) What's the problem? Why are you bothering me with this? They're probably on the hangar deck. You'd better find them, because if this junction's not on line in ten minutes, I'm going to tell Archer you're the reason we don't have warp drive. (entering) There's no sign of the regulators. Without them, we can't initialise the reaction chamber. We're stuck at impulse. It's a power drain. Primary EPS relays. No. It's probably just a micro-fracture in the conduit. Do you really want to interrupt the Captain for that? I'll handle it. (to crewman) Take over. What the hell have you done? (They wrestle.) [Bridge]
Nobody knows that better than him. He could've at least mentioned Enterprise. Who does he think got the Andorians and Tellarites talking? Not if he's writing it. Any idea who the hair belonged to? We got to talk about this. Phlox said DNA doesn't lie. Then how do you explain all this? Yeah. Phlox must be wrong, that's all there is to it. If you've never been pregnant, then you can't have a baby. But you said you'd never been Then what are you saying? How do you know that? Got a minute? This baby, can you tell if it's a boy or a girl? A girl. Is it okay? I mean, it's part human and part Vulcan. That's good to hear. I still can't believe it. She could have gotten pregnant and not told me about it. Yeah, I guess I do. That's good advice. You know, my father always wanted a granddaughter. He bugged my sister about it constantly. Yeah. [Paxton's office] (He's watching a recording on a screen. The speaker is talking to an audience and being applauded.) I want to be a part of that visit. This is the second time we've been through here. We've seen all this before. Maybe you downloaded an outdated map. Maybe you're reading it wrong. Give me that. (He takes the PADD off her.) TUCKER: I think I know what the problem is. We're lost. Let's try that direction. It's the only tunnel I don't recognise. (They have left a busy work area behind.) I think we're getting there. What do you mean? I never said that. You been talking to Phlox. Look, it's because you're Vulcan, isn't it, that you know all this. I am sick and tired of this bond we've got. T'POL: I don't particularly enjoy it, either. Listen, for the last time and for the record, I do believe you. And if you get anymore feelings. What? (He follows her gaze to a door labeled Quadrant 3.) There it is. Come on, let's go. [Travis' quarters] (It's dark, because there are clothes scattered everywhere, and the couple are in bed. She's still wearing her push-up bra, though.) I guess you found me out. Turner. Change of scenery. Know what you mean. Sometimes I wonder where it's all going to end. Someone's got to make a stand. I'll try and make it. One of the locals isn't very fond of Vulcans. You were saying? You're not buying it. I think we each know what we're doing tonight. [Level 7, Junction 4] Are you all right? What did you do to her? Who the hell are you? Not for long. You're behind this. I want to see her. Where are we going? You're going to warp? We'll be lucky if we don't fly apart.
Then how do you explain all this? She's not an it. They'd need cells from both of us. Someone on Enterprise helped you? Who? I'm listening. You really think I'm going to help you turn that array into a weapon? You know, I never used to like Vulcans all that much myself. They always seemed so smug. Making us jump through hoops for every little advance in warp technology, and they knew the answers all along. So what was it with you? The ears? The fact that they're vegetarian? Well, you can't deny that. We didn't make contact with the Vulcans until ten years after the war. Is that the kind of paranoid crap Paxton's been feeding you? You ever actually met a Vulcan? If you got to know some, actually took the time to talk with one Okay. (He lands a great right uppercut on Josiah's jaw, then takes advantage of the man's turned back to do something in a panel before he gets kicked down.) Where're T'Pol and the baby? I am finished. I don't know what you're talking about. I told you I'd make modifications to your ship-- not your weapon. I don't care what you need. You told Starfleet when you're planning to fire the array. And you don't think they're going to blast this facility off the face of the planet? A Mark Three interlock. [Shuttlepod] (The pod swoops low over the Carl Sagan Memorial Station and the remains of Pathfinder.) Took you long enough. Crew quarters, but Paxton's getting ready to fire the array. Main controls are in there. (Josiah shoots Tucker, they shoot Josiah. Alarms sound. The gunfight begins in earnest.) Plasma grid, control panel. Looks like Paxton's aim was off. Maybe a little. [T'Pol's room] I guess we shouldn't keep calling her she. My sister would've liked that. Is there anything you can do? (trying not to cry) The delegates at the conference, they've asked about the service for, for Elizabeth. They want to attend. There's something else. I spoke with Phlox. It turns out there was a flaw in the technique that Paxton's doctors used in the cloning process. Human DNA and Vulcan DNA, Phlox says there's no medical reason why they can't combine. So if a Vulcan and a human ever decided to have a child, it'd probably be okay. And that's sort of comforting. (T'Pol takes his hand) Transcribers personal note - with a slight rearrangement of the final scenes, it is my opinion that Enterprise should have ended with Archer's speech. The next episode is totally missable, unwarranted, and frankly even worse than Spock's Brain. And that's saying something when you're a life-long Trek fan as I am. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
