(Vulcan) Shields at sixty percent. Shields at fifty percent. Considering the circumstances, I question that proposal at this time. Phasers offline. Acknowledged. Firing photons. (Two torpedoes explode against the Cardassian ship.) One. Co-ordinates one seven one, mark four three. Plasma storm density increasing by fourteen percent. Twenty. Twenty five. The Cardassian ship is not reducing power. They're following us in. They've taken a hit on their port blade. They're sending out a distress signal on all Cardassian frequencies. The storm's activity is typically widespread in this vicinity. I can plot a course, but I'm afraid it will require an indirect route. Curious. We've just passed through some kind of coherent tetryon beam. Unknown. Now there appears to be a massive displacement wave moving toward us. It's not a plasma phenomenon. At current speeds, it will intercept us in less than thirty seconds. Still exceeding our speed. Wave is continuing to accelerate. It will intercept us in eight seconds. Five. (Everything goes white.)  [Federation Penal Settlement, New Zealand] (Inmates are busy constructing something. They all wear ankle-tags. One young man is up a piece of scaffolding using a laser-like device.) I must inform you that I was assigned to infiltrate your crew, sir. I am Captain Janeway's Chief of Security. My mission was to accumulate information on Maquis activities, and then deliver you into their waiting hands. That is correct. Based on my initial reconnaissance, Captain, I am convinced we are dealing with a single entity in the array. I would suggest he scanned our computers in order to select a comfortable holographic environment. In effect, a waiting room to pacify us prior to biometric assessment. It is the most logical explanation. Why else would he have released us unharmed? There are no humanoid lifeforms indicated, Captain. Kim and Torres are not within tricorder range. They may not be on the array. Captain, I've observed something peculiar about the pulses. They're getting faster. The interval between each pulse has decreased by point four seven seconds since we arrived. I can offer no explanation. That would mean the planet is incapable of producing rain. Captain, you require sleep. I did not have the opportunity to meet Mister Kim. The crew will not benefit from the leadership of an exhausted captain. I am gratified that you came after me so I can offer it once again. Are they well? That would not be an accurate perception, Captain. Vulcans do not worry. As I do them. The Federation is made up of many cultures. I am Vulcan. I assure you that everything in this room has a specific function. However, it would take several hours to explain it all. I suggest we proceed to your quarters. Perhaps you would care for a bath. Sir. I'd never have guessed. I am pleased you are enjoying yourself, but we are in orbit of the fifth planet. We need your assistance. Do you believe our people might be at this location? Yes. No, it most certainly will not.  [Kazon settlement] (Parched red clay, cracked under the red sky. Janeway, Paris, Chakotay, Tuvok and Neelix beam down. People run to a building nearby.) If you had told us what you had planned, we might have anticipated your irrational behaviour. Captain, our sensors did not pick up any indication of an underground civilisation. The subterranean barrier Jabin described may be responsible. It might also block our transporter. Captain, the pulses from the array continue to accelerate. The intervals between them have decreased another point eight seconds. He would seal them if he no longer intended to use them, to protect the Ocampa from their enemies. Captain, there is now enough evidence to form a reasonable hypothesis. I believe that the Caretaker is dying. First, he increases the energy supply to provide the city with a surplus to last at least five years. Then he seals the conduits. The logical conclusion is that he does not intend to continue his role as Caretaker. Doubtful. Not after a millennium of providing for these people. I believe that the Caretaker owes something to the Ocampa. I believe the debt that can never repaid is very likely a debt to them. In addition, there were his frequent references to running out of time. I think he knew his death was imminent. Powering up phase banks and photon systems. The lead Kazon ship is hailing us, Captain. They're powering up their weapons. Shields are holding. The data processing system is behind this wall, Captain. (A plaintive banjo starts up.) The Caretaker? Shall I activate the programme to get us back? Captain, any action we take to protect the Ocampa would affect the balance of power in this system. The Prime Directive would seem to apply. Aye, Captain. The tricobalt devices are ready. They are withdrawing, Captain. [Ready room] (A picture of Janeway, Mark and Molly on her desk monitor. Doorbell.)
If you will explain what happened, Lieutenant. I would like her moved to the brig until formal charges can be filed. The Captain has the authority to try Miss Torres here on the ship, considering the extenuating circumstances. She struck a fellow officer. That is a court martial offence. Miss Torres is no longer a member of the Maquis, and with all due respect, Commander, neither are you. Allowing Miss Torres to get away with a clear violation of regulations sets a bad example for the rest of the crew. It makes it appear as though you were showing favouritism toward the Maquis. I will yield my authority in this case to you. However, I will make a full report in my security log. (Chakotay steps into the turbolift.) That would be inconvenient, but acceptable. It is an Emergency Medical Hologram and its abilities are limited. It can only operate within the confines of Sickbay. The distortions are emanating from a highly localized disturbance in the space-time continuum. Distance, twenty thousand kilometres off the port bow. Captain, I am receiving an audio transmission from within the singularity. No response to our hail, Captain. Engaging tractor beam. It's working. Beam is penetrating the event horizon. Tractor beam disengaged. It is another type four quantum singularity. Physical and temporal dimensions are identical to the one we encountered earlier. That would imply there was something wrong with the warp drive and the navigational logs. What about the navigational array? There was an altercation, but it has been resolved. I will never cease to be amazed by the human capacity for hyperbole. The situation may be characterised as tense, but one could hardly say that they're about to become violent. Are you all right? I'd better get you to Sickbay. Ship-wide diagnostics have revealed nothing out of the ordinary. I've been hailing the ship on all frequencies. No response. Deflectors off-line. The spatial distortions are increasing. The shuttle is returning, Commander. It appears as though they've been damaged. Their comm. system's down. I am unable to raise them. Shields are down. Hull integrity failing. We've cleared the event horizon, Captain. We've returned to normal space.
We're at the leading edge of a shockwave. (Kes wakes from her sleep and sits upright. The shaking stops.) It consists of differentially charged polaric ions, Captain. No satellite system in orbit, no evidence of space craft. Radiation is within acceptable levels. Atmosphere, breathable. It recalls the Chaltok Four incident. A Romulan research colony was nearly destroyed during the testing of one these devices. It lead to the Polaric Test Ban Treaty of 2268. Hear what, Lieutenant? The chain reaction has shattered subspace, Captain. Why haven't they been able to return as Mister Paris did the first time? If I know Captain Janeway, she would activate a subspace beacon to assist us. How do you suggest we do that? The logical place to begin would be at the same location they disappeared. (Fizz! The green beam stops.) The scanners are not showing any subspace fractures in the area now. I'm still not showing any lifesigns. [Room] It only means their comm. badges were caught in the explosion. Further speculation serves no purpose. I suggest we search for other tangible evidence. [Room] (The tricorders are on the table.) Please elaborate. How can you feel their presence? Affirmative. May I ask what you expect to accomplish by doing that? Unlikely. It would be a highly questionable decision in light of the Prime Directive. The issue is whether Captain Janeway would go there, not you, Commander. Affirmative. They remain quite numerous in this area. It is highly unlikely that Captain Janeway would come here to I feel it is my duty to point out there is absolutely no logical reason to believe Kes is correct. However, since I have no alternative course of action to recommend at this time, I suggest we proceed. Negative, Captain. Sensors do show humanoid life. There is no satellite system and no indications of space craft in the vicinity. It appears to be a pre-warp civilisation.
There are no natural geological phenomena that could be creating this heat source. There was a highly sophisticated forcefield in place. This room is the source of the dilithium signature we detected earlier. The power systems here are running on an unusual dilithium matrix. It would appear not. I would say you are correct, Captain. This appears to be a biological repository. Negative. There is however a Kazon liver, and although I cannot identify the other organs on display here I would say they bear a striking similarity to pulmonary organs, epidermal tissue, ocular nerve fibre They have erected a forcefield with a rotating phase modulation. We will not be able to disrupt it. From what we can tell, it uses a neural resonator to stun the victim, while a quantum imaging begins a microcellular analysis of the entire body. Negative. Captain, may I suggest you consider carefully what you are about to do. I could describe to you in detail the psychological observations I have made about you over the past four years which lead me to conclude you are about to take this ship inside the asteroid. But suffice it to say, I know you quite well. We are still following the ion trail, but electro-magnetic interference is limiting our sensor range. I am only able to scan five hundred metres ahead of us. Sensors detect a large chamber ahead. (The chamber seems to be full of ships.) No, Captain. The walls are emanating severe electro-magnetic interference. I cannot scan them directly. The walls of this chamber reflect directed energy. The phaser beam would ricochet along an unpredictable path, possibly impacting our ship in the process. The phaser would continue to reflect off the bulkheads until it encountered a non-reflective material. Adjusting phaser azimuth to fifteen degrees. They are powering engines. Security, meet me in transporter room three. Proceed, carefully. (Dereth scans Tuvok, then Kes, Janeway, a security guard, then the EMH.)
There are unusually high levels of omicron particles within this nebula, Captain. Precisely. A significant concentration appears to exist approximately sixty four million kilometres inside the perimeter. Aye, Captain. Tuvok to Kim. Mister Kim, that is a comment we'd prefer not to hear from a senior officer on the Bridge. It makes the junior officers nervous. The level of resistance poses no danger to the hull at this time, Captain. Twelve thousand four hundred kilometres. Just over seven thousand kilometres. I am unable to offer identification, Captain. (Kim uses his comm. badge.) They appear to be made up of a non-reactive material that our sensors do not recognise, Captain. Uncertain. There is no indication of directed fire. Sensors show a build-up of magnesite dust along the outer rim of the barrier. Firing phasers. The barrier is undamaged, Captain. Torpedo is loaded. Coordinates set. Fifty thousand kilometres to the perimeter. Thirty five kilometres to perimeter. Fifteen thousand kilometres. We've cleared the central mass. I'm afraid the concentration of particles is far lower than I originally observed. Furthermore, it appears that many of the particles have now moved outside the energy barrier. That would be a logical conclusion. Shields are up. Adaptive harmonics are operational. EM hull pressure is approaching dangerous levels, Captain. Hull pressure is decreasing also. Fourteen thousand kilometres to the breach. Shields at eighty seven percent. The polarity of each charge is rotating so quickly, the shields can not compensate. Engineering] Fourteen injuries reported, Captain. None serious. May I ask when you became morale officer? Shields at seventy five percent and holding. Captain, the shields are only designed to withstand Regenerative matter approaching. Range, thirty kilometres, fore and aft. Regenerative matter at twenty kilometres. Fifteen. Ten.
There is, of course, a seventy five percent chance the wormhole will not lead to the Alpha Quadrant. However, it might be large enough to act as a conduit for a message. I recommend we launch a microprobe into the wormhole. Aye, Captain. (Whoosh.) The probe's telemetry has changed. We cannot preclude the possibility that there is a microscopic entity within the wormhole curious about an intruder. I fear Mister Kim's exuberance may turn into an equally intense disappointment if his efforts prove in vain. Negative Captain. There is nothing that would suggest a response. Captain. I'm getting something, Captain. That signal is being transmitted at exactly the same frequency and amplitude as our signal. It's a response. Someone received our transmission and sent one back, and their signal originated in the Alpha Quadrant. Captain's log, supplemental. Encouraged by his success in transmitting a signal to the Alpha Quadrant, Mister Kim is investigating the possibility of establishing a voice link with whoever is at the other end of the wormhole. [Ready room] Perhaps I can offer an explanation. The comm. link signature of his transmission indicates the message originated from a Romulan ship. Further, there are no known shipping lanes in the sector he identified. Given the precise calibration of his signal I would suggest that he is in fact on board a science vessel. Precisely. When we claimed to be transmitting from the Delta quadrant, an impossibility so far as he knows, he may have feared we were Federation spies. It is a standard Starfleet mechanism with a varietal molecular matrix. It simulates most organic and non-organic compounds. It is not classified technology. Then what would you suggest? Captain, I must insist that I stay with him at all times while he is on board. [Transporter Room] I suggest we delay that for the moment, Captain. I'm afraid I've found the reason for the unusual phase variance. Captain, what year is it? If you please. Exactly. Our Romulan visitor is a person out of time. He is showing clear evidence of temporal displacement. I would surmise that the wormhole is a rift not just in space but in time. The unusual phase variance we detected was actually an indication of a temporal shift. We have transported him from twenty years in the past to our present. [Briefing Room] These are our messages. Captain, I did not want to mention this until after our guest had left. I checked the computers databanks for a Romulan scientist named Telek R'Mor. I'm sorry to report Doctor R'Mor died in 2367. That is correct. Before he would have sent our messages. It is possible. Unfortunately, there is no way to know.
Sensors indicate damage to various subsystems. That is confirmed, Captain. Did you talk to Lieutenant Paris after he was detained? They're responding. Aye, Captain. How is this achieved? May we speak to him alone? Lieutenant, did you murder Professor Ren? Were you having improper relations with his wife? That does not answer my question. Apparently, he's entering another cycle. (Paris seems himself stab Tolen, and collapses. Janeway fetches Kray and the doctor.) Away team to Voyager. Three to beam up. [Sickbay] I would appreciate receiving a copy of your neurological analysis, Doctor. Nevertheless, I will want to examine it in detail. Perhaps. However, before the neural implants were developed, the Banean punishment for murder was lethal injection. It is possible they would view that as the only alternative sentence in this case. When he wakes up, I will require an autonomic response analysis while I question him again, Doctor. As an investigator, I do not have the freedom to ignore any possibility. Mister Paris maintains his innocence, yet the victim has identified him from the grave, and the victim's wife has testified against him at the trial. Someone is obviously lying. An ARA will tell us if it is Mister Paris. In the meantime, Captain, I request permission to return to the surface. I would like to examine the murder scene and speak with Mrs Ren. [The Ren's home] (Lidell opens the front door, carrying Neeka, who growls.) Mrs Ren? I'm Lieutenant Tuvok of the Starship Voyager. Would you mind if I asked you a few questions? I am the Starfleet Chief of Security investigating his alleged participation in your husband's murder. Based on your testimony, I assume this is where the murder occurred. You chose to remain in the house after an act of such violence occurred? I am a Vulcan, Mrs Ren. By nature, we are a dispassionate people. It is rare to encounter someone as dispassionate as we are. Thank you, no. Please. You testified at the trial that you and your husband had an argument the afternoon before he was killed. No. My wife and I have been married for sixty seven years. May I ask why you decided at this time to end your marriage to Professor Ren? That other man was Lieutenant Paris. Lieutenant Paris would have been departing this planet in a few days, and yet you left your husband of ten years for him. Exactly when did you see Mister Paris on the day of the murder? How did you know? Did you leave the room at any time during the fight between your husband and Lieutenant Paris? This is Lieutenant Tuvok. Thank you. I'll be returning shortly. Tuvok out. Thank you for your help, Mrs Ren. The last thing you remember is? Was there any evidence of a sedative in his system when he returned here? On my way, Commander. [Bridge] (Two ships are attacking Voyager. Chakotay is at the helm.) Acknowledged. Numiri ships are closing. Four thousand kilometres. Two thousand kilometres. One thousand five hundred kilometres. Both Numiri vessels are disabled, Captain. Based on the ARA, I am convinced Lieutenant Paris believes what he is saying. However, I can offer no tangible evidence on his behalf. Considering the urgency of the situation, I believe the only logical alternative at this time is to witness the crime myself. I propose a mind meld with Lieutenant Paris. I've examined your neurological reports, Doctor, and I believe the risk is acceptable. Captain, the answers I seek can only be found in the eyes of the murdered man. It may be our only chance to prove Lieutenant Paris innocent. Captain, I must consult with Ensign Kim immediately. I assume he has access to Professor Ren's research. I believe it will explain not only why Lieutenant Paris has been accused of a murder he did not commit, but also why the Numiri chose to attack us. [Ready room] Range, one hundred thousand kilometres and closing. They're changing course, Captain. If I am incorrect, we will know it shortly. [Shuttlecraft] With your permission, I would like to invite all interested parties to meet at the scene of the murder in two hours. It is true, Paris's image was seen in the memories examined during the trial. However, that is because someone altered the engrams from Professor Ren's brain. I would suggest, sir, that there is no such thing as a technology that is entirely safe from tampering. On the contrary. I have not forgotten your statement, Mrs Ren. However, I now know it is clearly false. Mister Paris, would you please stand next to Mrs Ren? If you wouldn't mind. The man Professor Ren observed with his wife was virtually equal in height to her. Clearly, Lieutenant Paris is several centimetres taller. Vulcans have the ability to meld telepathically with another's mind. I observed your husband's memories as Lieutenant Paris went through a cycle. I watched as the killer stabbed Professor Ren right here, through the intercostal space between the eighth and ninth right ribs, the exact location of the Banean heart. The killer clearly knew Banean anatomy. Lieutenant Paris did not. There is additional evidence. For example, we can now say for certain that Professor Ren was murdered by a Numiri agent. Lieutenant, did you notice the stream of symbols and numbers that were superimposed on the images? In researching this procedure, I found no other reference to this phenomenon. I have now confirmed that these symbols and numbers were equations taken from Professor Ren's weapons research. Someone intended them to be delivered to the Numiri. He was a logical courier. The Numiri agents knew he could leave the planet's surface without raising suspicion. The Numiri made two attempts to gain access to Mister Paris. They attacked just after he returned to Voyager, and then again when he was in the shuttle. You knew when Mister Paris would be in transit, Minister. The doctor is the one who encouraged you to release him to our custody. He is also the one who performed the implant procedure. I know of no one else who had the opportunity and knowledge to carry out this plan. Would you please stand again, Mrs Ren? You forget the other witness who was here on the night of the murder, Doctor. Would you mind asking her to come in? (The doctor opens the door indicated by Tuvok, and Neeka enters, jumping on her hind legs around him.) It appears that you are no stranger to Neeka, doctor. Mister Paris. It seemed a necessary step to ensure a truthful resolution. I conducted a criminal investigation. If you had been guilty, I assure you I would have pursued the truth just as vigilantly. You have no debt to me, Mister Paris. I prefer to read rather than engage in, what do humans call it? Short talk? Perhaps.
No life signs, Captain. I'm broadening the scan. Nothing. He is nowhere in the entire asteroid field. It's no use, Captain. The vacuole is still forming. (Whumph! A body appears on the catwalk.) Take the body to the ship's morgue. The body of an alien female has been left behind.
That kind of bonding should improve performance and maximise efficiency. The vessel is altering it's course to intercept us. Respite? Indeed. Since they've already said no, this kind of thinking is only going to make you feel worse. Captain, it occurs to me that we know little about the Sikarians. We cannot assume that their first refusal is unalterable. It may be that no is simply a prelude to negotiation. He may simply want us to believe that so we would deal with him. You would seem to have two options. Continue to negotiate with a man who may have a hidden agenda, or deal with a man who is willing to defy his own laws. At least if you deal with Jaret, it is his law that is being compromised, not ours. I believe the first thing you must do is determine whether Gath is willing to use the trajector to help us. If that possibility exists at all, you must explore it. I assume that means Gath will not be assisting us. Are you considering Jaret's offer? I altered the security sub-routines. Any attempt to over-ride the lock out would have alerted me to your presence here. Is this Voyager's library which you intended to trade for the trajector technology? When I attempted to download it, I noticed it had already been accessed. I will make the exchange with Jaret Otel. Return to your stations. Do what you can to prepare the ship for the matrix. Energise. [Bridge] Do not attempt to activate the device until I've spoken to Captain Janeway. (Tuvok leaves. Seska takes the device from Torres.) Lieutenant Torres is not precisely correct, Captain. She was not the senior officer involved, I was. It was I who made the exchange. The Federation Library for the trajector matrix. It is quite simple, Captain. You have made it clear on many occasions that your highest goal for the crew is to get them home. But in this instance, your standards would not allow you to violate Sikarian law. Someone had to spare you the ethical dilemma. I was the logical choice, and so I chose to act. I accept the consequences of my actions. I expect to loose my commission and to be court-martialled when we return to Federation space. You have my word. My logic was not in error, but I was.
Running scan. He's correct. I am picking up an ionization trail. There is another ship in orbit. It's not a cloaking device as we know it, Captain. I cannot say for certain what it is, but the ship does employ some kind of masking circuitry that has affected our sensors. The hull design does conform to known specifications of the Kazon-Nistrim sect. The ship's dimensions are identical to the vessel we encountered at the planet. It is a Kazon-Nistrim ship, Captain. It is likely that the ship's automatic containment systems were activated when the radiation entered the bridge. We should be safe as long as we stay on this side of the force field. It appears the explosion emanated from this console. The structural pattern does not conform to the rest of the bridge. There are only three alternatives I can discern at this time. One, it is not Federation technology at all but something similar. [Turbolift] Two, another Federation starship may have been brought to the Delta Quadrant prior to our arrival, and they interacted with the Kazon-Nistrim. Three, someone from this ship has covertly given technology to the Kazon. Nevertheless, it is the most probable explanation. It may not be a coincidence that the Kazon ship we encountered at the planet was able to deceive our sensors. Perhaps someone transmitted instructions to them before we arrived. You did discover Ensign Seska in proximity to them. Nevertheless, I urge you to regard her with caution for the time being. The signal was masked by a test of the dorsal emitters that we conducted a week ago. We're trying to trace the station where the signal originated. Again, the perpetrator was skilled enough to make the tracking process extremely difficult for us. Perhaps someone else picked up the distress call. Captain, it is conceivable that she's gone to the Kazon ship to destroy evidence that might implicate her. Lieutenant, have you had any contact with the Kazon-Nistrim since we arrived in the Delta Quadrant? Nevertheless, a signal was sent to the Kazon from your station in Engineering during our dorsal emitter test last week. Were you not in Engineering at that time? Starfleet Security has documented several incidents in which Cardassian have used cosmetic alterations for the purpose of infiltrating an enemy. The Doctor has informed us that there's no other plausible explanation for the medical anomalies, Commander. Their weapon systems are standing down. They do not appear to be posing a threat to us at this time. Did you set our plan in motion? I gave Lieutenant Carey the same information. Gin. It is simply a matter of logical discards, which give a false impression of my own requirements and deny the needed cards to your hand. I believe that's ninety four points to me. Someone is accessing the inventory data base. Negative. It might alert them. Intriguing. It appears as though they're trying to place evidence at the scene of the crime to indicate the guilty party. Captain, even with our superior defence capabilities, we cannot prevail against three Kazon warships. As a Vulcan, I am at all times honest, Commander. I was honest to my own convictions within the defined parameters of my mission. On the contrary. The demands on a Vulcan's character are extraordinarily difficult. Do not mistake composure for ease. How may I be honest with you today? Like all humans, you depend on feelings and instincts to guide you, and they invariably let you down. But particularly naive? No, Commander, and I've always considered your attention span to be adequate. No. She quite expertly pulled the wool over my eyes as well. Curious. That my failure, added to your own, should improve your feelings.
Mister Kim was running a holonovel based on the poem Beowulf. According to the holo characters, he attempted to battle a creature of some kind and was killed in the process. Since the [Holodeck - Great Hall] That raises an uncomfortable possibility, Captain. [Holodeck - Great Hall]
The attack lasted no more than a few seconds, but it was highly effective. I feel Commander Chakotay and I are fortunate to be alive. We had completed our trade mission with the Ilidarians and were on course to the rendezvous point when we encountered a dark matter nebula. As we began a routine analysis, an unidentified ship emerged and attacked our shuttle. No. They would not respond to our hails. We were hit by an energy discharge which penetrated our shields and filled the cabin. Commander Chakotay lost consciousness immediately, and I was barely able to activate the autopilot before I was overcome as well. The last image I saw was the ship flying back into the nebula, but the details are difficult to remember. No. There was no time for a detailed analysis. However, the shuttle's sensors may have recorded information that could be helpful. I will download the sensor logs. Aye, Captain. I agree. Is there a problem? This command station has been blocked. The lockout originated on deck twelve, section B seven, navigational control. Helm control re-established. We are merely following a line of deductive reasoning, Lieutenant. Both deviations from our course were apparently issued from locations where you were working. Your report, Doctor? On the contrary, Lieutenant. I ran a forensic sweep of the navigational control. I found traces of your DNA on the console. The cellular residue you left behind is less than twelve hours old. Do you still wish to maintain your innocence? Keep me informed, Doctor. [Bridge] (Durst enters.) I believe I have found the ion trail of the ship that attacked us. It leads directly into the dark matter nebula. This is the nebula, and this is the ion trail. As you can see, their flight path is highly erratic. A reasonable assumption. I recommend we follow their exact flight path. Intruder alert. All security personnel, go to Condition Four. Captain, it is possible the intruder returned with us in the shuttlecraft. Captain, Kes's telepathic abilities are undisciplined. If I could initiate a Vulcan mind-meld with her, I may be able to help her focus those abilities to detect the alien more accurately. Perhaps this type of energy is beyond our sensor bandwidth. Stay where you are, Mister Kim. I am reconfiguring the sensor relays on the ship. This will only take a minute. I am sorry, Doctor. Captain's orders. How is she? Odd. There was no physical struggle that I can recall. Lieutenant Torres and I will be ready to initiate the magneton scan in approximately two hours. You should be aware that it will be a high-intensity burst. It will cause dizziness and disorientation in all crew members, including myself, for several seconds. Aye, Captain. There is another matter of some concern. It appears that Kes's injuries were not caused by an energy discharge. The doctor has found evidence that she was physically assaulted. That is correct. Me? It is possible. Perhaps we should have the doctor run a neurological scan to see if I show a memory disruption. It appears the lockout originated somewhere above deck four. The Doctor does hold the command codes to Voyager. If we assume the alien could not take over the holographic doctor, then logically it would try to force the command codes back into a humanoid host. A sensible precaution. But presumably not both of us at the same time. Captain? (Janeway hits Tuvok, knocking him down. He draws a phaser but she kicks it out of his hand.) Stun her! She's the alien! (Paris obeys. Then Kim pulls his phaser and Paris disarms him. Next to try and shoot Tuvok is Durst, but he misses. Paris hits him then Tuvok stuns all the bridge crew with a wide burst.) [Sickbay] (Paris gives Janeway a hypo.) I believe so. Mister Kim, lay in that course. Shields are at maximum, Captain. All preparations for entering the nebula are complete. I have no memory of injuring Kes. Perhaps I was occupied by the alien at that time. I am the Chief of Security. It may see me as a particular threat. Captain, I believe you are having a typically human response to circumstances which are frightening and inexplicable, commonly known as paranoia. I'm using a multiphasic scan. If you examine the alpha K band, you will see it. (draws phaser) Belay that order. That is exactly what the alien has been trying to do, keep us from entering the nebula. I suspect the captain has been occupied. I am relieving her of command. Ensign, proceed into the nebula, one half impulse. Now, Ensign. I must inform you this phaser is on wide beam dispersal and set to kill. I am taking command of this Bridge. I must ask you all to stand together where I can see you. Step away from the console, Ensign. (Tuvok takes over the operations console. The crew report to Janeway in hushed tones.) We are the Komar. This is our domain. (Down in Engineering, the thing flies around. Torres suddenly stiffens then goes to a control panel and does something. The ship jolts.) No. No! We must continue. Very perceptive, Captain. The collective neural energy of your crew will sustain my people for years to come. No apology is necessary.
As I have told you, Mister Neelix, this is an unnecessary indulgence. I am quite content to eat whatever the rest of the crew is eating. Very well then, thank you. It is rather (cough) piquant. I must point out that if you take the liberty of changing a time-honoured recipe you are hardly presenting a taste of home. Please, enjoy it. (Tuvok leaves. Neelix drinks the soup directly from the bowl.) Then as we suspected, the dense magnesite formations in the planet's crust are blocking our sensors. And what is to prevent us from losing you as well, Commander? Commander, Ensign. Over here. I detect traces of at least five humanoid lifeforms. Evidently they did not enter this cavern alone. [Laboratory] According to our last geological scan this cave should continue straight ahead for another eight kilometres. True, Commander, but I do not believe there has been any tectonic activity. I believe this wall is merely an illusion, a disguised force field. Captain, the energy configuration of the force field matrix is virtually identical to those used by the Vidiians. [Bridge] However, it is possible that the same technology that disguises their forcefields, cloaks their ships. Apparently it has been adapted to repulse phaser fire. That was our first thought. But we realised such an attempt would have to be at close range and would carry the risk of alerting the Vidiians to our presence. Of course, timing the transport to the precise moment of an opening would be critical. Precisely. But you should be aware that because we are incapable of scanning beyond the forcefield we will have no way of communicating with whoever transports inside it. Nor will we be able to verify that the transport has been successfully completed. I have done my best to replicate Vidiian attire. I trust it will prove sufficiently convincing. Captain. There's an opening forming in the forcefield. Targeting scanners to match coordinates. Scanners locked.
The shot may be difficult, Mister Neelix, but to say that it is impossible is an exaggeration. Logic would dictate that if I strike the cue ball properly, it will deflect first off the rear bumper, then the side, striking the eleven ball and causing it to roll directly into the corner pocket. Perhaps the ship's stabilisers are not operating at peak efficiency. May we show you to your quarters? [Corridor] May I ask, Doctor, why you've taken it upon yourself to examine Mister Neelix? Computer, locate Doctor Jetrel. Captain, Doctor Jetrel is proposing the reconstruction and re-animation of a remarkable complex set of biosystems from billions of subatomic particles. Aye, Captain. Emergency containment field activated. Re-targeting scanners to wide beam. Aye, Captain. (A vaguely humanoid shape begins to appear.) Affirmative. Atomic cohesion has dropped to forty nine percent, Captain. They are already at one hundred percent. Pattern buffers to one hundred and twenty percent of rated maximum. Atomic cohesion to thirty nine percent. Twenty two percent. Fourteen percent. His pattern is degrading rapidly. The degree of fragmentation is simply too great. It will not work. We are overloading the system. (The figure dissipates.)
Crewman Gerron. What is the problem up there? Keep going!
We were able to shut down the holodeck simulation that your programme was generating. Commander Chakotay transferred you back to Sickbay. You seem to have suffered no damage. No. In fact, except for the computer problems, it has been an uneventful day. Yes, Commander. His programme is functioning normally. Acknowledged.
Captain, you are needed on the bridge.
Negative. The signal is at maximum gain.
 Captain, we're picking up a locator signal from the shuttle. Their last velocity vector indicates a steep descent. We've lost contact. They do not respond, Captain. Their vessel has taken up a position directly beneath us. They would seem to have adopted a defensive posture, Captain. I have anticipated your request, Captain. Am I correct in the assumption that you will want to use minimal force? I cannot guarantee success. My evaluation of their weapon systems suggest a capacity equal to our own. However I have. In my analysis of our first encounter, I have detected what I believe to be a vulnerability in their shield configuration. There appears to be a slight phase retraction when auxiliary power is transferred to their aft weapons systems. That was my ingenious plan, Commander. You are correct. So far I'm not detecting the same vulnerability in their shields this time, Captain. We may have to resort to additional force. Stand by, Captain. I'm detecting an opening. (The aliens fire again. Voyager replies with one shot.) Direct hit to their aft control systems. Their weapons are disabled. Captain, the alien vessel is in pursuit. Negative. They are still disabled. Alien vessel closing to one thousand kilometres. Five hundred. Three hundred. It has passed us and is proceeding toward the surface.
Tuvok to Janeway. Captain, I would like a half an hour of your time to review the security protocols before we encounter the Botha.
Commander, there's something over here I think you should see. There have been other visitors to this moon recently. What is your basis for that conclusion, Commander? Might the transporter beam itself be causing an electrostatic charge in the atmosphere?  Once again, the storm seems to have formed as a direct result of our interaction with the atmosphere. The meteorological conditions changed radically when we began our entry sequence. We are not making any progress locating the source of that unusual power reading, Commander. It appears to be a rare variety of Cypripedium, of the Asiatic genus Paphiopedilum. In fact, I am, or more accurately I was, a breeder of prize Vulcan orchids. Commander. (He has found an elegant curved structure that looks like it is made of wood, and some hi-tech pieces of equipment nearby.) [Sickbay] (The EMH's nose is bunged up and he is starting to lose his voice.) Commander? May I remind the Commander that Starfleet protocol demands that away teams remain armed and ready to defend themselves until contact is made. As we have not yet established the inhabitants' intentions, it would not be a logical course of action. Would you at least permit me to advise the Captain to move the ship into a stronger tactical position? For the record, I must take exception to these orders. I have no explanation, Commander. There is no storm activity indicated. We will never make it. Away team to Voyager. Emergency beam out. (Chakotay's comm. badge, which had fallen off his uniform, is also beamed away.) [Bridge] Just before the storm, he was using it to speak with you, Captain. I believe we have seen enough to discern a pattern, Captain. The logical conclusion is that someone is controlling the elements of nature to ward us off. The transporter anomaly is evidence of this conclusion. We are allowed to leave the planet, but not to approach. It is conceivable that the aliens have been able to intensify their response now that they are familiar with our capabilities. It appears the inhabitants of this planet have decided to make contact, Captain. The cloaking device has been turned off and we are showing an alien population. I have located the shuttle. It may be possible to locate Commander Chakotay without landing. Commander? Four to beam up, Voyager.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Open yourself to the impressions around you. The thoughts, the minds that are on this ship. What do you hear? I believe you are sensing the thoughts of various crewmembers on board. See if you can isolate one of the voices. Imagine you are listening to a symphony and focusing on a single instrument. Try to maintain your emotional equanimity. You should not be concerned with success or failure. That is not unexpected. You have an emotional attachment to him which may have drawn your focus. If you are to succeed in honing your telepathic abilities, you must learn to control these emotional outbursts. Tomorrow I will teach you a Vulcan mind control technique that will help you inhibit your giggles. You may go. [Sickbay] I concur. However, dead or alive, these are the remains of an alien entity we never fully understood. It may be prudent to place it in a level three biohazard containment field. And if we can find her she might have the ability to send us home. [Engineering] Captain, the Caretaker was a being of considerable power, and although his intent was not hostile, we were essentially at his mercy. I do not care to repeat that experience. Precisely. I have studied the Doctor's biochemical analysis of the Caretaker remains and I believe it is possible to create a sporocystian toxin, something which might debilitate the life form. No response. I am reading an energy surge from the station, possible weapons. Incoming message from the array. And we did not kill the Caretaker. He died of natural causes. A non-emotional response would be more useful. Do not underestimate your own potential, Kes. Your mental abilities are rapidly maturing. The energy in this cylinder is formulated to break down that enzyme. It would result in temporary paralysis. It is my hope we only have to use it as a precautionary measure. That is a large step for someone whose mental abilities are still undisciplined. Nevertheless, I am intrigued. Please. (Kes puts a cup of water on the table in front of her.) Fascinating. However, I would advise caution in exploring this ability until you have mastered the What happened? That will not be necessary, Doctor. My Vulcan healing techniques do not require an extended period of convalescence. Of course. You are probably feeling the emotion known as remorse, possibly guilt. I advise you to look on this incident as a learning experience. That is correct. But you did not. Try to remember that. I will see you tomorrow at fifteen hundred hours, assuming you wish to continue your training. If this experience proves anything, it is that you need further instruction, and I would regret not continuing as your instructor. Security, meet me in main Engineering. Tuvok to Bridge. I believe the female Caretaker is here.  [Bridge] Captain. Negative. The rupture has been sealed. She is gone, Captain. Captain's log, supplemental. We've resumed our course back to the Alpha quadrant but the female Caretaker is still out there with the power to send us home, and I will use all my power to find her and convince her to do just that. [Tuvok's quarters] Nevertheless, your psychokinetic abilities are still a part of you. They might resurface one day. To which part are you referring? Without the darkness, how would we recognise the light? Do not fear your negative thoughts. They are part of you. They are a part of every living being, even Vulcans. The Vulcan heart was forged out of barbarism and violence. We learned to control it, but it is still part of us. To pretend it does not exist is to create an opportunity for it to escape. Let us begin. Open yourself to the impressions around you. The thoughts, the minds that are on this ship. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Not at the moment. As soon as the Kazon dematerialised [Transporter room] Bridge to Ready room. I think you and Commander Chakotay should come in here.
Captain. (The local police, in black leather and motorcycle helmets enter. They try to get away but the police grab them. Tuvok stuns one, Janeway and Torres fight others.) I advise caution. I regret I have no such reassurance to offer you. That is possible. It is also possible that she is safely returned to Voyager. We have insufficient evidence to dismiss either conclusion. I deny that we are intending to supply them with weapons. I have none to give you. Lieutenant, stop! That will not help either of us. Vulcans are capable of suppressing certain levels of physical pain. Beyond that we must simply endure the experience. Under the circumstances, physical resistance is ineffective. We are fighting back by refusing to give them any information.
Tuvok to Captain Janeway. I am picking up an unidentified alien ship on long range sensors. It's heading for our co-ordinates. Acknowledged. [Bridge]
Captain, based on our readings, it appears we've been transported back in time to the birth of the universe. I am curious. Have the Q always had an absence of manners, or is it the result of some natural evolutionary process that comes with omnipotence? That is one relevant example. So it seems. Intriguing. Just what vulnerabilities do the Q have? Why are you telling me this? Me? I have no legal expertise. It is true that Vulcans who reach a certain infirmity with age, do practice ritual suicides. Nevertheless, I fail to see how that fact would be meaningful in this circumstance. Tell me Q, can you offer any other evidence of mental instability on the part of my client? In fact, until this issue arose, he was known in the Continuum as one of your great philosophers. Is that not true? So, your entire basis for judging him mentally unbalanced is his wish to commit suicide. I submit that is a faulty premise. In many cultures, suicide is acceptable, and in and of itself cannot be used as evidence of mental illness. Is it not true that on occasion the Continuum has executed Qs for certain crimes? Didn't their deaths create an interruption to the Continuum? Do you? I understand. And you find nothing contradictory in a society that outlaws suicide but practices capital punishment? Just one other thing. Isn't it true that you yourself were once accused of being mentally unstable by the Continuum? Were you not you disciplined for inappropriate behaviour? I will take that as a yes. Thank you. That is all. I am as curious as you are, Captain. Has it not been established that my client has in captivity during all of Commander Riker's lifetime? May I remind this hearing, and my learned colleague, that for three centuries, my client has not been allowed contact with anyone. At this time, we would like to reproduce the environment in which he has been confined. These are the conditions my client would be forced to live in for eternity if you deny asylum, Captain. I would submit that the quality of life that my client will have to endure should be considered in this proceeding. I believe it relates to the relief of suffering, does it not, Captain. May I request a recess to consider our response, Captain? I would say we have not yet convinced Captain Janeway of the validity of our argument. I am representing your position to the best of my ability. It is most definitely not my own. I see no persuasive evidence that a life like yours should be wasted simply because you are disgruntled. Frankly, I see no logic to your position. Then perhaps what we should do next is take this hearing to see life in the Continuum itself. Captain's log, supplemental. I'm determined to find a better alternative to suicide or endless prison, so I've summoned the advocate Q to make him a proposal. [Ready room]  We are prepared to illustrate the nature of Q's suffering, Captain. But in order to do so, we must show this hearing what life is like in the Continuum. By going to the Continuum itself. My client has the right to ask for an inspection of the living conditions that lead to his suffering, Captain. Then what is the purpose of the road? I'm afraid I cannot hear any.  We rest our case, Captain. Doctor, do you generally keep samples of fatal poisons in storage? The replicators will not produce them either. You assisted his suicide?
Captain, shields are down as are all weapons arrays. Captain, my readings indicate the navigational deflector has sustained massive damage. It will be necessary to repair it before we can achieve more than thruster power. Come in. Captain, this is unexpected. Indeed, but so rarely that I can remember each instance. Vulcan spice tea, hot. And it was always at a time when you were particularly troubled. I am sure that made you uncomfortable. Quite right. You are perceptive, Captain. I believe Commander Chakotay's suggestion does have merit. When I was a young man, a great visionary named Spock recommended an alliance between the Federation and the Klingon empire. This produced a major dispute. The Klingons, after all, were outlaws, employing violence and brutality in order to build their empire. I myself spoke out against such a coalition. But the alliance was forged and it brought a stability to the quadrant that had not been there for two hundred years. Spock's suggestion, so controversial at first, proved to be the cornerstone of peace. I understand your concern, but remember, it would only be a temporary arrangement since we are on our way out of this quadrant. In the meantime, it might bring stability to the region and security for us. Perhaps. But even temporary stability can bring an appreciation for peace. This flower is a rare hybrid. As far as I know it exists nowhere else in the galaxy. I created it by grafting a cutting from a South American orchid onto a Vulcan favinit plant. I doubted the graft would take, and indeed the plant was sickly at first. However, after a few weeks both plants adapted to their new condition and in fact became stronger than either had been alone. [Briefing room] Is he authorised to speak for his Maje? What we will not provide is any of our technology or weaponry. Perhaps you should define that. Long range sensors indicate no sign of Mister Neelix's shuttle within a radius of two light years. We cannot jump to conclusions. He may simply have been delayed. Confirmed, Captain. It appears to be an armada, and the weapons are powered. Still, I do not see that it is a particularly good idea to form an alliance with the blood enemies of the Kazon. We risk uniting all the factions against us. What was he doing when the Kazon Pommar arrested him? If that is true, then one of them will undoubtedly try to leave before the meeting is finished. I would suggest we depart before the Kazon have a chance to return to their ships. I will schedule additional battle drills for all hands.
This is a Level three Security Alert. All hands report to duty stations. [Corridor] Tuvok to Bridge. We found the Captain's phaser on deck six, but there's no sign of her. (The shuttlecraft launches and goes to warp.)
The holiday of Kal Rekk is not for two weeks. There is no Kal Rekk season. Kal Rekk is a day of atonement, solitude and silence. Why would you need to do research on Vulcan holidays? Morale is irrelevant to a Vulcan. Then you will not rest. The Rumarie is an ancient pagan festival. That has not been observed for a millennium. Acknowledged. It appeared that Mister Darwin entered the conduit to repair a faulty circuit when the accident occurred. Perhaps he fell and hit his head in the conduit. I don't recall observing anything unusual about Mister Suder's behaviour while I was on your ship. I find it curious that none of this was included in your initial crew evaluation, Commander. Considering the fact that your Maquis crew included malcontents, outlaws and mercenaries, I believe it would have been appropriate. Sit down. You were alone in Engineering when Crewman Darwin reported for duty last night. Did you speak to him? And what was that? I have accused no one at this time. Did you kill Crewman Darwin? I will be speaking to everyone in Engineering, perhaps everyone on this ship, not just former members of the Maquis. I assure you, I have no feelings about the Maquis. As hard as it may be for you to understand, that did not require any feelings on my part. The Doctor places the time of death at twenty two fourteen. Do you remember what you were doing then? Would you be surprised to know that your console was logged off at twenty two oh nine? Do you have a criminal record, Mister Suder? Why would you have any reason to lie? Do you have a criminal record? How would you describe your relationship with Crewman Darwin? No disagreements? No fights? No reason to kill him? You are dismissed, Crewman. I may have more questions for you later. (Suder leaves.) Go ahead, Doctor. Yes. They were retrieved from inside the head wound by nanites that I designed to recognise unusual DNA patterns. This DNA was isolated because it didn't belong to the victim. Have you matched it to a member of the crew? (The EMH hands over a PADD.) Are you certain? I must advise you that under Starfleet Directive one zero one you do not have to answer any questions. Crewman, I suggest you speak to counsel. Why did you kill him, Mister Suder? That is not a satisfactory answer. You must have had some motive. No. And no established motive. Crime must have a logical purpose. Doctor, is it possible that Mister Suder is psychotic? Why didn't you report this immediately after your examination, Doctor? In fact I do. Nevertheless, my job is not finished until I determine a motive. One may not recognise the motivation, but there is always motivation. Do you believe that a look by Mister Darwin could provoke such a violent reaction? I do not accept that explanation. [Brig] You didn't like the way he looked at you. Just how did he look at you? So this murder could in fact be explained as an outburst of rage against Starfleet. I want the truth. Yes? In my case, you have a motive. My previous mission as a spy, my role as your accuser. But to my knowledge, Crewman Darwin had done nothing to you. Then why chose him as a victim? Do you feel remorse? I'll have to discuss that with the Captain. It is important that I understand why you killed Mister Darwin. You can. And indirectly I may be able to help you as well. Do you know what a mind meld is? We would be telepathically linked, exchanging our thoughts. In essence, becoming one mind. It is not without risk, but as a Vulcan I have internal processes that allow me to control violent instincts. I believe I will be able to suppress whatever feelings I draw from you. It is likely that you will gain, at least for a time, some of my self discipline to better control your violent nature. Release the forcefield. (Ayala draws his phaser then releases the cell forcefield. Tuvok enters.) My mind to your mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. [Holodeck - Sandrine's] It is difficult for me to accept, Captain, but Mister Suder was telling the truth as he knew it. He is a man with an incredibly violent nature living in an environment without any outlet to express it. I am surprised he was able to maintain his self control for as long as he did. If we were home, he'd be sent to prison. Nor would it be appropriate to leave him in the custody of someone in this quadrant. Captain, he is prepared to die for his crime. I only mention it because of the extenuating circumstances, and because he feels it would be an appropriate punishment. Pardon me, Captain, but allowing him the comfort of his own quarters doesn't seem an appropriate punishment for murder. Crewman Darwin's three sisters might not agree. Quite calm and controlled. Clearly the meld initiated some high cortical activity in his brain. I will admit that I am more disconcerted than I anticipated. Thank you, but I am already taking steps to purge these residual feelings. I don't believe time off will be necessary. I will of course advise you of any further complications. I really want you to leave. Please, go away. What must I do to convince you to stop. Computer, end holodeck programme. [Holodeck - Sandrine's] How are you feeling? Don't be misled. Your violent instincts still exist. You are simply suppressing them as Vulcans do. Understand that this will not be a permanent change unless you commit to a strict daily regime of meditation and mental exercise. I also believe that a series of holodeck programmes designed to allow your violent tendencies to be released in a safe environment may help to purge your aggressive impulses. Has anyone ever suggested targeted neurosynaptic therapy? Our Doctor is programmed with the medical knowledge of every Federation world. Perhaps he'll know of some treatment you haven't tried. Difficult? I have studied violence for over a hundred years. Attractive? On the contrary. I find it disturbing. Again? That would not be advisable. I don't understand why you Delete security clearance Tuvok one four nine four lambda. Please inform the Captain that I am no longer fit for duty. I would advise you not to enter, Captain. Please, do not come any closer. I said, don't come any closer. It would be safer for the crew if I were to remain in these quarters. I remind you, I am trained in the martial arts of many Alpha quadrant cultures. Sitting here, attempting to meditate, I have counted the number of ways I know of killing someone using just a finger, a hand, a foot. I had reached ninety four when you entered. Again, for safety reasons, I recommend you sedate me before you initiate transport. [Sickbay] (Tuvok is lying on the biobed in the surgical bay, sedated and with cortical blinkies on his temples.) Something has changed. I feel. (laughs) Of course I know where I am, Captain. I'm just not sure I know who I am. Oh, it must be working, because I feel very strong. Very powerful. Quite euphoric. This must be how my ancestors felt. Doctor, would you consider allowing me to remain this way for a while? It would be a valuable opportunity for me to study primal Vulcan behaviour. You are not invulnerable, hologram. A few well chosen commands to the computer and you will cease to exist. (Tuvok throws a wheelchair at the forcefield.) You look shocked, Captain. You must be asking yourself, what if this doesn't work? What do we do then? I have an idea. I'll just stay in my quarters for the rest of the trip. I'll just relax and read, eat the ship's food, use the ship's energy, all in the comforts of my own room. Why, even Mister Suder and I could get together for a few hands of Cardassian pinochle once or twice a week. That is how we treat violent offenders on this ship, isn't it? I could be. Just like Suder. You know, Captain, I don't mind telling you something the other Tuvok never would. You are wrong. Sparing Suder's life is a sign of weakness. You disgust me. All you humans do. Admit it! Part of you feels as I do. Part of you wants him to die for what he did. Liar! He has killed and you know he deserves to die! On behalf of the victim's family, Captain, I beg you to reconsider. Give them the satisfaction of his execution. I have a radical suggestion, Captain. Release the forcefield and I'll kill him for you. Release the forcefield. (to Kes) My student, my protégée. there is so much for each of us to learn today, isn't there. Listen to what I tell you. Release the forcefield. Release the forcefield! (Tuvok tries to push his hand through the forcefield.) There were some complications from the meld. I've been undergoing neurosynaptic therapy in Sickbay. No. To execute you for your crime. I will take no comfort in this. It needs to be done. To serve justice. I seek no return! My mind to your mind. My thoughts to your thoughts. My mind to your mind, my thoughts to your thoughts. (They sink to their knees, and finally Tuvok releases him before collapsing. Suder rolls him over and uses his comm. badge.) Captain, I must apologise for my inappropriate behaviour. I was most insulting to you. I hope you understand that I have always had the greatest respect for you as a Captain, and consider you a friend.
The high residual energy signature indicates repeated weapons fire. Enough to destroy a small moon. Perhaps the missile's navigational system is malfunctioning. It's been operating for over a year, far longer than it was designed to function. No discernable damage, Captain. Ready Captain. The missile's thoron shock emitter has fired. (Boom.) We have penetrated its shields. Direct hit to the core. The missile was not significantly damaged. It has maintained its course for Rakosa. [Ready room] The Rakosan attack is commencing, Captain. Firing phasers. [Dreadnought] We are drawing minimal fire from the missile. It's primary weapons systems are focused on the Rakosan vessel. Shields at forty percent. Or more to the point, it would take a warp core breach. It is logical to have a second in command in case you are injured and unable to complete the mission, Captain. I request permission to remain. Aye, Captain. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Yes, Captain? Right away. (Tuvok enters.) On our way. [Kazon shuttle] The doors are sealed. We're working on it, Captain.
Commander, I am picking up a distress call on one of the upper subspace bands. A small spacecraft. No weapon systems. One life form aboard. Extremely weak life signs. Preliminary scans show no other Vidiian ships in this sector. It is unlikely that this is a trap. Yes, Captain.
Indeed. During the birth of our third child, my wife was in labour for ninety six hours. I have learned that pregnancy and patience go hand in hand. Captain, long-range sensors are picking up heavy subspace communications ahead. They're Vidiian. At least twenty ships within sensor range. I am also detecting a G type star system with two inhabited planets. Life signs, Vidiian. It appeared to be a proton burst. Captain, these bursts are weakening the structural integrity of the hull. We cannot take any more. Hull breach on deck fifteen, section twenty nine alpha. Emergency force fields are offline.  I've analysed the bursts on all spectral frequencies. There's still no indication of where they're coming from.  Main computer core is failing. Switching to back up processors. (Bang!) Damage reports are coming in. The hull breach on deck fifteen has widened to include deck fourteen, section twelve. And there are six hundred thirty two micro-fractures along the hull's infrastructure. All primary systems are offline. We are running on emergency power only. The antimatter supply has dropped to eighteen percent and is continuing to fall. Warp coils in both nacelles have fused and are inoperative. The environmental control systems are failing. Fifteen crew members have been seriously wounded with plasma burns, twenty seven experienced other injuries. The Doctor is setting up triage facilities in Sickbay and Holodeck two. I must also regretfully report that Ensign Wildman's baby did not survive. Aye, Captain. The fire suppression system is out. Could this possibly be some kind of subterfuge, Captain? An alien deception?  Captain, they have fired an energy weapon. [Voyager 2 - Bridge] Tuvok to Janeway. Ensign Kim has made it through the rift, with the infant. [Engineering]  Repair efforts are underway. Lieutenant Torres estimates we'll be able to return to the Bridge within three days. I am curious, Captain. Before the Vidiians attacked, when you were in disagreement with the other Captain about One could say that you were both the doubter and the doubted. I do not envy the paradox of logic you were faced with in that situation.
Tuvok to Voyager. Voyager, do you read? Yes, Captain, but Ensign Bennet is dead. Yes. I have been avoiding them. I have a young girl with me who claims they have come to kill her. I was reluctant to believe it at first, but several other children have disappeared. They have disappeared. Something on this moon is responsible. We must leave here. I'm attempting to repair (Transmission lost.)
Indications are that any attempt at an evacuation would have been prevented by the atmospheric disturbances. Approximately four hundred thousand. No weapons of any kind, Captain. It is safe to transport the hibernation pods to Voyager, if that is your intent. Perhaps it has malfunctioned. They know the system. Why don't we ask them how to proceed? We already have a means of communication. The two unoccupied pods. Someone is terminating the recall command from inside the system. [Fantasy land] (It is Kim.) Fear is the most primitive, the most primordial of biological responses. Captain, the longer we allow this to continue, the more likely it is that he will take his frustrations out on the hostages. Then perhaps he had another reason for saying it.
Acknowledged.
I'm here, Captain. Tuvok to Janeway. We're about to move out of communications range. How are you faring? Your comm. link has been put through to the entire ship. Thank you, Captain, Commander. I am sure I speak for the entire crew when I say we will always remember your grace and courage. And I would like to add, it has been an honour serving with you. Live long and prosper. Kathryn Janeway's personal log, Stardate 49690.1. Day twenty four of our stay on the planet we've named New Earth. As yet I've been unable to make any progress in finding a cure for our illness, but a soak in the tub Chakotay built always helps me focus on possible solutions. [Outside the shelter] (Evening.) Listen carefully. [Sickbay] (We have wounded.) Do you read me? Repeat. To Captain Janeway, do you read me? This is Tuvok calling Captain Janeway and Commander Chakotay. Please respond. Captain, it's good to hear your voice. We have news. We have medicine which we believe will effectively treat your condition. We plan to be in orbit within thirty hours. [Outside the shelter] (The tomatoes are suddenly nearly full grown. Janeway and Chakotay are back in uniform and not looking too happy. All the equipment is packed up.)
You have confirmed the genetic structure? That is an honour you should reserve for yourself, Mister Suder. You gave this species life. The meld may have introduced you to my interest in floriculture, but you have embraced it entirely on your own, and discovered a unique talent within yourself in the process. Very well. I accept. What contribution do you feel you could make from your quarters? Your attitude is admirable. I will discuss it with the Captain. We'll see. Now, shall we begin? Notice your mind working, how it plans for the future, visits the past. Notice those thoughts and set them aside. Turn your attention to the white light that is your breath. [Bridge] I recommend a full diagnostic of our tactical array prior to the start of the mission, Captain. But can they? If the Kazon scan the holograms, they will immediately realise there are no life signs on board, no power signatures. Aye, Captain. [Sickbay] Computer, display tactical overview of our current course. A small raider, Captain. It does not pose a significant threat. Nevertheless, it is powering up its weapon systems. The raider is breaking off its attack. Captain. The Captain's time is limited, Mister Suder. I have explained your proposal to her. Mister Suder.  Firing phasers. Acknowledged. They're withdrawing, Captain. Acknowledged. [Suder's quarters] Eight large carrier vessels, confirmed Kazon signatures. Curious. They have left us with an obvious avenue of escape, Captain. Four of the Kazon ships are breaking formation. They are randomly detonating torpedoes in our flight path. Kazon vessel ten thousand kilometres off our starboard bow. Six thousand kilometres. Five thousand, three, two thousand. Two more Kazon ships approaching. Torpedoes loaded. Damage control teams to deck eight.  All three Kazon ships are concentrating their fire on us now, Captain. Aye, Captain. We've lost power to forward phasers. We're being boarded through the shuttle bays, Captain. Phaser fights reported on decks five, six, seven. Beta team, this way. I have already begun to design some rudimentary devices, Captain. I've completed a few weapons that might be appropriate, Commander. This is mine. I taught archery science for several years at the Vulcan Institute of Defensive Arts. From a tactical point of view, the options are not encouraging. However, moving past the creature might lead us to an exit.  Chakotay, your spear. (The two men prod at a fracture in the tunnel roof, and create a fall just as the serpent reaches them.)  After what transpired, I believe we have to prepare ourselves for an alien attack, Captain. Our priority should be to increase the weapons arsenal and to begin training everyone in the use of these weapons. Nevertheless You may find nobility in the savage, Commander, but he is only interested in killing you. I offer you a Vulcan prayer, Mister Suder. May your death bring you the peace you never found in life. (Chakotay is by Seska's body on another biobed. He draws the sheet over her face.) [Bridge]
It is standard procedure to carry arms on an away mission, particularly when you don't know what to expect. Doctor, is there anything that might be preventing her from using the homing signal in her implant? Is she delusional? Commander, the decision is ultimately yours, of course. However, I believe it would be the Captain's desire to complete the ritual.
I am picking up an M-class atmosphere on the second planet, humanoid life signs. However, metallurgic analysis indicates a pre-industrial civilisation, a Bronze Age level of technology. Curious, Captain. I'm detecting evidence that these people have had contact with the Alpha Quadrant. It is a modulated energy discharge that appears to be consistent with the recent use of a replicator. According to Starfleet computer records, approximately seven years ago, the Federation Starship Enterprise hosted negotiations for ownership of the  Barzan wormhole. Included among the bidding parties were two Ferengi, minor functionaries known as Arridor and Kol. But the Ferengi were not aware of that, and during a nefarious attempt to secure the wormhole for themselves, they were pulled into it and deposited in the Delta Quadrant. Captain, I must remind you that the Ferengi are not members of the Federation. They are not bound by the Prime Directive. Nor would it seem that the Prime Directive would allow us to interfere with the internal affairs of this society, as much as we may disapprove of what the Ferengi are doing. That is a most logical interpretation, Captain. [Vault] (A secure room within the Temple. Arridor is counting coins, while Kol is getting oo-mox from two of the ladies.) We have been bombarding a local subspace instability with verteron particles. If all goes according to plan, the Barzan wormhole should reopen at out present location in a matter of hours. Then we must find a way to make it more profitable for them to leave. Captain, I am still unable to penetrate the Ferengi dampening field. If the away team experiences difficulties, we will be unable to beam them out.  We still can not establish a transporter lock, Captain. Shield are optimal. Go ahead, Doctor. [Sickbay] Captain, security has been breached in the shuttle bay. The Ferengi have phasered the shuttle bay door. They are exiting the ship. The Ferengi are hailing us, Captain. Captain, a gravitational eddy from the wormhole is attracting the Ferengi shuttle. They're being pulled in. [Ferengi shuttle]
The success rate of your culinary experiments has not been high. Ensign Golwat is Bolian. Her tongue has a cartilaginous lining. It would protect her against even the most corrosive acid. Impressive. Porakan? Mister Neelix, I would prefer not to hear the life history of my breakfast. What happened? Engineering has been making adjustments to the plasma conduits to accommodate a new energy source. It may have created a thermal surge in the galley systems. The gas can also be used to boost deflector shield efficiency. The anomaly is within visual range. I don't know. I'm experiencing dizziness and disorientation. Permission to go to sickbay. Deck five. I was holding a young girl by the hand, tying to prevent her from falling from a precipice. I was unable to keep my grip, and she fell to her death. And there is more. I had an emotional response anxiety, fear. An almost irrational anger at myself for letting her fall. It never happened. The girl was unfamiliar, and I've never been in that situation. It was me as a child, and it did seem like a memory, but I don't recall the incident. I am not human. A wise precaution, Doctor. Thank you. [Tuvok's quarters] (Tuvok has lit candles and is using bizarre building blocks.) Structure, logic, function, control. A structure cannot stand without a foundation. Logic is the foundation of function. Function is the essence of control. I am in control. I am in control. (But the house of not-cards collapses, then the doorbell chimes.) Enter. Kes. What is it? No. You may proceed. It is called a keethara. The approximate translation is structure of harmony. It is used as a meditational aid. Building it requires precise balance and spatial acuity. It helps to focus thought and refine mental control. No, it does not. The form is not predefined. It is a reflection of the builder's state of mind. Thus, it is different each time. Kes. Structure, logic, function, control. A structure cannot stand without a foundation. Logic is the foundation of function. Function is the essence of control. I am in control. I am in control. [Corridor] If you are referring to yesterday's incident, I haven't experienced any further problems. I am fit for duty. There is no need for concern. My apologies, Commander. I am distracted. I spent fourteen hours last night in deep meditation, trying to determine the source of my aberrant behaviour. I could not.  It is difficult to forget when you're wearing a neurocortical monitor on your parietal bone. I suggest we conduct a tachyon sweep of the nebula. It would reveal the presence of any cloaked ships. Yes. We should be extremely cautious this close to Klingon space. Yes. Yes, you are right, of course. I'm uncertain why I would make such an obvious error. Did the doctor explain the situation to you? I don't know how else to proceed. The doctor tells me that this is a memory. And yet, no matter how hard I try, I cannot remember. If the doctor is correct, if this is an experience I pushed into my unconscious mind, it could be very dangerous to me, even life-threatening. I realise it's asking a great deal of you, Captain, and I did consider turning to one of the Vulcans on the ship, but this meld would be more intimate than most. A family member is normally chosen because of the implicit trust that usually exists. On this ship, I trust you more than anyone else. I will initiate the meld and attempt to access the memory fragment. Once that has been accomplished, you will act as my pyllora. My guide, my counsellor. You will help me reconstruct the memory in its entirety. And as I am reliving it, you will help me to objectify the experience. By processing the experience, rather than repressing it, I can begin to overcome my fear, anger and the other emotional responses, and to reintegrate the memory into my conscious mind. No. I will be the only one who notices your presence. You will be an observer in the memory, but not a participant. This will give you the freedom to guide me objectively. I will need time to prepare. Please return in one hour. (One hour later, Tuvok and Janeway are sitting opposite each other in chairs, in the surgery bay. Janeway is also wearing a monitor.) Your mind to my mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. I am taking us back, back to the boy that I was, the boy lying on the precipice. [Excelsior bridge] (Under attack. The crew are wearing 23rd century Federation uniforms. Welcome to the Undiscovered Country.) Yes. My first deep space assignment aboard the Excelsior. I did not intend to. That is precisely what I attempted to do. Stardate 9521, approximately eighty years ago. The Klingons. This battle was precipitated by an incident that took place three days earlier. [Gamma shift crew quarters] And that's when my problem began. I am well, Commander. Thank you. Thank you. It's not for me. It's for the Captain. I've observed that Captain Sulu drinks a cup of tea each morning. I thought he might enjoy a Vulcan blend. I assure you, I have no ulterior motive. That was not my motivation, Captain. I am not attempting to curry favour with you in any way. I will work on it, sir. In the twenty third century, holographic imaging resolution was less accurate. Yes. I am one of several junior science officers. It's a long story, Captain, but suffice it to say, this was my first Starfleet career. I was twenty nine years old. Not exactly. The Klingon moon Praxis is about to explode. During this period, it was a primary source of energy for the Klingon Homeworld. That is correct. No. We were warned off by the Klingons, and resumed our survey mission. However, two days later, we learned that two Starfleet officers were accused of murdering the Klingon Chancellor. They were brought back to the Klingon Homeworld to stand trial. Captain Sulu had served under both officers for many years, and he felt an intense loyalty to them. He is about to attempt a rescue of Captain Kirk and Doctor McCoy. As you can see, everyone seemed perfectly willing to go along with this breach of orders. However, I felt differently. Captain, am I correct in assuming that you have decided to embark on a rescue mission? I do. It is a direct violation of our orders from Starfleet Command, and it could precipitate an armed conflict between the Klingon Empire and the Federation. Sir, as a Starfleet officer, it is my duty to formally protest. I am aware of my limited experience, but I am also very much aware of Starfleet regulations and my obligation to carry them out. Sir, that is a most illogical line of reasoning. Perhaps. (Later.)  Several hours after we entered the nebula, we were ambushed by Klingons. A battle ensued, and we were forced to abort our rescue mission. No. If there is a connection I am not aware of it. I suggest we attempt another mind-meld, and try again to access my memory of the girl. Your mind to my mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. I am taking us back, back to the boy that I was. The boy lying on the precipice. [Excelsior bridge] I am at a loss to explain, Captain, but it's hard to accept this as a coincidence. Captain Sulu estimated it would take approximately five hours to traverse the nebula and enter Klingon space. He decided my shift needed some rest, so we returned to the crew quarters. [Gamma shift crew quarters]  I attempted to get some sleep. However, my bunk mate Dmitri Valtane felt the need to discuss our situation. No. Had what in him? I take it from the tone of your voice that you admire this trait. It's illogical and reckless, which I attempted to point out to him on the bridge. The human fascination with fun has led to many tragedies in your short, but violent, history. One wonders how your race has survived having so much fun. No, I will not relax. Ever since I entered the Academy, I've had to endure the egocentric nature of humanity. You believe that everyone in the galaxy should be like you, that we should all share your sense of humour and your human values. I joined under pressure from my parents. But I've already decided to resign my commission once this assignment is complete. At this point in my life, yes. My experiences at the Academy and on board the Excelsior were not pleasant. My perceptions of humanity and Starfleet were undoubtedly coloured by the fact that I did not want to be here in the first place. It was their wish, and I felt an obligation to fulfill it. I returned to Vulcan, where I spent several years in seclusion, immersing myself in the Kolinahr, a rigorous discipline intended to purge all emotions. I wanted to attain a state of pure and total logic. Unfortunately, six years into my studies, I began the Pon farr. I took a mate. Yes. We decided to raise a family together, so I chose to postpone my studies. Raising children of my own made me appreciate what my parents experienced raising me. And I came to realise that the decisions I made as a young man were not always in my best interest. I understood their decision to send me to the Academy, and that there were many things I could learn from humans and other species, so I decided to expand my knowledge of the galaxy. Starfleet provided that opportunity. As am I, Captain. Although, heart had very little to do with it. It was a logical decision. A Klingon battle cruiser decloaked inside the nebula. At this moment, they were firing concussive charges across our bow. [Excelsior bridge] Primarily oxygen and argon, with traces of theta-xenon, fluorine and sirillium gas. Affirmative. If we modulated a positron beam to a subspace frequency, it would trigger a thermochemical reaction in the sirillium. Yes, but their sensors and tactical systems would be disrupted for several seconds. The positron beam is charged and ready. Mister Valtane, there's a rupture in the plasma conduit behind your console. Get away from that station. Dmitri, you must (Valtane's station explodes.) Bridge to sickbay. Medical emergency. Something's gone wrong with the mind-meld. (to Janeway) It's an indication that the rate of deterioration in my brain has increased. At advanced stages of a t'lokan schism, memories and thought processes become distorted and confused. (to Janeway) I will break the meld, Captain. I will try. But I must point out that if my neural structures collapse during the meld, you will suffer brain damage as well.  Captain, if we replay those events and they see you, it will disrupt the memory again. Asking female officers for their clothing could lead to misunderstanding. [Sickbay] (The EMH places a blinkie on Tuvok's forehead.) Mister Valtane, there's a rupture in the plasma conduit behind your console. Get away from that station. Dmitri, you must (Boom!) I am trying, but my mind is weakening. That's why it migrated from Valtane to me. Not directly. We were forced to retreat back to Federation space. As usual, Captain Kirk provided his own means of escape. But we did play a pivotal role at the subsequent battle at Khitomer. On the contrary. I do not experience feelings of nostalgia. But there are times when I think back to those days of meeting Kirk, Spock and the others, and I am pleased that I was part of it. Then perhaps you can be nostalgic for both of us.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I have completed another full sensor sweep, including multispectral subsurface scan. I still can not locate their life signs or their comm. badges. Captain, two Akritirian ships are approaching at bearing two seven one, mark six four. Captain, their ships are powering weapons. Captain, should I return fire? We have no information as to their whereabouts. And if we return to Akritirian space, we are sure to encounter further hostilities. I'm only reading two life signs aboard. We have confirmed that explosives were indeed produced aboard their ship. Aye, Captain. What should we do with the prisoners? Crewman Foster, take the prisoner to Commander Chakotay. He will upload the coordinates and codes. (Ms Foster takes Vel onto the bridge.) May I ask how you propose to get past the Akritirian patrols? No doubt they will attack as soon as Voyager crosses the border. Captain? Yes. However, Mister Neelix's vessel has extremely limited combat capabilities. Hands on your heads. Go ahead. Go. [Neelix's ship] PATROL
Captain! Your abilities allow you to transfer knowledge from your own mind to another's? Intriguing. You do possess the ability to share your experiences without mutual consent. His explanation is plausible. And yet you fully intend to continue investigating. I share your concern, Captain. We haven't ruled out the possibility that this may be a deliberate act. You should know, Lieutenant, that I spoke with Jora Mirell yesterday. I asked her specifically about the memories you had experienced. She claimed not to know anything about them.
Aye Captain. If we are not to go around their space the only available option is to go through it. Would it affect your decision if I pointed out that encroaching on the territory of an alien species is prohibited by starfleet regulations? Captain, you have managed to surprise me. I'm not reading any energy signatures. Their propulsion systems must be off line. They appear not to have detected us. They have not powered up engines. Still unpowered. They don't seem to have detected us. Captain, I'm detecting another ship, not part of the swarm. It has been damaged, propulsion systems are not functional. Captain, I am detecting a vessel. They are scanning us, Captain. I am getting a response. Audio only. Channel is open. The energy expenditure was not high enough to cause any damage. It may not have been a weapon. Captain, the swarm of ships has powered their engines and turned toward us. They are in pursuit. They will be in weapons range in five minutes. The ships are now within range, Captain, but I do not detect any indication that they are powering weapons. Negative. Sensors show no weapons signature at all. Aye Captain. Aye Captain. Since our shield strength is non-existent, I would not recommend it. Captain, they are clamping onto our hull. But the phaser fire will be reflected back toward us. Ship's phasers are locked on a target, Captain. The swarm of ships has disbanded, Captain. They are moving away.
Lieutenant Paris and I are at the Griffith Observatory [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] (Tuvok is using Rain's cell phone.) Please stand aside, Officer.
Transporter room to Bridge. Ensign Martin and the Ilari representative are dead. The Captain is injured and has been beamed to sickbay.
Your inarticulate expression of awe notwithstanding, Mister Neelix, it was a fascinating spectacle. I'm afraid a course correction will be futile, Captain. There are now three distinct shock waves heading toward us on various trajectories. It will be impossible to avoid them all. Contact with the first shock wave within three seconds, Commander. Shield strength is at twenty percent. Hull damage on decks nine through fourteen. Minor injuries reported on all decks. May we presume that this conflict is also responsible for the weakening of your powers and your inability to return to the Continuum? May I remind you, madam, that this rickety barge and its half-witted crew are your only hope at the moment. [Q Continuum - Colonial Manor House] (Q and Janeway are taking shelter behind a settee whilst she tears strips off her petticoats to staunch Q's wound.) Commander, I needn't remind you that close proximity to a supernova will crush us, whether or not we time it perfectly. All crew are present and accounted for.
Channel open. [EMH narrative - Garan Mine] Aye sir. I've erected the biocontainment fields. The area has been sealed. [EMH narrative - Mess hall] EMH
I am ready to return. Stand by to beam me aboard.
I was not aware that we had a definite appointment. If you recall, Mister Neelix, I did not guarantee you a position. That is true, but opportunities for promotion on a starship must be earned. Your dedication is duly noted, Mister Neelix. Now if you'll excuse me, I am due on the bridge. Aye, Captain. I don't believe so. It's thousands of light years wide. We're being hailed, Captain. Please, sit down. I examined the scene of the shooting and confirmed the Federation weapon signature. A type two phaser blast. Fourteen Voyager crewmembers were off the ship at the time of the incident. Several traders from the station were aboard Voyager on the day of the incident. We can't rule out the possibility that one of them managed to steal a phaser. What can you tell me about your friend Wixiban? Mister Chakotay reported that he was aboard Voyager. Has he ever been involved in criminal activity? I must question him, and I would appreciate your accompanying me. You may be able to help me evaluate the verisimilitude of his answers. Please meet me in transporter room two at eighteen hundred hours. [Station bar] Were you ever alone on the ship? Where were you at the time of the shooting? Can anyone corroborate that? That will be all for now, Mister Wix. As you wish, but please see me as soon as you return to the ship. As the Captain said, that proves nothing. One of the criminals was killed in the plasma explosion. The others have been taken into custody by Mister Bahrat. Mister Wixiban was given his shuttle. He sent you his thanks before making a hasty departure. (Janeway enters.)
They are indications that a colony once existed on the planet's  surface. However, it appears to be long abandoned.  I cannot.  For both of those reasons there is little help that I can offer.  It is inappropriate for me to involve myself in Ensign Vorik's personal  situation.  That is a very human judgement, Doctor.  There is nothing logical about the Pon farr. It is a time when  instinct and emotion dominate over reason. It cannot be analysed by the  rational mind, nor cured by conventional medicine. Anyone who has  experienced it understands that it must simply be followed to its  natural resolution.  There are three options that I am aware of. Taking a mate, which  Ensign Vorik has already attempted. The ritual combat which does not  apply to his situation.  An ancient tradition of fighting for one's mate which as I have  said, is not relevant here. The third alternative is the intensive  meditation he has chosen to try.  I believe that any interference would be unwelcome and  counterproductive. You must allow him to face this challenge privately.  If he possesses enough discipline to reach a point of psychological  resolution, then his chemical imbalance should correct itself.  Captain, I'd like to request a short delay. I may have an  explanation for Lieutenant Torres's behaviour. [Vorik's  quarters] (Vorik  is trying very hard to meditate when the doorbell chimes.)  No, I must apologise for the intrusion, particularly at this  time.  Yes. I regret that I must ask you some uncomfortable questions  regarding Lieutenant Torres.  It is important for me to know specifically what happened  between the two of you. Was there any physical contact?  Please describe your actions.  I believe you were initiating a telepathic mating bond.  Apparently you've succeeded. Lieutenant Torres has been  displaying unusual behaviour, very much like the early stages of Pon  farr.  There have been instances of Vulcans mating with members of  other races.  Even a brief moment of bonding may have been enough to disrupt  her self-control, as the Pon farr does in us. In a half-Klingon, the  effects may be even more extreme.  You cannot. Lieutenant Torres is out of contact on the planet.  It is a far more sensible strategy to get her safely back to  Voyager, and then decide on the proper resolution.  Lieutenant Torres has never been a great follower of logic.  It might be wise to continue your meditative efforts.  It is difficult to estimate how soon her condition will become  life threatening.  Yes.  You only need to be concerned with Lieutenant Torres' situation.    How are you feeling, Lieutenant?  Yes, Lieutenant, you've succeeded in your mission. Now you must  tend to yourself. You're experiencing a condition known as Pon farr.  Your emotional balance has been disrupted. You may not be in  control of your more aggressive instincts.  Please, come back with us to the ship.  She is suffering from a chemical imbalance, which is affecting  her behaviour.  No. However, she does need our assistance.  Yes. It was necessary to replace the elbow joint after I was  injured in a combat simulation.  Your people have clearly made every effort to avoid detection by  outsiders. Is it so difficult to believe that those measures were  effective in our case?  What happened?  It may not be soon enough. I am concerned about the rapid  progression of her symptoms. You must help her now, Mister Paris. If  she does not resolve the Pon farr, she will die.  (Chakotay and Tuvok leave them alone.)  Ensign.  The ritual challenge. He intends to fight to win his mate.  She has the right to choose her own defender, even herself.  They are following their instincts, and I suggest we allow them  to do so.  It is logical. Both must resolve their Pon farr before it kills  them. We cannot wait to hear from Voyager.  The risk of injury seems preferable to the certainty of dying  from a chemical imbalance. Commander, I see no alternative but to  follow Vulcan tradition.  Begin.  (They are evenly matched. Torres avoids a neck pinch and they struggle  for a large branch she picks up. They end up rolling around on the  ground, trading punches, until Vorik cannot get up, and Torres is  completely disoriented. She falls into Paris' arms.)  The blood fever has been purged. They will both recover. Captain's  log, stardate 50541.6. We're following through with Chakotay's offer to  help the Sakari improve their camouflage and they've agreed to supply  us with a generous quantity of gallicite. [Turbolift] (Torres  is already in the turbolift when the doors open for Paris.) 
You have just come into comm. range, Commander. Aye Captain. We're on our way. Voyager to Sacajawea. We will rendezvous with you in approximately four minutes. Voyager to Sacajawea, do you read us? We're in orbit, Commander. We've located you but transporters won't function in the storm. A shuttle is on its way to the surface now. The away team should be with you in minutes.
Check this area out. This way.
Mister Neelix. I have found a data storage device lodged in the internal circuitry. It appears to contain information about an alien starship. [Mag-lev carriage roof]
It is three o'clock in the morning, Kes. You have an away team report due at oh eight hundred hours. Very well. [Doctor's office] It would also take Voyager off a direct course to the Alpha quadrant. The Tarkan are that powerful? You aren't planning on taking Kes anywhere near this part of space? From what I've surmised, that is something your people do not seem to value. You take many chances. It would please me to be able to give it. (Kes enters.) We will continue tomorrow. Even the quickest, most violently delivered blow leaves behind some sort of molecular evidence. In this instance there was nothing. Not a single molecule. Yes, but he can recall nothing of the attack except a sudden blur of motion. Responding well to treatment. Concerned and at his side. [Sickbay] (Torres is lying on the floor when Janeway and Tuvok enter.) Computer, activate Emergency Medical Holographic programme. Doctor, I have the raw data from the forensic investigation of the attack on Zahir. Your instruments are more precise than those on the outpost. You threatened him with a weapon. Then I suppose my colleagues are liars. This lodge is the last place Zahir was seen before he was attacked. You could have easily sent someone after him. A witness said he saw a light on in this room after your usual closing time, less than one hour after the time of the attack. Or perhaps conferring with whoever you paid to commit the assault. Excellent. We'll be speaking again very soon. Captain, Tuvok here. My tricorder scans of the area where Zahir was assaulted have revealed disturbing evidence. Residual holographic signatures exactly like those of the Doctor. I'm picking up residual infrared. The signature is consistent. We're within two hundred metres. (They catch up with the EMH and Kes. A phaser blast makes rocks block the path ahead.) His control over the Doctor's matrix appears to be deteriorating.
Tuvok to Janeway. There are three ships approaching of the same configuration as the Nasari vessel.
Perhaps you would care to relinquish your commission and return to the scene of your former triumphs. And it's this attempt which leads to Kes's current predicament? Tactical sensors were not functioning at the time. There is no data regarding the torpedo in question. Acknowledged. Shields down to thirty nine percent, Captain. Commander, they're arming their torpedo launchers again. We cannot sustain another direct hit. Ready, Commander. Do you have any theory as to the cause of these jumps? Fortunately, Mister Neelix, what Kes has been describing is merely one possible future. On each occasion that she jumped to a previous time, her subsequent actions most likely altered the future from that moment on. While I agree it would not be wise for Kes to make all of her experiences public, a report on anything she knows about these Krenim might be useful.
Confirmed. I am reading a debris field encompassing nearly eighty cubic kilometres. I don't read any recognisable weapons signatures. I am detecting no ships, no structures, no weapons signatures. The anomaly is bearing down on us, heading zero four seven mark one nine. There's damage on deck three. Phasers online. Twenty percent loss of the starboard dorsal shields, and minor buckling of the hull on deck three. The probe has been launched. Apparently some of the matter inside it is being exchanged between space and subspace. The Bussard collectors could be modified to gather plasma particles. Captain, the astral eddy is beginning to dissipate. (It vanishes.) The eddy is moving towards us at a velocity of three hundred kilometres per second.
I've erected a level ten containment field around the bridge, Captain. Deck two sealed. Security team to the mess hall. [Mess hall] Spatial fluctuations. There. Is he dying? An apple. I was referring to a bio-cylinder. But the fruit will suffice. Fascinating. This alien device is apparently pushing the apple slightly out of phase with our space-time continuum. More advanced than any cloak I have ever seen. [Bridge] My tricorder's not working. There appears to be a dampening field Go! That's an order, Lieutenant. (Paris goes into the Jefferies tube, and Tuvok slumps against the access panel.) [Bridge]
Do your people possess technology which could have transported you here? Can you tell us where your colony is located? Where is Kes today? Increasing the shield strength has had no apparent effect. However, it (Tuvok vanishes. A Nyrian appears in another part of the ship.) [Sickbay] There are ten compounds like this one, spread over approximately four square kilometres. They are surrounded on all sides by wilderness. (A Nyrian woman speaks.) I don't believe so. In every direction I went, I encountered a natural barrier. A sheer cliff, an impassable river. These obstacles completely surround the colony. Were your people brought here by the Nyrians? It should do. If you can find another like this one, we'll be able to construct a second weapon. Yes. Our circumstances seem to require a certain flexibility. That was a lesson I had already learned. During the Rite of Tal'oth, I survived in the Vulcan desert for four months with a ritual blade as my only possession. After that, Starfleet training exercises seemed less of a challenge. This weapon is complete. When Mister Neelix returns with a second capacitor, I'll improvise another. (Next day.) If the Nyrians downloaded Voyager's cultural database, you may be able to tap into the translation algorithm. Captain, there's data here for ninety four different environments. I'll try to bypass their security codes. We should attempt to locate the bridge. We may need to disable the entire security sub-routine. (An alarm sounds. They make their way back.) [Bridge] TALEEN He just activated a translocator control. One lifeform was sent from an access tunnel to the biosphere adjacent to ours. Then we should be able to use the same method to return to Voyager. Their method has the added advantage of appearing innocent, at least in the beginning. There are biosensors contained within the monitoring programs of each habitat. Perhaps I'm detecting human lifeforms in one of the environments. The Argala habitat. Possibly. They may have taken refuge there to hide from the Nyrians. The temperature is minus twenty degrees Celsius. Captain, there's a ship approaching at high warp. It's Voyager.
I assure you, Commander. I have made thorough preparations for the Captain's safety during her away mission. You, on the other hand, are still adapting to your duties as First Officer. Under the circumstances, I believe my time will be better spent assisting you in your effort to justify the trust the Captain has placed in you. Aye, sir. Ensign Kim, you have been given a direct order. Do as the Commander tells you. Is something wrong, sir? Sir, Captain Janeway's shuttle has gone to warp. Sir? (Chakotay shoots Tuvok. One security guard shoots the helmsman, the other just misses Kim.) That won't be necessary, Captain. I am the author of the programme in question. I'm afraid there's been a misunderstanding. The programme is not a holonovel. It is a tactical training scenario. When you first invited the Maquis to join our crew, I believed that mutiny was a very real possibility. With that in mind, I began to write a training programme for junior security officers to prepare them for such an eventuality. No. As the two crews began to work together, I concluded that the threat of an insurrection was increasingly unlikely. I realised the programme itself might exacerbate the very conflict I sought to avoid. Therefore, I deleted the scenario, or so I believed. Nor her somewhat excessive curiosity. I apologise for my carelessness, Captain. On the contrary, Mister Paris. The programme has the potential to incite animosity among the crew and must be permanently deleted. I have no doubt the captain concurs. As the Captain of this ship, surely you Since the captain insists on allowing you to proceed with this frivolous exercise, I thought you might benefit from the original probability studies I conducted before beginning the scenario. Indeed. I'd be curious to know what you've made up thus far. That is an entirely implausible plot development. Captain Janeway would never behave in such an inhumane manner. Logic is an integral part of narrative structure. According to the Dictates of Poetics by T'hain of Vulcan, a character's actions must flow inexorably from his or her established traits. If you think I will allow you to turn this programme into a parody, you are sorely mistaken. I would hardly call Mister Paris's ideas artistic. We are not writing a romance novel, Lieutenant. I've decided that your efforts would benefit from my collaboration. How surprising. Perhaps we should find someplace quieter to work. I believe our first step should be to create a carefully constructed outline of the remaining chapters. We cannot proceed without a carefully constructed outline. Need I remind you that it was I who first began the scenario? In so many words, yes. And it is my duty to ensure that ship security is not compromised by your creative vision. True, but since that is no longer an option, I am now exercising my prerogative as the original author. Computer, override the EMH program's autonomous controls and transfer him back to Sickbay. You may find that difficult, since I am the only one who can make additions to the programme. That is a very rational decision, Mister Paris. Computer, reinitiate the holographic programme entitled Insurrection Alpha, security clearance Tuvok four seven seven four. Reformat the holo-matrix for the addition of new interactive algorithms. Reopen the narrative parameters file. (The holodeck glitches.) [Bridge] I have no idea. We haven't given the computer instructions to create a location yet. How do you know that? You're a hologram. There is no more programme. Computer, end programme. Holodeck one to Bridge. Emergency transport. She has been dead for over a year now. There would have been no way to predict this turn of events. Apparently she believes we're here to help her retake the ship from the mutineers. You're forgetting it was Seska who rewrote the scenario. For all we know, she's programmed Captain Janeway to betray us. The safest course of action is to avoid participation of any kind. Eventually, the real Captain will discover our predicament and shut down the programme from the outside. We have no intention of participating in this exercise. Are you able to continue? I have an idea. [Holographic Sickbay] I may be able to use some of this holographic equipment to treat your wound. Besides, it's as good a place as any to hide from Seska. Go!  Are you all right, Mister Paris? Your feeble attempt at wit notwithstanding, it does appear that Seska has reprogrammed the holographic crew to torture us. I suggest we avoid meeting any more of them. I concur. [Bridge] Your attempts at humour are hardly constructive, Mister Paris. (He unlocks an internal hatch to reveal a plasma fire.) The controls are jammed. I cannot close the hatch. (A plasma fire extinguisher appears.) That is an intriguing question. I prefer a more optimistic interpretation. It is possible our shipmates outside the holodeck have learned of our predicament and have found a way to help us by making additions to the programme, such as that plasma extinguisher. I would imagine Seska has made it very difficult for anyone to implement more than minor changes. We must follow their instructions. (But when they try to exit the Jefferies tube system.) If I'm not mistaken, the Chakotay hologram is undergoing some sort of character change. Don't listen to her, Commander. You've taken the ship. There is no need to add murder to your list of offences. Don't move, Seska. That is a rather bold statement for someone in your position. Computer, belay that order, authorisation Tuvok four seven seven four. I have set this phaser to kill. If you do not deactivate the self-destruct sequence, I will fire. Do what she says. That's an order, Mister Paris. Seska's not the only one who knows how to cause a phaser malfunction. I must say, Captain. Causing the alien ship to come to our aid was a very effective plot development. Mister Neelix, if Mister Paris and I do create another work of holo-fiction, I assure you we will choose a subject much less close to home.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Captain Janeway to the bridge. [Bridge] Tuvok to Chakotay. (Tuvok sounds rough.) I'm in Cargo Bay two [Cargo Bay Two] We were beamed over just before impact. We require assistance.
