Thank you. Hey, it's been four hundred years but that little number still works for me. Thanks, Doc. I know what you're thinking. He has pretty sweet pipes for a light bulb. That's what I am, right? A collection of photons and forcefields. You know, your basic heuristic, fully interactive hologram. If you're going to work Vegas in the sixties, you'd better know the score. otherwise, you're going to look like a Clyde. A Harvey, you know. A square. You know what a square is, right? Well, I guess that answers my question. Where are your manners, Julian? Aren't you going to introduce me to your entourage? How long you kids been married? When you sing in as many joints as I have, you become a student of the human heart. (to O'Brien) Don't beat yourself up, pallie. Just because you miss your wife, doesn't mean you've gone blind. It means there's a lot of very attractive ladies in the room and it's all right to look at them as long as you don't touch. And as for you two. Never mind. Forget I brought it up. You have time for another song? Well, you know where to find me. By the way, this is a high class joint. That means coat and ties for the gents, dresses for the ladies. You guys look like a trapeze act. I remember back in must've been fifty eight, I was playing the Sands. One night, Frank and Dean dropped by. We ended up taking over one of the blackjack tables. Between the three of us, we must've dropped fifteen big ones and believe me, back then that wasn't chump change. So, Frank goes over to the pit boss. What was his name? Vic. I've been around the block a couple of times. You don't have to be an Einstein to clue into any of that. I thought about it but I didn't want to embarrass anyone you know, give away any secrets. C'mon, do I really have to connect the dots? You're crazy about the broad but you're afraid to do anything about it. And she? Well, you know. It's the oldest story in the book. She thinks of you as a friend. But women have been known to change their minds. You just have to give them a reason. That's because it's not that hard. The girl already likes you. That means you're halfway home. Who? I don't care if he's JFK. It's not the other guy you have to worry about, it's you. That's right. I mean, for starters you've got to lose this whole Nanook of the North thing. Well, you've got about as much personality as an icicle. Cool is one thing, but you're frozen solid. And therein lies the problem. Come with me. Look, pallie, if you want to win the girl, we got to thaw you out a little bit. You know, turn up the heat, get those emotions you claim to have bubbling to the surface. It's time to have some fun. I'll pretend I didn't hear that. First, let's lose those threads. I mean, here's nothing like a tuxedo to make you feel like a million bucks. Very sharp. After you. Glad to hear it. I don't need the competition. What I do need is someone to handle the black and whites. My piano player just threw ten sevens in a row at the craps table and took off for Reno. So have a seat, my friend, the crowd's getting restless. That one. (And there they all are. Odo sits at the grand piano on the stage. The rest of the band have appeared too.) Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Vic Fontaine. And tonight is going to be a gas. Hit it, Nanook. You want to bet? (The piano plays 'Come Fly with Me' with and without Odo's help.) Stay with me, pallie. That's not the point. You've got to sell it. Style, baby, style. Make 'em believe. Bottoms up. Why am I not surprised? It's not real booze. You're in a holosuite, remember? How'd you like being in the spotlight? That's all you've got to say? Nothing to be nervous about. You were too busy having fun. There you go, tensing up again. Look at you. I mean, you're standing there like a statue. I mean, the only things you're going to attract are pigeons. Sit down. Relax. Take a couple of deep breaths. You do that and everything you want will come to you. Try it. Go on. (A knock on the door.) See? Let's find out. (Two showgirls are there, blonde and brunette) Well for crying out loud. What are you two lovely ladies doing here? Oh, that's right. Come on in. Odo, we've got company. Show her your hands. Head of his class. All right, ladies. The night is young and I have a table waiting for us at the Dunes. After you, ladies. (Ginger and Melissa leave.) What are you worried about? Melissa's a very nice girl. Tell me something, how do you get to Carnegie Hall? Practice, practice, practice. Get it? Think of this evening as a trial run. Trust me, you're going to do great. [Captain's office] Thank you. Thank you for that kind applause. Keep clapping. There's a fly buzzing the room and one of you is bound to nail him. Why the long face, buddy boy? Shakaar? Forget about that fink. I'll bet he doesn't look half as good in a tux as you do. You've been coming here every night for a week. Have I steered you wrong? Then trust your Uncle Vic. Ladies and gentlemen, we have a very special surprise for you tonight. If this babe doesn't raise your temperature, you'd better check the obituary column, because chances are you're in it, pallie. Let's have a nice warm round of applause for Miss Lola Crystal. (And a hologram dead ringer for Kira sings an abridged version of 'Fever') Remind you of anyone? (Lola ends up draped over the piano.) Don't look now, but I think she likes you. [Vic's hotel suite] (A champagne fountain is being poured.) A toast. As  Georgie Jessel once said, 'To whatever makes you happy.' I'm going to turn in. You two lovebirds can live without me, I trust? What's wrong? I thought you two were getting along just fine. You want me to reprogramme her, make her play hard to get? Of course she's not Kira. She's a hologram. Sweetheart, please. Stay out of this. Do you know how difficult it was for me to get a holographic image of Major Kira? Lucky for you, Julian used her image in one of his spy programmes, though it did take me an hour to get rid of the Russian accent. At least you're starting to talk the talk. Wait. Wait a minute. You can't give up now. Hey, doll face. You asleep? I'm performing next door for Dax and Worf. I'm between sets, so I transferred my matrix from that holosuite to this one. Now, I don't have much time. We have to talk. Odo, what else? Come on, Major, don't be coy. We both know he's nuts about you. He tells me everything. We've been spending a lot of time together. And loving it. Which tells you what? You don't know him as well as you think you do. He's not the same stick in the mud anymore. The cat can swing. The one and only. But let me tell you, the only chick he wants to swing with is you. It's love, baby. Nothing better than that. Don't try to change the subject. We're talking about you and Odo. And I don't mean to interrupt. Talk about your cranky aliens. You two really are made for each other. Which is why you've got to come to the holosuite tonight. So you and Odo can have dinner together. Because I'm asking you for him, and neither one of us will take no for an answer. Crazy. [Security office] I believe you two know each other. Mademoiselle. I'll be your server this evening. I'll try not to spill anything. To begin, a little Dom Perignon fifty five and some oysters Rockefeller. To be followed by Caesar salad, chateaubriand, and cherries jubilee. Let me know when you're ready for the salad. There's nothing to tell. I'm good, pallie, but I'm not that good. You've been dancing with the real McCoy. Hey, I brought you two lovebirds together. That was the whole idea, wasn't it? Don't say it. Computer end programme. [Security office] Here in Vegas, there's only one way to make sure you don't lose any money. The moment you step off the plane, you walk right into the propellers. See you in a few minutes, folks. Odo. Hey, long time no see. So I hear. Julian tells me that you and the Major are quite an item. That's my Odo. Always ready to turn victory into defeat. Anytime, pallie, anytime. Hey, you feel like sitting in on a number? Say hi to the Major for me. (Odo starts to leave.) Hey, do me a favour? Leave the programme running for a few minutes after you leave. I feel like singing.
It's not one of the most requested songs in my repertoire, but I'm glad you liked it. So, why the long face, pallie? This wouldn't be about Dax's baby, would it? No, I'm a hologram. It's simple. You take one beautiful, happily married filly, add the possibility of her giving birth to a foal, and what's that leave you? A couple of lovesick stallions that never got out of the starting gate. Hey, I've got news for you guys. It's time to move onto greener pastures. I hate to break it to you, pallie, but you lost her a long time ago. You both did. But lucky for you, space is big. There are a lot of other nice girls out there, with or without spots. Capisce? The truth shall set you free. Good, because you were starting to depress the band. Anytime, pallie, anytime. (Quark and Bashir leave.) Nice guys, but absolutely clueless. [Sisko's quarters] (Home-cooked dinner time.)
Hey, pallie, where you been keeping yourself? Doesn't sound very exciting. Well, if you're looking for some action, you've come to the right place. What do you say we hit the craps tables, huh? Or maybe some blackjack to get the blood pumping? I don't think that's such a good idea. C'mon, pallie, why rub salt in an open wound? It's your dime. Park it right there. And don't say I didn't warn you. Which reminds me of a story Joey once told me (Link to Joey Bishop?) Son of a gun, I think he means it. Hey, you heard the man. (My favourite James Darren song 'All the Way' ends with Worf smashing up the joint.) [Romulan command post] (The new office is being set up.) With his own two hands. And it's not the first time he's busted up the joint. I don't care how much he threatens me, that's the last time I ever sing 'All the Way.' If he wants to hear it again, let him buy a Sinatra album. That's what I've been telling you. Well, something is driving Worf cuckoo. Your buddy needs to get some serious help and soon. The band is threatening to quit. They don't know that. Hang in there, pallie.
Not bad, but the lady is a tramp, not a scamp. Sorry, pallie. I can tell. But two singers on the same bill, that's a one way ticket to Deadsville. I need someone to warm up the audience for me. You know, a comic. A comedian. Someone who can make people laugh. Well, that may be true, but this is a holosuite programme, capisce? So you're not a hologram. Showbiz. It can break your heart. So what can I do for you, pallie? All your favourite hits. My pleasure. These songs are four hundred years old. You sure the troops on the front lines want to hear them? Hey, when you put it that way, I wish I was going on the supply run with you. I could make some personal appearances. Sing a few songs, tell a few jokes. You know, put together a regular USO show. Rom's right. Life can be unfair. You know, pallie, sometimes being a hologram can be a real pain in the asometric photons. You know where to find me. [Wardroom] (Sisko is staring at what looks like another casualty list up on the wall monitor.)
Hi there, pallie. It's good to see you. Vic Fontaine. You're Rom's kid, right? He's really proud of you. He's always in here bragging about his son, the soldier boy. What can I do for you? Sure thing, kiddo. Any other requests? Sounds like a special tune. What more can you ask from a song? I'll be seeing you, from the top. (While Vic sings, Nog remembers AR558.) [Bunker Infirmary] Thank you. Take five, fellas. Okay, kid, I know fifteen different arrangements of that tune and you've heard 'em all. Now, which one's your favourite? Somehow, I knew you were going to say that. So let me guess. Julian played it for you, right? If I had him as a publicist, I'd be bigger than Elvis. Never mind. So, how's the new leg? People talk. Can they give you something for that? I believe you. So what else can I do for you? Sing it again? Good. To tell you the truth, I was starting to get a little sick of it myself. How about something else? Okay, kid. Catch you later, huh? Something wrong? I have a suite here in the hotel. Sure. You want to stay with me tonight? You want to choose a holosuite programme for your rehab? Okay, kid. If that's the way you want it, from now on you're staying with me. Crazy. [Wardroom] I get it. He's got some healing to do. I could spot that the moment he walked in here. You sure he doesn't need the cane, because he's pretty sure he does. Well, then I have got some ideas on how to wean him off the stick. Do I seem pushy to you? I got your number. [Holosuite - Vic's hotel room] (Nog is watching a movie on TV. Shane. Alan Ladd is facing down Jack Palance.) Oh, yeah. From these books I can't tell if I'm rich as Rockefeller or as poor as a church mouse. Hey, it's real to me, kid. No, thanks. I'll figure it out. Yeah. He took one in the arm. Noggles, take it easy. It's only a movie. (Shane is riding off) Yeah, who doesn't? Oh, son of a gun. I got to get ready for the show. Hanging out. And we are, except I have a gig to do. I can't do that. It would be unprofessional. Besides, performing is my life. It's what I do. I got to get out there and swing otherwise I'm just another clyde in a tux. You coming to the show? Good. Then may I suggest you carry something with a little more style. (A black cane with a lion's head) Now this is a cane. It's a replica of the one Errol Flynn used to have, only his was a little taller. And it has a little secret. Push that button at the back of the head. (A flame comes of the lion's mouth.) You never know when a lady's going to need a light. Now be careful with that stick, it's fragile. It might not hold your whole weight. Good. Now let's get dressed. You're catching on. [Holosuite - Las Vegas lounge] (Vic's song is 'I've Got the World on a String'. Jake enters with a date and goes to Nog's table.) Thank you, thank you. You're too kind. I guess that's the response you get when you pack the house with relatives. (Vic starts singing 'Just in Time') Hey, hey, hey. Break it up. You all right? And you, take a hike. You heard me. You don't come into my club and start hitting customers. Now get out before I throw you out. [Holosuite - Vic's hotel room] (Nog is watching the Untouchables when Vic comes in.) You're still up? Do you mind? (turns the TV off) What a night. Don't apologise to me. I'm not the one you belted. And his girl. I can't have you hitting the customers. It's not good for business. What got into you, anyway? She called you a hero? And for that you slugged your best friend? Remind me never to give you a compliments. You know, I'm beat. That's never happened to me. Being tired. My programme's never run this long. Usually people come in, they ask for a song or two, sometimes a night on the town, but I never have to put in a full day. I got work to do. If I don't get these books in order, Uncle Sam's going to come down on me like a ton of bricks. You know anything about bookkeeping? Be my guest. Right here. (A pencil.) It's nineteen sixty two. What do you want from me? I'm going to hit the sack. Sure. Goodnight, kid. but this time he's switched all the robes in the steam room. So when Dino goes to pick up his robe, he doesn't realise that across the back, Frank has printed in big bold letters. I'll finish the story later. Hi, doll face. Up in the room, still working on the receipts from sixty one. That's kid's a hell of an accountant. He said the government owes me money. Can you believe that? Can it wait? It's about that thing with Jake, right? Is he pressing charges? Wait a minute, wait a minute. You know, he likes it here. He's making progress. Okay, he lost his cool, but I don't think that'll happen again. The kid's had too much reality lately, if you ask me. He's lost a leg, he's watched good friends die. Like you said, we shouldn't push him. He needs time to heal. He's on medical leave. And according to Starfleet regulations, he can spend it wherever he chooses. We do? A new casino? How much money do I have? Hey, I hope you're still talking to me. He just needed a little time, that's all. It gets better. Yesterday we drove out to see the architect who's designing the new casino. I saw him actually run up a flight of stairs. Would I kid a kidder? We don't break ground on the casino for about a week, so I thought we'd fly up to Tahoe for a couple of days. Sammy's going to be performing at the Cal Neva and I thought I'd introduce the kid to him. We're tight. Well, no. No, of course not, I mean. The casino's just a ploy, like you said, you know. Yeah. He is better, isn't he. See you. [Holosuite - Vic's hotel room] (Nog is looking over the blueprints again when Vic enters.) Thanks. Lot of familiar faces in the crowd. Did I see Rom and Leeta out there? Good idea. (Vic rolls up the blueprints.) I'll think it over. Not anymore. It's time for you to go, kid. You know where. It's time to end the programme. No, we don't. This is just a fantasy. It's not real. You're right, it's very real to me. But I'm a hologram, Nog. I'm not a person. Until you came along, I'd never been on for more than six or seven hours straight. It's incredible. Since you've been here, I've slept in a bed every night, gone to work every day, had time to read the paper, play cards with the boys. I've had a life. And I have to tell you, it's a precious thing. I had no idea how much it means to just live. Now I'm going to return the favour and give you your life back. What here? There is no here. Don't you get it? This is nowhere. It's an illusion and so am I. In fact, the only thing in this entire programme that is not an illusion is you. Kid, I hate to do this to you, but you're not giving me any choice. Computer End programme. [Holosuite] (Nog is working in a control panel.) So, now that the Chief's told you I'm smarter than the average bear, will you stop messing around with my holosuite? What is it I'm not making clear to you, Charlie? You got to go. Why not? You stay here, you're going to die. Not all at once, but little by little. Eventually you'll become as hollow as I am. Compared to you, I'm hollow as a snare drum. Look, kid, I don't know what's going to happen to you out there. All I can tell you is that you've got to play the cards life deals you. Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose, but at least you're in the game. (Nog leaves. Vic picks up his old walking stick.) Crazy. [Quark's] Hi, kid. Hey, nice threads. You back at work? How's it feel? Happens to the best of us. That's not necessary. You did something for me too. You gave me a chance to see what it's like to have a life. What? Kid, I don't know what to say. It's a deal. And you can take that to the bank. Hey. Try not to overturn the furniture. Twenty six hours a day. (breaks into song) I've got the world on a string, Sitting on a rainbow. Got the string around my finger. (Band and audience have appeared) What a world, what a life. I'm in love. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I thought you two were dead. A what? (Bashir and rebels rush in, shooting.) I'll see you in hell first. (Bashir kills Vic.)
Who is it? Just a minute. (The door rattles and then is unlocked, and a very beaten up Vic appears.) Keeping Frankie Eyes away from the casino and the countroom. [Holosuite - Casino] (Craps table) Meanwhile, the Captain and I will be laying down some heavy bread over at the craps table. Enough to draw a crowd. I put a little away for a rainy day. Now each night, at precisely eleven forty five. During those six minutes, Howard, the other countman, has a martini brought in. (Ezri is a cocktail waitress.) Once Ezri's out of the countroom Do whatever you need to do to keep him distracted. And don't be afraid to turn on the waterworks. And Chief, you play innocent. That's the ticket. Now remember, the two of you have to keep that guard away from the door for at least two minutes. You and those fabulous Ferengi ears of yours. (Nog goes to the safe and starts cracking the five digit code.) You're going to be surprised how much a million bucks weighs. When you walk into the casino, don't talk to anyone. Don't even look at anyone. And whatever you do, don't run. Just head for the exit and dump the cash in the garbage cans outside. With no money, there's no skim to give to Mister Zeemo, and old Frankie becomes yesterday's news.
You going to sit there all night, Quark? Go fish. (Quark draws a card and throws his hand in.) Don't tell me you're quitting? Want to try pinochle again? How about rummy, or gin rummy? Five card stud? Canasta? Did they play tongo in Las Vegas in nineteen sixty two? Which is why my holographic programme can't create it. Oh, is that why you dropped by? To insult me? It's not easy staying behind, is it? Knowing that your friends are out there risking their lives. A bartender's life is a lonely one. Bartending is a very noble profession. You do it well, under some very difficult circumstances, I might add. You should be proud. (The band arrives.) I know so, pallie. Sorry, pallie, got to run. Durante and Lawford are at the Sands. Can't miss that. It is. But I'm not a bartender. (Vic and Ginger leave. Quark checks Vic's cards. There was a three.) Hey, pallie. If you're here for another game of 'go fish,' I'm a little busy right now. At the bar. Ladies and gentlemen. Tonight is a very special night for some friends of mine. They've been together a long time. But like the man said, nothing lasts forever. So, gang, this one's from the heart. (Vic sings The Way You Look Tonight, as the camera pans around and we play spot the face.) [Bajoran fire caves]
