Omet'iklan, control your men. These people saved our lives. You'll do nothing without my approval. My apologies, Captain. I'm afraid the Jem'Hadar are sadly deficient in the social graces. I know. They attacked us too. Your next allowance of white will be in two hours. If you want it on time, you will be quiet and do as you're told. Captain, you and I should talk in private. [Mess hall] Captain Benjamin Sisko. I feel honoured. Your psychographic profile is required reading for Vorta field supervisors. I probably know things about you you don't know yourself. What would you say if I offered to make you absolute ruler of the Federation? No President, no Starfleet Chief of Staff, just you. Just doing my job. Trying to build a bridge between the Dominion and a potential ally. After all, wouldn't it be much simpler if the Dominion and the Federation could reach some mutual beneficial understanding without resorting to the unpleasantness of military conflict? I can lead you to them. But there's something I need in exchange. I want you to help me eliminate them. The Jem'Hadar that attacked your station are renegades. They've turned their back on their oath of allegiance to the Dominion and it's my job to see to it that they're punished. I'm afraid we don't have the time. Captain, are you familiar with the Iconians? What's important is how the Iconians controlled that empire. Exactly. Sophisticated transporters that allowed them to move instantaneously from one planet to another, from one solar system to another, without the use of starships. Dominion scientists recently discovered a Gateway on one of our outlying worlds. We sent a team of scientists to restore it, but their Jem'Hadar guards rebelled and are now trying to complete the Gateway themselves. I would say it's very possible they're going to use that equipment to help them complete the Gateway. You understand the nature of our dilemma? Our experts predict the renegades would gather support from other Jem'Hadar units, launch a general insurrection, and effect a complete takeover of the Dominion in less than a year. That's very shortsighted of you, Captain. Think about it. If the Jem'Hadar seize control of the Dominion, there'll be no stopping them. Even shutting down the wormhole won't protect the Alpha Quadrant. With the Gateway, they could put a million Jem'Hadar warriors on any Federation planet instantaneously. Would you care to see our projections of Federation casualties? The Founders' ability to control the Jem'Hadar has been somewhat overstated. Otherwise we never would have had to addict them to the white. The Dominion has endured for two thousand years, and will continue to endure long after the Federation has crumbled into dust. But we'll leave that to history. Right now, we have a more pressing concern. The Gateway must be destroyed. Agreed? The central structure is composed of solid neutronium. Even a direct hit from a quantum torpedo wouldn't necessarily destroy our objective. The Jem'Hadar defence grid is now in operation. Automated weapons systems have killed everyone in this room. There's something to be said for soldiers who aren't afraid to die. Captain, I understand your concerns, and so does Omet'iklan. That's not practical. Are you questioning my decision? How do you know about the Gateway? There's an entire company of Jem'Hadar down on Vandros Four who would disagree with you. It is time when I say it's time. Oh, very well. (to box) Prepare six phials. Unlock. First Omet'iklan, can you vouch for the loyalty of your men? Then receive this reward from the Founders. May it keep you strong. (The phials of white are handed out and inserted.) Odo, may I speak with you for a moment? You know I've been watching you. I have to admit I find it somewhat disturbing seeing you working for these Federation people, letting them order you around. You are a Founder. You should be the one giving the orders to them, to the Jem'Hadar, even me. Of course. But before you do, please, hear what I have to say. Your people want you to come home, Odo. No matter what differences you may have with them, no matter what mistakes you may have made, they still love you. You're lying. And you're not very good at it. I, on the other hand, am an expert on lies. Both in telling them, and in spotting them. So you may as well admit the truth. More than anything in your life, you want to return to your people. And I can make that possible. Let me worry about the how. All I need to know is, are you ready to go home? Then it's over. After all, you are a Founder. I live to serve you. [Bridge] (O'Brien enters with an isolinear chip.) Well, this is a momentous occasion. The first joint operation between the Federation and the Dominion. I can't wait to see how it turns out. Such a delightful people. (O'Brien turns to the Starfleet crew.) The Defiant's sensors registered a powerful explosion in the vicinity of the Gateway. I trust your mission was a success? Well done, Captain. You've all done quite nicely. Now, if you don't mind, I'd like to inspect the wreckage. (Omet'iklan vapourises Weyoun.)
That wasn't me. At least not exactly. It tends to mitigate the risk involved in so much of our work. My predecessor was the fourth incarnation of our noble progenitor. I am the fifth. Of a sort. Interested? Dominion courts are renowned for their honesty and equanimity. Perhaps we should find out. [Ghemor's quarters] He doesn't seem to like you very much. We're going to have to do something about your public image. In case you change your mind. Dabo! That is dabo, isn't it? I like games. (Sisko enters.) How delightful. The mysterious plots, the subtle innuendos, the veiled threats. It's all so entertaining. (Weyoun drinks the kanar.) Oh, my. That is quite toxic, isn't it? Vorta are immune to most forms of poison. Comes in handy when you're a diplomat. As you said, it's a small problem.
Captain Sisko, I can't tell you how happy I am to see you again. How delightful. You feel comfortable enough around me to make jokes. I'm so pleased to see our relationship evolving beyond the stale adversarial stage. I can't tell you how it pains me to hear you say that, Captain. You see, I really like Deep Space Nine and I like you. And after this meeting with Kai Winn, I think you and I will be seeing a lot more of each other. [Replimat] What's going on down there? [Jake + Nog's quarters] (Nog is playing Klingon music as Jake works on a PADD. Sorry, my resolution isn't good enough to read it. The soprano's top note goes through his skull.) I hope you've found our talks as rewarding as I have, your Eminence. May I enquire if you plan on giving the First Minister a positive recommendation regarding the non-aggression pact? Of course, of course. Forgive me for even asking. It is enough to know that you and I have found so many common interests. I feel that we are very much alike. (Winn holds his ear.) Do you think I'm a fool? Let's start at the beginning. What is the nature of your relationship with Doctor Elias Giger? I know who your father is. Go on. Do you really expect me to believe that everything you've been doing for the last twenty two hours has been perfectly innocent? That it was merely a coincidence that Doctor Giger has been running experiments with highly charged polaric particles directly below my quarters? I suppose there's also an innocent explanation to the secret meetings you've been having with virtually the entire senior staff of Deep Space Nine, or that Kai Winn met with you immediately after leaving me? I suggest that you stop playing games with me and tell me the truth. Quickly. So, there are secrets after all. There shouldn't be any secrets between friends, Jake. I do want to be your friend. (Weyoun opens the chest and takes out the baseball card in it's holder.) I'm listening. A time traveller? I believe you. Yes. That is, I believe your first story. That you're two innocent boys trying to give a gift to Captain Sisko. Which still leaves the question of what you were doing beneath my quarters. Really? I have a background in, shall we say, creative genetics. I'd be most interested in hearing your theories. Of course. Aren't you forgetting something? Captain's log, stardate 50929.4. Two days ago, this station felt like a tomb. I'd never seen so many of my crew depressed at the same time. But for some reason, it now seems as though a new spirit has swept through the station, as if someone had opened a door and let a gust of fresh air blow through a musty old house. Why this is happening, frankly, is a mystery to me. After all, nothing has really changed. The Dominion is still a threat, the Cardassians are still threatening to take the station, and I can still see the clouds of war gathering on the horizon. So why do I sense a new-found optimism in the air? But maybe I'm over-thinking this. Maybe the real explanation is as simple as something my father taught me a long time ago. Even in the darkest moments, you can always find something that'll make you smile. (O'Brien has been kayaking.) (Bashir is placing Kukalaka on a shelf.) (Leeta is puzzled by the missing bear.) (Kira gets a great round of applause for her speech.) (Worf is listening to his opera with a look of bliss on his face.) (Weyoun is trying out Giger's chamber.) (Sisko has his baseball card. Nog gets a handshake and Jake a big hug.)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Captain Sisko. I'll make this brief. We know all about the minefield. As I see it, you have two choices. Either you remove the mines or we will take this station from you and remove them ourselves. You will not allow? I can see how that might be your first reaction. But you and I are reasonable men, and surely reasonable men can come to some sort of mutually acceptable compromise. It saddens me to see how deeply you misunderstand us. All the Dominion wants is to peacefully co-exist with its neighbours. It's the Cardassians. Don't get me wrong. I'm pleased to call them allies, but as you know they've just been though a terrible war with the Klingons. I'm afraid it's left them somewhat jittery. So they're understandably concerned with insuring the sovereignty of their borders. And since they're now members of the Dominion, their concerns have become our concerns. You may think that, and I may think that, but the Cardassians You see our dilemma. What if we agreed to limit our convoys to cargo ships, construction units, civilian aid? Things that will help them get their economy back on its feet. Did you know when we arrived, children were starving on Cardassia Prime? It was heartbreaking. The Cardassians are a very proud people. They don't want to admit to outsiders how dire their situation really is. So, are we agreed? You remove the mines and we restrict our convoys to medical and economic assistance. I'm sure they'll do whatever Benjamin Sisko recommends. For my part, I will personally speak to the Founders to secure our end of the bargain. Ah. He'll be furious, at first. But we've developed a fine working relationship, and I'm sure I can help him to see the wisdom of our decision. You won't be disappointed. This is a momentous day. You and I have just taken the first step towards insuring peace between our peoples. [Captain's office] Let's not get ahead of ourselves, or must I remind you the Dominion just signed a non-aggression pact with Bajor. The Dominion will honour its treaty. And as a member of the Dominion, you will honour it as well. I never doubted it. Impossible. Federation shields have always proven useless against our weapons. This isn't turning out quite the way I'd planned. Let's both hope your confidence is justified. Over fifty ships lost, our spacedocks on Torros Three destroyed. A victory perhaps, but a costly one. Founder, we're honoured by your decision to remain with us. Whatever you say. Nevertheless, having a god walk amongst us is most gratifying. It would appear Captain Sisko was most efficient in disabling the station. But your first priority is to dismantle that minefield. Until we can bring in reinforcements from the Gamma Quadrant, our position here is vulnerable. I assume Captain Sisko removed or destroyed everything of value? What is that? I don't understand.
Either you remove the mines or we will take this station from you and remove them ourselves. (DS9 is attacked.) My dear Major Kira, you have no idea how it pleases me to hear you say that. Dukat, the Major has just given me the most wonderful news. Bajorans are returning to the station. Then I'm sure you share my delight in knowing that life here is returning to normal. The shops are reopening, the Promenade is abuzz with activity once again. The Habitat ring echoes with the laughter of happy children. Are such precautions really necessary? Come now, come now, there's no need for this petty bickering. We're all friends here. Of course we are. And if you have any suggestions, Major, feel free to bring them to me at any time. Perhaps you should reconsider your decision. Perhaps it would be best to let the matter rest for a while. I'm sure in time, We'll be able to resolve all these minor problems to our mutual satisfaction. I'm sure you will. One last thing. Odo. Is he aware that I'm doing everything I can to strengthen the bond between the Dominion and the Bajoran people? No, no, I wouldn't want to bother him. Good day, Major. (Kira leaves.) I wouldn't know. But I do know we need her as an ally. Out. Don't look at him. I'm telling you to leave. Now! (Damar takes his signal from Dukat and leaves.) In the future, it might be prudent for you to include me in all decisions relating to station policy. Now, what about the wormhole? You assured me that you would be able to dismantle the minefield within a month. That was two months ago. We have to take down that minefield and reopen the wormhole. For the moment, yes. But to defeat the Federation, we're going to need reinforcements and new supplies of ketracel-white. Soon. Hello. Oh, please. I prefer just Weyoun. For what? Oh, I'm afraid that will be quite impossible. Because I've read your previous articles and they left me with one inescapable conclusion. You are biased against the Dominion. You keep referring to us as the station's, quote, occupying force, unquote. It has a negative connotation. All your articles are filled with pejorative terminology, which is why I've been forced to withhold their transmission. If I don't send them, they don't read them. Please tell me you're not that naive. You see, there you go again. This is not an occupation. This is a Cardassian station, Jake, and I'm sure you're aware that there are no Dominion troops on Bajor. And why should there be? We have a treaty with them. They're our friends. If you want me to send your articles to the Federation, you're going to have to provide a more balanced perspective. I would never dream of asking you to. All I want is for you to keep an open mind. All in good time. You keep writing, I'll keep reading. Let's leave it at that for now. Good day, Jake. [Sisko's office] (The big wall screen shows stellar cartography map 4747, which includes DS9 at 207 mark 89.) Then receive this reward from the Founders. May it keep you strong. (The Jem'Hadar take their White and leave.) The Founders are the masters. I am merely their servant, as are the Jem'Hadar. And you. That is exactly the kind of observation I've come to expect from you, Dukat. Interesting, yet somewhat petty. (Damar enters with Odo.) Founder, I'm honoured by your visit. Is there someway I can be of service? Consider it done. I don't see any problem with that. This is between me and Odo. I'll thank you to keep out of it. Now that I've done something for you, perhaps there's something you'd consent to do for me. [Quark's]
How could Damar have been so stupid as to leave such an inflammatory document lying around for anyone to find? Jem'Hadar are not thieves. Keep your voice down. Our men need to see that we're still allies. Smile. Dukat. Odo's right. Tell your men they're confined to quarters pending disciplinary hearings. I'll do the same. And keep smiling. (to Jem'Hadar) Come. [Admiral Ross' office] Founder, you honour us with your presence. Only because I've followed the plan the Founders laid out for me. Yes, Dukat. This delay is intolerable. There are thousands of Jem'Hadar ships stranded on the other side of the wormhole, waiting to come through and join the war effort. You're winning? I assure you I'm intimately involved in all military decisions. Of course. We've imposed our presence on you long enough. (Weyoun leaves.)
You asked to see me, Major? First, tell me something. What do you think of this? I know who the artist is. Her father gave it to me. He claims it won some sort of prize on Cardassia. I suppose. Is it any good? I don't know how to judge it. You see, my people lack a sense of aesthetics. I sometimes think so as well. But if aesthetics were truly important, the Founders would have included it in our genetic makeup. Gods don't make mistakes. Though sometimes I think it would be nice to be able to carry a tune. So, what can I do for you, Major? Oh yes, the Ferengi saboteur. Has it really been that long? Impossible. You can't release a man and then execute him. It makes no sense. He committed an act of terrorism against the Dominion. Not only did he try to interfere with our efforts to take down the minefield, but, as I understand it, he was also the diabolical genius who came up with the idea of self-replicating mines in the first place. I'm afraid there's no getting around it, Major. He must be made an example so that others think twice before they act against us. I'm well aware of that. And I'm willing to believe, for now, his wife is not a co-conspirator. Otherwise, treaty or no treaty, she would share her husband's fate. I'm sorry, Major. The Dominion takes a dim view of terrorism. Your friend must pay the price for his crime. I'm afraid their pleas will fall on deaf ears. Major. Would this be more aesthetically pleasing if it were blue? [Holding cell] Where? And disabling its replication unit. I'm afraid not. Weak eyes. My people have poor eyesight. It's something we've learned to live with. Jem'Hadar, on the other hand, excellent vision. I suppose they need it more than we do. I'll have to take your word for it. When will you be ready to proceed? Excellent. I knew you could do it, Dukat. I never doubted you for a moment. (Damar enters.) Good for him. Now why have those fleets gathered there? You're not sure? Two large enemy fleets break off from the front lines and rendezvous at a starbase and you have no idea why? See that you do. (Weyoun leaves.) Do we know their destination? Here? Oh. He knows we're taking down the minefield. Someone must've got a message out. No matter. We'll crush them. Do it. (doorbell.) Once the minefield comes down we'll have more than enough ships to take their place. Excuse me. Don't you think resolving family squabbles can wait until after we've won this war? Weak eyes, good ears. Then you're clear on what must be done. Forgive me for intruding but I have important news about the war. I must say, you're doing a wonderful job with Odo. Meaning that he's always posed a potential threat to our plans, but you seem to have neutralised him quite nicely. I meant no disrespect.
He committed an act of terrorism against the Dominion. The Captain is a very clever man. Of course I do. I could never hope to match your eloquence. What about the minefield? Are we still on schedule? Eight hours. I'll hold you to that, Dukat. (The Founder and Weyoun leave.) Perhaps if you didn't talk so much, your throat wouldn't get so dry. No. Aren't you being a bit premature? Those ships aren't going to be here for another five hours, and need I remind you a lot can happen in that amount of time. You think I'm incapable of experiencing joy just because I'm cautious? We haven't defeated it yet. And even if we do, it's only the beginning. Holding on to a prize as vast as the Federation isn't going to be easy. It's going to require an enormous number of ships, a massive occupation army and constant vigilance. I'm sure you also looked forward to occupying Bajor and we all know what a disappointment that was. If you ask me, the key to holding the Federation is Earth. If there's going to be an organised resistance against us, its birthplace will be there. Then our first step is be to eradicate its population. It's the only way. Why not? Then you kill them? I had no idea. I would guess not. Not at all. I find it fascinating. At once. Forgive the intrusion, but Major Kira, the Ferengi saboteur and the rest of their terrorist group have escaped from the holding cells. For your own protection, I must ask you to come with me. They will be. But in the meantime, you'd both be safer in Ops. Destroy it. How can that be? You seek to shed your corporeal existence. [Bridge] You are the Sisko. The Sisko is belligerent. We are of Bajor. It is agreed. That's impossible. Check our listening posts in the Gamma Quadrant. Obviously. Time to start packing. We'll meet you at airlock five. (The Founder and Weyoun leave. Dukat's jaw is still on the floor.) Out of the way, out of the way. Step aside. Make way for the Founder. What about Odo? Is he coming with us?
Ah, Major. How nice to see you again. By all means. This arrangement would award disputed star systems to the side that already has effective control over them. On the balance, we're giving up more than you. Eee ja maa'na hoo'va baa'li jen'ku'rada sen'to. Still at it, I see. Not very encouraging, is it? My, my, how quickly you've taken to your new role. And to think only a short time ago you were nothing more than Gul Dukat's adjutant. Then show some faith in me. Don't be like your predecessor, second guessing my every move. It should be clear to you by now that no one is irreplaceable. Now, I just received a very interesting message from an unidentified party claiming to have some information that could be very beneficial to us. I don't know but we're going to find out. [Cargo bay] (Bashir wakes up tied to a chair.) They'll be here. Don't let it go to your head. You serve only at the Dominion's pleasure. Besides, I think it's exciting. (Door opens.) They're here. Odo? We seem to have gotten ourselves lost.
What are you planning to do with him? Such as? I see. You're going to share your feelings of loneliness and sorrow with your longtime adversary. Doctor Cox'd be so proud. You should kill him now, while you still can. You should kill him. Spare me your endless posturing. You're lucky I speak to you at all after that pathetic display back at the hospital. Oh, I see. It's a sensitive topic. I wonder what Captain Sisko would think if he'd seen you curled up in a ball, crying yourself to sleep every night? I doubt held still have the same respect for you if he'd heard you screaming and screaming and screaming like a madman till the nurses came and the doctors had to sedate you! The Dominion would never have been so generous. The Dominion would have killed every man, woman and child on Bajor long ago.
Good evening, Doctor. Welcome home. It would appear we got you out just in time. It's all right, you're among friends now. Did they mistreat you? I don't see any bruises. What choice did I have? Starfleet discovered you were working for us. You actually believe that, don't you? That's why you're such a good operative. Oh, here we go again. These little conversations of ours always follow the same pattern. You start out confused, then you get angry, then you deny everything until finally the walls inside your mind start to break down and you accept the truth. We're not barbarians. There was no torture involved. We simply helped you to see that there's no way Starfleet can defeat the Dominion. And because you didn't want billions of Federation citizens to lose their lives needlessly, you agreed to provide us with information that would help us end this war quickly. You rose above the petty question of whose side you were on and made a moral decision. It's not surprising, really. After all, you are a doctor. Traitor, hero, those are just words. Oh, your friends on Deep Space Nine may vilify you, but history will judge you to be a great man, a visionary who helped bring an end to one of the most devastating wars the galaxy has ever seen. Of course not. You suppressed the memories, compartmentalised them. It's a remarkable ability, but it does make these initial conversations a bit wearing. Have something to eat. You always re-integrate better on a full stomach. (Scones, jam and a cup of hot tea.) Do you remember the first time I offered you scones back at the camp? Concentrate. Sensory details are the key. I had you brought in from solitary. You were very hungry, but you refused to give me the satisfaction of seeing you eat. Do you remember? You were almost there. Try again. With a little more effort you can break through. I can see this is going to be one of our more difficult sessions. Please, Doctor. Listen to yourself. Sisko. (Boom) I'm afraid we're going to have to continue your debriefing later. (Weyoun leaves.) (Boom! Bashir and a Cardassian are thrown to the floor, then Worf and Kira beam in. The Cardassian is killed.)
The Founders have decided to implement stage two ahead of schedule. Fortunately, the Founders have better vision than you do. They can see the opportunities before us even when you cannot. Consider. The Romulans don't expect an attack from Cardassia. The bulk of the Romulan fleet is still deployed along the Neutral Zone with the Federation. The Founders estimate that we could be on Romulus itself in less than three weeks. Those plans were ruined by the incompetency of your predecessor. Gul Dukat is a preening egotist and a fool. We offered him unchallenged control of the Alpha Quadrant and all he could think about was his daughter. Now, shall we get back to the business at hand? And with the Cardassian Fourth Order protecting their flank, the Twenty third Jem'Hadar division will begin its thrust across the Glintara Sector. They should begin the invasion of Romulus itself on the following day. Once we've taken the homeworld, organised resistance will crumble when outlying systems and colonies begin looking out for themselves. Consolidation of the entire Empire will take three months at most. I place my faith in the Founders. They say that the Romulans are not ready for war and will not react fast enough once it begins. Now, do you wish to dispute their judgment? As do we all. Meeting adjourned. (Up comes a Cardassian logo, then the room is empty except for the two spectators.)
Am I? It's a mistake to underestimate our enemy, Damar. You're spreading our forces too thinly. And in doing so, you left the Chin'toka system vulnerable. I like them. Heroes get welcomed home, Dukat, not failures. Or have you forgotten that under your leadership the Dominion nearly lost this war? We're in the middle of a life and death struggle for control of the entire Alpha Quadrant, and all you care about is quenching your petty thirst for revenge. You haven't changed a bit, have you? You're right, Dukat, you have changed. You've gone from being a self important egotist to a self deluded madman. I hardly call that an improvement. I don't have time for this. Remove him. And how is this artefact going to help us? Composed of Federation, Klingon and Romulan ships. I would. That's a very comforting thought, if it's accurate. What is it now, Dukat? What's the status of our weapon platforms? It pains me to say this, but you Cardassians are proving to be quite a disappointment. I believe you're right. I'm not sure how much faith I have in this, what did he call it? Pah wraiths and Prophets. All this talk of gods strikes me as nothing more than superstitious nonsense. That's different. The Founders are gods. [Bridge] (More alliance ships are being crippled or destroyed.) This is a disaster. Federation soldiers have landed on Cardassian soil and now you're telling me the wormhole is gone and with it any chance of getting reinforcements from the Gamma Quadrant. Forgive me if I don't share your euphoria. And that's supposed to make me feel better?
Federation soldiers have landed on Cardassian soil and now you're telling me the wormhole is gone and with it any chance of getting reinforcements from the Gamma Quadrant. They should've been higher. Nevertheless, congratulations, Damar. The enemy remains bottled up in the Chin'toka system and that's where they'll stay until we destroy them. (Damar pours himself a drink.) I'm beginning to think you like it too much. Tell me, Damar, when you're alone, do you even bother with a glass, or do you just drink that swill directly from the bottle? Unfortunately, I agree. Somehow, releasing that Pah wraith into the wormhole has shifted the momentum of the war into our favour. Not really. I never realised you had such a vivid imagination. Just remember, too much imagination can be dangerous. [Sisko's restaurant] (After hours, Sisko is trying to put together a photofit of the woman in his vision) Have you heard? The Romulans have taken over a Bajoran moon and heavily fortified it. Would you be? This is the sort of unfortunate situation that could destroy an alliance. Romulans. They're so predictably treacherous. [Sisko's restaurant] (Sisko comes downstairs with his bag.)
Federation soldiers have landed on Cardassian soil and now you're telling me the wormhole is gone and with it any chance of getting reinforcements from the Gamma Quadrant. Damar, have you Damar, you and I have things to discuss. Things that your guest doesn't want to hear. Because if she does, I'll be forced to have her executed. What a pleasant woman. Now, it's imperative we increase production at the Monac shipyard. We need more assault ships to retake the Chin'toka system. Damar, are you listening to me? Fifteen percent would be ideal. Oh, I'm sure you'll find a way. You're very resourceful. [Kira's quarters]
And still under investigation. I'm glad to see you've come to your senses. He's activated his termination implant and proven himself to be a worthy Vorta at last.
No. Divert them to the So'na outpost on Devos Two. We need their to help protect the new Ketracel white facility. The Federation has been made aware of its location. Are you questioning my orders? That would be foolish. I wonder what the Defiant was doing out there? For that long? If you have something to say, Damar, say it. Their sacrifices won't be in vain. We will be victorious. (Damar knocks back a large glass of kanar.) A bit early, isn't it? Even for you. The Founder prefers it that way. Feel free to dress warmly. How can a god be ill? Whether you believe the Founders are gods or not is irrelevant. All they require from you is obedience. Now. The Founder wants a subspace comm. link installed in her quarters. A secure channel, separately encoded and isolated from the main communication array. That doesn't concern you. (Weyoun leaves.) Founder, it is an honour to be summoned to your presence. I trust the new communications system meets your needs? I'm glad. If I can be of any further assistance. I regret that it failed to stabilise the latest sample you provided. I have a team of Vorta doctors working night and day to find a cure. Founder? Of course. They know nothing. This unfortunate malady will soon be behind us. I won't rest until a cure is found. We'll require another sample. The Federation has pulled the Sixth Fleet from the Bolian front. What do you suppose they're planning? Damar. What's wrong with you? You're distracted. You've been pacing back and forth all morning. If you think I don't know what you're up to, you're a bigger fool than Dukat. He used to entertain lady friends as well.
I regret that it failed to stabilise the latest sample you provided. Damar. Damar! (Damar suddenly wakes.) Since you're ignoring your comm. system, I decided to wake you myself. Yes, I can see that. Get yourself cleaned up. We're leaving this afternoon. You needn't concern yourself with that. You mean your business with Dukat? Did you really think I didn't know he was here? Masquerading as a Bajoran. What's he up to this time? Yet you helped him all the same. Such loyalty. It would be impressive if it wasn't so misplaced. (Weyoun leaves. Damar gets up and opens another bottle, but sees himself in a mirror. He has to turn away before he can drink.) [Damar's quarters] Founder. Approximately thirty six hours. May I say your plan is brilliant. I'm confident that it will turn the war in our favour. Founder? I'm sure he'll have concerns, but you needn't worry about that. I'll deal with him when the time comes. I'll have the temperature lowered. You'll be more comfortable. [Breen cell] (Worf's turn for the nightmare.) Oh? Of course. In fact, I was just coming to your quarters to discuss the matter. I've kept you in the dark too long, Damar, and for that I apologise. You are the leader of Cardassia and you deserve to know everything we're doing. And I have a feeling you're going to be very pleased. [Breen cell] (Worf is just staring at Ezri.) We meet at last. Gifts? How thoughtful. You should be honoured. You're witnessing an historic moment. The birth of the alliance between the Dominion and the Breen. Changes everything doesn't it? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
We meet at last. Gifts? How thoughtful. You should be honoured. You're witnessing an historic moment. The birth of the alliance between the Dominion and the Breen. And now, the continuation. [Jem'Hadar bridge] We will secure the prisoners below. They will share a cell. They may wish to physically comfort each other during the long trip back to Cardassia. I find inter-species mating rituals fascinating to watch. (Worf gets zapped then he and Ezri are taken away by two Breen.) I am so sorry. Where are my manners? Allow me to introduce Legate Damar, head of the Cardassian Union. Thot Gor. He says you need to get your universal translator adjusted. We'll discuss it later. Parts of it. Oh, you needn't worry about that. It's all been itemised in a secret protocol between the Dominion and the Breen. All that is required of you is sign the document as the acknowledged leader of the Cardassian Union. It wouldn't be much of a secret then, would it? Damar, you are missing the point. We need the Breen to win this war. When it's over, there will be more than enough territories available to compensate Cardassia for the loss of a few minor planets. Do you know what I think you should do? Talk to Thot Gor. Express your concerns. He's very reasonable and quite personable once you get to know him. I'm sorry, I think I misunderstood you. It sounded as if you were implying that Cardassian territory doesn't belong to the Founders. Surely that isn't what you meant? Oh good. I look forward to receiving the signed documents from you within the hour. Is there something else? I'm aware of that. I assure you the Septimus Three situation will be dealt with. We will not allow your brave soldiers to perish in vain. You have my word. [Captain's office] Let me take this opportunity to welcome you both to Cardassia Prime. I trust you've been well-treated for so far? I've been looking over the information you supplied to the Breen during your interrogation, and the results are a bit confusing, as mental probes so often are. I was wondering if you wouldn't mind sifting through the data and clarifying certain issues for us. I'm always serious. You see, if you don't do as I ask, I'll have to hand you over to Legate Damar and you know how ruthless the Cardassians can be. However, if you should decide to help us in our search for a quick end to this miserable war, your sentence will be reduced to life imprisonment. You know, my dear it would be such a shame for you to die without the good Doctor Bashir knowing how you felt about him. (Worf grabs Weyoun's head and breaks his neck. A Cardassian guard knocks Worf down and aims his weapon.) I'm glad to see you find the death of my predecessor so amusing. When will the prisoners be executed? When? Have they agreed to cooperate? Ah. Welcome to our command centre. Of course. Go right ahead. What Legate Damar means to say is that our entire database is open to you. Feel free to examine it at your leisure. On the contrary, I'm quite sincere. The decision was made by the Founder herself. The Founder's also decided that from now on your military recommendations will be submitted to Thot Gor, and he will pass it on to her. I trust that was simply an unguarded emotional outburst, so I will ignore it this time. Make plans to do exactly as the Founder instructed or you can schedule an execution for yourself as well. [Cardassian holding cell] (Worf has got the bed apart. The leg makes a nice club. Ezri is using a pin to work a wall panel.) Oh, Damar, there you are. I want you to hear this. Thot Gor had an interesting observation regarding our forces along the Romulan border. In his view, we have failed to take advantage of several weaknesses in their defences. For instance, Romulan colony in the Unroth system is ripe for attack. Their long range sensor array is being repaired Excuse me? Oh, yes. A great tragedy. I promised nothing of the kind. I said the situation would be dealt with, and it was. If you will calm down and listen, I will explain. The sacrifice made by the Eleventh Order will not be in vain. They forced the Klingons to commit worthwhile valuable troops and resources to capture a strategically worthless planet. I'm glad you agree. If they were truly loyal Cardassian, then they died willingly for the Dominion. There can be no greater sacrifice. Your people, Damar? We are all one with the Dominion. Vorta, Cardassian, Jem'Hadar, the Breen. We all serve the Founders and we will all make whatever sacrifices they deem necessary. Thot Gor, would you mind reiterating your plan for the Unroth System? I seem to have lost my train of thought. Yes, I know. It's become increasingly difficult to get a full day's work out of him. [Damar's quarters] (Damar knocks back one glass of kanar, then sees himself in the mirror. He pours a second and throws it at the mirror.) [Cardassian holding cell] Escaped? How could this have happened? Thank you for reminding me. No, I assure you this is not typical of our security procedures. (beep) The Founder. She wishes to see me. She has to be told about this.
There. Do you see that? The news from Earth keeps getting better. The Federation casualty report are being revised upward once again. Well put. The casualties are merely a bonus. What matters is that we have struck fear into the hearts of our enemy and made them feel weak and vulnerable. General, please congratulate your troops for us. They've done a superb job. Don't you agree, Damar? Leave it to you, Damar, to point out the one cloud in the sky. My thought exactly. It is a very small price for such an important victory. Now, if you'll excuse me, I must make my report to the Founder. (Weyoun leaves.) Damar. You're up early. (Damar changes the display on his console.) Yes, you are. Or you haven't been to bed yet. Did you? How nice. Our new allies are full of surprises, aren't they? You know those refrigeration suits they wear? I'm sure you've read the intelligence reports that say that their homeworld is a frozen wasteland. Well, it's not. The climate on their planet is quite comfortable. They won't say. You see what I mean? They're full of surprises. There's something different about you today, Damar. I can't quite put my finger on it. It's almost as if you're only half dressed. You don't have a bottle in your hand. You've regained your confidence. Come now, Damar, you thought you'd backed the wrong side. You thought the Dominion was going to lose this war and drag Cardassia down with it. Perhaps, for a moment or two, but that's no excuse to lose faith in oneself or one's allies. But now it's as if you've groped your way through a dark tunnel and stepped back out into the light once again. You know what that light's told you? That the Dominion will prevail. That the Federation will be conquered and a new era of peace and prosperity will blanket the Alpha Quadrant. Really, Damar, I hope you won't allow that Cardassian sized ego of yours to spoil our victory. And I do mean our victory. Yours, mine. Yes, and the Breen. I like it so much better when we agree, don't you? [Winn's office] (Solbor brings in an old tome wrapped in a cloth.) The Federation reinforcements are approaching Chin'toka. Founder, it concerns me to have you this close to the front. Yes, it should be quite gratifying. [Bridge] Poor Captain Sisko. I believe he was quite fond of that ship. Founder, I'm happy to report that the Chin'toka System is ours once again. I'm certain that will please them greatly. Nor will I. All those escape pods. So small, so vulnerable. I'll order their destruction immediately. Troops that will spread fear throughout the Federation with tales of what happened here today. The Founder is wise. [Winn's office] (A light meal is finishing.) It's confirmed. Our cloning facility on Rondac Three have been destroyed. I could be the last Weyoun. That's why he picked that target. I'll see to it immediately. (The Founder leaves.) I don't care how many Cardassians you have to kill. Find Damar. Is that clear? I'm going to hold you to that.
As you can see, the Klingon raid on Avenal was easily broken up. I completely agree. However, the situation is well in hand. We still have control over the Cardassian military, while Damar has only a handful of terrorists at his disposal. I can assure you both that this rebellion poses no threat. That was an error, to be sure, but an understandable one. No one could have foreseen that Damar would become a terrorist. The concept is antithetical to the very nature of Cardassians. They respect authority. They value the rule of law and the security of order, which is exactly what the Dominion offers them. An excellent plan. Not for several days, perhaps even weeks.
Allow me to present Gul, no, I'm sorry, Legate Broca, the new leader of the Cardassian Union. (Broca enters.) Your first task will be to make a formal address to the Cardassian people, assuring them that the Dominion has their best interests at But it can wait. Perish the thought. The Dominion has never surrendered in battles since its founding ten thousand years ago. The Federation is by its very nature timid. When they see we've pulled back, their first impulse will be to leave us alone. Without the Federation, the others are no threat to us.
Citizens of Cardassia. This latest wave of vandalism directed against your Dominion allies must stop.
