Commander, receiving a mayday on all frequencies. Rhomboid Dronegar Sector zero zero six Ship. Unidentified. Distress. Nothing more. I have a ship on target path. Deploy shields, sir? Sir, we are being hailed. Commander? Do we truly need to send our Chief Engineer over to them? Why do we not simply give them the information they need to make their own repairs? We do not know anything about them. We need more information. What about weapons? Viewer transmission terminated and blocked. Shields up. Phasers ready, sir. [Shuttlecraft] Commander, a photon torpedo may penetrate their shield. Agreed. But what do the Pakleds want? He's already been hit by multiple phaser stuns. Security team stands ready to take the initiative, sir. Then force it must be. [Starbase 515 Operating Theatre] (Surgical scrubs are now red. Presumably to hide the blood.) Any classified weapons knowledge you share with your captors will be considered treason. You will die without honour. You will never attain the twenty fourth level of awareness. Indeed. Twenty four is the gateway to heroic salvation. (transmission ends) Bridge to Commander Riker! I am receiving an emergency summons from Starbase Five One Five. Captain Picard [Engineering] Is close to death. Starbase requests we proceed to base at warp nine Firing sequence proceeding, sir.
Kill it now. Make it appear that it died in the crash. [Bridge] Leave no evidence that we were ever here. Four more. None survived. Lower the forcefield. (a medic enters the cell and the forcefield is raised again. Picard enters the Brig) Captain, the Borg is still unconscious. I will follow the Commander. Reactivate the field once we're through. (the security guard does so. The Borg just watches) Commander. (Geordi fits the new power conduit) Lower the forcefield. (Geordi and Worf back out, the forcefield goes back up, and the Borg goes to the conduit and plugs himself in) Worf to Captain Picard. We are ready to transport.
A compressed teryon beam. Can I help you? [Bridge] (Picard is a science lieutenant) Can I help you, Mister Picard? This is not for me. You should take it to Commander La Forge in Engineering. Is something wrong? You are a Lieutenant junior grade, Assistant Astrophysics officer.
Captain, incoming transmission from Mintaka Three. We've lost contact, sir. Scans of the planet detect no humans, Captain. Sir, a close orbit will increase sensor efficiency by only four percent. Aye, sir.
Which one? Why not? Good. You must let her see the fire in your eyes. Words come later. It is the scent that first speaks of love. I have much to teach you about women. Sensors show trace elements in the debris that would indicate phaser fire was recently exchanged. Less talk, more synthahol. We came here to relax. I've been tutoring him. He learns very quickly. Medical Log, Stardate 43958.8. I have removed patient John Doe from the emergency bio-support unit. In just thirty six hours, most of his major organ systems have regenerated themselves to the point where they can now function on their own. [Sickbay - intensive care] Sir, I am reading a vessel on long range scanners. It is coming from sector nine five six nine. Impossible to identify at this distance. However, it is on an intercept course. No response, Captain. Aye, sir. Leave the control booth immediately! (Worf goes up to the gallery as John succeeds in opening the bay doors) Step away from the controls. I have no wish to harm you, but you must return to Sickbay immediately. They continue to ignore our hails, sir. They are answering our hail, Captain. The Zalkonian ship has a formidable armament. Their weaponry is comparable to ours. Aye, sir. [Observation lounge] Sunad is back aboard the Zalkonian vessel, Captain. (The ship leaves)
I do not care for telepaths. They make me uneasy.
Commander, weren't you offered the Drake? War? I am picking up energy readings. Shields just came on. Deflectors also up. I'm picking up an object off the port bow. It's firing! (Enterprise's shields light up from a green beam) Phasers ready. Photon torpedoes standing by. Locking on target. Correction. Target has disappeared. Scanning. No readings yet. Wait. Something dead astern. Object is firing. No use. It's gone again. SOLIS: Aft shields weakened. Whatever they're using, our shields can't stand up to it much longer. Locking in. The object has vanished. (The Enterprise is hit again) Phaser lock lost. It's cloaked itself. Aye. Solis, correlate the trajectory of the energy bolts with the attack path. I'll compute the optimum spread of phasers and photon torpedoes to hit it. It's impossible to be sure. [Jungle] Programme laid in. Phasers and photon torpedoes ready. Phasers and photons firing. We missed. Deflectors are breaking down. We have less than one minute of reserve. (Logan enters) Ensign, secure connector levels. Separation complete. Phasers at full readiness. You hope our attacker will follow us into the atmosphere. Fast. Deflectors nearing overload. We're about to lose number four deflector. Deflector four is now inoperative. Weapons locked. Got him!
Nothing sir. Not since their initial communication. We are receiving a transmission from Gravesworld, sir. It's unfocused. Not directed specifically at us. Our records show that she and Graves are the only ones living on the planet, Captain. Captain, I am picking up another signal, but it is not from the planet. The signal is very weak, sir. Audio only. Agreed, sir. For a moment, you were. No need, Commander. Hardly. Must I stand here and be insulted? Gone? Worf here, sir. Acknowledged. Worf to Captain Picard. [Ready room] Commander Data has left Ten forward. Should I follow?
Captain, I would feel better if you would allow me to assign a security officer to you. We will be out of communication range when we leave orbit. Aye, sir.
Were you ever this anxious to please, Data? Where he examined some micro-miniature work tools, and some fine grind quadratanium ? This is strange, sir. I show Commander Data transmitting on a subspace channel. Weapons now ready, sir.
Two more decks. I have unlocked the controls. Commander, you did everything you could. It was not your fault. Maybe he left a message of some kind, explaining why he did it. This is a Napean design. Yes. It is strange to think that someone could have considered ending his life and yet give no outward sign. Just before he jumped, he seemed almost calm. Yes, she is a medical technician in Sickbay. We should check his personal logs. No. No, it does not. [Crusher's office] I scanned the area. I found no anomalous readings. Psilosynine? I shall accompany you, Counsellor. Captain's log, stardate 47623.2. We've arrived at Starbase three twenty eight on schedule. After taking aboard medical supplies, we will depart for Barson Two. [Troi's quarters] Counsellor. Have you found anything in Lieutenant Kwan's logs? No. No, nothing. In the past, have your empathic experiences always involved the physical presence of another person? What do you mean, sure of? He would tell you these stories telepathically? Yes. Yes, I too have sought visions in fire. There are things we do not understand, yet they exist nonetheless. Perhaps I should let you get some rest. If you will excuse me, Counsellor. [Ten Forward] (Riker is in casual clothes with a woman. He comes to the bar where Worf is standing) Commander. Lieutenant Corell seems to be enjoying your company. Are you involved with her? No. But if I were, I would of course discuss the situation with you before proceeding further. I mean I would never want to come between you and someone you are involved with, or had ever been involved with. No. Is there someone in particular you would rather I not be involved with? No, no, I was merely. Never mind. Excuse me, sir. [Nacelle control] (Troi goes up to the hatch again) Yes, but only for a short time. After ninety seconds the plasma venting system will engage to prevent degradation of the forcefield. May I ask what you're looking for? Counsellor, are you all right? (the room is back as it should be) I apologise for being late. The viral medicines we are transporting to Barson Two require special security measures to insure they are properly contained. Have you found anything? Perhaps if you should try to narrow the search parameters. Lieutenant Walter Pierce. You were Lieutenant Kwan's supervisor at Utopia Planitia? So you do not remember? We believe the Counsellor may have been seeing an event that occurred eight years ago. But you implied that? We have played poker together many times. I've never known you to bluff. But Pierce is human. I thought so as well. There may be something in them about Lieutenant Kwan as well. [Troi's quarters] Perhaps we should continue this in the morning. Yes, and you must be tired. So I will say goodnight. We should get an early start tomorrow. Yes. (finally, Worf takes her hand and nuzzles her neck, then they kiss passionately) (next morning, Troi is still in bed and Worf is already dressed. He kisses her awake. I thought non-Klingon females were too fragile??) Breakfast is ready. Worf, here. I will be there shortly. [Sickbay] (Deanna gets her shot) The cargo bay will be off limits to all but medical personnel. You're welcome. Counsellor. Yes. I am needed here. I will join you as soon as I can. Apparently my help was not so good after all. I think I know what's wrong. [Nacelle control] Apparently the remains are those of an Ensign Marla Finn. Or she was killed and the murderer hid her remains. Pierce? I think it is time we had another conversation with Lieutenant Pierce. Ensign Calloway, thank you for your help. [Turbolift] Deck ten. No, of course not. Deanna, I do not regret being with you. What is wrong? Perhaps I should talk to Lieutenant Pierce alone. I will meet you in your quarters later. What are you doing? I opened the maintenance door at Counsellor Troi's request, then turned to see her standing too close to the force field. The plasma discharge would have obliterated any evidence that it was murder. (La Forge enters) Counsellor. When I pulled you from the plasma stream, you seemed surprised I was alive. May I ask by whom?
Both were engaged near the Ikalian asteroid belt. That's where the rebels must be hiding. They might attack a freighter, but I doubt they would challenge a Federation starship. You would test the Captain's word with me, Kell? Is it because I have no honour in your eyes that you expect me to be disloyal? Captain Picard does not lie. If he says there is no Federation assistance to the rebels, there is none. He will not disappoint you. If that is all. Thank me? My motives were personal, not political. Captain, Governor Vagh has signalled he is ready to meet with you. Sir, we are being hailed by Governor Vagh. Klingon attack cruiser uncloaking, sir. Two birds of prey approaching. (shortly after) Which members of the crew could have accomplished that? Procedure requires that I ask each of you where you were at eleven twenty three hours. Was anyone with you? Then there is someone on board who isn't what he or she seems to be. Go ahead. [Corridor] Sir? [Corridor] La Forge! (Picard grabs Geordi's arm just as he fires the phaser. The beam goes up to the ceiling instead. Picard disarms Geordi)
Captain, I am sorry to interrupt. I was hoping to take advantage of the Biko's delay by staging shipwide security drills. I have planned a tentative schedule. In that case, I will use the time to perform maintenance checks on the forward phaser array. No, sir. I simply wish to use the extra time Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. (Worf leaves) The Captain saw fit to release me from my duties. I can go. Where are we? What is our function here? So, we are in law enforcement. You wrote this holodeck programme yourself? I must have a little talk with Mister Barclay. (the sound of a gunshot) [Gold Strike saloon] (the piano player is doing his best, the poker players are ignoring it, and someone is shooting up a wanted poster of Eli Hollander) So I am here to apprehend him? You are under arrest. You will come with me. What is wrong? Where are they going? You are under arrest. You have been accused of committing a homicide. I'm beginning to see the appeal of this programme. You are a murderer and a thief. What are his rights in this century? Is there be a trial or shall I execute him? What old man are you referring to? Yes. When your pa comes, we will be ready for him. I am sure the three of us can handle any problems. Counsellor, I would appreciate some support in this matter. Yes, er, Counsellor Durango, perhaps you would consider becoming a temporary deputy? Alexander we require large amounts of currency. Deanna, how do you know so much about this period in Earth's history? Why hank you. Miss? I will not be able to come this evening. I have a prisoner. That's very considerate of you, but I would be negligent in my duties if I did not stay. I am sorry, Miss Annie. Who? (Annie slaps Worf's face and leaves) I was looking for my deputy. Perhaps you have seen him. Klingon fire wine. Commander, what are you doing here? Nothing. Nothing at all, Mister Hollander. What is it you want? That is impossible. Your son is to stand trial for murder. You have nothing I want. What about him? Where is he? I do not negotiate with criminals. Your son will stand trial. (Data grabs Worf's shoulder as he walks past, hurting him) Commander, what are you doing? Data? Commander? Computer, freeze programme. The holodeck safeguards are not functioning. Alexander's in trouble. There's another character in the programme. Hollander's father. And he looks like Commander Data. (Troi uses her bandana to bind Worf's arm) But it is not Data. I cannot explain. I believe he has taken Alexander. Where have they taken my son? Where is he? You are right. I will begin by speaking to the people of this town. Perhaps someone witnessed Alexander's abduction. Captain's log, supplemental. Commander La Forge and Mister Data believe they have found the cause of the mysterious malfunctions which have been plaguing the ship. [Observation lounge] I spoke to several witnesses who saw Alexander being abducted as he was leaving the bank by one of Hollander's men. We must begin a systematic search of the town. Remove your weapon. (he does) I have reconsidered your offer. I will release your son in exchange for my deputy. Agreed. (Worf gives Frank his gun back and he leaves) But we have made an honourable agreement. I will be positioned here, at the eastern end of the street. Frank Hollander says he will approach from this end. When he reaches this point, he will be within range. There's a rain barrel in front of the saloon. It should be enough to stop the bullets. (knocking at the door) Excellent. Oh, yes. Thank you, Miss Annie. I am in your debt. (the clock chimes four) (now it is five fifteen) I have connected the communicator's energy cell to serve as the power source. No more than fifteen seconds. It is highly unstable. Alexander! (Alexander runs for cover in the saloon, Worf switches on his personal forcefield and Frank fires, emptying his pistol for nothing. The forcefield switches off) (Troi gets the drop on the outlaw) Do not show your face in this town again. Are you all right? End programme. Computer, end programme. (panic-stricken) Computer, end programme! Computer! Now! (Annie hugs him, and the programme ends. Worf is visibly relieved) Captain's log, stardate 46278.3. Both Commander Data and the ship's computer have been restored to normal operation. Our rendezvous with the supply ship Biko has proceeded as planned. [Alexander's bedroom] (Alexander looks asleep) The town of Deadwood may face danger once again. If they do, they will need a Sheriff and a deputy. (Worf goes into the main room, puts on his stetson and tries a quick draw in front of the mirror. He smiles, and the Enterprise flies off into the sunset) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Within visual range, Captain. Understood. [Corridor] Unless you can arrange your own transport, you will have to remain on the Enterprise until we complete our mission. The captain dines alone. (Worf leaves) Worf here, Captain. Aye, sir. Security to cargo bay one. One of the Ferengi. What are you doing? (Qol looses his balance and falls, knocking a small barrel into the 'legs' of the egg. It falls in extreme slow motion and the golden glow dissipates) Is there a problem here?
Launch bay one shows ready, Commander. Klingons do not pursue relationships. They conquer that which they desire. However, Lieutenant D'Sora serves under my command. If she were mistreated, I would be very displeased, sir. Yes, Captain. Aye, Captain. [Ready room] Captain? I am puzzled, sir. Captain, the only detectable bioelectric residuals are your own. You did not Sir? Sir. I cannot explain how an intruder entered this room, but I recommend we go to Red Alert. Then I will order one of my officers to stand watch. Worf to Ensign As you wish, Captain. [Data's quarters] (Data is painting when the doorbell rings) I am not registering a hull breach. None, sir. Captain. (the furniture is all piled up by the window) I do not understand. Seven more unusual incidents have been reported. No casualties or damage. Captain! Explosive decompression on deck thirty seven. A shuttlecraft is more manoeuvrable. Sensors indicate deformation passing five hundred metres off the starboard bow. Deformation impact on deck fifteen, science section. Reports coming in. Minimal damage. [Shuttle]
Negative, sir. Channel open. Sir, defensive shield around the structure is increasing in strength. They are responding. Life support failure. Decks nine, twelve, and thirteen. Losing life support systems on decks five through nine. Evacuation procedures initiated. Life support normal on all decks. Why shouldn't we grant them asylum? We saved them from destruction.
I raise fifty. Talk or play. Not both. Your fifty, and fifty more. Your deal. I open with fifty. Klingons never bluff. Captain, Starfleet Command is hailing us. Scanning. I have it, sir. Bearing zero five mark two three one. Velocity, warp nine. Probe is coming up to starboard. Range, eighty two hundred. Tractor beam ready. Range now seventy five hundred. Probe is standing abeam. I have nothing to say to you. Sir. I suggest Commander Riker or Data would better serve Special Emissary K'Ehleyr. Yes. No. (Picard's left eyebrow raises slightly) I withdraw my request, Captain. You are late. I fail to understand why. Shall we proceed with our assigned duties? There is nothing wrong with my memory. I am familiar with your appearance. I never? Not as far as I'm concerned. According to the library computer, the captain of the T'Ong is K'Temoc. But there is nothing regarding the ship's mission. Perhaps, but we have no evidence of that. The records may simply have been lost. And to contend with that threat, we need information. That is foolish. Knowing their mission might help us understand them. And I do not appreciate being interrupted. We were instructed to come up with options. There are always options. My experiences aboard this ship have taught me that most problems have more than one solution. Are you going to carry out your duties, or aren't you? Special Emissary K'Ehleyr has declared a short recess, sir. I wish to run a full diagnostic test on all tactical back-up equipment. I feel it necessary to check them again. Sir, considering the unknown elements we are about to face I am relaxed. Yes, sir. (Worf leaves) Computer, level two. (The dead aliens come back to life, and he hands her a sword. They dispatch their attackers then she swings at him. Then they gaze at each other, Worf takes her hand, and her scent. She does the same with him, whilst he holds her so tightly her nails draw blood from her palm. We are left to guess what happened next) You still can make jokes. I did not say that. I've noted that some people use humour as a shield. They talk much, yet say little. When one does not have the words We were not ready. No, we were both too young, too unaware. We lacked commitment. No longer. tlhIngan jIH. We are mated. And now we must solemnise our union with the oath. You already are. You would dishonour our sacred traditions? None of which stopped you earlier. That is a human attitude. You are also Klingon! It is our way! tlhIngan jIH! Then this night had no meaning. And that, I will not believe. Your devotion to duty is commendable, if belated. I asked Lieutenant Commander Data to help us analyse the alternatives. Honour demanded no less. Klingons do not surrender. Shields are up. Shields holding. Captain. I have another option. Captain's log, stardate 42901.3. Despite their cloaking shields, we have located the Klingon vessel, T'Ong. In an effort to avoid further confrontation, we're about to implement the option presented by Lieutenant Worf. [Bridge] Captain K'Temoc, have you lost your mind? Halt your vessel and drop your shields. I am Worf, commanding the Enterprise. And it is you who have committed an act of treason by firing upon this ship. You fool! Did it not occur to you that the war would be over by now? Trust your eyes. Or is your brain still stuck in its long slumber? Captain, as you are new to this century, I have tried to be patient. But I will tolerate no further insubordination. Drop your shields. Immediately. Then die in ignorance. I can waste no more time on you. Phasers to full power. Has the T'Ong dropped its shields? Very well. Fire all phasers. A wise decision, Captain. Commander K'Ehleyr will board your ship and take command. The Klingon cruiser P'rang will soon arrive and escort you home. And, Captain Welcome to the twenty fourth century. (Transmission ends. Picard and Riker come out of the Ready room) I return command of the ship to you, Captain. Comfortable chair. One to beam aboard the T'Ong. I relieve you. The Klingon vessel P'rang will rendezvous with you in three days. Is there anything else you require? What needs to be said? And that disturbs you? Nor have I. K'Ehleyr. I will not be complete without you. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Shields up. Sensors do not indicate the presence of any armed space vehicles operating in the Rana system. Life form readings are negative. Two life forms, possibly human. There is one individual is located at the south end of the house, the other toward the north. There is a weapon, a low-yield phaser, nonfunctional, in proximity to the front-room individual. Should I incapacitate him, Commander? Sir. May I say your attempt to hold the away team at bay with a nonfunctioning weapon was an act of unmitigated gall. I admire gall. (Data is looking at ornaments on a shelf) Captain, a search of the Ranian system has determined that the hostile force that attacked this planet is no longer present. Those Andorians did not have to contend with someone of my thoroughness. I will stake my reputation. [Troi's quarters] I, er, cannot explain this, Captain. Open. Aye, sir. The vessel is firing jacketed streams of positrons and antiprotons. Equivalent firepower, forty megawatts. Shields are holding. (Boom, boom) Again, forty megawatts. No damage. Good tea. Nice house. Aye, sir, but they are already within firing range. (Three massive blasts of energy hit the Enterprise) Shields are down. Captain, they hit us with four hundred gigawatts of particle energy. Superficial, but I'm having trouble reassembling the shields. (another hit) Shields down. There is thermal damage to the hull. Shields down. Internal damage. Weapon systems control has been lost. The vessel has terminated its pursuit. It is assuming an orbit around Rana Four. Sir, sensors indicate no spacecraft in the vicinity of Rana Four. But, Captain Evasive action, sir? Weapons, sir? The house has been obliterated. There are no survivors. Aye, sir. (And a single photon does what the salvo could not do earlier. Ka-Boom) Why is it we maintain watch on a planet that is now totally dead? I detect two life forms inside the house. It appears Kevin and Rishon were not destroyed. Captain, he is dangerous!
Which programme is running? I forgot. If that is so, what does the ship want? Where is it taking us? Welcome aboard, Counsellor. Excuse me. Have you finished the puzzle yet? Do you recognise it? I would like to help. Tell me. What exactly are you making? No, I meant the picture. What is it? Are you succeeding, Commander? We do not want any trouble. We are simply passengers. Foundation for what? It's an earthquake. (the wall collapses on top of Deanna, revealing a door with number 1156 etched in the glass.) [Cargo bay] Are you all right? Three tickets for Vertiform City. What was that? What is it? Are you all right? The Conductor accidently derailed the train. There is a braking lever in the engine room.
Commander. Here's another one. This was done by a phaser on a setting of six or seven. I was detained. Sir? [Bridge] Aye, sir. [Bridge] Deflector power banks approaching maximum. Discharge in fifteen seconds. [Engineering] Discharge in three seconds, two, one. (the blue beam streaks out, then dies away) lujpu' jiH'e, Alexandrijn. (he prepares to plunge the dagger into his throat when Troi runs in) You will not stop me. No one can stop me. I am no longer a warrior. I am no longer strong. I feel. I feel fear. Something is waiting for us. I am not strong enough to fight it.
Captain, Klingon attack cruiser de-cloaking, bearing zero one zero mark two three seven. We are being hailed. Captain, I must request permission to send another officer. My dishonour among Klingons may offend Ambassador K'Ehleyr. I withdraw my request, sir. [Transporter room] Two? Energise. (K'Ehleyr is beamed in, with a little boy) [Schoolroom] Perhaps you're not aware of my dishonour. I have accepted discommendation. You may not respect our traditions, but I do. Must I ask the question? There is no honour in attacking the weak. No. You must earn victory. [Corridor] There are no others on board. The Federation and the Klingon Empire were enemies for many years. No other Klingons have asked to serve in Starfleet. A warrior does not ask so many questions. He knows nothing of our ways! He is Klingon! Why did you not tell me? You should not have kept this from me. I cannot acknowledge my relationship to the boy. It would only harm him. As my son, he would also bear my disgrace, as would his children. My father was accused of collaborating with the Romulans at Khitomer. Yes at first. Ultimately I withdrew my challenge. On our way, Commander. [Bridge] You have made it clear that I am to perform my regular duties, sir. Thank you, sir. Permission to speak freely, sir? Duras must not be allowed to lead the council. It is not personal, sir. His father betrayed my people to the Romulans. Duras is a traitor. To preserve the Empire. Sir? A Klingon would not use poison. His murder would have no honour. Well, I know little of Gowron. Only that he is an outsider who has often challenged the Council. But Duras? I know him. His heart is not Klingon. [K'mpec's quarters] (K'mpec's body is still sitting in his chair. Picard and K'Ehleyr stand beside it. She is holding a painstick.) I have not received your report on the explosion. As Head of Security, it is my duty to be concerned. You know my feelings. You were right. I would have insisted we take the oath. But not just because of tradition. jIH dok. No, I cannot allow you to suffer my humiliation. But what of the boy? He may want to live in the Empire someday. He would be an outcast. Another traitor from a family of traitors. Respect my wishes in this matter. I cannot take the oath with you. Nor can I claim your son. A bat'leth. It belonged to my father. It has been in our family for ten generations. No, no, no. Do not think of it as a weapon. Make it part of your hand. Part of your arm. Make it part of you. [Observation lounge] (K'Ehleyr is working alone when Gowron of the bug-eyes enters) It would be impossible. Captain, I disagree. It must be Duras. Yes, sir. Captain, they will be incensed. My presence will be disruptive. What did your investigations reveal about the explosion? And was your analysis just as insightful? What type? What about the detonator? Fortunately, our investigation was more thorough. The bomb used a molecular-decay detonator. Aye, sir. When we have more time I will take you to the holodeck and demonstrate in more detail [K'Ehleyr's quarters] (Worf and Alexander enter to find a broken table and K'Ehleyr lying across a chair. There is blood) Medical emergency, deck eight, room one four two! (Worf takes K'Ehleyr in his arms. She is very badly injured and can barely whisper) Gowron? Duras! K'Ehleyr. K'Ehleyr! (He does the death roar, which frightens Alexander, then lays her on the floor) You have never seen death. Then look. And always remember. (Crusher arrives with an assistant) Stay with the doctor. Duras. K'Ehleyr was my mate. (Duras takes a sword) [Corridor] Then that is how it shall be. (Finally, Worf knocks Duras to the floor. The door opens to reveal Riker and Data) Sir, I have acted within the boundaries of Klingon law and tradition. No, sir. Each member of the Klingon High Council has shared in that lie. They will not be so willing to admit their own dishonour. But the day will come when my brother and I will convince them to speak the truth. [Worf's quarters] My parents, my human parents, will meet us at Starbase seventy three. They will care for you. You deserve a home, a family. They can provide that I cannot. I miss her too. Yes. I am your father. (and they hug) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Hailing frequencies opened. (nice new heavy baldric) Not the best way to meet your new Captain. [Turbolift] (Wesley has come out of the lift and gone straight back in with Picard) Captain, obviously the pregnancy must be terminated for the safety of the ship and crew. That is the safest assumption. If the foetus is aborted, laboratory analysis is still possible. Hailing frequencies open. I will accept that responsibility.
Commander Riker, you will be out of shield range in five seconds. Sir, an unidentified ship is emerging from the limb of the moon. It claims to be an escort vessel from the Beta moon. They do not answer, sir. Captain, they are loading its phaser banks. [Shuttlecraft] Captain, the emissaries. Worf to Captain Picard. The Governor and the two representatives have returned. I will escort them to the Observation Lounge. Captain, I am receiving a message from the ship carrying the Trill host. No, they are experiencing difficulty. They do not anticipate their arrival for another nine hours. Doctor. Yes. Doctor?
It is my understanding that in most human families, the woman shares in the cooking. Delicious. Sensors indicate there is at least one life form on board the shuttle, sir. Humanoid. Communication is not possible, sir. The shuttle is without power. We are closing on shuttlecraft, sir. Yet there are no Federation bases or vessels in this area. How is this possible? Maximum range. [Shuttlebay two] Nor I. The last thing you would do is leave the Bridge of the Enterprise during an emergency. Sensors indicated no other vessels, Federation or otherwise, in this area. There is the theory of the moebius. A twist in the fabric of space where time becomes a loop from which there is no escape. Maximum scan. Nothing unusual to report. Captain to the Bridge. [Bridge] This energy vortex has just appeared beneath us. There was no warning. (Pretty blue swirly thing on the viewscreen. The Enterprise is sitting at the top of a space tornado) All decks have reported. No damage. No injuries. Aye, sir. (The probe is intercepted by an energy bolt and destroyed) Photon torpedoes locked on target. All decks have reported in. No damage, no casualties.
Phasers locked on target. Terminating the beam. [Engineering]
The X-ray burst is disrupting systems, Captain. I'm adjusting deflectors to compensate. [Engineering] Engineering, increase power to forward shields. All systems operational, sir. Captain, I have intercepted what appears to be a distress signal. It is a freighter, very old. Captain, the freighter's orbit is decaying. A matter of minutes. Captain, the freighter's orbit continues to deteriorate. The freighter has entered the planet's atmosphere. Disintegration is imminent. One minute, twenty eight seconds. Sir, the hull temperature of the freighter is passing three thousand degrees. Sir, the freighter is disintegrating.
Captain, a distress call from Professor Galen's shuttle. On screen. Transmission has been blocked. A Yridian destroyer. Aye, sir. The shuttle is enveloped by a tractor beam. The transporter cannot penetrate it. They are not responding. (the Enterprise rocks under weapons fire) I don't understand, Commander. The phaser blast was not powerful enough to destroy the ship. Were the Yridians able to get these number blocks? No, sir. We detected no transmissions. We are about to enter the Indri system, sir. Some kind of plasma reaction is consuming the lower atmosphere. No, sir. The reaction is global. Aye. They are hailing us. Captain, a Klingon attack cruiser decloaking off the starboard bow. They are hailing us. Direct hit on our port nacelle. They are powering up for another volley. They are firing. (everything shakes as the Cardassians target the nacelle again and fly off) The Cardassian vessels have set a course for Rahm Izad. And you have been shadowing us ever since. If you fire, others will also. Many will die. (Crusher hands Picard her scan results and he adds them to his tricorder)
Commander, what is that? (It is a revolving door, with art nouveau decoration. No building, just the turning door and it's frame) What is this place? How did a being like you get here? We call it Theta Eight. You mean they're not alive? These beings, are they machines, or mere illusions designed to deceive us? Permission to use phaser, sir. Phasers are totally ineffective on all surfaces. Perhaps those turbolifts could take us there. (Of course, the doors don't open automatically for them) Seems to be malfunctioning. (Data presses the button) [Hotel corridor] What a terrible way to die. Commander. Commander. Some curiosities. Yes? There is a female voice asking if we want room service. No. She said the kitchen will be open twenty four hours if we change our minds. Isn't that enough?
I've tried. No response. Sir, receiving another signal of a vessel leaving orbit of Solarion Four. New frequency, low band, audio only. This ship is prepared to defend itself if necessary. Yes, sir. (Worf leaves) Check the transport log. Maintain tricorder security link. He admits responsibility for dozens of attacks on Cardassian targets. Why should we believe him about Solarion Four? He fears our reprisal. If they did not attack Solarion Four, then who did? And why would anyone want to falsely implicate the Bajora? The Bajoran vessel is moving up from the surface, Captain. Audio channel open. The ship does not have visual capabilities. Cardassian warships, Galor class, type three. They're increasing power to their forward weapon grid. Open. The Cardassians are within visual range. They are hailing us, sir. The Cardassians are moving toward the Bajoran vessel, Captain. The Bajoran ship has been destroyed.
I think the one over there knows something. He would not admit to having seen the Captain, but he said that anyone who visited the ruins of Nafir would probably come here eventually. I suspect he knows more. Commander, I told I explained to him that we are looking for a man who impregnated your sister. And how much more latinum will it take to offset this risk? Who were these aliens? A weapon discharge? Commander, I am receiving a transmission from Admiral Chekote at Starbase two twenty seven. Aye, sir. [Ready room] Which could indicate a base or a ship. Commander! I found something. (a pottery urn and other things in the sand) Sir, the mercenaries have beamed away. They must have a base or a ship nearby. Can the sensors locate anything? [Bridge] Sir, they have taken Commander Riker. We must do something. We cannot just sit here. The search teams have reported in. They found several archaeological sites. Each one has been looted. The Romulans? The leader of the group that attacked us was Romulan. Perhaps they are controlling the mercenaries. Direct hit on their aft deflectors. They are undamaged. Open. Commander, we are receiving some kind of signal from the mercenary ship. These are Commander Riker's access codes. He is attempting to shut down our shields. Sir, we would be totally defenceless. Sir, as soon as they see Aye, sir. [Mercenary Bridge]
Romulans? Magnetic clutter is increasing. I cannot make an accurate determination. Captain. (Data is in a red uniform) Captain, warbird uncloaking. Captain, the Decius is hailing us. The Admiral wishes to speak to you. In combat.
Captain. Communication from Starfleet. They have reported a disturbance in the Neutral Zone. A battle. Quadrant nine, coordinates zero seven zero, mark three. There's no information who is involved. They are asking if we can investigate. Negative, sir. Nothing yet, sir. Captain, possible life signs. The readings emanate from a location near what is left of main Engineering. There is a great deal of magnetic and radioactive clutter making a positive determination difficult. This is the Bridge. We are receiving. The signal is strong. Sir, the Engineering section is critical. Destruction of the Batris is imminent. Captain. Request permission to join you. Debris is still being analysed. Aye, sir. The weapons were not Ferengi. I am Lieutenant Worf. Yes. Still, your weapons were limited and their ship superior. Permission to show our guests to their quarters, Captain. As far as I know, I am the only one. Why do you mock me? Why do you wish to anger me? It is. [Sickbay] If the opponent was not an enemy, who was it? Tell me. What really happened? Through an act of kindness. The Romulans attacked the Khitomer outpost. Everyone was killed. I was buried under the rubble and left for dead. A human Starfleet officer found me. He took me to his home on Gault and told his wife to raise me as his son. Before the age of inclusion. When my foster brother and I were of age, we entered the Starfleet Academy. He hated it and returned to Gault. I stayed. Hardly none. Yes. Yes, those feelings are part of me. But I control them. They do not rule me. I have been in battle. Yes, I do. You did not battle the Ferengi. You destroyed a Klingon vessel? Yes, of course. [Bridge] Perhaps your dreams of glory no longer fit the time. They belong buried with the past. Yes. When relieved of its bulk, the Enterprise becomes an exceptional weapon. What is the problem? Oh? That is not our way. Cowards take hostages. Klingons do not. [Brig] They will be tried and executed, sir. Thank you, sir. Are there no other options, sir? Captain. Request permission to address the Captain on the Klingon vessel. I know it is against standard procedure, but there is something I must say. K'Mongi B'Mus. To plead. Yes, they must be punished, but not executed with dishonour. What burns in their eyes, fires my soul. I hear their words, and I see it all as it was. Part of me longs for that time. Then send them to a planet in the Halee system, where they can meet death on their feet with a weapon in their hands, not tied and helpless. Yes. Sir. Captain, permission to leave the Bridge. Captain, let me talk to him. He will wait only as long as he believes it is to his advantage. The moment it is not, he will fire his phaser into the dilithium crystal chamber. Yes. He knows. What will work? Captain Picard will not comply. Put down the phaser. Believe it. My brother, it is you who does not see. You look for battles in the wrong place. The test of the warrior is not without, it is within. Here, here we meet the challenge. It is the weaknesses in here a warrior must overcome. You have talked of glory and of conquest and legends we will write. Yet in all you say, where are the words duty, honour, loyalty. Without which a warrior is nothing. Put down the phaser. Perhaps not. (And he shoots Korris, who falls through a glass screen to the floor below) Yes, Commander? They died well. I am honoured. Thank you. (end transmission) I was just being polite, sir. Really. I have no desire to leave the Enterprise.
Captain, sensors indicate a disturbance near the outpost on Melona Four. I cannot tell. We are still too far away. It could be an electrical storm. Aye, sir. Captain, there is no response from Melona colony, but the disturbance in the atmosphere is increasing. At current speed, twenty seven hours. Sir, the disturbance on Melona is becoming more intense. Still no response, sir. Six hours. [Cave] (later, the air is starting to run out) Commander? Commander Riker, are you there? I cannot, sir. There is no response. Sir, the Brechtian Cluster is now five light years away. Sir. A large mass approaching at warp speed. Yes, sir.
Enter. No, sir. My apologies, Captain. I can be back in uniform It is not time yet. I have been told that patience is sometimes a more effective weapon than the sword. I have grown weary of bearing this dishonour. No escort was scheduled. [Bridge] Dismissed. (the transporter technician leaves) I would speak with you. I am not a traitor. I accepted discommendation to protect the Empire. It was Duras' father who betrayed our people to the Romulans at Khitomer, not mine. There is. His family was too powerful. To expose him would have split the Empire. Instead, the Council chose to blame my father. I believe you to be a man of honour, Gowron. I ask you, restore my family name. But after your installation Guinan? You? Practise? I practice at level fourteen. Not a good bet today. Klingons do not laugh. (he misses) He is a child and part human. I do not laugh because I do not feel like laughing. Perhaps it says that I do not feel like other Klingons. (another miss) He is having difficulty adjusting to life on Earth. It will not be easy for him. Captain, I request a leave of absence. Thank you, sir. Too long. We have much to discuss. I have asked Gowron to restore our family honour. He has refused. What do you mean? You will? How can this be done? No. Gowron has completed the Rite of Succession. It is our duty to support him. We cannot regain honour by acting dishonourably. I am the elder brother, Kurn. I speak for our family. We will back Gowron. But not now. Not yet. We will wait until he feels the grasp of his enemies around his throat. Then we will offer him our support. And the price will be the restoration of our family name. Contact me when you have gained their support. Then I will be ready for Gowron. Captain's log, stardate 44996.8. My role as Arbiter of Succession has again brought me to the Great Hall of the Klingon High Council. [Great Hall] Do you know the strength of our enemies? Gowron is nearly out of options. Soon he will have no choice Everything we have on the Khitomer massacre. No, sir. Yes, sir. Sir, those Federation records will help me prove that my father was falsely accused of treason. Do not tie my hands now. I must be able to prove my father's innocence. Those Federation records can do that. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. Your forces are weak, Gowron. You need help to fight the family of Duras. I offer you four Klingon squadrons. They are pledged to support my brother, Kurn. Yes. His true bloodlines were hidden to protect him. I am the elder brother. He will do as I say. You know my price. They will not intervene. I can ask nothing more of him in this matter. My duty as a Starfleet officer Override engaged. Disruptors still not responding. [Bridge] Disruptors online. No. Don't you see? Their sensors will detect the weapons lock. If they think we're helpless, they will try to board the ship. I can aim and fire disruptors manually when they drop their shields. Thirty five thousand kellicams. Twenty thousand kellicams. Now within transporter range. They're dropping their shields. Firing on second target. Disruptors offline. Incoming message. The enemy has sustained major damage to its life support systems They have disengaged. Captain, we must intervene. The Duras family is corrupt and hungry for power with no sense of honour or loyalty. They represent a grave threat to the security of the Federation. Captain, you and I know that they have conspired with Romulans in the past. If they should be victors in this war, they will surely form a new Klingon-Romulan alliance. That would represent a fundamental shift of power in this quadrant. Starfleet must support Gowron. It is in the interests of both the Federation and the Empire. I beg you, support us in our cause. Captain, I respectfully request that I be allowed to take an extended leave of absence. Captain. Then I resign my commission as a Starfleet officer. (Worf puts his comm. badge on the table) Enter. No, sir. As weapons officer. Thank you, sir. I was rescued from Khitomer by humans. Raised and loved by human parents. I've spent most of my life around humans, fought beside them. But I was born a Klingon. My heart is of that world. I do hear the cry of the warrior. I belong with my people. Thank you, sir. [Corridor] (Worf and Picard exit the turbolift to find the way to the transporter room lined with crewmembers, last one being Guy Vardeman) Permission to leave the ship, sir? Goodbye. (and Worf is beamed away)
Captain. Doctor. I have the coordinates of Ambassador Mauric's chambers. Enterprise to Kes Security Relay Station One. We're ready to commence transport. Confirmed. This is the Enterprise. We have completed the transport sequence. You should have them. Commander. The Transporter sensor log shows an unusual concentration of antigraviton particles in the emitter coil. Why does the Prytt want Captain Picard and Doctor Crusher? Aye, sir. [Cell] (Picard is testing the bars on the window very carefully) We can determine their communications frequencies and establish a link. Is there a problem, Ambassador? I can assure you there is no need. As Security Chief of the Enterprise, I would be glad to assist you in any way possible. Sir, we are being hailed. It is the Prytt Security Council. Their weapon systems pose no threat to the Enterprise. Aye, sir. Where are they now? It is possible they have been recaptured. Aye, sir.
Captain. (they speak over each other) After you, sir. No sir. I believe you spoke first. The computer needs your authorisation to disable command functions during the baryon sweep. Captain, incoming message. It's the station administrator, Mister Orton. Captain. Request permission to be excused from Commander Hutchinson's reception. I found it. Someone put it in a maintenance locker. Captain, you keep a saddle on board? Of course. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Forward velocity is down by point two percent, and dropping. This area is not designated for children. Are you lost? Where are you supposed to be? Return to your quarters, and we will forget this incident. Forward velocity is dropping, Captain. Down by point four percent. Forward velocity down by one point one percent. We are no longer losing speed. Forward velocity is holding steady. Warp field generators are standing by. Captain, forward velocity is down by point six percent. (shudder) Velocity down by two point four percent. Forward velocity holding. Worf here, sir. And a blue dress. [Bridge] Yes sir, I have seen her. Two days ago, near Engineering. She was with Miss Sutter. Aye, sir. (Alyssa and Clara enter) Sir, something is heading toward us, bearing one oh three mark oh two four. Shield strength dropping to seventy five percent. Seventy two percent. Shield strength has dropped to sixty four percent.
Contact reestablished with Ventax Two, sir. The trouble is at the transmission source, sir. They are transmitting again. Aye, sir. Sir, you run the risk of being taken as an additional hostage Yes, sir. You are not Fek'lhr. (she transforms into a drooling monster) But her powers? Go ahead. The Captain? But I have no Aye, sir. We're locked on to you. [Bridge] Transporter is malfunctioning, Captain. [Science station] Some sort of interference. Checking. Did you say uniform? Aye, sir. [Shuttlecraft]
I am aware of that, Commander. However, Ensign D'Amato directly challenged my authority. I hadn't noticed. [Ten Forward] (And they walk straight into an old-fashioned bar brawl) I see what you mean. (Worf stops two men strangling Geordi) Security team to Ten Forward.
The man acted dishonourably. He is a traitor. That does not excuse his original actions. [Transporter room] Aye, sir. [Ready room] Captain, he has deceived us. Was he a Romulan? Captain, he could be leading us into a trap. Captain, we are being hailed. Aye, sir. Yes, sir. Captain, they have fired on us. (three figures are beamed onto the bridge) We sustained a direct hit, but the damage was negligible. The disruptor had almost no power.
Sir, the Engineering section is critical. Destruction of the Batris is imminent.
Still no sign of the structure. I am detecting a faint energy reading. The decay rate indicates it could be human. Commander. (it's the building, and they're surrounded by Borg) [Caverns] So you blame us for what has happened to the Borg? I cannot accept that. Lore is only one. The Borg could have stopped him. Even if that voice insists on controlling you. Show us. If we can determine the geography of the compound, we can form a rescue plan. [Lore's lab] (Geordi is strapped down on a metal frame that's raising) We can use the environmental control ducts to get into the compound. They should lead us to the detention area.
Captain, phasers are set for wide dispersal, ten percent maximum power. The beam will automatically terminate once the comet's core is reached. Phasers have terminated. (and now we see a curiously elegant alien construction, several times the size of the Enterprise) Aye, sir. [Ready room] (there is a collection of new artefacts on Picard's desk) We have been receiving reports from the rest of the ship. Part of deck twelve is now an aqueduct. Sir, our weapon control systems are inoperative. However, we could reconfigure a photon torpedo for manual launch. Less than point seven percent. Sir, the onboard power systems are not functioning. Engineering to Bridge. Emergency transport. Two to beam out. [Bridge] (it's dark and there are vines and stones here too) Captain. The entire deck has been cleared of personnel. We may proceed. There is no one else here. (Troi scans the Maya-esque structure) How will she do that? The symbol suggests antlers of some kind. Horns. Maybe it is meant to represent an animal. But now it appears as though Masaka's sun is chasing it. I see. Masaka and Korgano switching positions. The sun setting and the moon rising. But would we be any better off with him? She will not even listen to us. I estimate we have less than two hours before there is nothing left of the ship. At least, nothing we can recognise. [Temple]
Captain, did you request a course correction? Captain. Force fields have been established on all main Bridge turbolift doors and service crawlways. Aye, sir. The isolinear subprocessor extends three point five metres. J14 baker backs onto science station two, Commander. Yes, sir. Life support has been re-established. He's activated a force field, sir. He has blocked every subspace channel, sir. We cannot even call for help. Yes, sir. I order you to stop. No, no, that's too close. [Transporter room] Captain, we are in. Computer, restore tactical station. It won't answer to my clearance, sir. Sensors are operative. No fix on Data, but I am picking up a single life form on the surface, sir. It appears human. Something else. A small vessel, entering orbit. I detect no lifeforms aboard, sir. [Soong's lab] (Data is rubbing his stomach while patting his head) We have control of sensors, life support and auxiliary power, Captain. Nothing more. The human is here. No way of knowing.
Mmm. Delicious. It is cellular peptide cake with mint frosting. Would you like a bite? (the telephone is ringing) You must have overslept. Captain, incoming message from Admiral Nakamura. Aye, sir. [Engineering] (Tyler appears at Geordi's elbow) Ever since you gave Alexander that music programme, he's been playing it all night, every night. It is screeching, pounding, dissonance. It is not music. Commander. I will have to confiscate your sidearm. Yes. Your animal? Of course. Spot, come here. I understand. I will feed him. I scanned the vicinity with an IP scanner. There is no sign of any similar creatures, or any unusual interphasic activity. With mint frosting.
Commander, the shuttlecraft is gone. There is no one on board. We're ready, Commander. Commander, there are DNA traces here. Klingon. Yes, but I only found DNA from one Klingon so far. I will continue to scan. [Aquiel's quarters] (Geordi is looking at Aquiel's novel) Governor Torak, sir. Then the remains we found must be those of Lieutenant Rocha. If that is true, then Morag or some other Klingon must have boarded the station after she left. We found traces of Klingon DNA on the station. Have the courage to admit your mistakes. Or are you a lo'Be Vos? Commander. It is set to kill. [Guest quarters] That means that someone deliberately changed the setting. And then there is the matter of your conflict with Lieutenant Rocha. Aye, sir. This way. [Relay Station ops] Do you think this is what happened with your hand? I do not understand. How often do they have to change bodies? There was one other person on the station. Morag. It is possible he was the one who was absorbed. Where did she go? Aye, sir. [Aquiel's quarters] (the Canar is glowing, changing colour, and La Forge is grinning) Do not move. You will come with me. [Aquiel's quarters]
Ops is a very different challenge from Tactical. I recommended you. No, sir. I detect no vessels in the vicinity. Sir, I am detecting an object five metres in length. It appears to be an escape pod. Fifty thousand kilometres. Twenty. Well, I must say I disagree, sir. It is your decision, sir, but I am certain if you give Ensign Sito a chance to prove herself, she will not disappoint you. Fold. I do not believe he is bluffing. Flush. Dismissed. Ensign Sito. I also teach an advanced class. I believe you may be ready to participate. However, before you can join the group, you must pass the gik'tal. Yes. It is a very ancient Klingon ritual. It tests your knowledge of the forms of the mok'bara. No. No practise. That is part of the ritual. The test must be unannounced. (Worf blindfolds her) Can you see? Good. The gik'tal has begun. Defend yourself. (of course, he easily throws her) You must anticipate my attack. Defend yourself. (once again, she has no idea where he is before she lands on her back) Are you listening, Ensign? Defend yourself. (and a third time) You did not anticipate. (Sito removes the blindfold) Stop making excuses. Replace the blindfold. Very good, Ensign. You have passed the challenge. It takes courage to say the test is unfair. You speak Klingon. No, there is not. But perhaps next time you are judged unfairly, it will not take so many bruises for you protest. [Ready room] We have distressed the shuttle so that it appears to have been fired upon. Be certain you understand the risk you are taking. If you are captured Good luck. Sir, I recommend we launch a probe to increase the range of our sensor sweeps. Aye, sir. Probe launched, sir. What? I appreciate what you are trying to do, but it is not appropriate. You were her friends. I was only her commanding officer.
Is there any indication that this is the work of an unknown intelligence? Is this part of your regular duties? Such as? Interesting. Would these scans also detect artificial transmissions as well as naturally occurring signals? Good. Good. [Corridor] There are no options. The Prime Directive is not a matter of degrees. It is an absolute. To Data. She cannot ask for help from someone she does not know. We're modifying class one probes so they become resonators. We will then use torpedo casings to protect them once they begin burrowing beneath the surface. The Enterprise will monitor and adjust the frequency of the resonators. Sir, three minutes to resonator launch. One minute to launch. Ten seconds. Firing torpedoes. (Four balls of red light streak away) Torpedoes have reached their targets.
On screen, sir. No warp drive. Minimal weaponry. None. No life signs. Incoming message from the Angosian Prime Minister. Sir, the Angosians have no cloaking technology. Sensors detect a massive power build up in his aft thrusters. On screen. Security team, report to transporter room four. Captain, the Angosian transport vessel has arrived. Release of the force field and activation of the transporter will be virtually simultaneous. There will only be a point one second difference between them. There will be a full security contingent present. O'Brien, increase transporter power. (Danar gets a hand out of the beam) [Transporter room] Captain, a phaser is missing. [Brig] We must assume that he is armed. [Bridge] We're in position. (The turbolift door opens and there a high-pitched whining, but no person) Phaser on overload! Seal this deck. (Worf steps into the lift to deactivate the phaser) [Bridge] Captain, the overload has been averted. [Corridor] (Back where Danar first spotted the guard, he now knocks the man out and uses his comm. badge) Acknowledged, Commander. We're on our way. [Bridge] Geordi! Acknowledged. We believe he is attempting to reach shuttlebay two. There is a full contingent of security at all shuttlebays. Acknowledged. [Cargo bay] Worf to Bridge. We have found no sign of the intruder. But there is a missing pressure suit [Bridge] From cargo bay three. Aye, sir. I'll also cover the photon torpedo launchers. Danar may attempt to leave the ship that way. Worf out. (But Danar is hiding behind some cargo, not wearing the pressure suit. When he hears the doors closing, he comes out and doesn't see Worf hiding) Danar! You are cunning. You must have Klingon blood. But the battle is over. Worf to Bridge. I have Danar. (The hidden phaser explodes, the lights go out, and Danar jumps Worf) [Bridge] Worf to Bridge. Danar has escaped. [Bridge] He used a phaser to power the cargo transporter. Coordinates indicate he beamed aboard the Angosian transport ship. Priority channel cleared. I understand, Commander. [Angosian Senate] (Weapons are being handed out in a hurry) Did you reveal that risk to the men who volunteered for service?
There may still be a residual discharge. Stand clear. [Cargo bay] I would like my hair trimmed. Not like last time. I had a similar response, but to a pair of scissors. I may have. I do not have a distinct memory of it. It was elevated? A platform. No, the table was smaller. And it was inclined. Computer, decrease the table's surface area by twenty percent and incline the top fifteen degrees. There was something attached to it. A tool of some sort. Scissor-like. Computer, produce a pair of scissors attached to the armature. The handle is wrong. It was not scissors. Computer, make the handle a single grip ten centimetres long, solid metal. Now make one blade longer, curved inward. And give the other blade a jagged edge. Captain, sensors indicate that Lieutenant Hagler has returned to the Enterprise. He is in his quarters, deck seven, section nineteen. [Corridor] (outside quarters 09-1947, Lt Hagler) Perhaps we could construct a homing device. Something that our sensors could track. Captain. Commander Riker has been taken from the Enterprise. [Alien lab] (Riker is on the metal table, wicked knife pointing at his throat and clicking sounds from shrouded figures. Rager is on another table, with her eyes staring and large tubes coming out of an arm. One of the figures comes over and removes Riker's phaser, leaving the restraint open.) [Engineering]
Negative, sir. A fraction of a second would make them invisible? Some kind of guerilla war? If we find Commander Data, it may be our fate to die with him in the past. If our remains are in that cavern, they would have turned to dust long ago. [Ten Forward] (Guinan is concocting a drink, sprinkling stuff in and stirring carefully) Sir, as Chief of Security, my place is at your side. Yes, sir. Worf to Enterprise. Beam me up. (Worf is beamed away)
No sir, but it has assumed a relative position and it is holding course with us. Sir, I am detecting a low-level nucleonic beam coming from the probe. Sir, the beam is penetrating our shields. We should destroy the probe. Phasers are armed and ready. The Captain is under attack. We must act. Yes, Commander.
We are picking up a subspace signal, Captain. Sensors indicate a small spacecraft ahead. Within visual range. No discernable armament. Reading one lifeform aboard. No response, Captain. Sir, the scans are now matching the frequency of our optical data network. It could be an attempt to access our computer system. The scanning signal has penetrated our shields. Yes. Phaser power status, intruder scan, torpedo guidance. But they do not appear to be operable. Perhaps we should not jump to conclusions. I am decorated as well. Perhaps we were engaged in battle. Bridge to all personnel. Select a representative from your group to contact the Bridge and report on your status. [Sickbay] Remain where you are and stay calm. Bridge out. I have completed a survey of our tactical systems. We are equipped with ten phaser banks, two hundred and fifty photon torpedoes, and a high capacity shield grid. It appears so. Very well. Proceed. Engineering is working on accessing the control systems. As soon as the ship is operational, we must make it combat ready. I disagree. We must first make ourselves ready for battle. That is the highest priority. Go ahead. [Engineering] Well done. Now we are ready. We now have full tactical control. A full diagnostic would require us to take our systems offline. We would be defenceless. Proceed with the diagnostic. (Crusher enters) What have you found, Doctor? We are currently running a full diagnostic. Computer resources are limited. Bridge to survey team. We have accessed the personnel files. Report to the Bridge immediately. Captain. I regret my recent behaviour. I assumed an attitude of authority that was unwarranted. Thank you, Captain. [Observation lounge] If we use subspace radio we will be detected. He's right, Captain. Our choice is clear. Captain, we have crossed the Lysian border. Aye, sir. Captain, I am picking up a vessel directly ahead. Within visual range. The destroyer is increasing its speed. They are moving to intercept. They are matching our manoeuvres. Captain, the ship is hailing us again. Shields up. The ship has been destroyed. The Lysian Central Command would have received any transmission from the destroyer by now. You wished to see me, sir? I thought this as well. You're concerned about the Captain? Aye, sir. Shields up. Phasers locked on targets. We have yet to encounter any battleships. They may lie ahead. Aye, sir.
Captain, I am receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. Admiral Holt. Captain, the Raman is descending toward the planet.
Klingons appreciate strong women. Trouble, Captain? Hmm, yes. Slightly reminiscent of night blooming throgni, Captain. From home. Quite stimulating, wouldn't you say? Bridge to Captain Picard. The away team requests that we scan the planet surface for traces of platinum. Aye, Captain. Geordi. I think I may sneeze. Only kind I know. (Picard and Crusher enter) Scanners indicate a platinum trace. Should I notify the away team? Engineering reports a computer malf (sneeze) I'm sorry, I'm getting sick. With all respect, Lieutenant, there are people to do that job now.
What is it? A warrior's drink. I would require a Klingon woman for companionship. Earth females are too fragile. Impossible. Then I will never know. I was merely concerned for the safety of my crewmates. On my way. (Worf leaves) Captain! Something's happening. A new change in sensor readings. (Picard turns to face us, blocking our view of the back of the Bridge) Readings fluctuated momentarily. It appeared to be a ship, but then it vanished.
Sir, we would be totally defenceless. Direct hit to the port nacelle. Only minimal damage. Hit to the starboard nacelle. Still, no appreciable damage. Aye, sir. [Mercenary Bridge] Sir, we cannot be able to track them with our sensors if they go to warp. I can still disable them Two starships have been sent to intercept the mercenaries at Yadalla Prime and Draken Four, in case they attempt to attack those planets. So, we are just going to remain here? If we had not let them to escape, this would not be necessary. Their maximum speed is warp eight point seven. It will take them at least fourteen hours to reach that position. Finally. Set course for the Hyralan Sector and engage at warp nine. Of course. [Ready room] May I ask in what way? With all due respect, sir, I have always felt free to voice my opinions even when they differ from those of Captain Picard or Commander Riker. But is it not my duty to offer you alternatives? No, sir. I would prefer to remain at my current post. Aye, sir. Sir, it is I who has jeopardised our friendship, not you. If you will overlook this incident, I would like to continue to consider you my friend. Thank you, sir. [Picard's room] (Picard pulls a weapon as the door opens) A Toron class shuttlecraft. One person. Sir, may I recommend that we bring the shuttle aboard with our tractor beam, search it, and interrogate Koral. Yes, sir. However, the Treaty does give us the right to conduct health and safety inspections of any ship in our space. Yes, sir. Aye, sir. [Shuttlebay] (Koral is the tallest Klingon in the galaxy, standing head and shoulders above the shuttlecraft hatch, let alone Worf) He must be hiding something. We should download his computer memory and analyse it. We could claim that the computer was generating abnormal radiation signatures. What is going on? I do not know what you're talking about. Security will not allow you to get that far. Worf to Commander Riker. Minister Satok of Vulcan Security is standing by on a secure channel.
DaiMon Tog has returned to his vessel and the Ferengi have left orbit. I hear she handled the situation quite skillfully. An admirable woman. Subspace interference is subsiding, sir. Communications have been restored. Message coming in from Betazed, sir. Priority One. When you have finished here, survey in that direction. Mister Homn was no help? The difficult question is where. Captain, the Bradbury is hailing us. They can no longer delay their departure. Captain. The Bradbury has informed us they can wait no longer for Mister Crusher to come aboard. (Wesley dashes in) Signal source located, Captain. Frequencies open. DaiMon Tog responding. Open. Lwaxana Troi has beamed down to Betazed, Captain. Aye, sir. (Wesley enters in his new red uniform)
Bridge here. I suppose that is acceptable. Wesley. Tarvokian pound cake. I made it myself. We've reached the designated coordinates, Captain. There is a ship bearing three two seven mark one five two on an intercept course. The vessel is approaching, Captain. I am attempting to isolate him with thermal sensors. Unfortunately, he knows our procedures. He will avoid corridors and public areas. Commander, an unidentified heat source. Deck seven, section twenty three. There. [Jefferies tube] (Wesley crawls along, only to meet Worf coming the other way. He turns and dashes back again but gets trapped between Worf and Riker at an intersection) Engaging tractor beam. Captain, we are being hailed by the alien vessel. Their weapons systems are substantially inferior to ours. They are not a threat.
Forward tubes armed and ready, Captain. A direct hit, sir. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. Captain, I am unable to get a positive lock with the tractor beam. There is magnetic field interference emanating from the core materials. Aye, sir. Particle beam activated. The target has been destroyed, Captain. My instructions were clear. Before he was allowed to play, he was to place his soiled clothing in the garment reprocessor. You were specifically told that. You know very well the same rules apply today that You suggest bribery. I do (softer) I do not yell. Very well. But you have to agree. That is what an agreement is. Counsellor Troi, excuse the intrusion, but we're having some difficulty drawing up our contract. Mrs. Troi. The boy is unreasonable. It is Worf, Madam. He will be sanctioned, yes. I? Not perform my duty?! Alexander. Be patient, she says. (doorbell) Come. I can't believe this. (he notices that Troi has entered) Isn't Alexander supposed to be with you? Computer, what is the location of Alexander Rozhenko? We have an intermittent failure of the inertial damping system. Negative, sir. Eat, son. What are you doing? What is that noise? That is enough, please. It is your dinner hour. Eat. Will you stop doing that, please? Alexander, eat your food. Wisdom will wait, I assure you. A Klingon ever breaks his word. Where are you going? I did not mean now. Now just sit down and eat. Understand later. Just eat. Mrs. Troi, it is Alexander's dinner hour. Alexander, you will return to our quarters and have dinner. Definitely not. My son is to return to quarters. Captain, we've dropped to warp five point seven. Aye, sir. [Engineering] We must evacuate decks twenty through twenty four, Captain. Aye, sir. Captain's log, stardate 45733.6. Temporary repairs to the ship have been completed. Our attention now turns to matters of a more festive nature. [Ten Forward] (Erko checks the corridor again) You're just supposed to sit here? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Klingons do not allow themselves to be probed. I am not fearful. On my way, sir. [Riker's quarters] (Worf finds Will slumped across his desk) Medical log, stardate 45431.7. Commander Riker is the second officer who has fallen into an unexplained coma. I have examined the Ullians and ruled out the possibility that they carry a harmful organism. [Observation lounge] What is Iresine syndrome? Commander Riker and Counsellor Troi were in perfect health until the Ullians arrived. It would be wise to quarantine the aliens.
Probe is launched. What is that? That is a woman's game. All those wild cards. They support a weak hand. A man's game has no wild cards. Yes. The J'naii. They bother me. They just do. They're all alike. No males, no females. What are you saying, Doctor? A human and a J'naii? Impossible. With all these wild cards, it is difficult to know exactly what is in my hand. However, I will open with fifty. [Shuttlecraft] Lieutenant Worf. (Riker hides the case) Commander, I have the plan for deploying warning buoys around the null space. Yes, sir. Commander, I am aware of what transpired on the planet surface. Are you by any chance considering an unannounced visit? I will go with you. Sir, you are my commanding officer. If you order me to stay on board, I will obey. But I ask you not to give that order. A warrior does not let a friend face danger alone. [Courtyard] (we are watching a group of people in a room, through binoculars)
It was in the hands of the Klingons that the novel attained its full stature.
I don't know how you transferred secret information to the Romulans, but I will find out. When we inform the Klingon High Council, they will put you to a slow death. Captain's log, supplemental. Retired Admiral Norah Satie, whose investigation exposed the alien conspiracy against Starfleet Command three years ago, is arriving to assist in our inquiry. [Transporter room] (an older woman in a long red robe beams in with a male and female escort) Excuse me, Captain, I didn't know that Captain, I have been pursuing the investigation of Lieutenant J'Dan. I believe I know how he transferred information off the Enterprise. (hands over a hypospray) This is J'Dan's. A hypospray he uses to treat his Ba'ltmasor Syndrome. But this has been fitted with an optical reader specially modified to read data from Starfleet isolinear chips. He can extract digital information from a computer, encode it in the form of amino acid sequences, and transfer those sequences into a fluid in the syringe. Then he injects someone, perhaps even without their knowledge. The information would be carried in their bloodstream in the form of inert proteins. I would be honoured. Captain. Admiral. (Worf leaves) I have tracked the movements of every person who has left the Enterprise since you have been here. I traced one Tarkanian diplomat as far as the Cruces system where he disappeared and has not been seen since. A hyposyringe was discovered in your quarters. But your injections do not include an optical chip reader. This device has but one function, to transform computer information into biological sequences. J'Dan did not make friends easily. There are not many to question. I am strongly motivated in this matter. My father? What he did or did not do is no one's concern but my own If there is a conspiracy on board, I promise you I will find it. I will arrange for the interviews to begin. [Interrogation room] We should continue to investigate Tarses. He was hiding something. You and Crewman Marcus will coordinate to track Tarses' movements over the last five years. Ensign Kellogg, I want a list of all relatives, known associates, and especially old school friends. And make arrangements to do an encephalographic polygraph scan. Yes, Captain? You are dismissed. Please get your reports to me as soon as possible. (the security officers leave) Sir? I do not understand. But we know there is a traitor here. J'Dan has admitted his guilt. Tarses has all but done the same. He refused to answer the question about his Romulan grandfather. Sir, if a man were not afraid of the truth, he would answer. Sir, the Federation does have enemies. We must seek them out. The Enterprise could have been captured by the Romulans! Captain Picard did the only thing he could. Am I bothering you, Captain? It is over. Admiral Henry has called an end to any more hearings on this matter. Admiral Satie has left the Enterprise. I believed her. I helped her. I did not see what she was. I think after yesterday, people will not be as ready to trust her.
Aye, sir. I don't understand. (the consoles go dark then flicker on and off) Controls are not responding. Sir, warp core temperature is rising. Approaching critical levels. Core temperature dropping. [Corridor] Worf here, sir. There are force fields blocking our access to the holodeck. It will take time to disable them. Aye, sir. [221b Baker Street] Captain.
The next test will involve the new photon torpedoes. The explosive yield has been increased by eleven percent and I have enhanced the targeting system for increased accuracy. Setting targeting coordinates zero zero five mark three one seven, spread pattern delta nine four. Torpedoes armed and loaded, sir. One of the torpedoes has veered off course. It appears to be a malfunction in the guidance system. The torpedo is not responding. Subspace detonator will not engage. The torpedo is out of range. I have performed thirteen diagnostics of the weapons array, and I can find nothing wrong with the guidance system. Must you to stand so close to me? Yes, I am fine. But Do not approach me unannounced, especially when I'm eating. I was hungry. Caviar? For lunch? It has been a difficult day. The torpedo guidance system failed. It was my fault. It was my fault! I designed that guidance system. Perhaps you are right. If you will excuse me. Computer, reset environmental controls to standard. You have already raised the temperature three times. It is too hot. I had to be near you. Get out of that water now.
Unidentified vessel approaching. One life sign aboard, sir. It appears to be humanoid. Confirmed. Armed with lasers only. Hailing frequencies open. Sir, recommend limited access to our ship. Your weapons, please. Yes. We have an unidentified at twelve mark four. No response to our enquiries. Extending. Still no response. Captain, they are now locking lasers on us. Yes, sir. Still no response to our hail, sir. Sir, we are now being hailed. Open, sir. Mute. Another glob fly. Open, sir (A clean-shaven man in brown, with a younger man in a leather jacket just behind him) Mute. Captain Okona has not responded, sir. He's been reported in three different crew quarters. Yes, sir. [Crew quarters] (Worf barges into a private room where Okona is in the middle of kissing another woman) You will come with me to the main Bridge. Now! (Okona invades his personal space) I'd like that. But I have my orders. Definitely. Captain Picard, this is Thadium Okona. Which ship? The captain of the other ship is demanding to be heard. Yes, sir. Mute. Aye, sir. [Transporter room] (The fathers and children are beamed aboard together) This way. [Conference room] (No big table, just a few comfortable chairs scattered around) We're ready to get underway, sir.
I can't believe they're coming here. We are receiving no signal at all from the approaching starship, sir. The rest of the ship is clear of surprises, Lieutenant Yar. Yes. Including a fairly heavy chest. His chest from the Stargazer, sir? Just where I had left it. He hadn't yet unpacked.
If my father were alive, it would his sons and their sons for three generations. Even Alexander would bear the burden of guilt. My father is dead. That Yridian is selling lies. That does not matter. I have come to take you home. Are you afraid to die while escaping? Why did you allow it to happen? I understand your desire to preserve your family's honour. But what of your own? There is no honour in remaining prisoners. If he had been captured as you were, if I had found him here, I would be glad to see him. There is no room in my heart for shame. This is a gin'tak spear. Have your parents taught you nothing? This is used for battle, not tilling soil. What war? That war was over many years ago. Not by choice. The war. A place can be safe and still be a prison. Where I come from, people are free to come and go as they choose. Tell your father that you would like to leave. Tell him that you would like to visit the Klingon Home world. See what he says. Not any longer. Enter. (a Romulan comes in) It is a strange thing when a jailer concerns himself with his prisoner's comfort. You robbed the Klingons of who they were. You dishonoured them. I do not expect you to understand. You are a Romulan. Why did you do it? Do not deceive yourself. These people are not happy here. I see the sadness in their eyes. Do you know what that song means? Never. This is the mok'bara. The form clears the mind and centres the body. (Ba'el tries to copy him) No. Like this. First you must learn to breathe. Stand tall. As tall as you can. Now, take a wider stance. These forms are the basis for Klingon combat. You would be wise to learn them. I will teach you. Join us. Yes. This is a warrior's armour. And this is a d'k tahg. (a knife) It should not be allowed to rust like this. (Ba'el has taken a necklace) That is a jinaq. It is given to a daughter who has come of age, old enough to take a mate. Why is she forbidden to know what these things are? Kahless held his father's lifeless body in his arms. He could not believe what his brother had done. Then his brother threw their father's sword into the sea, saying, if he could not possess it, neither would Kahless. That was the last time the brothers would speak. Kahless looked into the sea and wept, for the sword is all he had left of his father. The ocean filled with his tears and flooded beyond the shore. For you, perhaps. Not Kahless. He was a great warrior. No. These are our stories. They tell us who we are. Yes. He found it. I have studied them all of my life, and find new truths in them every time. That is another story. You are Romulan. How could your mother mate with a Romulan? It is an obscenity. Romulans are treacherous, deceitful. They are without honour. He took part in a cowardly attack at Khitomer. Thousands of Klingons were massacred, many of them women and children. Ask him. Ask your mother. Tell them you want to know the truth. [Bridge] (at the science station) I am sorry if I upset you. (Ba'el gestures Worf to come in) I was surprised. I became angry. But I do not blame you. You cannot help being what you are. What I mean is, it is not your fault. No, I. It is hard to explain. Klingons and Romulans are blood enemies. Have been for centuries. But I don't live here. I do not know. [Compound] (a pair of metal staves are balanced across uprights.) Ka'la! The qa'vak is not a game. It hones the skills of the hunt. Klingons do not hunt because they need food. The hunt is a ritual that reminds us of where we come from. It is a difficult skill to master. Perhaps you are too young. Your arm is strong, but you need practice. Hold your other arm like this and aim along it. Roll. (this time Toq does it right) You learn quickly. Perhaps it is time to put your skills to the test. Come. I will take you on the hunt. I think they will. [Meeting hall] The boy can come with me. I cannot sit in the compound like an old man. I must practice my skills. I give you my word as a warrior. I will not try to escape. He is there. The wind has shifted. We must wait. Never approach your prey from upwind. The breeze will carry your scent. The wind is shifting again. He is there. Remember the scent. More than anything else, it will guide you. Let it work its way into your blood. Yes. This is the moment where life and death meet. This is what we are. Warriors. There is much you were never taught. [Meeting hall] (At the communal evening meal) I have done nothing more than show them what they are. And what about Toq? I saw what happened to him when he caught the scent of his prey on the wind. For the first time in his life, he felt powerful, and that is what he has been denied living here. And that is what you have tried to take away from him. Now you may be content to sit here in the jungle and wither to old age, but Toq and the others have tasted what it is to feel truly alive, and they will not give that up now. Or? Then that is what you will have to do. That death will be honourable. The young people will see what it is to die as a Klingon. [Worf's room] (Worf is going through the mok'bara when there is a knock on the door) Enter. Why are you doing this? I am not going to run away, Ba'el. Yes. But they will not defeat me. A Klingon does not run away from his battles. Then you do not yet understand what it is to be Klingon. I would not have thought it possible to love a Romulan. Yes. If there were a way, I would take you away with me. And if I stay here, these Klingons will not accept me for what I am. Ba'el. (they kiss) Those are eloquent word, Tokath, but the truth is, I am being executed because I brought something dangerous to your young people. Knowledge. Knowledge of their origins. Knowledge of the real reasons you are here in this camp. The truth is a threat to you. You see, Tokath? It is already too late. Years ago, your parents made a great sacrifice for the sake of their families. Today, they do so again. For that, we must honour them. You must promise them never reveal to their secret. No one must know of this place. Thank you, sir. No, sir. There was no prison camp. Those young people are survivors of a vessel that crashed in the Carraya system four years ago. No one survived Khitomer.
Commander, is it your intention to continue to grow your beard? I am just asking. Why is that? I'm not concerned with fashion. To a Klingon, a beard is a symbol of courage. Doctor, if you wish to master the bat'telh sword, you must learn to strike and avoid in the same motion. Almost. Radiation field is increasing. We are losing communications. Can we send a shuttlecraft to evacuate them? Aye, sir. Coordinates received.
Long range sensors holding on the shuttlecraft, bearing zero one zero, mark two seven one. Lieutenant Hickman does not respond, sir. Still no response, sir. Open. Captain, sensors detect two more Federation shuttlecraft on the planet surface. No life signs. Sir, I am certain we are being watched. All shuttles are secure. You search the structure. I will take the perimeter. (Worf walks around the buildings and comes back with a uniform) Commander. I do not read any life signs on the surface. That still leaves a search area of more than three hundred square kilometres. All scans are still negative. We are adjusting sensors to read Commander La Forge's absorption spectrum, but it will take several hours. He could be several kilometres away by now.
Scanners read negative, sir, but they may be affected by the interference. Sir? The shuttlecraft's impulse generators have shut down. I am picking up the shuttle's trace signature, but the surface interference is distorting its position. Captain, a major storm front is moving in on the away team's coordinates. They're in turbolift four. Engaging override controls now. [Turbolift] (the lift jerks to a halt) Sir, the turbolift is moving again. They're still inside. Aye, sir. They have been stopped at deck thirteen. Everyone down, now! (The two groups trade shots. Data shoots Pat. Troi shoots various unarmed crewmen and civilians, before taking down Worf) [Bridge] I have no fear of death. Captain, one person has suffered what looks like a level-five phaser hit, and four others have secondary burns. They require medical attention. And our captors are not affected by phaser stun settings. Spiritual possessions of this sort have been reported throughout Klingon history. It is called jat'yIn, the taking of the living by the dead. Then you believe they may be telling the truth? Sir, they know much about the Essex. If it is the spirit of Captain Shumar. After living disembodied for two centuries, perhaps they've gone mad. To die defending one's ship is the hope of every Klingon. Gladly, sir. Captain's log, stardate 45572.1. Doctor Crusher has examined Troi, Data and O'Brien. There seem to be no residual effects from their experience. [Corridor] (leaving Sickbay) No apology necessary. You have no idea. [Sickbay]
Communicators are dysfunctional. Readings only valid within five metres. Yes, sir. Romulan. Commander! (Worf has found a Romulan) Commander Riker! (The Romulan is alive, and tries to strangle Worf. He knocks him unconscious and Riker arrives. Meanwhile, La Forge falls down a hole into mud. He is out cold and his Visor has come off. Riker and Worf carry the Romulan back to the beam-out marker) Four minutes to beam-up. Secure Sickbay. Post a guard in visual contact at all times. Hailing frequencies open, sir. The frequency is open, sir. Captain, I see no reason to return the Romulan to his ship. He should be held and interrogated. Aye, aye, sir. (Geordi is making his way along a rock face streaming with rain, immediately above a lake) Probe has reached the surface, sir. Yes, Doctor? That is impossible. I am a Klingon. I have no objection to tests. Yes. If you had seen them kill your parents, you would understand, Doctor, it is always the time and place for those feelings. Then he will die. [Cave] Incoming Romulan transmission, Captain. You are busy. Forgive my intrusion. With respect, sir, you cannot. I am asked to give up the very lifeblood of my mother and my father to those who murdered them. Yes. Impossible. Then you believe I should? My Starfleet training tells me one thing, but everything I am tells me another. Acknowledged. [Sickbay] There is a substance within my cells which you need to survive. No. Captain, the Romulan warship has crossed the Neutral Zone border. It is in Federation space and heading toward us. You wished to see me, Captain. Yes. I have, Captain. I understand. I have not had cause to complain, Captain. If you order me to agree to the transfusion, I will obey, of course. I cannot. Sir? Romulan ship approaching. Bearing three fifty four mark two eight seven. Entering phaser range. We are being hailed, sir. The Romulan ship is routing power to its forward disruptor array. Aye, sir. Phasers locked and ready. If we lower our shields, the Romulan will strike. Aye, sir. They're ignoring our hail, sir. No acknowledgement, sir. Yes, sir. Shields down. Security team to the Bridge. Disruptors powering down.
Reports from all decks coming in, sir. Sir, I am receiving an emergency transmission from the Pegos Minor system. It is an automated signal, sir. I am unable to establish contact. I'm receiving new coordinates. It's a relay signal. Same source as the first one. Six six four point eight by one three two three point seven by four nine four nine point nine. Viewscreen on. There's a small forcefield on the planet. Latitude twenty degrees, nine minutes north. Longitude forty degrees, two minutes east of the present terminator. Hailing frequencies open, sir. Force field is off. Yes, sir? Aye, sir. (The door opens)
Aye, Captain. Data. Captain's log, supplemental. As the result of a yet unexplained shuttle explosion, Lieutenant Commander Data has been lost. [Bridge] Sir, Mister Fajo is hailing us. Link established. Receiving. Captain, transfer of information complete. I have served at the position before. About me? Why? Bridge. Promotion due to the death of a crewmate is commonplace on Klingon ships. I honour Data's memory, as I did Lieutenant Yar's, by attempting to perform their duties as well as they did. I appreciate your concern. [La Forge's office] Scanning. Tricyanate contamination confirmed. Levels approaching forty two parts per million. Thirty square kilometres. Highest concentration eight kilometres west of the colony. Probe on target. Hytritium entering water table. Disbursement slightly faster than expected. Sir, something unusual. I'm getting concentrated tricyanate readings of seventy grams per cubic centimetre at the source coordinates. Much higher than would normally occur. Curious. The process of neutralisation should have taken several hours. Naturally occurring tricyanate does not respond this quickly. There are no natural trace elements present in these tricyanate crystals. Then, why would he do it? Captain, affirmative response from station Lya Four.
Automobiles? Ah. Aye, sir. Standard orbit.
Phasers online. Photon torpedoes armed and ready. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. [Transporter room] (a man and an old woman are beamed aboard) That will be all for today. There will be another class tomorrow at oh seven hundred hours. Worf to Commander Riker. Can you report to Ambassador Alkar's quarters? There is an emergency. Worf here, Captain. Captain, Ambassador Alkar is at the negotiation table and cannot be disturbed. Worf here, Captain. Aye, sir. [Conference chambers anteroom] Captain, I am sure the Seronians have re-activated their security field. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. [Alkar's quarters] Worf to Captain Picard. Ambassador Alkar is dead. [Sickbay]
Aye, sir. (Picard leaves) What a handsome race. [Bridge] Captain, we are being hailed by a small transport vessel, just coming into range. Even in this state, they possess a certain dignity, a graceful countenance. I see. Is this how you felt when you first saw me? I am not a man. Aye, sir.
This is the last known location of the research team. They had occupied a small building in the south-west quarter of the city. You will begin your search there. This apparel will allow you to pass as a common merchant. This Tilonian pendant is equipped with a communicator circuit. I suggest you pay closer attention, Commander. Your life will be at stake. Do you understand what I am saying? Because you will be posing as a merchant, you will need to know how to use the nisroh for the traditional bartering ceremony. (it is, of course, a dagger) You will be judged on your prowess with the blade. (Worf demonstrates, cutting Riker on the right temple) I am sorry, Commander! I did not intend I was angry. They were attacking me. I fought back. I was injured. There was a struggle and I I was being watched. I tried to fight them off. Do not listen to him, Commander. He is trying to trick you. You are in danger here. Let us help you. Commander, you must come with us. You are in danger here. Silence. [Asylum Corridor] (Data hauls Riker out into the corridor, where he collapses) Worf to Enterprise. The pattern enhancer has been activated. Three to beam up. We have been checking on the hospital Administrator. Enterprise here. Are you all right, sir?
Captain, we are being, You are being hailed, by name. Captain, I am reading a power surge. There are no Ferengi vessels within range of our scanners. Captain, I am reading seismic instability in the area. He is in danger. Our shields were up. How could he have beamed through them? Could he have modified the device so he could use it without being detected? And what about yourself? Captain, I am detecting an object five thousand kilometres off our starboard bow. It is another probe. It must have been cloaked, sir. It came out of nowhere. Captain, the probe's systems are overloading. No damage, sir. Captain, another probe has materialised five hundred kilometres to starboard. It is sending a transmission.
No, Commander. Usually my calisthenics are more intense, but those sessions are too personal to be shared. Computer. Programme complete. Save. Coming Commander? It's gone. Recommend we go to a Yellow Alert, sir. Sorry, sir. It's My thoughts were of an old Klingon legend of a gigantic black space creature which was said to devour entire vessels. Sorry, Commander. I agree these are thoughts hardly worthy of a trained and practical Security Officer. Launching, sir. (Off it goes, then - blink) Recommend we fire a photon torpedo, Captain. Captain, sensors indicate a disturbance in sector one zero eight. Possibly a vessel. The ship is equipped with a cloaking device. It's closing. Main viewer locked onto coordinates. It's uncloaking. (A Romulan warbird shimmers into view and fires. The Enterprise shudders) Direct hit, sir. Our shields are weakening. Transmitting. They've armed another full spread, sir. Captain, there's another vessel approaching in sector zero nine one, mark two six. I am acquainted with the Yamato, Commander. Recommend the aft station of their bridge. When in doubt, surprise them. Whoever may be there. Still, the tactic is sound. I heard you screaming. I was coming to help. Nothing on my communicator, sir. (to the wall) Computer on. That's not where we came from. Two Bridges? On the Bridge. It's up to you, sir. Is it the same Bridge? Sir. (Worf goes through, and appears behind Riker) Commander. What's going on? A ship has one Bridge. One Bridge! One Riker, one Bridge! (He tries to stop another door from closing, cursing in Klingon) This is impossible. Impossible! (to himself) At ease, Lieutenant. At ease. Bridge Captain, look. Let me put up the shields, sir. In a battle for survival, Captain, thirty to fifty percent casualties But within acceptable limits.
There was a space-time distortion, sir, and there is something back there. We passed within three hundred kilometres of it. The object is fifty kilometres ahead, sir. Approximately five metres in length, sir. No signs of any kind. Our sensors do not penetrate the hull. That's odd. We've received a response, sir, but They want you to move over, sir. Not the Enterprise, Captain. You. Why now? Usually. Why? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Including questionnaires? I hate questionnaires. Tomorrow? Are you suggesting that an important event is imminent? Phasers. There were no phasers in the 22nd century. The computer has locked in phaser depth calculations. Target fourteen complete, sir. The computer has stopped drilling. Captain, I am detecting a massive earthquake on the surface. Two earthquakes. Yes, sir. Two more eruptions, sir. Bridge to Commander Data. Commander La Forge is hailing you from the surface, sir. Warp power has being rerouted to the main deflector dish, Commander. EPS taps online. Phasers firing. (a wicked red glow quickly spreads through the atmosphere, and is then pushed back into a single point by azure blue. A stream of energy leaps out at the Enterprise and envelopes it) If you will not open the vessel, I will. With explosives, if necessary. Aye, sir.
The Captain! Aye, sir. Captain, the shuttlecraft is emerging from the nebula. Standing by. Aye, sir. (the Reklar shakes)
Doctor! [Plaza] Doctor, it is not safe. Doctor. (He hands her black material and a bottle of alcohol) The tricorder is not reading any other explosive devices in this vicinity. (Then a man pops in out of thin air) Sir, I believe she was the intended target of the abduction. It does now. [Side cave] (A man enters carrying a plate with what look like pieces of meat on it) Intruder alert, deck twelve. Intruders in Engineering Request permission to join the rescue party, sir. I owe it to the Captain.
Simple, Geordi. Our Captain wants his junior officers to learn, learn, learn. What? Where am I? I remember monitoring the sensor console. What am I doing here? Sir, warp power is fading. Warp five, four, three, two Engineering to Captain Picard. Security alert. Lieutenant Worf, sir. I just found Mister Singh. He's dead. Captain's log, stardate 41249.4. I've ordered an immediate investigation into the death of Assistant Chief Engineer Singh. We continue to run on impulse power. [Engineer's office] Singh probably repaired it just before he was killed. Engineering to Bridge. We now have warp capacity, sir. All power on line. [Bridge] You wanted me, Doctor? I still don't remember having one. What is it? Bridge to Captain. You're needed here immediately. Helm is down, sir. There's no apparent reason. Captain! I'll help you if you'll let me. (Picard leaves the Bridge as the crew are still transfixed by the blue energy) Sir? On my sensor controls.
No sir. There have been no communications from the colony for over twelve hours. None. Sir, reading unidentified vessel just entering sensor range. Bearing two one zero mark one five one. No response, sir. Sir, the vessel has already changed course to intercept us. Approaching at warp nine point three. Entering visual range. Captain, you are being hailed. Yes, Captain. By name. Channel open. Captain, the Borg are attempting to lock on to us with their tractor beam. Shields are being drained. Ninety percent. Eighty. [Engineering] Shields have failed. Launching torpedoes. Phaser spread continuing. They're cutting into the hull. Engineering section. The tractor beam has been released. They are in pursuit, Captain. The Borg ship is continuing scans, attempting to locate us. Captain Picard, report to the Bridge. Back to forty eight percent, Captain. Direct hit, deck nine. Structural latching system integrity breached. Borg tractor beam is attempting to lock on. Shields failing. Tractor beam has locked on. (A Borg beams onto the Bridge. Worf shoots it. A second one appears. This time the phaser bounces off a shield) The Borg ship is disengaging. Leaving at warp speed. Borg vessel has reached warp nine. Nine point four, nine point six. Sir, the coordinates they have set, they're on a direct course to sector zero zero one. The Terran system. Commander, they are leading us into the heart of our own defences. These phasers have been retuned. Each has a different frequency spanning the upper EM band. Tricorder functions minimal. Inconclusive. (They go off down one of many similar walkways. There are Borg in their alcoves all over the place) The Captain's communicator. It is still activated. This way. [Ready room] In here. (Data gently pulls a drawer out of a wall. But there's no body in it) Captain! (Worf approaches Picard, but a forcefield knocks him down) He is a Borg. Sir, we are being hailed by the Borg.
There is still no response to our hails, sir. I am attempting to scan the observation post. Sensor interference is significant, but the post appears to be intact. Their power grid is still functioning. However, I am reading no life forms within the structure. Captain, I am detecting faint power emissions from a system of caverns near the post. It could be a deflector shield. Captain, request permission to lead an away team. Aye, sir. [Sickbay] Yes. We are brothers. Nikolai is older than I. We are not alike. We had many disagreements when we were growing up. Nikolai has a mind of his own. He attended Starfleet Academy, but he was unable to follow the rules. He left after one year. But he has many fine qualities. He is brilliant, persuasive. A natural leader. My name is Worf. I am a traveller. Nikolai? Please. Please, I must speak to my brother. (they move away from the locals) Nikolai, what have you done? What did you tell them? At least you had that much sense. Nikolai, there is nothing we can do for these people. You have only postponed their deaths. And I am certain he will want to speak with you. Yes, that is correct. I'm sorry, Nikolai. I wish there were another way. I am quite familiar with your communications systems. If you like, I will help you set up your comm. link. The power drain has registered on my security grid as well, sir. It appears to be coming from deck ten. Concentrate your scans on the EPS transfer links. (his security team split up, Worf ends up outside a holodeck) Computer, open holodeck five. Override. Authorisation, Worf theta six one nine. What are you doing here? Bridge. Trust you? You never had any intention of obeying the Captain. Your duty was to respect the Captain's orders and to uphold the Prime Directive. You have disgraced yourself and you have disgraced me. I want nothing more to do with you. [Ready room] Sir, perhaps someone else would be a better choice. Counsellor Troi is familiar with Aye, sir. (Nikolai leaves) I know a way through the caves. We will travel safely until we return to the surface. As we said, it is far from here. It will not be like the home you knew. Even the stars may be different. Do not worry. It is an omen. This is the sign of La Forge. It is a message to travellers. It is said when these lines appear and disappear [Engineering] In a pool of water, the road ahead will be filled with good fortune. We are not a team. I am here because Captain Picard ordered me here. Only because you forced us into it. You have not changed. You still expect people to solve the problems you create. What is this? Not in this manner. We tell each other stories, make up songs. We must leave. Gather your belongings. We must stay together. We will have to leave it behind. Go, and return quickly. Of course. She is a fine girl. You will reach your new home. I promise. (meanwhile, Vorin has found his scroll, and the arch partly showing in the rock. He touches it and the door appears. He steps forward, it opens and out he goes) [Corridor] (Vorin walks along, mouth wide open. Most people ignore him) I will carry your pack. Go and join the others. Vorin has left the holodeck. I do not know, but Doctor Crusher cannot erase his memory. They have explained the situation to him. He must make his own decisions. That is right. He is not a prisoner. Then you should have considered that before you beamed them on board. But you never think about the consequences of your acts. Wherever you go, you create chaos. How many times did our parents lie awake at night, wondering what kind of trouble you were in? I was not perfect, but I was not wild and disobedient. I would rather be accused of that than making our mother weep. But I see it is clear you have no intention of changing. I see no reason to discuss it further. [Holodeck campsite] Commander, the holodeck malfunctions [Engineering] Are increasing. How much longer till we reach the new planet? Someone is coming. [Holodeck campsite] Yes, of course. It is an old argument. No. No, I do not. Us? How could you have mated with a Boraalan? What were you thinking? As usual, you are thinking only of yourself. You have treated Dobara with dishonour. That is not possible. I cannot allow you to stay here. Yes. But everyone must take shelter in the tents. Commander, it might be helpful if you could produce [Engineering] A storm. Wind, lightning and thunder. Commander, energise. [Planet surface] (sudden peace. the people come out) The storms will not return. I do not want to fight you, Nikolai. No. No. If you had been more like me, these people would not be here now. You gave them a chance at a new life. You were never good at drawing. How will you keep a chronicle? Then perhaps there is hope. (the two men embrace, then Worf takes one of the old chronicles) Could I take this with me? I will have to explain all of this to mother and father. They may. I will tell them that you are happy. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Swimming is too much like bathing. Captain, sensors are detecting three Federation starships already in orbit around the planet. Two are frigates. The Renegade commanded by Tryla Scott, and the Thomas Paine, Captain Rixx commanding. Attempts at communication have been ignored by all three vessels. Captain, I am picking up an unusual disturbance in a nearby quadrant. Hard to say at this distance, sir. Sensors beginning to pick up small objects, sir. It looks like debris. From a space vessel of some kind. Nothing so far. Sensors not detecting any bodies in the flotsam, but from the amount of wreckage. I'm sorry sir. It can only be the Horatio. From the looks of it, she's been totally destroyed. Captain's personal log, stardate 41776.1. The apparent death of Walker Keel has had a powerful impact on me. I now believe there may be a cancer growing within the ranks of Starfleet. As a result, I have alerted my Executive Officer to the suspicions voiced by Keel and the others. [Observation lounge] I don't like it. You can't trust them. Are you all right? What is he? Doctor?
No response. Unlikely. The escape pods are still on board. Blast analysis indicates the explosion originated here, in the centre of the transport chamber. A mouth. Aye, sir. Right away. Understood. Follow me.
I would speak with you. It was Duras' father who betrayed our people to the Romulans at Khitomer, not mine. Then I resign my commission as a Starfleet officer. Aft shields buckling. Aft shields are gone! We cannot win. We must withdraw. We are entering the star's corona. We will reach the photosphere in thirty seconds. Shields failing. Outer hull temperature exceeding design limit. Captain! They're closing on us! You drink with our enemies? The repairs to the Hegh'ta are proceeding. The port stabilisers It is my responsibility. There is no time for this! We must make plans before those forces reach Beta Lankal! How can we oppose the Duras when we continue to fight among ourselves? Stop it! Do we to fall upon ourselves like a pack of Ferengi? The enemy is the Duras. We are at war! (Worf steps between the fighters and Gowron takes the opportunity to kill Kulge) We are at war. Gowron should forbid any challenges until we are victorious. A Klingon should place the good of the Empire above his own pride. No. What do you want? Your family has never valued honour. Then you should not have opposed Gowron. An era where honour has no meaning? Where Klingons trade loyalties in dark rooms and where the Empire is ruled from Romulus. No. I know. But it is not my way. This boy has done me no harm and I will not kill him for the crimes of his family. No. No, you gave me his life, and I have spared it. Request permission to return to duty, sir.
Worf to Captain. Incoming transmission from Admiral Blackwell. It is coded Priority One. Sir, Romulan warbird decloaking directly ahead. They are powering weapons. Sir, they are hailing us. Sir, they are moving off, resuming their tachyon scans of the system. Aye, sir. And the Romulans have a two day head start. The Romulan warship is still searching grid two seven zero. Sir, the Romulan warbird has altered course once again. They are heading toward our position. Worf to Captain Picard. We are approaching asteroid gamma six zero one, sir. They are out of sensor range on the far side of the system. Aye, sir. Captain, we are encountering shifts in the magnetic field density. Captain, I am reading a large resonance signature directly ahead. (NCC53847 is sticking out of the rock) There is a hull breach in that section. Sir, there is an incoming message. It is from the warbird. Aye, sir. Captain, I believe we could use the phasers to cut our way out. Aye, sir. We will reach the rock face in five seconds. (there's no thump, just more rock on the viewscreen) We have passed through two kilometres of the asteroid. Now within one kilometre of the surface. We have cleared the asteroid, Captain. The warbird is off the port bow. Aye, sir. Admiral, if you will come with me.
Captain. Shall we transmit a warning to withdraw, sir? Aye, sir. Captain, the Romulan is hailing us. PICARD; Visual. Not within range yet. Visual range. On screen, Captain. (A big mean warbird decloaks behind the little green ship, and opens fire) Channel is open. No reply, sir. Responding. Weapons on the warbird are fully powered, sir. Ready. Warbird has re-entered the Neutral Zone. Heading for Romulan territory. The Federation will not permit that. You are aware of a great deal for a logistics clerk. Forged credentials are a simple matter for a spy. You are lucky this is not a Klingon ship. We know how to deal with spies. Aye, sir. (Worf leaves) Yes, Captain. Aye, sir. On my way. [Bridge] Aye, sir. (Worf leaves) Nothing on sensors. Aye, sir. Two Romulan warships uncloaking. Coordinates (He's interrupted by impacts to the shields) Shields holding. Captain! The Romulans are hailing us. Aye, sir. (Three mean Klingon vessels uncloak around the Enterprise and Romulans) Klingon warships armed and ready, sir. Romulan disruptors powering down, sir. (The warbirds cloak and leave) Aye, sir.
At its present speed and heading, it will eventually enter the Kazis binary system and will certainly be destroyed. I could attach a tractor beam and adjust its heading. The last communication indicated it would be several hours. Aye, sir. [Derelict ship] Commander, look at this. It must be sealed, probably with age. (he prepares his phaser) Here's another. Commander, look at this. (They look at the face of a woman. Other capsules reveal two men still intact) Were they frozen for an extended journey? Romulans. We could get out there and find ourselves greatly over-matched. We are six hours from the Neutral Zone. I have been unable to establish communications with any Federation colony or station in this vicinity. Nine. I agree with Commander Riker. This may be our only opportunity. We should seize it. The outpost was not just destroyed, it's as though some great force just scooped it off the face of the planet. Insufficient information, sir. Everyone and everything is gone. I agree, Captain. I recommend we go immediately to battle stations. Captain, my sensors indicate a disturbance. It is large and moving, but I cannot get a positive lock nor can I get it on the viewscreen. Aye, sir. I have a positive lock. They're disengaging their cloaking device. Captain, this may be our only chance. The signal is weakening. (Ralph quietly enters the Bridge) I've lost them. Captain, they're back. (A big green warbird appears on the viewscreen) Captain, these are Romulans. They are without honour. They killed my parents in an attack on Khitomer when they were supposed to be our allies. They believe humans and Klingons are a waste of skin. Hailing frequencies open. Even so, what gives them the right to enter Federation space?
Captain, I am picking up a general distress signal from Gamelan Five. Commander, a message from the mining settlement on Pentarus Five. The shuttlecraft carrying Captain Picard has not yet arrived. They have asked if we are beginning a search. Aye, sir. Commander, the miners report that they have very few operable shuttlecraft. They want to know when we will be joining the search. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. We are within visual range of the asteroid belt. Not yet, sir.
We have entered a massive gravitational field, Captain. Sir, I have located the distress signal. It is coming from a point in the northern hemisphere. Aye, sir. Sir. I have restored life support. The oxygen levels will return to normal shortly. Yes. Aye, sir. (there's a jolt, and Red alert goes off) We're being pulled inside. Sir, Sensors show a large magnetic disturbance on the star's surface. Shields are up, but only at twenty three percent. Shields still holding, sir, but they are down another fifteen percent. No, sir. The exterior shell is composed of carbon neutronium. Our weapons would be ineffective. Sir, there is an audio message from Commander La Forge. Photon torpedoes armed and ready, sir.
It does not conform to any known design. Aye, sir. [Engineering] (gazing at the dilithium cradle) Captain, we are being probed. Recommend we raise shields. It is moving toward us. No effect, Captain. Ready. I advise against this, Captain. The parent proved to be a threat to the ship. We do not know how the offspring will react. Three percent. Captain, it is following us. Maintaining a distance of four kilometres, directly astern. It is turning with us, sir. It is matching our velocity. Its velocity is increasing. It is moving directly toward the ship. Minor damage. What action should we take, sir? Captain, its total volume has increased by eight point five percent in the last three hours. I now read it at forty six million cubic metres. Difficulty getting a clear sensor reading beyond four thousand kilometres. Sensors detect movement within the asteroid field. Bearing two five seven mark one six one. Auxiliary power only. Two seconds phaser fire available. [Engineering] Two minutes until the creatures intercept, Captain. One minute thirty seconds to intercept. [Engineering] Captain, the creatures are accelerating their approach. They are changing colour. Thirty seconds to intercept. Worf to La Forge. There is an incoming message on subspace for Doctor Brahms.
Sickbay? Yes, sir. Over here. (to man with broken leg) There will be a sharp pain as I set the bone. Prepare yourself. Good. Good, you bore that well. (Keiko gasps) Keiko? Perhaps you should lie down. I believe that is not uncommon in the late months of pregnancy. You cannot. This this is not a good time, Keiko. Your contractions are now only thirty seconds apart. Dilation has gone to seven centimetres since the onset of labour. That did not take long. You are doing very well. I am sure the child will arrive soon. Turned? I am not certain. Can't you tell? Yes. No. I have taken the Starfleet Emergency Medical Course. In a computerised simulation, I assisted in the delivery of a human baby. I am sure everything will be fine. [Cargo bay] Congratulations. You are fully dilated to ten centimetres. You may now give birth. Bearing down is the next stage. It should start at full dilation. Why has it not begun? The computer simulation was not like this. That delivery was very orderly. Did you feel an uncontrollable urge to push? (screams with a nod) Good. You are bearing down. Now you must push with each contraction and I must urge you gently but firmly to push harder. Push, Keiko. Push hard. Push, Keiko. Push. Push. The baby is emerging head first. One more contraction. That's good. Push. Push. Hard. I have the baby. I will smack the child to induce breathing. (waaa!) Now I will cut the umbilical cord. Blanket. I believe she looks like Chief O'Brien. (he hands the baby to Keiko)
I had not been informed that Council Members had been granted bridge clearance. Welcome aboard. Nice legs. For a human. Sir, I protest. I am not a merry man. Sorry. (Troi is still learning to use a bow and arrow, She aims at a tree and hits Data instead)
Routine deep sensor probe indicates no obstacles or vessels within a range of three light years. The martial arts competition is in three days. Are you prepared? A valid assumption. Who is your first competitor? You will defeat him easily. You are favoured in the ship's pool. A sure thing. Sir, I'm receiving an emergency transmission from the shuttle. I've located the shuttle. Not yet, sir. Still probing. It appears to be buried under a lot of debris. I may have something, sir. Faint life signs. Very faint. There's no way of telling from here. Aye, sir. [Sickbay] I will do my best, sir. I will remain on the ship. The object here is not to engage the creature in battle. The goal is the safe return of Counsellor Troi and Lieutenant Prieto. I can best accomplish this at the Tactical Station. Captain, look at this. The force of the energy field around the shuttlecraft decreased for a few moments when the creature was draped over it. Almost. Aye, sir. [Planet surface] (Armus rises from his slick) Captain, perhaps you should look at this. We have the chart of the energy field surrounding the shuttle. Yes, but there is a pattern. Here is when it killed Lieutenant Yar, and here is when it absorbed Commander Riker. Both times it had enveloped the shuttle. Aye, sir. The forcefield will have to drop below two point seven before we can beam them up. [Planet surface] (Picard is brought back from the shuttlecraft) Set the computer. When the energy level reaches two point six point two zero five, automatically beam up Troi and Prieto. We'll do a parallel transport on the Captain. The energy level has dropped to two point six point three. [Planet surface] Energy field is two point six. Computer beginning transport. [Planet surface]
Commander. Emergency bulkheads have sealed this section off from the rest of the ship. There is no way to gain access to the main Bridge or control centres. Readings indicate at least seventy three Romulans are still alive. We must get the doors closed. (but Worf can't move the debris jamming them open) Commander! Commander, the (looks round) the Romulans want a computer. We cannot give them access to Federation technology. That is an unacceptable security risk. That would be satisfactory. Aye, sir. Thank you. [Engineering] (Geordi is failing to attract anyone's attention) What kind of service? Sir, shuttlecraft four has not yet cleared the Romulan ship. Human custom is to conduct a solemn, dignified service in which the dead are praised by their friends and loved ones. The Bajoran Death Chant is over two hours long. Shuttlecraft four has just cleared. Commander, I am not the proper person to advise you. I am very happy for Commander La Forge. He has crossed over to that which is beyond. For a Klingon, this is a joyful time. A friend has died in the line of duty and he has earned a place among the honoured dead. It is not a time to mourn. Commander, may I speak with you? (Data moves away)
The reactor's gone. (failing to force the door) It's jammed. (Data opens it easily. There are two people on the floor behind it) [Sickbay] Commander? Ambush! (The Gatherers start firing at them as they hide behind barrels) Your words are wasted, Commander. They understand only this. (a phaser) Your ambushes would be more successful if you bathed more often. Shields holding. Chorgan is not responding. I believe we can, sir. Phasers locked. Channel open. Their forward shields are inoperative. We are being hailed, sir. Aye, sir.
Captain, Starfleet Academy is requesting an update on our estimated arrival. Aye, sir. Sir, we are being hailed again by the Academy. It is Admiral Brand. Sir, she is requesting a private channel.
As time passes, a boy inevitably becomes a man. What is not inevitable, is that a man become a warrior. A warrior must be forged like a sword, tempered by, by, (thinks) tempered by experience. The path of the warrior begins (Alexander runs in.) Alexander. What is the meaning of this? I asked you to meet me here after school. I have been waiting for you. You forgot because you allowed yourself to be distracted by foolishness. There is something very important I want to discuss with you. It concerns your future. Sit. As time passes, a boy inevitably becomes a man, but what is not inevitable is that a man become a sword No. I meant warrior. The path of A warrior begins with the First Rite of Ascension. No. No, that is the Second Rite. You are approaching the Age of Ascension. It is time for you to prepare for the ceremony. Well, your fighting skills will be tested and your knowledge of the teachings of Kahless. It will be challenging, but I will help you prepare. These are the kor'tova candles. They represent the fire that burns within the heart of a warrior. When you light yours, you will be declaring your intention to become a warrior. Go ahead. If you do not participate in the rite before the age of thirteen years, you will never be able to become a true Klingon warrior. You may not care about it now, but someday you might. It is your decision but Alexander. (comes back from wherever) Yes, sir. I will begin the procedure immediately. I apologise. In the future, I will make sure my personal affairs do not interfere with my duties. I am having problems with Alexander. He has made it clear he does not wish to participate in the First Rite of Ascension. I have tried to tell him that it is an important part of a young Klingon's life, but he does not understand. Yes. But the outpost is on the other side of the Vodrey Nebula. It would take three days by shuttle to get there. Captain, I cannot ask you Thank you, sir. [Maranga Outpost] (solid stone masonry and a joyous festival with open air interactive opera including flailing bat'leths. Worf buys some sweets from a woman) It is the tyrant Molor. He was so strong no one could stand against him. He is asking if anyone else will have the courage to stand up to Molor. O'tak tu'ro! (Worf pretends to be beaten) Nok'tar be'got? Hosh'ar te'not? (he stares at Alexander, who finally gets the message) You fought well. There is only one man can stand against Molor. Kahless would rather die than live under Molor's tyranny. Where have you been? We? What for? That is impossible. The real Molor died centuries ago. He is trying to take your money. No. It is late. We should go home. Alexander, that is enough. Come, it is time to go. You can see your friends again tomorrow. If you want to. (three Klingons surround them and draw their daggers) Run, Alexander. (Worf takes on the three robbers, and the stranger only intervenes to stop one getting knife to stab him in the back) I have seen you before. Who are you? Are you K'mtar. He is gin'tak to the house of Mogh. An advisor so trusted that he is become part of a family. I have full confidence in the officers with whom I serve. One of the attackers dropped this dagger. The design represents the house of Duras. We can not allow their attack on our house to go unanswered. Why did you treat Commander Riker so disrespectfully? You were rude. I have not forgotten. I am merely stating that their ways our different than ours. Yes, of course I have. Does my brother doubt my ability to raise my son as a Klingon? No. It has not been easy. He is learning. He could be better. Actually, Alexander has not yet committed himself to undergoing the Rite. I have tried to explain to him how important it is, but he will not listen to me. I would be grateful for any help you could offer. Tomorrow. Yes, of course. [Alexander's room] (there's a picture by the bed) I am being patched through right now, sir. Approximately sixteen hours, sir. What kind of programme? Yes, he is going to have to shift it to regain his balance. Why did you not? K'mtar, that is enough. Alexander. [Bridge] A shaft has been cut through the outer crust. There is evidence of machinery, but it does not appear to be in use. What are you doing on this planet? We are looking for two Klingon women. Sisters. Where are they now? And where have they gone? As am I. When he first came to live with me, he knew nothing of our ways. He often reminds me of things his mother said to him. I try not to disregard her wishes, I want the boy to honour his mother. Yes, I know. He does not put in the time it takes to learn the skills. Ogat? I would like him to learn our ways. No. This is his home. He is my son. He belongs with me. Enough! Enough! Enough! The decision is mine. You would question my fitness to raise my own son? There should be over ten thousand kilograms. Transport complete. Firing. (the explosion reveals the outline of) A Klingon bird of prey. The Klingon ship is hailing us. This was dropped by one of the assassins. It bears the crest of your house. You cannot tarnish a rusted blade. Gir'nak tovo'sor! I was not aware you had a son. I will speak with K'mtar. [Worf's quarters] (Worf enters to find K'mtar with a weapon aimed at Alexander. He pulls him to the floor and is about to hit him when) What are you saying? P'tak! Tell me the truth or I will kill you. I could have seen you on the Homeworld. If you are Alexander, you will remember your mother's last words before she died. How have you done this, come to this time? And you came here in order to end your own life? But why? What is going to happen that is so terrible? I do not believe that. You must not blame yourself. That is why you wanted to take Alexander away. To turn him into a warrior. No. Who knows what the future will be now that you have disrupted time? I may die tomorrow or I may outlive you. But when I die, I would like an honourable death. And the only way that is possible is for you accept yourself as you are, and stay true to what you believe. The cause of peace is a just cause. The struggle must continue. You have already changed things more than you realise. But I have. You have given me a glimpse into my son's future and I know now that he has his own destiny. And I believe it will be a great one. And I you, Alexander. [Holodeck - Maranga Outpost] (Alexander is practising with his bat'leth) He had to leave. He was called away. He asked me to say goodbye for him. He also wanted me to tell you, no matter what happens, no matter what you decide to do with your life, he will always care for you a great deal. It may be a long time. Alexander. There will be plenty of time for training. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Captain, I am detecting atmospheric turbulence over the colony and large pockets of electrical activity. It is growing in intensity, sir. There has been a malfunction in the ship's environmental control. Captain, the temperature in Ten Forward has dropped to below freezing and deck thirteen has lost gravity.
Aye, sir.
I am glad you approve. I have always found the Black Sea at night to be a most stimulating experience. It was very stimulating. (the turbolift arrives as Troi rolls her eyes) What? (exiting the turbolift into another corridor) Deanna, perhaps before there is a next time, we should discuss Commander Riker. No, but I do not wish. I mean, it would be unfortunate if he. If you and I are going to continue, I do not wish to hurt his feelings. Stardate 47988. Worf to Captain. Sir, there is an incoming transmission from Admiral Nakamura. It is a priority one message. Aye, sir. [Crusher's office] With all due respect, sir, it would be helpful if we knew exactly what we were looking for. Captain, it could be a Romulan trick to lure our ships into the Neutral Zone as an excuse for a military strike. Captain, the security of the Federation could be at stake. Aye, sir. Goodnight, sir. What is a Q? The Federation Starships Concord and Bozeman are holding position on our side. The warbird Terix is responding. Captain Picard. [Future - USS Pasteur Bridge] It is good to see you again. Yes. But you must realise I am no longer a member of the High Council. I must refuse. It is for your own safety. The Neutral Zone is extremely volatile. If Admiral Riker had given you a starship with a cloak, you would have been safe. It is hard to believe that even he would refuse to help you. I am sorry. My first duty is to the Empire. I must adhere to regulations. Dor sHo GHA! You have always used your knowledge of Klingon honour and tradition to get what you want from me. Very well. You may cross the border. But only if I come with you. I am familiar with the Neutral Zone. Captain. I have been monitoring Klingon communication channels. Several warships have been dispatched to this sector to search for a renegade Federation vessel. Two Klingon attack cruisers decloaking to port and starboard. These weapons are no match for their shields. Tos Vah'cha Worf, do'lo jegh! (but they fire again, and Chilton is killed) Our shields have collapsed. We are defenceless. The Enterprise is drawing their fire. If you had not turned down the Captain when he came to you for help, none of this would have happened. Unlike you, I still have a sense of honour and loyalty. Boosting field integrity to the warp nacelles. We may encounter shearing forces once we enter the anomaly. We must eject the core! Stardate 47988. Agreed. (doorbell)
Worf to Picard. There is an emergency message from Commander Riker. Aye, sir. (the next few lines are actually delivered while the camera is gazing at Amanda) Captain, there is too much ionisation in the atmosphere. Transporters are useless.
Torva luk do shel! Torva Enter. (Picard enters) Captain. Sir. It is difficult to explain. Ever since I returned from the Carraya system I have felt empty. They were young. They knew nothing of their heritage. So while I was there, I tried to teach them. Teach them about their people, their culture. I told them our ancient stories, instructed them in our customs, explained our beliefs. And then I told them about Kahless. How he united our people long ago. How he gave us strength and honour, and how he promised to return one day and lead us again. Yes. I was trying to summon a vision of Kahless. Using the holodeck would not have been appropriate. Everything had to be real if Kahless were to appear. But all this was is nothing. He did not come to me. I gave Toq and the others a belief in Sto-Vo-Kor, the life which lies beyond this life where Kahless awaits us. When I saw the power of their beliefs I began to question the strength of my own. And I found it wanting. To lose something, one must first possess it. I am not sure I ever had a true belief. But I should not have allowed it to interfere with my duties. My behaviour has been Boreth. The Followers of Kahless await his return there. To Klingons, there is no more sacred place. Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. [Lava cave] (on Boreth, in a cave, Worf and a bunch of Klingons are staring into a fire, chanting) It has been ten days, Koroth. I have had no visions. I have received no insight. There is nothing here for me. When Kahless had united our people and gave them the laws of honour, he saw that his work was done. So one night he gathered his belongings and departed for the edge of the city to say goodbye. Then Kahless said, 'You are Klingons. You need no one but yourselves. I will go now to Sto-Vo-Kor. But I promise one day I will return.' Then Kahless pointed to a star in the sky and said, 'Look for me there, on that point of light.' Torva luk do shel. Torva luk (a figure appears) I see Kahless. (Divok runs out. The figure walks forward and holds out his arms. Worf touches his hands.) You are real. (the other Klingons enter) I was getting my tricorder. No, no. It is a tool. I intended to use it to see You are Klingon. There are many possibilities. A shape shifter, a holographic projection. How do you know my name? I want to believe. Questions are the beginning of wisdom, the mark of a true warrior. If the commander is worthy of their trust. No. There is another possibility. He could be the real Kahless. He may have actually returned as he promised. I did not say that he is. I merely think we should not completely reject the possibility. It is not an empirical matter. It is a matter of faith. Perhaps some other time, Commander. I do not believe I can provide much insight at this minute. [Transporter room] It is true. Kahless has returned. [Kahless' quarters] (Kahless and Worf share a drink) I am sorry. Our replicators do not do justice to Klingon Warnog. Kahless, may I ask you about death and Sto-Vo-Kor? Tell me, what awaits us beyond this life. Me? It will be glorious! He is Kahless. Your own test proved it. It is not Koroth, it is But it does not have to be this way. We could all join together and welcome Kahless as a united people. You do not understand. Kahless is our future. Only with his help can we revive the pure warriors within ourselves. Listen to him, Gowron. Open your heart. Hear his words. He will restore your faith as he has restored mine. Give him a chance to lift your spirit and cleanse your heart before you take up arms. [Holodeck Temple] Koroth! (the fight starts) That is a lie. He did not There is no future here. No glorious new era for our people. Gowron was right. You did not know the name of the man who faced the storm. You do not even know what real warnog tastes like. And you certainly are not the greatest warrior of all. Whoever you are, you are not Kahless. You are using the name of Kahless for some twisted game. For that alone, you should die. And if you do not tell me what you have done, I will kill you right here. A clone. He is a clone. A being created in a laboratory by genetic material taken from another being. You are a copy. A fraud. They grew you in a test tube like some kind of fungus and programmed you like a machine. You talk to me of truth? You, who have brought to life this lie and called it Kahless? They do not need a false god. I am. I will not let this fraud continue. Do not give me orders, Koroth. Then they are fools. Yes. I do not know. You? How did you come to your decision? The man who appeared to me on Boreth is not Kahless. He is a clone. Yes. It does not matter, Gowron. You will still not be able to stand against him. I said he was not the Kahless, but in the minds of our people he can be just as powerful as Kahless. Even now, two members of your own crew are sitting on our Holodeck waiting for him to return. But hey are not alone. Like many of our people, they need something to believe in, just like I did. Something larger than themselves, something that will give their lives meaning. They need Kahless. It will not matter, Gowron. Despite the facts, they will still believe. They will make a leap of faith and there will be others just like them. Not everyone, but enough to plunge the Empire into civil war if you oppose them. No, that would be unwise as well. You were right about one thing, Koroth. Our people are becoming decadent and corrupt. They need moral leadership. Kahless can be that leader, as Emperor. The political power will remain with the High Council. Kahless would be a figurehead, but he will have the ability to rally the people, to lead by example, to guide them in spiritual matters. Real power comes from within the heart. You would have the power to mold the Klingon heart. You could return them to honourable ways according to the original teachings of Kahless which are within you. It would be a great challenge, if you have the courage to accept it. We will tell them the truth. All of the truth. But we will tell them that even if he is not the real Kahless, he is the rightful heir to Kahless. Then my brother and those who support him on the Council will fight you, and I will fight you. And the Empire will fall back into civil war. Goodbye. I went to Boreth to find my faith. For a time I thought I had. But my heart is empty again. I do not know what to believe. Q'apla Kahless. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Yes, sir. There are no other vessels in the area except the Yamato, which is coming into visual range now. Transmission from the Yamato, sir. Sir, there is an energy build-up in the Yamato's Engineering section. Captain, magnetic seals in the antimatter chamber are decaying! Sir! Captain. Another vessel is coming within sensor range. It is Romulan. Captain's log, supplemental. The Yamato's entire crew and their families, more than a thousand people, have been lost. Circumstances unfortunately permit us no pause for grief. [Bridge] No response from the Romulan vessel. All their weapons systems have been fully activated. Still no response. Mute. Understandable if she just destroyed a Federation starship. Open. They are engaging their cloaking device. Unless they have overcome that deficiency. The Yamato was destroyed while they were cloaked. Sir, that would put us substantially close to the Romulan side of the Neutral Zone. All major cities have been heavily damaged, and the pattern of destruction is that consistent with large-scale orbital bombardment. There is an energy source in the mountains of the smaller continent. Captain. Projectile launched from the planet's surface. Tractor beam ready, sir. (Geordi comes flying out of the turbolift and tumbles head over heels down the slope) Phasers locked on target. Come in, Enterprise. Still no response, sir. I would not like to become a permanent resident of this planet. What is that? These scenes could be holographic images. (Data goes towards it) If it is not illusion, this gate would seem to take us beyond the confines of this planet. Sir? Like the Iconians did. But the probe was hostile. But we do know that the Iconians were conquerors. Sir! (And is replaced by a skyscraper) Was that really the Enterprise? Are you all right? Sir, without him we have no hope of deciphering the programme. Captain, the Enterprise again. About four minutes, if the cycle holds. Sir, we have not yet established that that is truly a gateway. Aye, sir. Sir, it contains everything we've discovered up to this point. About three minutes. Perhaps the probes are in a launch bay. Almost time. Captain, you will be killed. But where will you end up? Aye, sir. (He picks up Data in a fireman's lift. The image changes from the Romulan bridge to the Enterprise. Worf steps through) [Bridge] We must take Data to Engineering. Hopefully the Captain will follow. [Engineering]
Sensors picking up asteroidal debris ahead, Commander. Bearing zero zero one mark point oh three. Range, three hundred thousand kilometres. Approximately two thousand small objects. None in our direct flight path, sir. It should not be needed, sir. Permission to speak freely, sir? I have questions I wish to pose. They serve me. They are of a personal nature, sir. I wish to know if I have given you offence. Perhaps I have not performed my duties to your satisfaction? Yet you dishonour me at every opportunity. I am a Klingon. I am a Klingon! if you doubt it, a demonstration can be arranged. The Starfleet officer that rescued me was told by the Klingon High Command that I had no living relatives. So you asked to serve aboard the Enterprise to watch me. Your deception offends me, brother. To satisfy your curiosity. Challenge? My father is accused of aiding and abetting the Romulan attack on the Khitomer outpost. I do not know, Captain. I will hear the evidence when I arrive. The charge has been made by Duras, the son of my father's greatest rival. Our family name will be disgraced for seven generations. It is my responsibility to clear his name or answer for his crimes. The family of a Klingon warrior is responsible for his actions and he is responsible for theirs. If I fail in my challenge, I will be executed. Will you grant my leave, Captain? Yes. I know the procedure for the challenge. I ask you to stand with me, to be my cha'DIch. No. For the proceeding, you will not reveal your true father. You will not. On this ship, you are my commander, and I obey. In Council chamber, you are my cha'DIch. You do not insist. You obey. I am Worf, son of Mogh. I have come to challenge the lies that have been spoken of my father. Yes. With my life. I have not forsaken my heritage. I am Klingon. My heart is of this world. My blood is as yours. It is a good day to die, Duras, and the day is not yet over. I am Klingon. My father Why would you ask me to lay aside the honour of my father, my family? Are these the words of the council? It is a kut'luch. The ceremonial weapon of an assassin. It does not matter. We should have let him die. Now that Duras knows his bloodlines, we will both be executed. K'mpec urged me to drop my challenge, abandon my family honour. It was impossible to believe I was hearing a Klingon speak If it is true, it is not just Duras but the High Council itself that is my enemy. Captain, I must choose another cha'DIch. I would like your permission to ask one of the crew. Then I would ask you to stand with me. You may refuse with no dishonour. I can think of no one I would rather have at my side. My challenge will proceed. No threats, no treachery will stop it. Not even a trap set for my cha'DIch by a coward. He is now my cha'DIch. She was my ghojmoK, my nurse. But she died in the attack. It is too dangerous. You must not go alone. Why did you judge my father guilty when you knew he was not? This ha'DIbaH should have been fed to the dogs! I will die for the Empire. The cha'DIch will be silent. Allow my brother to return to his life. Only you need know his true bloodline. If you allow him to live, I will give you something that will serve your purpose far more than my death. I will accept discommendation. So be it. You are the son of a traitor. (Worf slaps Duras' face) Now I am ready. [Great Hall] tlhIH ghIj jIHyoj. You must also, brother. (Kurn turns his back, and Worf and Picard walk out of the hall) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Mrs Troi, I must protest your unauthorised presence on the Bridge. Please, Madame! That is a torpedo launch initiator, and, it is Worf, Madame, not Woof. (Deanna, Riker and Timicin enter) I have completed long range scans. There are no other life forms are present in this system. None within sensor range. Photon torpedoes armed and targeted. First volley released. Second volley released. [Engineering] The warships are taking a standard attack posture. Staggered approach vectors, within weapons range. Aye, sir. [Engineering]
The sound is not registering, Commander. (There is a bright flash, and a naked Q is suspended in mid air, lying on his side, with modesty maintained by the camera angle) Die. Delighted, Captain. You will walk or I will carry you. Too bad. [Corridor] Be quiet! Or disappear back where you came from. You have fooled us too often, Q. Computer, activate force field. They're standing by, Captain. Captain, sensors are picking up a cloud of energetic plasma. Bearing, three-four one mark two zero. Range, twelve kilometres and closing. Energy patterns are reading as highly organized. Receiving a signal, sir. On speaker. (but it's unintelligible) Captain, we're being hit by a field of energetic tachyons penetrating the hull. Location, deck ten, forward. No effect [Engineering] Still no effect [Ten forward] (Data tries to assist Q, but encounters static electricity and a possible forcefield) [Engineering] The added harmonics are blocking the tachyon field. [Ten forward] (Q is freed, and falls to the floor) Aye, sir. [Corridor] Captain, sensors are picking up an increased energy output from the Calamarain. Understood. [Engineering] Emergency! Shields up. Calamarain attacking. (big jolt) Shields holding. Tachyon field repelled. Calamarain resuming attack. (The ship is filled with bright light again) They've overpowered the shields. Hull penetration, deck thirty six, Engineering. Captain, an unscheduled shuttle has just been launched. Frequencies open. Captain, the plasma cloud is moving toward the shuttle. No, sir, but they are still moving toward the shuttle. Captain, Bre'el Four is hailing us.
You increased the difficulty level, sir. It would be helpful to know something about our mission. Shuttlecraft Feynman to Enterprise. We have cleared the shuttlebay. I am not familiar with metagenics. Leaving the planet safe to be conquered. Wouldn't using such a weapon pose as great a risk to the attacker as to the target? What do we know about Celtris Three? Celtris Three is in Cardassian space. How will we get there undetected? Bats? Of course not. First Officer's log, supplemental. We have rendezvoused with the Cardassian ship Reklar to begin diplomatic talks designed to ease tensions along the border. [Bridge] You're not afraid of heights, are you, Doctor? I doubt it. A phaser set to level sixteen should suffice. I have her. (they pull her out of the now-blocked tube) Sensor echoes established, but the false image will only last a few minutes. The hatch is magnetically sealed, but I believe I can bypass it. Ready. Captain! (an injured Cardassian shoots Worf in the shoulder and he falls out of the chamber. By the time Picard gets there, the door is shut) [Installation entrance]
There is something wrong with one of the antimatter containment units. The magnetic field is starting to fluctuate. Auxiliary control is not online. We are starting to lose containment on antimatter storage unit three. The control system for the primary containment field is not functioning. Sir, that crawlway is in a warp-plasma shaft. He would never survive the radiation.
What is this? Delicious. I am Lieutenant Worf. What of it? You have no information I could use. My father died twenty five years ago at Khitomer. My father is dead. How is that possible? Tell me what you know. Where is this planet? A Klingon would rather die than be taken prisoner. I should kill you for spreading lies about my family. My father was killed defending Khitomer. [Bridge] Ensign Lopez. This duty roster is unacceptable. The assignments should be listed in order of priority. Prepare it again. I will expect it no later than oh nine hundred hours. Dismissed. I am well aware of your request, Commander. Yes, sir. I am fine. I will send your schedule, sir. Excuse me. [Worf's quarters] (he is practising his martial arts, but gets angry and smashes a glass table. The doorbell chimes) Enter. No. He made a mistake. The duty roster was inaccurate. Today on the Promenade, a Yridian approached me. He knew who I was and tried to sell me information about Mogh. He claimed that he's alive and is being held captive in a Romulan prison camp. A Klingon would never allow himself to be captured. A warrior fights to the death. If my father were alive it would dishonour his sons and their sons for three generations. Even Alexander would bear the burden of guilt. My father is dead. That Yridian is selling lies! Wait. What is it, Commander? A moment. Yes. When I was young my adoptive parents arranged for me to partake in the Rite of MajQa. Why are you asking me about this? What happened? You are very fortunate. That is a powerful vision. You must find its meaning. If it has anything to do with your father, you must learn all you can about it. In the Klingon MajQa ritual, there is nothing more important than receiving a revelation about your father. Your father is part of you, always. Learning about him teaches you about yourself. That is why no matter where he is or what he has done, you must find him. Yes, of course. Do not stop until you have the answer. Yes. I wish to go to the Romulan prison camp. No. You will take me there. I checked the station records. You have a vessel that is capable of warp speed. What is the real reason you do not wish to take me? Is it because what you have told me is not true? Dangerous? It would be more dangerous for you to refuse. No. No, I will pay you after. If you are lying, if there is no prison camp, I will kill you. [Shrek's shuttlecraft] The foliage is very dense. It will take me approximately twelve hours to reach the camp. I may have to travel during the night. I am prepared. How did you learn of this camp? Why have you not informed the Klingon government of this place? You do this for profit. What reasons could you have for letting these people suffer? When will you return? Stop, please, I've come to help you. Yes. How did you get out of the camp? Does anyone know you are gone? You must lead me to the camp. That does not matter. I have come to take you home. It is very important you tell no one you saw me. (Ba'el goes to meet the person who called her) Quiet! I'm a friend. Worf, son of Mogh. I have come to find my father. Is he alive? Is he here? Did he die in battle? You were captured. Romulans. They robbed you of your right to die in battle. There's very little time. How many Klingons are being held here? How many Romulans guard the camp? What do you mean? I still have the scar. I do remember you now. I do not understand. I am Worf, son of Mogh. I have come to help you escape.
Captain, Chief Investigator Krag of the Tanugan security force requests permission to beam aboard. Aye, sir. I'm Lieutenant Worf, head of ship's Security. I will take you to the Captain. [Bridge] Commander, sensors indicate a radiation burst on deck thirty nine, outside cargo bay twelve. Unknown, sir. It is subsiding, sir. [Corridor] (Wesley is scanning a blister and hole in the bulkhead) Security to Doctor Crusher. Evacuate. Repeat, evacuate. Radiation emissions are indicated in Sickbay. (As Beverly and her patient leave, a hole is burnt in the bulkhead under a desk. Later, the damage is being examined)
Bluffing is not one of Counsellor Troi's strong suits.  It would have been unwise to call. Yes. My hand was not strong  enough.  How did you know what I had?  What happened?  Doctor, I will not attempt to leave Sickbay without your  approval. The restraining field is not necessary.  But I can't move my legs.  Please, sit down, Commander. Thank you for agreeing to see me in  this condition.  I am not merely injured, Commander. Doctor Crusher believes my  paralysis to be permanent.  I have a personal favour to ask.  I want you to assist me in performing the Hegh'bat ceremony. I  want you to help me die.  When a Klingon can no longer stand and face his enemies as a  warrior, when he becomes a burden to his friends and family, it is time  for the Hegh'bat. Time for him to die.  No, there are not. I will not live as an object of pity or shame.  My life as a Klingon is over.  You and I have served together for many years. Fought side by  side I know you to be a brave and honourable man. If you truly  consider me a friend, help me now. Help me end my life as I have lived  it, with dignity and honour. Please.  [Medical lab] You know why I left those instructions.  It is a question of honour, and I would ask you that you respect  my wishes in this matter, Counsellor.  No. Please come in, Doctor.  No! (rips the band off) I will not live like that.  Sixty percent of my mobility. No, I will not be seen lurching  through corridors like some half-Klingon machine, the object of  ridicule and disgust.  Come in, Alexander.  I am still struggling with my injury.  There is much to discuss. There will be difficult times ahead.  You must be strong.  Good. As Klingons, we must always be prepared for any  (a leg gives way and he falls to the floor)  Take him away.  Leave!  I am ready, Commander.  It is not something I expect you to understand.  It is not easy for me. But each of us must die in our own time,  and my time  I do not welcome death, Commander.  Will you, or will you not, help me with the Hegh'bat?  That is impossible. He is a child.  Alexander is not fully Klingon he is part human.  I need you to help me.  I have taught you about Klingon customs, the beliefs which we  value. According to tradition, I must take my life after suffering this  kind of injury. But I have decided to break with tradition. I have  decided to live.  I must still undergo a dangerous operation. I may still die, but  it will not be by my own hand. Return this to our quarters.  We will speak again soon.  If I die, he must be cared for.  No. They are elderly. They cannot care for Alexander. Counsellor,  I have a serious request to make of you. Would you consider?  I have come to have a great respect for you, Deanna. You have  been most helpful in guiding me since Alexander's arrival. I can't  imagine anyone who would be a better parent to my son. If it is too  much to ask.  I am ready.  [Operating theatre] (Worf is face down. Alyssa is the scrub nurse)  It's all right, Counsellor. I would appreciate some help from my  son. We will work together. 
It's the faulty reading I reported, sir. Careful, sir. (returning the hug) Nice planet. When in where, sir? I am not concerned with pleasure, Commander. I am a warrior. For what we consider love, sir, I would need a Klingon woman. Of course, but with the females available to me, sir, Earth females, I must restrain myself too much. They are quite fragile, sir. Bragging, sir? Including Wesley, the boy? He's outside. Can I take a moment of your time, Lieutenant? Death? Anyone who commits any crime in the punishment zone dies? We'd better find Wesley. [Planet surface] (The children are running and laughing near cold-frames, nicely marked out with low white fences around them, and throwing the ball back and forth) Punishment? If you mean what the others were talking about. Drop it. Drop it now! (He drops the needle and Tasha picks it up)
Enter. Enter. I am having problems. Klingons do not procrastinate. It is a tactical delay. I do not enjoy these diplomatic situations. I do not see why it is necessary to wear these ridiculous uniforms. They look like dresses. Yes. Yes Ambassador, it would be my pleasure to This way. (Worf and Byleth leave) I am sorry you do not care for our Doctor, it is all right. I am happy to bring more food. (Worf slices a meat joint as if he wishes it were Byleth) Fine. Ambassador Byleth is demanding, temperamental and rude. The Engineering sections encompass twelve decks of the secondary hull. Deck forty two contains the antimatter storage facility. Excuse me? I am not certain of the exact rate. This way. [Corridor] I am going to kill him! With my bare hands, I will take him by the throat and I will rip out his oesophagus I have failed in my mission, Commander. I am clearly a bad diplomat. For the sake of the ship and the Federation, I request reassignment. Commander, these Iyaarans are arrogant, irritating. They cannot be reasoned with! You see? You see? They are insane! Bah. (rearranging his cards) I'm in. And I raise twenty. Excuse me, Ambassador. Those are my chips. I saw you take two chips from my pile. Yes. I am losing because you've been cheating all along! You are an insulting, pompous fool, and if you were not an Ambassador, I would disembowel you right here! What? (happily) It was excruciating.
Origin point of the message confirmed, sir. It is from the Shelia star system. Captain, human life form readings from the planet. Impossible to get an accurate reading. High levels of radiation are disrupting our sensors. So are the ship's phasers. Loading all the Enterprise shuttlecraft to capacity, evacuation will take four weeks, four days. Their home world is quite distant, Captain. This will take some time. [Main square] (Plastered walls, arcades, insects chirping, a waterfall that comes all the way from the mountain into a communal pool) No response. Sheliak Corporate. This is the starship Enterprise. Respond please. (A vaguely humanoid blob appears, looking like lumps of mud) Open. Aye, sir. [Ard'rian's home] Aye, sir. Open. They are not responding. No response. This is hopeless. Fighting would be preferable. (Picard stops it at paragraph 1290 Third Party Arbitration Clause) Yes, sir. Coming through, sir. Captain, they are hailing us. (one, two, three, four, make him wait outside the door. Picard inspects the ship's plaque for dust) Sir? (Five, six, seven, eight, does the beggar good to wait) Acknowledged. Stand by.
Enterprise to shuttlecraft Fermi. We have just received a distress signal from the Starfleet science team on Ligos Seven. No, sir. The call was cut off in mid-transmission. Aye, sir. The shuttle has been enveloped by an energy field. It's engines and life support have failed. The probe. Aye, sir. Bridge to Commander Riker. We are entering orbit around Ligos Seven, sir. No, sir. I have been attempting to. Commander, two ships decloaking fore and aft. Klingon birds of prey, B'rel class. (which promptly start firing at the Enterprise) We've lost primary life support. Switching to secondary systems. Phasers locked. Starboard power coupling is down. Warp engines are offline. Down to thirteen percent. (the ship takes more hits) Casualties reported on decks twenty six and twenty seven. We have lost shields. Heavy casualties on decks thirty five through forty.
The Black Cluster is within visual range, Captain. Aye, Captain. (it looks like any other streak of black against a star cluster) Nothing, Commander. The gravitational forces will affect sensor accuracy. Detecting an enemy vessel will be difficult. We are approaching the perimeter. I'm picking up the gravitational wavefronts. Shields up. (the ship rocks in the waves) Captain, I am reading something at four hundred thousand kilometres off the starboard bow. Possibly a ship. Sensor readings have disappeared. Wait, I am picking up another reading at four hundred thousand kilometres off the port bow. It's gone. No, it is back to starboard. Aye. Captain, that formation is seven times more massive than any explored previously. That could explain the difference. Captain, gravitational wavefront intensity is increasing steadily. Eleven hundred standard G units and rising. Aye, sir. Gravitational distortion is too great, Captain. The scanning signal is again being reflected off the wavefronts. I am unable to compensate. The sensors are useless. The distortion is still in effect. The secondary beam is being distorted as well. (Data enters) Firing phasers. (the single shot branches off in several directions) Wavefront intensity has increased. Aye, sir. (a big wave sets off alarms) Minimal, sir. Shields are holding. (Picard, Timothy and Troi enter) Aye. Wavefront intensity has increased by an order of magnitude. Impact in three, two, one. (very big hit) Wave front intensity is continuing to increase. Structural over-pressure now exceeding one hundred eighty percent. Initiating warp-transfer pathways now. Wavefront intensity has increased by a factor of ten. Contact in thirty one seconds. Without additional power to the shields, the outer hull will not hold. Impact in fifteen seconds. (Data finishes running his analysis) Aye. (a very gently ripple rocks the ship)
Sir, the ship is locking phasers. Do you know any Klingon opera? Surely, you must know at least one theme from Aktuh and Maylota. Worf to Enterprise. A fat Ferengi [Bridge] Has just entered the establishment. It is. Sir, a coded subspace signal from Romulus. It's the Captain. The message did employ the proper coded sequence. Sir, sensors are picking up three vessels crossing the Neutral Zone. Vulcan ships. One four three mark zero one two. They say they are escorting a peace envoy from Romulus to Vulcan. They request that we monitor Federation subspace channels. Ambassador Spock will be making an announcement shortly. Sir, the Captain's orders were to maintain One, sir. A Rutian archaeological vessel. The Vulcan ships have entered Federation space. Maintaining low warp. Incoming message from Romulus on all subspace channels. Fourteen minutes, sir. [Romulan office] The Vulcan defence vessels are also responding. The Romulan force is retreating toward the Neutral Zone. Visual range, Commander. The warbird is powering up its forward disruptor array. Aye, sir. [Other Caves]
For some, security is more important than comfort. Captain, we're being hailed. Open. I'll try. Now. I doubt if anything ever meets with that woman's approval, sir. Do not be fooled by her looks. The body is just a shell. [Salia's quarters] (Salia is talking to another teenaged girl. Where did she come from?) That is how the Klingon lures a mate. No. Men do not roar. Women roar. Then they hurl heavy objects. And claw at you. He reads love poetry. He ducks a lot. Then go to her door. Beg like a human. I'm here to escort you on a tour of the Enterprise. This is the dilithium crystal chamber. Our Chief Engineer, Geordi La Forge. Anya. Please come with me. Aye, sir. (Anya stalks out) Wait for me. What kind of creature is she? Such a creature would make a perfect protector. Aye, sir. Captain, what if Anya transforms? Remain here. You are restricted to these quarters for the remainder of this voyage. I am in charge of Security. There is no need for concern. She is safe on this ship. You no longer have the choice. You have to trust me to protect her. My responsibility to the ship includes protecting Salia. I was unprepared. Still, you are here, confined to your room. I would have stopped you. If not me, someone else. We will see. [Ready room] Captain, I am encountering the same interference we experienced on Klavdia Three. Captain, I'm receiving an audio signal. Sir, there are beam-down coordinates encoded within the carrier signal. Forcefield off. [Salia's quarters] We have arrived. I will escort you to transporter room six. No. You are a worthy opponent. Yes, we are. It would be an honour. Shall we go? [Wesley's quarters]
Captain. The Federation Outpost on Bersallis Three reports that they are entering a period of fire storm activity. Bridge to Captain. Bersallis Three reports that the storm has changed its speed and heading. They are predicting it will hit the outpost within eight hours, and are requesting evacuation. Seventeen minutes. Captain, the storm will reach the northern perimeter in four minutes. The storm has reached the perimeter. [Sickbay] Bridge to Captain. We have found survivors, sir. They are beaming up now.
Open. No battle damage. We have to board her, Captain. And lost. Aye, sir. [Bridge] Quarantine warnings active on all frequencies, Captain. Open. I recommend against contact, Captain. A trick! Commander Data is ready to come aboard, sir. Torpedoes ready, Commander.
Very exciting. Transfer the signal to this station. Mother. Is father with you? Very well. I will make arrangements for you to come aboard. Hello, Alexander. It is good to see you both. How long can you stay? Mother, why does Alexander believe he is remaining? Mother. Mother. We need to talk about Alexander. I don't remember you smiling when I knocked over that lamp. Mother, you both have many years Mother, that is not possible. We must find another option. Difficulties? Mother, Klingon children are often difficult to control. My son is a liar? Did you enjoy going to school on Earth? Did you like your teachers? Good. I understand you lived in my old room. Good. [Mrs. Kyle's office] Alexander. The teacher asked you a question. Yes. Yes, of course. It has not been decided. [Ready room] I apologise for being late, Captain. I was detained in school. I was enrolling my son in class. Worf here. This is not a good time. I will contact you shortly, Miss Kyle. Sorry, Captain. Yes, Doctor? I would rather discuss this at a later time. Thank you, Captain. [Observation lounge] (an alien humanoid is giving a presentation) Yes. Good. Yes. We cannot attend. I have a personnel review scheduled at thirteen hundred hours. I might be able to reschedule the review. Are you accusing him of stealing? Alexander, did you take the model of the lizard from the table? A Klingon's honour is more important to him than his life. A Klingon would gladly face the most horrible punishment rather than bring shame or disgrace to his family name. His word is his bond. Without it, he is nothing. Do you understand? (a tiny nod) Why did you lie to me? Did you fear the punishment you would receive? You don't know why you lied, and yet you did. You don't know why you stole, and yet you did! Alexander, come here. When I was a child, younger than you, I lost my parents, my family, my people. Everything I had was taken from me except my sense of honour. It was the one thing I had which was truly Klingon and which no one could take away. Do you know who they are? (a statuette of two semi-naked klingon wrestlers) And his brother, Morath. They fought for twelve days and twelve nights because Morath had broken his word and brought shame to his family. When you lie or steal, you not only dishonour yourself, but your family. You dishonour me. I accept your word. We will not speak of this matter again. [Corridor] Counsellor? You have not heard? Bridge. There was an incident. Alexander stole a small model and then told a falsehood. But I have remedied the situation. I pointed out his error, told him about Kahless and Morath, and explained the value of honour. The boy understood. Thank you, that will not be necessary. Alexander will not repeat this mistake. [Bridge] Incoming message from Doctor Ja'Dar. Several injuries reported on deck twenty seven. No fatalities. Incoming message from Bilana Three, Captain. I apologise. I was detained. Thank you. What sort of concerns? Perhaps you do not have experience dealing with Klingon children. They require a firm hand. I did not tell him that. Computer, where is Alexander Rozhenko? I will handle this. [Corridor] Computer, what programme is being run? Computer, freeze programme. Yes, I saw. Why are you here? But you did not ask permission to take my bat'leth, or permission to use the holodeck. I also said I wanted you to obey your teachers and keep your promise to me. Ms. Kyle has told me about your behaviour. About your lies. Alexander, do not continue to I will not listen to more lies. Return to our quarters. Not now. Not after you have broken your word. Enough! It is now clear to me that I have failed in my duties as your father. You have no understanding about what it means to be Klingon. I will arrange for you to attend a Klingon school. There you will learn the lessons I have failed to teach you. Would you further dishonour our family with your disobedience? You will go to our quarters and remain there until I return. [Bridge] (at the aft stations) It is not a question of what I want. It is a question of what is best for the boy. He will be better off at a Klingon school. He is a child. I informed him of my decision. You disapprove? I will be pleased that he is receiving the guidance he requires. That was different. At the time, I felt he needed a home, a family. Things I could not provide for him. He was no burden. I simply knew that a Klingon child required more attention than I could provide. He was very young. I'm sure he was confused. Are you saying that his misconduct is a result of feeling abandoned? We argued. Alexander. About how she did not tell me about him when he was born. Yes. Of course not. Alexander. Stop for a moment. Let us talk. I want you to understand why you are going away. You do not understand. I'm concerned about your future. A Klingon school will be a better environment for you. That is not true. Alexander. If your mother were here I do not think she would want us to fight like this. Acknowledged. Remain here. I will return shortly. (Worf leaves, Alexander throws his suitcase on the floor and storms away) [Observation lounge] Excuse me. The shields have not been fully restored. Shield strength is down to thirty three percent. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. Torpedoes loaded. Deflector strength is down to twelve percent. There are fluctuations in several warp transfer conduits. Tractor beams and transporters offline. Sir, there is a fire in biolab four, The fire suppression apparatus is not functioning. Sensors show he is alive. He may be injured. Transporters are still offline. Captain, permission to leave the bridge. Stand clear. (the door opens and flames burst out before being suppressed) [Biolab] (there are pockets of fire everywhere) Alexander! Commander, I've found him! (he is pinned under the remains of something) Over here. Help me. (they try to lift the debris) Lie still, I am here. Thank you, Doctor. (Crusher leaves them) Do not concern yourself with that. Yes, but we will discuss that at a later time. Klingon schools are designed to be difficult. The physical and mental hardships faced by the students are meant to build character and strength. However, if you wish to face a greater challenge, you may stay here with me. It will not be easy, for either one of us, but perhaps we can face the challenge together. I believe your mother would be pleased. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
The archeologists have identified the markings in these caverns. This planet was apparently once home to a race known as the Koinonians. We have completed our survey of the third tunnel and will proceed into the ceremonial chamber. Captain. Emergency beam up! Enterprise, emergency! Severe injuries. We had completed our investigation of the third tunnel. Our scans had indicated no weapons or traps of any kind. Lieutenant Aster was three metres behind me. An explosive device went off. There was no warning. Lieutenant Aster bore the full brunt of the detonation. (Troi enters) Captain. I must accompany you. I commanded the away team. I have made my report to the Captain. I cannot seek revenge against an enemy who's turned to dust centuries ago. Her death was senseless. The last victim of a forgotten war. There's nothing more to be said. A leader must stand alone. As Captain Picard does. Then may I seek your counsel about my plan to make the R'uustai with the boy. It is my right. He is an orphan. I am an orphan. He will understand. I only wish to honour his mother. Jeremy Aster? I'm Lieutenant Worf. May I enter? Yes. I was with Lieutenant Aster, your mother, when she died. Yes. What did they teach you about us? Did they also teach you that every Klingon hopes to die in the line of duty as your mother did? In my tradition, we do not grieve the loss of the body. We celebrate the releasing of the spirit. Jeremy Aster, we may both understand it, but we must bring meaning to your mother's death. Perhaps we can do it together. [Ready room] Jeremy, come here. Lieutenant Worf to Captain Picard. [Bridge] Lieutenant Aster is in her quarters. Lieutenant Aster is here. In her quarters with the boy. Where are you taking the child? Worf to Picard, they're leaving their quarters. [Turbolift] Captain, I believe we're headed for transporter room three. Security to transporter room three. Energy force has left transporter room three. Security alert, all decks. [Bridge] Power's back in transporter room three. [Engineering] Transporter is down again. Go ahead, Captain. Yes, sir. They were killed in battle when I was six. When I was alone, humans helped me. Let me help you. The Marla Aster I knew and honoured is not in this room. Nor does she await you on the planet. Now she lives only here And here. (in their hearts) Join me in the R'uustai, the Bonding. You will become part of my family now and for all time. We will be brothers. (Marla goes up to Jeremy, then walks away. She and the house illusion vanish. All is as it should be again) [Worf's quarters] (Worf and Jeremy are lighting seriously chunky candles. Then Worf puts a sash across Jeremy's shoulder) SoS jIH batlh SoH. It honours the memory of our mothers. We have bonded and our families are stronger.
Firing, sir. (A massive ray of energy goes out) The Borg ship is undamaged. That would be a great advantage. The Borg have neither honour nor courage. That is our greatest advantage. We have the new phaser adapters. Sensors are picking up several vessels, Captain. Visual contact. Sir, sensors are picking up unusually strong eddy currents, bearing two zero zero, mark two one one. Shuttle has penetrated the Borg electromagnetic field. Data! (Borg Picard is easily as strong as Worf. Data does something to the back of Picard's neck to knock him out, then all three beam back aboard the shuttlecraft) [Shuttlecraft] Mission accomplished. We have him. The Klingon Empire will never yield. I like my species the way it is. It is confirmed. The Borg have broken through the Mars defence perimeter. Sir, the Borg have halted their approach to Earth. Visual contact with the Borg. Sensors reading increased power generation from the Borg. Aye, Captain. Their weapon systems are fully charged. Borg attempting to lock on tractor beam. Borg cutting beam activated. Sir, shall I execute evacuation sequence? Minimal power. Nonexistent. Tricorder readings are fluctuating rapidly, Commander.
Captain, main Engineering is ready to proceed. Captain, can you allow a man who has made one mistake back into a position where he may make another? A Klingon Targ! My pet. From home, but when I was a child. Yes, I suppose you could call it that. (The Targ vanishes, and a ginger cat lands on Tasha's console) [Turbolift] (The turbolift doors open, and Picard nearly steps out - into space rushing by at warp speed. He pulls himself back in, the doors close then open again into an ordinary corridor. He steps out carefully) [Bridge] (Tasha is fondling the cat)
We have unwelcome visitors, sir. (the Cardassians have arrived) Aye, sir. (Worf enters) Aye, sir. [Habak] (the room is smoky and Wesley is getting dizzy. Lakanta vanishes) [Village] (the fire is still between Wesley and the figure) Mister Crusher. Are you all right? (to security woman) Lay out a confinement beam trace along the southeastern side of the village. Be discreet. We do not wish to alarm these people. We are laying out transporter coordinates for a security perimeter. It may be necessary to remove these people by force. I understand, but now is not the time or the place to Why have you taken these men prisoner? The terms of the treaty gives them the right to survey this planet. Worf to Picard. An armed group of Indians has taken two Cardassian prisoners. The situation is extremely volatile. [Observation lounge] Request instructions. I cannot allow you to hold these men as prisoners.
A Promellian battle cruiser? I did not play with toys. Admirable. They died at their posts. Aye, sir. Readouts indicate we are being bombarded with a field of high intensity radiation. Aye, sir. Radiation intensity increasing. No, sir. The radiation field is so strong it interferes with our sensors. Negligible. Nothing substantial, Captain. There is a point one percent dip in the strength of the radiation field at two one mark eight by four two mark zero. Phasers locked on coordinates. Radiation levels increasing. Eight percent. Ten percent. Under two hours, Captain. And the radiation field has increased by seventeen percent. We will be entering the debris field in eight seconds. No reaction from the assimilator. Sir! Object to port. Aye, sir. (Four red balls, and four big explosions from the ship and three asteroids) [Utopia Planitia Drafting room]
Commander, there is a shuttle missing from bay two. I have hailed the shuttle on all frequencies. No response. Commander. My status board indicates that the shuttle is back in bay two. Captain, the sixth planet in the system is Class M. It is as though some great force just scooped all the machine elements off the face of the planet. Captain, we are being probed. A ship. It is on an intercept course. Going to Yellow Alert. Aye, sir. I detect no shields, no weapons of any known design. Open. No response. Aye, sir. [Engineering] Ensign. (The security man is casually thrown across Engineering. Worf's phaser has no effect. Now the Borg steps up his electronic infiltration of the engineering systems, and the lights go out) Captain, we are being hailed. Captain, the Borg have locked on to us with some form of tractor beam. The beam is draining our shields. Shields weakening. Phasers locked on target. They still have us. A type of laser beam is slicing into the saucer section. Coming in, sir. Sections twenty seven, twenty eight, twenty nine on decks four, five and six destroyed. Eighteen were in those sections and are missing. They have sustained damage to twenty percent of their vessel. Life support minimal. Captain, I have the casualty list coming on screen. There are no life sign readings. Torpedoes armed. They had no effect. The Borg are still gaining. Captain, the enemy vessel is firing on us. There are no reports of any damage to the Enterprise. Confirmed. Shield effectiveness has been reduced twelve percent. They're firing again. Shields have been reduced forty one percent. Another hit and we will be defenceless. Torpedoes armed. The Borg ship was not damaged. The Borg ship is firing. We have lost shields again. [Engineering] The Borg ship is re-establishing its tractor beam. Yes, sir.
A ship could have been caught in the distortion field and crashed. The survivors may have taken refuge here. Worf to Enterprise. Two to beam up. We are losing time. Lieutenant Riker should be here. You were supposed to report here at eight hundred hours. The primary EPS coupling is fused. The entire unit will have to be replaced. Two pair. Four. Fold. I think so. I am not easy to get along with. Or perhaps it is more a matter of seeing something in your double. Something you do not like in yourself. [Cavern] (twisted metal and various bits and pieces of scaffolding and gantry across a chasm) Initiating data transfer. Captain's log, stardate 46920.1. We have retrieved the database from Nervala station and are headed for our rendezvous with the Gandhi. [Lt. Riker's quarters]
Captain, I am picking up an unidentified device one point eight kilometres from the array. Negative, sir. I show no activity. Captain, the probe has begun to move. It is approaching the Enterprise. Aye, sir. [Sickbay] Probe now closing at fifteen point three metres per second. Collision course. The probe is matching our speed and course. Sir, the shuttlecraft shields did not provide sufficient protection for its computer. Our computer may also be vulnerable. I recommend withdrawal to a safe distance. The probe is following. Sir, recommend full phasers. Firing phasers. (the probe just glows a bit more) No effect, Captain. Aye, sir. The probe is still with us, sir. Yes, sir. Captain, we're dropping to impulse. [Engineering] Aye. (three direct hits and a big light display. The ship rocks) Aye, Commander. [Holodeck] Captain, we have lost computer control. Computer is coming back online, sir. By Barclay. Captain, I am picking up subspace distortion. Audio is disconnected. We may speak freely. Sir, the subspace distortion continues to increase. [Holodeck] Sir, we're going in. Audio's disconnected. Aye, Captain. [Holodeck] (Worf and two security men march in. One approaches Barclay and is repelled by a forcefield) Phasers. Maximum setting. Conduits. (no effect, then the Enterprise is stretched in to the red and swirly thing, with internal wormhole effects) [Bridge] He is protected by a force field. We could not disconnect him. Captain!
No, sir. Sir. I believe I know why our messages are not being answered. Gowron has been rewriting Klingon history. Yes. He is claiming it was his courage, his genius, which brought an end to the civil war. In the new version there is no mention made of the Federation's help in his rise to power. Yes, sir. (at the science station) Captain, we are being hailed by the Klingon home world. Neither, sir. It is the junior adjutant to the diplomatic delegation. B'iJik, sir. Worf to Captain Picard. A Klingon vessel is decloaking off our port bow. Compliments of Gowron. Aye, sir. I have made contact, Commander. Aye, sir. We are approaching the designated coordinates, Commander. Approaching the coordinates of the Tripoli, sir. Commander, sensors detect a ship approaching at warp speed. Negative. No transponder signal, no subspace marker. The ship is coming out of warp, sir. The ship is entering sector twelve delta four He's powering up engines, turning to starboard. Open. Sir, the ship is locking phasers. It's coming about. There is an energy build up in their phaser banks. Sir, they're activating weapons. (thump) Forward shields down to seventy two percent. Forward shields down to sixty eight percent, aft shields forty percent. Ready, sir. Their forward shields are damaged, sir.
Open. No response. Not yet, sir. The Cardassian's shields are down to thirty percent. Sir, we are within weapons range. Yes, sir. The Maquis are breaking formation. They are withdrawing. Aye, sir. [Sickbay] We are looking for a Bajoran woman, dark hair. If we learn that she has been here, this establishment will be closed down. Yes. Captain, the distress call is being repeated. Captain, the computer has detected a piggyback communication on the last distress signal. It will take a few moments. The message is difficult to decode. Interference has garbled much of the transmission, but it seems to be from Lieutenant Ro. Captain, a quantity of medical supplies was beamed from cargo bay seven. Aye, sir. Captain, in order to ensure that the ship Commander Riker and Lieutenant Ro are piloting does not come under fire, I have relayed their warp signature to the rest of the attack force. Aye, sir. [Ro's ship] Captain, Lieutenant Ro's ship is not retreating with the others. It is heading toward us.
Ensign, what are you doing on the holodeck? I thought you were still on Relva Seven. I've disturbed you. I'll leave. How is the testing? Why? Do those things frighten you? The psych test is no more or less important than the rest of the process. Thinking about what you can't control only wastes your energy and creates its own enemy. By analysing your psychological profile. They were very accurate about everyone I tested with. Including myself. Only fools have no fear. It is very difficult for me to depend on anyone for anything. But especially for my life. Yes. No. It is still my enemy. [Bridge] Too late. He's using the flight emergency override Tractor beam? By accident, sir. No. Meaning by accident, sir. Is it required, sir?
Security team to Captain's quarters. [Holding cell] (Picard wakes up in a hexagonal room with a thing in the middle. There are a total of four beds, two more of which are occupied) Security override. Priority one. (The door opens to reveal - Picard holding his book and a glass of brandy) Sir, the Hood has arrived at the rendezvous point. They are expecting us in thirty six hours. Aye, Commander. Of course, Captain. Anything unusual, Doctor? It is not enough evidence to justify mutiny.
Sir, we are being hailed on a secured channel by Captain DeSoto. The Romulans claim all that is in their field of vision. Something is out there, sir, tracking us, matching our speed and heading. Something which does not fully register on our instruments. It is not a sensor malfunction. Aye, sir. [Tam's quarters] Captain. Our sensors are detecting a subspace wave front of highly ionised particles preceding the object which is tracking us. (Troi and Tam have entered) Romulan warbird closing. They are arming main disruptors, Captain. Aye, sir. The Romulan has passed us. Casualties reported. Seventy percent loss to the shields. Captain, the Romulans are arming all disruptors. Nothing available yet, sir. We have partial failure of the main computer. One moment, Commander. Confirmed. Sir, the other Romulan ship on an intercept course. Captain, the Romulan has uncloaked. Phasers available on manual, sir. Computer target lock not functioning. Open. Confirmed. The alien has thrown up a shield. It is blocking all our sensors. Captain, the Romulans' weapons systems are now at full power. Aye, sir. [Gomtuu corridor] (Tam's hand sinks into the organic wall) Sir, the Romulans are hailing us. Power levels aboard the alien are increasing, sir. Power levels aboard Tin Man are increasing beyond our sensor range. (Gomtuu does his spin and throws out another wave of energy, this time just pushing the two starships fairly gently away from the sun) There is no sign of Tin Man or the Romulans, sir. Captain, on screen. (The star flares in a supernova)
One. Pah! I suspect conspiracy. Far be it for me to accuse my superior officers. Subspace message from the Arcos. Their transmitter is failing, sir. Audio only. Unable to establish contact. I've been trying to, Captain. No response. Sir, we can anticipate a violent response to our presence. Perhaps the Doctor should wait here until we signal. The colony is completely lawless. Lieutenant Yar spoke of rape gangs and Proximity detectors. I've seen them used on Manu Three. That is no better than a ransom demand. Then why do you need more phasers? A battle exercise. No promises, no denials. Captain. Transmission coming in from Turkana Four, on a secure channel. Mute. I do not trust him. Open. Incoming transmission from the colony, Captain. We will need a diversion. Commander! We do not have much choice. I understand you wish to join Starfleet. On that day, it is we who will be lucky. [Transporter room] (Worf and Ishara enter) Caution is indicated. Are you certain? Commander, look. She probably tried to draw their fire. It triggered the alarm. Come on.
Yes. Of course. I have attended human weddings before. (he runs through few pictures and stops at glasses) Hold. Yes, my adoptive parents often give these things at family weddings. A human custom. (he changes the picture to a glass swan) Hold. No. An honour, perhaps. But human bonding rituals often involve a great deal of talking and dancing and crying. Aye, sir. They are responding. Text only. We are to proceed to the agreed coordinates. Captain, the warbird is holding position. In three minutes we will be within phaser range. Open. Understood. Transporter activated. Captain! Boosting power to autosequencers. Bridge to Captain Picard. Admiral Mendak is hailing. He wishes to speak with you. [Bridge] The ship is still in the Neutral Zone on course zero seven nine mark one two five. Speed, warp two. Aye, sir. No response. Message coming in, sir. Captain, Romulan warbird decloaking to starboard. Captain, long range sensors detect three Romulan warbirds entering this sector. All systems normal, sir. We are on course for Adelphous Four. Engineering is realigning the main deflector dish. Sickbay reports Lieutenant Umbato broke two ribs during a holodeck exercise, and sensors continue to gather long-range information on the Murasaki quasar. Aye, sir.
Captain, I'm recording a distortion in quadrant one, mark nine zero. We're being scanned, sir. Captain! Sir, similar incidents all decks, but only with the children. [First Unit] Captain, Saucer Section reports six more children are gone. Transporter room, now! [Aldean corridor] (Data and Riker arrive safely and head off into) [Custodian room]
Captain, incoming signal. Starfleet priority one. Admiral Haftel. Captain, Commander Riker's shuttle has just returned.
Phaser upgrades are complete, Commander. And we have begun power supply calibration. Thank you, sir. Sir? No, sir. It is inappropriate for a Klingon to receive family while on duty. As humans, my parents do not understand. No, sir. That will not be necessary. Not at all. I have already informed them by correspondence of my discommendation. I do not believe any human can truly understand my dishonour. [Picard's quarters] (Picard is in casual clothes, packing a case) They still have not signalled? My mother is never on time. It is so human of her. I am not looking forward to this. I wish they would come so it would begin and end sooner. Unlikely. I am not concerned about my father chasing nurses. Mother. Father. No. Let me take you to We are in the midst of a repair. I cannot give you a complete tour. We have taken enough of the Commander's time. Commander La Forge, call me when you, when my father wishes to leave. Mother, Father, I wish you would be a little more reserved while you are on board. Worf here. On my way, Commander. Have Guinan call me if you need anything. (Worf leaves, and Sergey and Helena get up, agitated and walk towards the windows) Enter. No. No. I thought you were going to your quarters to sleep. Please. When I heard you were on the visitors' list, I was not sure I wanted you to come. I am glad you are here. I must bear my dishonour alone. No. Perhaps some of your rokeg blood pie. Captain. Welcome back. These are my parents, Helena and Sergey Rozhenko. (They shake hands) 
 Despite their reputations, this Zakdorn does not appear to be a very formidable warrior So no one is willing to test that perception in combat. Then the reputation means nothing. [Observation lounge] (Kolrami is giving a presentation at the viewscreen.)  Enter! Just finished. Waste of time. Useless. If there is nothing to lose, no sacrifice, then there is nothing to gain. There is always a chance. Well, still Guile. The honour is to serve. [Bridge] I have wagered heavily in the ship's pool that you will take him past the sixth plateau. I will be irritated. Computer. Actuation positions for Strategema. Ready? Begin. Away team assembled and ready to transport, Commander. Not good. Sir, Lieutenant La Forge is a superior officer. The honour should be his. Signal received. Locked on.  With my knowledge of the Enterprise's security override, we may be able to convince the sensors that an enemy ship is approaching. Their instruments would lie to them. If I am successful, the computer will project a false image of the enemy ship on the main viewscreen.  Attempt the routing bypass here. If it works, they will be surprised. Anywhere. Counter with Talupian manoeuvre on instrument sighting. Aye, sir. [Bridge]  Computers report heavy damage to Enterprise. We must assist, sir. Very unfortunate. [Hathaway Bridge]  We will be dead.  That only deceive them for a few minutes. Their sensors will soon locate us. No game of Strategema has ever gone this high.
I am fine. I did not faint. Klingons do not faint. Doctor, there is no need to insult me. Klingons do not give in to illness. But that is a childhood ailment! How shall I live down the humiliation? Still, for a warrior to find himself in such a situation. How would Commander Riker feel if he had the measles. Thank you. I am in your debt. [Ready room] Doctor. I wished to thank you for protecting my You know the ceremony? You must not drink the tea. It is deadly to humans. It is a test of bravery, of one's ability to look at the face of mortality. It is also a reminder that death is an experience best shared, like the tea. It is among the Klingons that love poetry achieves its fullest flower. Shields at maximum. Hailing on all frequencies. No response so far, but the flares may be interfering with communications. There is no artificial power source on the planet. Evacuation will be difficult. We can lower our shields for transport only between the flares. Two hundred and twenty three. Lieutenant Worf, here. Report. Keep the area clear. Fire has been contained. No damage. Automated fire system. A force field contains the flame until the remaining oxygen within the field has been consumed. You would have been standing in the fire. You would have suffocated and died. She is very like a Klingon woman. You sent for me? You can obtain spirituous liquours from the food dispensers. No, if you wish, it can be real alcohol. With all of the deleterious effects intact. Chech'tluth. (A Klingon mug, with steam coming off it. The top Danilo's head does a somersault) What? Madam, have you considered a career in security? Signal from the planet, Captain. Quadruplets. [Hallway] Clones?
We are nearing the Ohniaka system, sir. Sensors detect one ship orbiting the third planet. Its configuration does not match anything in our records. No response, sir. These wounds were caused by a forced plasma beam, similar to a Ferengi hand phaser. Two hundred and seventy four. Aye, sir. (Data tries to open a door) None taken. And that Borg also showed concern for a fallen comrade. He even called him by name. Aye, sir. At warp nine, fifteen minutes, thirty seconds. Captain, incoming message from the New Berlin Colony. They have cancelled their distress call. Evidently a Ferengi trading ship entered their system and someone panicked. Aye, sir. Captain's log, supplemental. We have been on patrol for sixteen hours, and there are no reports of further Borg activity. But tensions continue to run high on the colonies and outposts in this sector. [Ready room] (Picard is reviewing a record from 45855.4 - 07 18 51.4 onwards) I have located the Borg ship. It is heading away from the colony. Within visual range. We are closing, sir. Within phaser range in thirty seconds. Within phaser range in ten seconds. (the Borg ship vanishes in a flash of white light and Enterprise shakes) Shields failing. Inertial dampers failing. Captain, the Borg ship is directly ahead. It is coming about. Shields down to sixteen percent. (the Borg fire an energy bolt, and two drones materialise on the Bridge) Aye, sir. Security reports no other intruders aboard. Captain, the Borg ship is gone. Sensor logs indicate they entered the distortion field thirty seconds ago. Captain, a shuttlecraft has left bay two. There was no authorisation. Aye, sir. The tractor beam has been disabled. Command override is not functioning. It is the Borg prisoner, and Commander Data. (a flash on the viewscreen) The command overrides used to disable the tractor were Commander Data's. Shields up. Weapons ready. Sensors show no unusual subspace activity. Captain, there is an energy fluctuation directly ahead of us. It is the subspace distortion. Power levels are down to sixty seven percent. No, sir. There is no indication of the shuttle within range of our sensors. They were heading two four seven, mark zero five nine. The EM interference is limiting the tricorder range. It is useless beyond one hundred metres.
Commander Riker to the Bridge. We are picking up a distress call on long range sensors. It is Romulan, sir. They claim they have suffered a complete engine failure. Power levels are dropping. Life support is failing. It could be a trick. Approximately thirteen hours. Aye, sir. Captain's log, stardate 46944.2. Commander Data, Mister La Forge, Counsellor Troi and I are en route to the Enterprise, after attending a three day conference on the psychological effects of long-term deep-space assignments. [Runabout cockpit]
Coordinates have been input, sir. None. No. I am not expecting battle. Riva. Before him, there was no Klingon word for peacemaker. Aye, sir. (Picard, Troi and Worf get on the transporter pads) Sir. (A well build man with red hair and beard has entered. He stops in front of each of them in turn. Please note this actor really is deaf.) With your permission, Captain. Enterprise, this is the away team. Seven to beam up. [Bridge] Captain, I'm reading laser activity on the Solais Five. It is localised, but very intense. I'm receiving one side only. The other faction is breaking through, sir. The quality of the transmission is very poor. The laser fire has ceased. Yes, sir. They're coming, Commander. Interesting. A technique of communication which is both silent and covert. It could be very useful. There are no life signs in the immediate area. The area is clear, Commander.
A cause for concern. For all we know, they could be threatening our border. Not enough time. A contest, perhaps. Between champions. Our captain against theirs. On screen. Gladly, sir. Aye, Commander. The positron density is point zero one three. [Bridge] Electron concentration seven point nine five. Particle gradient, four over seven. We are two hundred and fifty kilometres from the planet's surface. Navigational, life-support, propulsion normal. [Shuttlecraft] Onboard systems do not appear to be disrupted by the field, but I can barely read you, Commander. Starboard thrusters destroyed. I may be able to land but I will not be able to take off. Aye, sir. [Bridge] I do not believe so. I have confidence in his ability as a warrior. He will be victorious. Then why do we wait? If we attack the ship now, they will not be able to maintain their scattering field. It would end this stalemate. Commander, sensors are picking up an electromagnetic disturbance approaching the Captain's position. A variable induction field. Possibly a life form. The field is erratic, appearing and disappearing, but it appears to be moving toward him. If it fails Agreed. The Tamarian and the entity are in close proximity. The Tamarian's lifesigns are fluctuating. Aye, sir. They have closed the channel. Unless we attack the ship itself. Phasers nearly ready, sir. Their particle beam emitters are inoperative, sir. Aye, sir. (The Tamarians return fire) Starboard shields holding at fifty two percent. Forward shields are gone. They are matching our manoeuvres, sir, and firing. Firing, sir. Their shields are holding. They are firing again. (Boom!) Our shields have failed. Aye, Captain.
I hope so. No bet. Fifty? Fold. He does not have a straight. Bridge to Captain Picard. We are getting unusual readings twenty thousand kilometres off the starboard bow. It is a highly localised distortion of the space-time continuum. Shields inoperative. No response. Engaging tractor beam. (but the NCC 1841 clips the nacelle anyway) I hope so. No bet. Is there something wrong, Doctor? Bridge to Captain Picard. We are getting unusual readings twenty thousand kilometres off the starboard bow. It is a highly localised distortion of the space-time continuum. Shields inoperative. No response. Engaging tractor beam. (thump) I hope (pause) so. I am experiencing nIb'poH, the feeling I have done this before. That's not what I mean. Nine. Jack. Four. A highly localised distortion of the space-time continuum. Maybe we should reverse course. Shields inoperative. No response. Engaging tractor beam. (thump) I hope so. I am experiencing nIb'poH. The feeling I have done this before. That is not what I mean. I was also sure. A highly localised distortion of the space-time continuum. Perhaps we should reverse course. It is a highly localised distortion of the space-time continuum. Shields inoperative. No response. Engaging tractor beam. (Data looks at Riker's three pips) We are clear of the distortion. Time base confirms our chronometers are off by seventeen point four days. Captain, we are being hailed by the other vessel. The computer identifies it as the USS Bozeman, a Federation starship, Soyuz class.
What was that? An odd surge of power, sir. It's gone now. [Street] (No hawkers, a barking dog, drunken sailors, and the man puts his top hat back on) Sir, I can lead a security team to sweep the holodeck, find the Doctor, and bring her out. Thank you. Captain, I will be standing by to assist you if needed. Here, sir. No, sir. [Moriarty's room]
Yes. So? I never knew my father. It is a waste of time to think of such things. Enough! [Engineering] (Hoards of Starbase Techs are swarming around Engineering) With all due respect, be gone! Sir. (The blast jolts Data backwards. He returns to Geordi) May I have a moment, sir? It is very difficult to say. Words are not always easy for me. Is that Earth? (Riker has a picture of himself as a boy on his monitor) That is a fish you are holding. But it looks like you were You do not have good feelings for your father? You plan to leave the Enterprise. I would like to join you. But sir, it could be a dangerous mission. There may be the potential for combat. Still, to die a true hero Then I know you will do the right thing. [Observation lounge] I do not enjoy riddles, Counsellor. I am in no mood for trifling or games, not today. You know about that? That is impossible. It is a secret known only to Klingons. Wesley Crusher. What does he know about it? Where are we going? This is truly trying my patience, Counsellor. You're not coming in? Open. [Holodeck] An Ascension ceremony. I am ready. (He steps between the two lines of warriors) DaHjaj SuvwI''e' jIH. tIgwIj Sa'angNIS. 'Iw bIQtIqDaq jIjaH. Today I am a Warrior. I must show you my heart. I travel the river of blood. (The first two warriors apply their painstiks to his sides, and he screams in pain) jIbechrup may' vIlos. (The second pair apply their painstiks) The battle is mine. I crave only the blood of the enemy. HIHIvqa'. (Third pair. He falls to his knees and O'Brien holds Pulaski back) The bile of the vanquished flows over my hands. May'pequ' moH. (The fourth and final pair use their painstiks twice and he collapses in front of his 'family') Thank you. [Observation lounge] Starbase Montgomery's briefing specialist and analytical team have beamed down, sir.
Personal log, stardate 47391.2. I am returning from the Bat'leth competition on Forcas Three. The conditions were difficult. Several contenders were maimed. But I was triumphant. I won Champion Standing. I am looking forward to resuming my duties aboard the Enterprise. However, I am anticipating a troubling situation. [Corridor] (Worf keeps looking around for something) Hmm? Yes, sir. Today is my birthday. [Worf's quarters] Because it is my birthday I assumed that you or one of the others would try to mount an unexpected social gathering. I am sorry, Commander. Aye sir. (Riker leaves, Worf puts down his bat'leth and trophy and walks through to) That was not a Klingon song. Thank you. (Worf opens the present) Ah. A painting. The Battle of HarOS? What are you doing? (Riker takes down the brass shield, and Troi hangs the big bright canvas to the left of the door) Yes, Yes, I think Data's painting is making me dizzy. I thought the cake was chocolate. It is a cast of Alexander's forehead. The ridges of a warrior. Thank you for watching him while I was away. Captain, I was told you could not attend. I am old enough. [Bridge] (they've arrived at the array) It is uninhabited. But there could be a ship or a subspace relay station receiving the data. Excuse me, Counsellor. Do you have a moment? I have been meaning to speak with you about Alexander. It has never been easy for me having Alexander on board. I have always tried to be a good father, to give him guidance, but he seems to have his own mind about some things. I could not have come this far without your help. Alexander looks up to you. At times, I have felt that you are like a mother to him. One time when I thought I was going to die, I asked you to watch over Alexander. I was wondering if you might consider formalising that arrangement. I want you to be Alexander's Soh-chIm. You would become his surrogate mother. In case anything ever happened to me, you would be responsible for him. The closest analogy is step-sister. I had not considered that. It is a risk I am willing to take. I am on my way. [Engineering] Someone is using the Array for covert surveillance of the Federation. That's a Cardassian ship. Galor Class. Aye sir. I feel dizzy. (it's now Geordi supporting the swaying Worf. Picard is missing) Yes. Yes, perhaps I will. [Sickbay] No. However, I did experience some dizziness earlier today at my birthday celebration. Doctor, perhaps you are thinking of another patient. I have no concussion. No. I won that tournament. And I can prove it to you. [Worf's quarters] (the trophy is smaller) It says ninth place. This is not the same trophy. Someone is playing a trick on me. The log. I recorded a personal log on my way back to the Enterprise. Computer, access personal logs on Shuttlecraft Curie. Show my log entry for Stardate 47391.2. Personal log, stardate 47391.2. I am returning from the Bat'leth competition on Forcas Three. The conditions were difficult. Several contenders were maimed. One of the contenders used an illegal T'gha manoeuvre against me. The judges chose to ignore it and I was robbed of my rightful standing. I was awarded ninth place. I am looking forward to resuming my duties aboard the En I do not understand. Thank you, Doctor. Sir? I do not remember you asking me to. Captain, there is a Cardassian ship approaching. Galor Class. On screen. Captain, that ship was responsible for reprogramming the Array. It is the same class and energy configuration as the ship we saw in the imaging logs. They are using the Array as a surveillance device. You saw the logs yourself. Commander Data, show them the logs you downloaded from the Array. Yes. Doctor Crusher says I am experiencing further memory loss, but my instincts tell me it is more than that. I remember those imaging logs. I could tell you every detail, every word. Enter. That is not right. I was certain that (Worf has a dizzy spell, and Data's painting moves walls) Counsellor, the painting that Commander Data gave me. It has moved. No. (the painting is now a battlecruiser) The painting has changed. Don't you see it? (Troi is now in uniform) Your hair and your clothing, they have changed as well. This panel configuration has been altered. I do not know how (Boom) I believe I experienced another memory loss. I do not feel well. Request to be temporarily relieved of duty, sir. Computer, access personal logs on Shuttlecraft Curie. Play log entry for stardate 47391.2. Computer, display any log entries regarding the Bat'leth tournament on Forcas Three. Personal log, stardate 47391.2. There has been a malfunction in the ship's main deflector. It will require two more days of repairs. As a result, I will not be able to compete in the Bat'leth tournament on Forcas Three. I have asked my brother to take my place. He does not have my prowess with the blade, but (doorbell) Why shouldn't I? I am not sure. I would rather not, Counsellor. Is there something I can do for you? I do not believe this is appropriate behaviour! Wife? I do not know. Things are changing. I do not remember us, you and I, being mates. It is as if events, circumstances, continue to change from moment to moment, but I am the only one who seems to be aware of it. I do remember the last three years, but they were different. We did not have this relationship. We were friends. And the Enterprise did not have a battle with the Cardassians. And no one believes me. Commander, how long have I been married to Counsellor Troi? And when did this relationship begin? And then we mated? No, that is all right. I was in Sickbay. Doctor Crusher told me I had a concussion but I do not remember that happening. Before. Yes. Yes, I was in Engineering. I felt a wave of dizziness and when I looked up, you and Commander La Forge were on the opposite side of the room. Captain Picard was gone. I thought I had blacked out for a moment and had not observed your movements. And at my birthday party, the cake was chocolate and then it was yellow. And Commander Riker told me Captain Picard was not going to attend, and then suddenly he was there. Everyone was at my birthday party. Then I was with Counsellor Troi, then Commander La Forge came in. Geordi. Geordi was present at all three locations. And he was near me in each case just before I noticed the differences. There has to be a connection. Doctor Crusher was not here. Doctor Ogawa was. My uniform has changed. What is my rank and position? Are we still married? What does that mean? Yes, sir. I understand that, but I also clearly remember attending the tournament and returning to the ship in a shuttlecraft. Yes. If I may inquire, sir, how long have you been Captain of the Enterprise? I do remember. I just remember differently. [Bridge] (Wesley's back and at Tactical, and there are architecture differences) So I was here. And somehow I have been shifting from one reality to another. How can we find my original quantum state and return me to it? Deanna, I have always considered you a close friend. And although I have never seriously considered a romantic relationship, I would not be opposed to the possibility. Children? When the last shift occurred in Sickbay, we did not have any children. What about Alexander? He was my son in another reality. [Bridge] Sir, the Bajorans? Shields! Assuming it works, will I find myself near my own ship? I understand. Setting course for the fissure. Charging primary systems. Initiating inverse warp field. (there's a flash, there are at least three Worfs in gold and four in red, then Worf in gold is lying on the floor. He gets up) Worf to Enterprise. Captain, is everything all right? No, I do not believe so, but I will explain when I arrive. It was fine, sir. I won Champion Standing. [Corridor] No. No, I believe the inverse warp field resealed it. I know what you are planning, sir. I will not be surprised. Of course you don't. [Worf's quarters] (Worf puts down his bat'leth and trophy, then gingerly checks the bedroom) So you do not live here? It is a long story. Thank you. Deanna. You do not have to leave. I have not had dinner. Would you care to join me? Champagne. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Sir, look out! (Worf knocks Jameson out of the way of another blast)
Open. I have studied and know everything about my heritage. Yes, sir. Of course not. When and if the Captain becomes weak and unable to perform, it is expected that his honourable retirement should be assisted by his First. Your Second Officer will assassinate you for the same reasons. The Klingon system has operated successfully for centuries. Many things will be different. [Bridge] (Mendon leaves his aft station and has a look around) Commander. (He gives Riker a small metal tube) Slightly altered to transmit an omnidirectional signal and an emergency call. Simply a security precaution. I want to insure your return to this ship. Efficiency, Commander. We have a Klingon vessel approaching. Open. They are returning our hail in proper language. It is the Pagh. That is not your concern. Observe your station, Ensign Mendon. You didn't. Yet. (Mendon's duty station has a scan of the Pagh. The computer has detected something on the hull. Mendon puts in a command - Request substance analysis. Answer - inconclusive. Category - Microbiotic colony. Bacterial colony. Subatomic. Life form analysis - inconclusive) Ensign Mendon. You may impress me. (Mendon doesn't look happy at the prospect) [Pagh corridor] (Riker is being escorted along a gloomy corridor) Sir, automatic scan has registered an unknown substance on the aft quarter of the exterior skin of the dorsal section. Aye, sir. You are supposed to report whatever is out of the ordinary. And then I will instruct you in Enterprise etiquette. First Officer's personal log. I have aboard the Pagh a short time, but long enough to be impressed with the abilities and single-mindedness of the Klingons. [Pagh Mess hall] Aye, sir. Hailing frequencies are open. There is no response. Aye, sir. [Pagh Bridge] Aye, sir. [Pagh Bridge] We are getting an emergency signal from a command transponder. Location zero three five mark three one three. Frequency and code designate it as Commander Riker. Forty eight thousand. Forty four thousand. Forty thousand. [Pagh Bridge] It is the Pagh, sir. Aye, sir. Commander? [Corridor] I'm glad it did. Thank you, Commander, and welcome home. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
We've just completed a remote power feed to the life support systems. Aye, sir. It generates enough energy to interfere with the surrounding systems. I cannot understand the patterns. Conductor. But is it alive?! I wasn't asking you. What do you expect? It is computer. Maybe the life-form has reached its energy level.
It reads solid, sir. If your game is fair, we will. Drop your weapons! A warrior's reaction. Sir, what they're wearing may be old Earth uniforms, but what's inside of them isn't human at all. More like vicious animal things. (And here they come) He was with us. No. (The animal solders advance) Flim-flam? No! She is from a world now alien to me! This is sex. But I have no place for it in my life now.
I am in charge of Security. The Ferengi pod is moving into position. Sir, the Ferengi vessel is moving out of orbit. Impulse power They are approaching the entry to the wormhole, sir. They are powering forward missile launchers, sir. They've fired a missile directly at the opening, sir. On screen. Firing phasers. [Observation lounge] Ferengi vessel has shut down its forward missile launcher. Captain, DaiMon Goss is demanding to know where his men are.
The solar radiation is interfering. He must be at least five hundred thousand kilometres from the star before we can get a transporter lock. (Jo'Bril clearly cannot breathe) Perhaps he could not live with the failure of his invention and took his own life. The plasma shock could have affected his nervous system. He may have reacted by gripping tighter. Is your examination complete, Doctor? Very well. Aye, sir. Sir, she has isolated her navigational control. It will not be possible to establish remote operation. I cannot establish a lock. She is too close to the star. Solar interference is too high. Sir, we have lost contact. [Shuttlecraft] Sir, we are picking up an object emerging from the corona.
In visual range, Captain. They are firing on us. They're firing again. (A bright, bright flash on the viewscreen) Immobilised by the damn Ferengi. Negative, sir. Uncle who? I say fight, sir. There's nothing shameful in falling before a superior enemy. (La Forge enters) Yes! Hit them hard and hit them fast. We ask to surrender and now they fire on us? If the Ferengi ship's sensors can read us, sir, they will be waiting until we are most vulnerable. Pygmy cretins! No! For battle, come to me!
Bridge to Away team. Acknowledge. Yes, Commander. Sir. Permission to speak frankly. Our priority is to stop the aliens from any more incursions to Earth. Any delay is unacceptable. The Captain would not. I recommend we target photon torpedoes on the alien habitat and destroy it. Immediately. Commander, I have set the photons to fire in staggered rounds, detonating in ten second intervals. The sequence will be ready to initiate in one minute. [Science lab] Commander La Forge has completed the reconfiguration of the photon torpedoes. We have no way of knowing if Mister Clemens was successful. Aye, sir. [Cavern] Yes, sir. Torpedoes away, sir. We have destroyed the target. There is no further indication of triolic activity.
Rest assured, Commander, we will be victorious. At whatever the cost. If winning is not important, then, Commander, why keep score? What's going on? Why? Aye, Lieutenant. Ship's log, supplemental. This is Lieutenant Commander Data. I have put the ship on automated departure and ordered the complete evacuation of the Enterprise. Everyone remaining is leaving on foot or beaming off. [Bridge] Did you see the Captain and Commander Riker? Yes. Sir, where is your transporter room? They would answer if they could. Someone else has control of the ship.
Captain. Sensors indicate a vast field of It's gone. But something did appear directly in our path. I'm not convinced it is a ghost. There may be something there, Commander. Weapons and shields normal. Tactical sensor readings are indeterminant. Sir, recommend we fire a spread of photon torpedoes into their field. Torpedoes armed. Fire distribution set. Detonation at seven kilometres ahead of the cluster. Launching photon torpedoes. Detonation in five seconds. Three, two, one. Launching torpedoes. Detonation in five seconds. Three, two, one. Twenty three minutes, sir. We are beginning to encounter the gravitational effects of the string. Impact is in four minutes. Three minutes to impact.
Captain, we're heading straight into the path of that stellar matter. Negative. The shields will not respond. Shields are rising. Sensors clearly indicate the approach of a Borg vessel. Shields are not responding. Captain, they're firing energy weapons at us. Vector. Is gone. And so is the Borg vessel. He entered a computer access room and sterilised one of the processors with gamma radiation. Captain, the ship is at risk. Extermination may be our only alternative. Electromagnetic scanners ready, Captain. (Binary numbers come up on the station where Data is working) If they have control of a Starfleet Commander, they become an even greater threat.
Could we send out reconnaissance probes to supplement the sensors? We are within visual range, sir. It is a Ferengi transport ship, D'Kora class. There is no response on any channel, sir. Captain, I am picking up power emissions from the Ferengi ship. They are locking weapons. Phasers locked. We sustained minimal damage to decks five and seven, sir. Warp engines are offline. Shields are down. All subspace systems are inoperative. No, sir. It's on its way. Captain, the Hekaran ship is moving off. There is one person on board. It is Serova. Damage control teams are standing by on all decks. One minute twenty two seconds. Captain, I am picking up power emissions from the Fleming. They may be attempting to initiate their warp drive. No, sir. Subspace interference is too high. Fifty three seconds. Captain, they have initiated their warp drive. (big rumble) Damage on decks six and fourteen. Our structural integrity field is holding. We are within transporter range of the Fleming, sir. Commencing evacuation procedures. The last of the crew has been beamed aboard, sir. Aye, sir. Structural integrity fields are failing on decks ten through sixteen. Switching to backups. [Engineering] A structural breach is imminent. (Enterprise stops shaking and the lights come back up to full) The Klingons will observe these restrictions, but the Romulans will not.
I was not aware of this passenger. It is. Please proceed. Computer, where is Doctor Dalen Quaice? I will order a search immediately. Even if Doctor Quaice had been injured, why would his belongings be missing? [Ready room] Sir, I have several teams conducting a deck by deck search. It is not yet complete. We have completed our search, Captain. We cannot locate Doctor Quaice. Yes, sir, but I have been closely monitoring all on-board sensors. There has been no indication that any
Still picking up energy distortions, but fading. It seems to be gone. Shields and weapons systems are fully functional. Probe approaching the T-tauri system, Captain. What are you suggesting, Captain? Counsellor? Aye, sir. [Corridor] You are certain you are well? Deanna! Security! Override the lock on Counsellor Troi's quarters! Now! [Troi's quarters] What's wrong? Doctor. Perhaps not. A warrior does not complain about physical discomfort, but the Captain ordered us to report anything out of the ordinary. (he is rubbing his right wrist) There are very few individuals on board who could have broken my wrist. Commander Data is one of those individuals. Well, he does possess the speed and the strength. If we didn't win and we didn't lose? Shields up. Photon torpedoes armed. Phasers standing by. Captain, an energy field has appeared between our position and the planet. The field has emitted an energy pulse. Approaching the Enterprise. It might be a probe. Shields undamaged. The energy pulse has dispersed. (Troi is asleep when the green pulse takes her over) [Data's quarters] Captain, the energy field is approaching. Contact imminent. Aye, sir. The field is shifting amplitude, trying to match the shields. I do not recommend weapons at this range, Captain. All systems are frozen, Captain. Captain! (Worf dashes over with a phaser. Troi grabs his wrist and throws him across the Bridge. That's how his wrist got broken) Shields and weapons systems unaffected.
Sensor scan now reveals no life signs aboard, Captain. (The Enterprise comes up to the ship in orbit) [Tsiolkovsky] (The group beam into an area with scattered furniture and a Red Alert) Sir, I'm getting very strange reports from all decks. Such as the ship's Training Division ordering all officers to attend a lecture on metaphysics. I don't understand their humour either. Captain, getting unusual readings now from the dwarf star. Sir. The star. It's beginning to collapse. Captain, tractor beam. We just locked onto the Tsiolkovsky. Bridge to Riker, Urgent. [Engineering ] Sir. [Bridge] Sir, regret to inform you that the Captain appears to be infected. And Data. [Engineering] What we're seeing, sir, is a huge chunk of the star's surface blown away, heading for us. Controls are still offline, sir. Same result, sir. [Engineering] Sir, I estimate fourteen minutes until that mass gets here. Do we owe our thanks to Commander Data, sir? Did he say Wesley? The boy?
Sir, our velocity increased to warp seven point two five. Confirmed. Velocity now warp seven. Approaching warp nine sir. Exceeding warp nine point four. Standing by to release docking clamps.
The Cardassians have no honour. I do not trust them. Trust is earned, not given away. Cardassian ship preparing to fire again, sir. Minor damage to secondary hull before we put our shields up, sir. No casualties. Structural integrity intact. Aye, sir. Ready. The Cardassian ship is standing down, sir. Frequency open. Sir, it is necessary to assign them a security detail. At least allow me to post guards in some of the sensitive areas of the ship. Aye, sir. Worf to Captain Picard. Long range sensors have located the Phoenix. Yes, Captain. No, Captain. Aye, sir. No, Captain. Sir, they will be able to dismantle its shields. The Phoenix will not have a chance. Yes, Captain. (a brief pause later) He was found at a computer station on deck thirty five, attempting to access information on our weapon systems. Gladly, Captain. (Worf and Telle leave) Aye, sir. Captain's log, supplemental. With the Phoenix in close formation, we are proceeding directly to Starbase two one one. [Bridge] Aye, sir. No response, sir. The Phoenix still does not respond, sir. Aye, sir. Vessels are within visual range. Sir, Captain Maxwell is hailing us. They're arming phasers and loading forward torpedo bays. Phasers armed. Loading forward and aft torpedo bays.
I get no further response from the vessel. Captain, the Talarian warship the Q'Maire is responding to the distress call. Halfway through the Woden sector. Ancillary power is failing. No other life signs aboard, sir. Yes, Doctor. [Guest quarters] They are not my captors. They are my comrades. Doctor Crusher. She is my superior officer. You are human, and among humans, females can achieve anything the males can. You are confused. (Jono starts keening again) Stop that! Captain Endar requests an open channel, sir. Captain, sensors indicate two warships approaching from the opposite direction along the border. Captain, is it worth it, to go to war over a child? Captain, there is a subspace communication from Starfleet Command. Sir, the message is for Jeremiah Rossa. Talarian warships converging. Range, five hundred kilometres. No, sir. We have an open channel. Commander, the Captain of the Q'Maire requests communication. Talarian vessels routing power to forward rockets. The Q'Maire is requesting communication on a secure channel, Commander.
