Quark! Rom! It's good to see you, boys. Come along, my dear. (Instead of a loose dress, Moogie is in a figure revealing catsuit.) No, you go right ahead, my dear. If you insist. Three days ago, I added a new amendment to the Ferengi Bill of Opportunities giving females the right to wear clothes. Face it, Quark. It's good business. For thousands of years, Ferenginar has allowed a valuable resource to go to waste. They make up fifty three point five percent of the population and contribute virtually nothing to gross planetary income. I say it's time they started pulling their own weight. The moment fully clothed females started appearing on the streets of Ferenginar, financial chaos erupted all over the planet. There was so much buying and selling throughout the Alliance that the entire planetary communications grid shut down. I've been deposed. I'm no longer Grand Nagus. Acting Grand Nagus Brunt. And they won't for three more days. Boys, together we're going to reconquer an empire or die in the attempt. [Quark's quarters] As of this moment, I declare this site to be the headquarters of the sole legitimate government of Ferenginar. Acting Nagus. I'm not worried. I have a secret weapon. Your mother. Now here's the plan. One, we contact every FCA Commissioner and invite them to the station for a meeting. Two, Ishka runs the meeting. Maybe not at first, but she'll win them over. Using her vast financial knowledge and her keen instinct for profit, she'll prove once and for all that allowing females to wear clothing is the first step toward a healthier and more prosperous Ferengi economy. And three. What was three again, my dear? And who can ask for a happier ending than that. I'll try not to hold that against him. Would you like to hear more? Meaning what? She doesn't look broke to me. Just having a little harmless fun, my sweet. Now Quark, you and your brother get rid of some of this furniture. And you, (Nog) get three subspace transceivers off my ship and set them up in here. And where's my beetle snuff? (Maihar'du hands the box over.) Grand Nagus Brunt. (sneeze) (Later, everyone is making calls over subspace.) Are you sure you contacted every Commissioner on this list? And you could only convince one of them to attend the meeting? I helped every one of those people earn a fortune, and this is how they repay me? Unfortunately, he's a influential voice for the status quo. Well, it's a start, at least. Acting Grand Nagus Brunt. What are you doing here, Brunt? If that's what it takes. I never should have given you your job back with the FCA. My boy, I'm proud of you. I hope so, for my sake, for her sake, for the sake of the entire Ferengi Alliance. And most of all I hope she gets better for your sake, Quark. Because if she doesn't That's exactly the question I keep asking myself. What did you do to her? What's wrong, Quark? Your conscience bothering you? And why is that, Doctor? Well, if you ask me, Quark, the worst thing that ever happened to the Ferengi Alliance is you. We can't postpone the meeting! In two days, the FCA is going to confirm Brunt as the new Grand Nagus. By the time I get through with you, you're the one who's going to need charity. And a very beautiful one at that. But Nilva's expecting to meet with a Ferengi female. No, we're not. You think if Ishka were here she'd give up? That's not my point. Your mother would never accept defeat. If she couldn't find another female, she'd, she'd, she'd She'd make one. Better than a hologram. You. [Rom's quarters] (Rom is putting ear decorations on someone.) You may look like a female but you have to do something about that voice. Well, try harder. Your hips are fine. Now let's get down to business. These are your mother's notes for her meeting with Nilva. Study them carefully. Oh, nonsense. You just need a little time to practice your presentation. Forget it, Quark. Rom may make a better female than you, but when it comes to business, you're the better Ferengi. (stroking Quark's thigh) I think you're doing wonderfully, my dear. I'm proud of you. (slap) I'm sorry. You know, you may walk like a man, but you make a very attractive female. Confusing, isn't it? Who is? That Nilva, he's a tricky one. But he makes a good cola. Nog, I want you to escort the chairman to his quarters. Tell him I'll meet him for dinner tonight. Tell him that Ishka is sick, but that tomorrow he'll be meeting with my other female financial advisor, er, er, Lumba. You'd better start memorising those notes. And you'd better work on that voice. Has anyone ever told you that you have lovely eyes? [Airlock] Now? Nilva! Well, why don't you and I have dinner tonight and try to figure it out. We can go to Quark's and get some nice, juicy snail steaks. You can meet with Lumba tomorrow. Won't you feel uncomfortable being seen in public with a clothed female? I hope we're not interrupting anything. We just wanted to say goodbye before we go back to Ferenginar. And where, if all goes according to plan, the FCA commissioners will once again proclaim me Grand Nagus. I wouldn't have it any other way. Don't worry. I'm sure it won't last. You'll be back to your old self in no time. (Zek, Ishka and Maihar'du leave.)
Why do you look so surprised? I told you I'd be back. Still the perfect little toady, eh, Quark? Then listen carefully. The Ferengi expansion into the Gamma Quadrant is about to begin. I'd like you to be my chief negotiator. That's right. I'm offering you an opportunity to make more profit than you ever dreamed of. All you have to do is earn it. [Commander's office] Can I interest you in some Hupyrian beetle snuff? Major? Well, suit yourself. More for me. (Maihar'du proffers the handkerchief after the sneeze) A little late, aren't we? So, you wanted to see me, Commander? Yes, with the Dosi, a race from the Gamma Quadrant. A very profitable opportunity for all concerned, I might add. Are you implying something, Major? A reputation of honesty, and decency, and reliability. You always know what to expect when you do business with the Ferengi. As misinformed and misguided as it may be. Besides, how we do business is no concern of yours. Did anyone ever tell you your eyes shine with the brilliance of Kibberian fire diamonds. Well they do. So, tell me, Major, could Bajor use fifty thousand kilos of brizeen nitrate? Well I've recently come into possession of fifty thousand kilos of brizeen nitrate, and to show you how much your cooperation means to me, I'll let you have the entire shipment. You have my word. Then it's settled. Now, let's see, that's fifty thousand kilos at twenty five percent off our usual price. Well, you're right, Commander. We're all friends here. So I'll let you have it at cost. A gift? That doesn't sound very profitable. On what? Your negotiation skills aren't bad for a human. Your nitrate will be delivered promptly. Anything else you need, please come see me personally. [Quark's quarters] (Zek is having his ears combed) You know Quark, I've been involved in some profitable opportunities in my time, but my lobes are telling me this may be the most profitable opportunity in Ferengi history. Profit. Fame. Power. As much as you want. I can sum it up in one word. Tulaberries. Exactly. Well, they're the main ingredient in tulaberry wine. Your job is to purchase ten thousand vats from the Dosi. Within a single year we'll have made tulaberry wine the most popular drink in their entire sector. That's enough. Oh, I like it. Very distinguished. Do I have to spell it out for you? Tulaberries will establish a Ferengi presence inside the Gamma Quadrant. And once we get our foot in the door, they'll never get it out. Tulaberries, Quark. Tulaberries. [Quark's] Do what? Acquire. Did I say acquire? I meant evade. But I meant evade. Who asked you? And shouldn't you be plotting strategy for tomorrow's negotiations? Well I've been thinking, too, and ten thousand vats of tulaberry wine aren't enough. Tell them we want a hundred thousand. A hundred thousand vats would mean more profit for them and for us. Now do as I say, or I'm going to take over the negotiations myself. You do? He says that, does he? That's very touching. Now bring me some fresh tube grubs. These are losing their crunch. So, I believe the next challenge goes to you. Such loyalty must be expensive. You can where I come from. (At the bar) Quark, where are my grubs? Mmm, now this is what I call fresh. [Replimat] Ah, Major, did that shipment of brizeen nitrate arrive on time? Good. And here you are to thank me. (taps his knee) Have a seat. Why? Is something wrong with it? Then I suppose a night of wild passionate romance is out of the question? Just thought I'd ask. (Kira gets another pinch as she leaves) Don't tell me the negotiations are already over. That's fast work, Quark. Now let's see the contract. No contract? But you offered to buy a hundred thousand vats, didn't you? And? The room? What? This is a catastrophe. A complete catastrophe. This was your big chance, Quark, and you blew it. You may have seriously harmed future Ferengi opportunities in the Gamma Quadrant. How? And how do you plan to get there? My ship? And I suppose you expect Maihar'du to pilot it for you. All right. You can use my ship. But I'm warning you, Quark. Either you get the Dosi to sign that contract or you'll be tending that worthless little bar for the rest of your life. [Zek's ship] Quark, I'm very disappointed. I really wanted those tulaberries. It didn't? What have you found out? Well, most of my information consists of little more than hints and whispers, but it's enough to convince me that whoever learns the secret of the Dominion, whatever that may be, will learn the secret of the Gamma Quadrant. Unfortunately, the Dosi don't seem to know very much. I was hoping they'd lead us to someone who does. A lot. If you can do that, I'll see to it that you earn a percentage of every Ferengi opportunity in the Gamma Quadrant. Give me a name. The Karemma. I always knew you had the lobes for business. These flaked blood fleas are surprisingly succulent. Let me guess. Too busy thinking about how to spend all that latinum we're going to earn? Well, I don't blame you. (doorbell) I'm glad you stopped by. I know how much you helped Quark during the negotiations. I predict a big future for you, Pel. You certainly have the lobes for it. Yes, I do. It's a female! Quark, this is outrageous. Now, what's going on here? You dare give me orders! You knew about this all along, didn't you? You have no future. I'll see to it that you spend the rest of your life in prison. Let me remind you that taking business advice from a female is a violation of Ferengi law. Stupidity is no excuse. Now one more word out of you and you are going to share her cell. Are you threatening me? I didn't know she was a female. I see your point. It seems that Pel's identity will have to remain our little secret, but it's going to cost you. I've always said you were a bright fellow, Quark. (to Pel) Shame on you. (Zek and Maihar'du leave)
Hello, Quark. It's me, your Grand Nagus. You'll never guess where I am. If you said Risa, guess again. I'm in the alternate universe! You're probably wondering how I got here well, you're going to have to keep on wondering, because I don't have time to tell you. You see, I'm in a bit of trouble. I'm being held prisoner by the Alliance and I'm going to need you to help me regain my freedom. The Regent said he would send me home in exchange for a ship's cloaking device. They don't have them in this universe. I wish I'd known that before I got here. I could've saved myself a lot of aggravation and made a nice profit at the same time. However, my fate is in your hands, Quark. I need a cloaking device and I need it now. You're the only one I can count on. If you do this for me I promise I'll be eternally grateful. And don't forget to tell your mother I love her. Goodbye. You have such nimble fingers, my dear. I don't think I could survive this incarceration without them. I only wish I could return the favour. After all, you've been suffering here for a lot longer than I have. If Quark and Rom don't screw things up. (Intendant Kira twists Zek's ear. He screams, and Maihar'du gets kneed as he moves forward.) Well, so I said, and so they shall. That's quite a temper you have, my dear. Mind going back to tugging at my ear hairs? Rom, you're not going to tell your mother about the Intendant and me, are you? In a million pieces. You see, she worships me, and I worship her right back. Besides, this is all your fault. If it weren't for you, I never would have been able to get to this universe. Remember the last time you came home to visit your mother? Well, one night while you were sleeping, I got up to get a bite to eat. And there, on the kitchen table, was a Starfleet PADD. I'm your Nagus. You have no secrets from me. Simple, really. I came to find new financial opportunities for the Ferengi people. Well, it seemed like a good idea at the time/ That's a very worthy goal. Neither do I! Lower the forcefield. Why not? Did it ever occur to you that we may know things that you could use to your advantage? In our universe, work comes before pleasure. Both. Of course we do. Brunt's dead? Oh, let her go. There's something about that woman I find intoxicating. [Terok Nor cargo bay] (Worf comes through the airlock at gunpoint with O'Brien and Bashir behind him. The rebels cheer and applaud.) You bet I am. But that doesn't mean I won't be coming back. There's a fortune to be made in the alternate universe. I can feel it in my lobes. Oh, no, I won't. Next time, I'll bring you along with me. This is quite a fascinating place, don't you agree?
Quark, what are you doing here? That's no excuse. You've been banned by the FCA. You must leave Ferenginar at once. [Ishka's house] Sometimes, the only thing more dangerous than a question is an answer. Why would she be in trouble? About what? It's all really quite simple. You see, Quark, your mother and I are in love. That's right. I was playing in the Golden Masters Division. For some reason my purchases kept exceeding my sales. And they worked! I made a spectacular comeback and won the tournament for the twenty seventh year in a row. Your mother's letters became the highlight of each day. It was clear we had to meet. I almost had a stroke. But I recovered. Of course no one knows. And you're going to keep it that way. They'd better be. That's because you deserve no less. What's that, Quark? That's because I've never felt happier. Well, my dear, time to get back to running the empire. Try not to miss me too much. That's my girl. Thank you, my prize. Your mother is a rare jewel, Quark. Worship her as I do. (Zek and Maihar'du leave.) My dear, you reek of tube grubs. Are your ears tingling? Mine, too. Oh, you know how it is. Arcybite ore futures are continuing to increase, and the Bolians have finally agreed to allow the Ferengi Gaming Commission to take over their gambling emporiums, and er, er, oh, I have decided to allocate extra funds for research on a new breed of Hupyrian beetles. Those little fellows are going to revolutionise the entire beetle snuff industry. And opportunity is around every corner. Forget it, Quark. I'm not going to reverse the FCA's decision. They revoked your Business Licence and they're the one's who are going to have to reinstate it. True, but contracts are the very basis of our society and you broke a contract with another Ferengi. If I were to intervene on your behalf, I would be encouraging others to violate the law! And that, I will not do! And I'd watch my tone of voice if I were you. Well, my dear, shall we take a stroll in your garden? Oh, and Quark, will you do me a favour? Help Maihar'du clear the table. He's not as young as he used to be. [Quark's bedroom] (There's the sound of a transporter inside his wardrobe. He opens the door to reveal - ) That's what they pay me for. (Leck puts his money in the slot and backs out, bowing obsequiously. Zek settles for a nap when Quark enters and is stopped by Maihar'du.) What do you want, Quark? Well, in that case, pay them. (A slip of latinum in the slot.) Feel better? Now go. And I am a very lucky man. I guess the only one around here who isn't lucky is you, Quark. You mean the rumours about her earning profit? I know that whole story. The FCA made her give up every strip of latinum she made. Nonsense. You mean equal rights for females? Absolutely not. World domination? By a female? Rumours. For what? Now that he mentions it, she really has no business wearing clothes in front of her Nagus. [Ishka's house] (Quark puts a phaser to his head just before Ishka enters, humming.) Hello, Rom. Quark, that's what I said. I want to see you in the Tower of Commerce right away. Don't keep me waiting. That's right, Quark. My own personal financial assistant. What do you say? Consider it a reward for saving me from that wretched mother of yours. You want to be a bartender all your life? I'm offering you something more. A chance to participate in the major decisions that shape this glorious financial empire of ours. Good. Now you can start by briefing me on today's petitioners. (Zek throws Quark a PADD.) Three, seven, four, slash, one, five, five. You must have put them in wrong. Maybe it's one, five, four. But I don't understand. What did I say those first numbers were? Three, seven, four. Are those right? You're confusing me. What was? Well isn't that what I just said? A lifetime of numbers. You can't blame me for forgetting a few. Let's get down to business who's the first petitioner? An interesting question. Well, don't just stand there. Let's see how duranium's been doing. Oh. That's a gain of eighteen points. What are you talking about? Seven and three quarters minus two and one ninth is seven. Oh, who cares about duranium anyway? DaiMon Igel? Who's he? Do I like him? [Rom's quarters] (Rom is staring at his latinum when the doorbell rings.) Did you see their faces? They thought they had me, but we showed them. I answered all their questions, didn't I? The state of the trade negotiations with the Breen, why I dumped our lokar bean investments, why I insisted we buy up every bit of jevonite we could get our hands on. By the time I'm finished with him, he'll wish it had. Blam! Blam! He underestimated me. And he underestimated you, too. Nonsense. I might have fooled those Liquidators, but I'm not fooling myself. I'm becoming forgetful. At times my memory betrays me. Vulcans? Never liked them. No appreciation of profit. But they do make good doctors, don't they. (to Maihar'du) Make an appointment for me. I'll never forget what you did for me, Rom. Gotcha! I may have lost my memory, but not my sense of humour. As far as I'm concerned, you're still my First Clerk. Quark, I must say I find your newfound modesty very annoying. I need a financial advisor, and you're it. Don't tell me. Why'd you bring that female here? But what about all those rumours that Quark told me? Quark, you're fired! Now the question is, what am I going to do with you? What man could resist an offer like that? No, you won't. Maihar'du will make dinner. I've got other plans for you.
Is that you, (zzz)? I can barely see you. Sorry about the static. It's raining here. Not this kind of rain. There was an accident at the power plant. The contractor used substandard relays, the greedy bastard. There's a toxic electrostatic cloud hanging over the city. What a frigging mess. The pressure? That's an ungrateful thing (zzz). I'm not pressuring you. You're not making any sense. Now shut up and listen. I'm retiring. Your mother and I are moving to Risa to enjoy our old age and do a lot of (zzz), if you know what I mean. I'll be coming to Deep Space Nine to name my successor. Why do you think? No, my boy. I've chosen you to succeed me. You're going to be the new Grand Nagus! Congratulations, (zzz)! [Replimat] (Bashir walks straight into Ezri carrying a tray of food.) There you are, my boy! I have something for you. My mind is made up, Quark. Whining and complaining won't do anything. Out of the way, Quark. Congratulations, Rom. You're going to make a fine Nagus. What's wrong? You seemed so happy when I talked to you the other day. You? Ew. I thought I was talking to Rom. It must've been all the static. Glad we cleared that up. Shh. A new Ferenginar needs a new kind of Nagus. A kinder, gentler Nagus. And that's you, my boy. It's a great responsibility to stand at the bow of the Ferengi ship of state. A Nagus has to navigate the waters of the Great Material Continuum, avoid the shoals of bankruptcy and seek the strong winds of prosperity. (Rom takes the staff from Zek.) He's not taking it very well. Are you sure we picked the right brother? Good luck, kid. You're going to need it.
Here. (takes a swig out of a bottle) Good programme. Invite me to dinner. Are you sure? (The alien nods, and Zek tucks in.) My compliments, Quark. These tube grubs are chilled to perfection. (Krax turns the lazy susan) Did I say I was finished? I saw your cousin Barbo recently. They finally released him. He told me how the two of you sold those defective warp drives to the Tarahong government. Very clever. He also spoke of how you betrayed him to the authorities and left him to rot behind bars while you kept all the profits. Never allow family to stand in the way of opportunity. I certainly never have. You see, I told you he had brains. You've done well for yourself, Quark. Never contradict your elders. It's impolite. It was a stroke of brilliance to open a bar so close to a stable wormhole. That's what makes it so impressive. He had the instinct, the ears, to make the smart move before anyone else did. You could learn from his example. Boy! Boy! (Nog brings over a tray of large toothpicks.) Did he say homework? And you allow your son to attend such a place. Most distressing. Now, speaking of business. Quark, I've come to ask you a favour, and one that would be very important to me. I need your bar. And your services as host, for an important conference to be held here tomorrow at nine o'clock sharp. The future. And for Ferengi business interests, the future is already here. And its name is the Gamma Quadrant. [Ops] I see we're all here. (to Quark) No, you stay. Gentlemen, be seated. [Promenade - upper level] And lastly, I would like to salute Nava, whose takeover of the Arcybite mining refineries in the Clarius system is now complete. I congratulate you all. Profits are better than ever. Nevertheless, it is becoming more and more difficult to find truly lucrative business opportunities here in the Alpha Quadrant. And why? Because no matter where we go, our reputation precedes us. A reputation tainted by the lies of our competitors, who maliciously spread the erroneous impression that we are not to be trusted. But now, thanks to the discovery of the wormhole, for the first time we can now avoid such falsehoods. The Gamma Quadrant, gentlemen. Millions of new worlds at our very doorstep. The potential for Ferengi business expansion is staggering. It'll be the good old days all over again. I thank you for your confidence, but I must decline the offer. I'm old. The fire dims. I'm just not as greedy as I used to be. No, my mind's made up. I've already chosen my successor. A leader whose vision, imagination, and avarice will oversee Ferengi ventures in the Gamma Quadrant. The new Grand Nagus. Quark! (General disbelief and consternation) Congratulations. I know you'll do a wonderful job. [Sisko's quarters] (Family breakfast) So am I, and please, call me Zek. Now, which would you choose. Risa or Balosnee Six? For my vacation. My first in eighty five years. I'm told on Balosnee the soothing harmonies of the tide can cause the most stimulating hallucinations. But when I think of those voluptuous Risian females So he's the first, is he? Well, he won't be the last. To survive, you must surround yourself with loyal men. But not too loyal. Never trust anyone who places your prosperity above their own. And remember, when in doubt, be ruthless. Release him. (Zek, Maihar'du, and Odo.) Don't you recognise your father? You saw me enter a Dolbargy sleeping trance. Maihar'du taught it to me. It was a test to see if you were ready to take my place. And you failed miserably. You don't grab power. You accumulate it quietly without anyone noticing. The bar, you fool. That was the key. All those visitors stopping by on their way to and from the wormhole. You could have sat there quietly at your leisure and gathered up all the information you needed about the Gamma Quadrant. You could have let him hold the sceptre while you controlled everything from the shadows. And then, when everything was running smoothly, only then would you take over. No! I'm not interested in excuses. Go back to the ship. We'll be leaving here shortly. It's like, it's like talking to a Klingon. [Quark's] Yes, it looks like I'll have to remain Grand Nagus long enough to establish a Ferengi presence in the Gamma Quadrant. And I was really looking forward to retirement. If I hear of any good Gamma Quadrant deals you'd be right for, I'll let you know. You've done a very profitable job with this place. Who knows, maybe one day I'll come back and buy it from you. (Zek and Maihar'du leave)
Rom! What can I do for you, my boy? Who's disturbed? I've been hoping someone would drop by. Now come right in. Quark. I knew you'd be lurking around here someplace. Well, what are we standing out here for? I've got something very exciting to show you both. [Quark's quarters] (The place is bare) I got rid of it. It was getting in the way of my work. I'm glad you asked. Maihar'du, the book. (Maihar'du is sitting in a corner, looking rather worried.) You are about to read the shining triumph of my life. The one thing I'll always be remembered for. By all means. I hope you like them. Absorb, enjoy. (Zek goes into the bedroom) Quark, my boy. What say we buy everyone a drink? Put it on my tab. It will make everyone happy. And that will make me happy. Actually, I've lost my taste for beetle snuff. It might be fun for you and me, but it's no fun for the beetles. Oh, and by the way, Quark, I just met the most lovely young female. She came by your quarters looking for you. She wanted me to tell you that her family's ship has arrived with the latinum. I don't think so. Which was never signed. And frankly, Quark, you were charging an outrageous price for those stem bolts. Well, she did once I explained it to her. Well, I couldn't allow you take advantage of an innocent young female like that, Quark. So I told her where she could get all the stem bolts she needed at wholesale. Oh, don't worry about him. Eventually, he'll sell those stem bolts at a fair price. That's understandable. It'll take some time to get used to the new ways. Walk with me, Rom. (Maihar'du pours alcohol into a pint jug.) [Cargo bay] (There's a dart board with flashing lights on the wall and someone's just thrown 13, 19, 14) That tickles. As a matter of fact, I already have. You see, I told you. They're like a couple of nervous investors always looking for trouble. Oh, well, I suppose I should be flattered. Thank you, Doctor. You've been very helpful. Here, Doctor. For your trouble. Why not? It's only money. Donate it to charity if you'd like. Oh, and Doctor, I do hope you'll attend tomorrow night's ceremony. At the Bajoran shrine on the Promenade. I intend to give a gift to the Bajoran people. It's a surprise. You'll find out tomorrow night like everyone else. Come along. We have a lot of work to do before then. So many needy people, so little time. [Airlock] What's the matter, Quark? Spinning out of control, are we? Maybe. Maybe not. (Quark's upstairs at a cafe table with the box in front of him. He opens it to reveal Zek's head.) Looking for answers? You couldn't find them if they were dangling from your lobes. (He's on the ground floor looking up at Zek.) Where's that old Quark cleverness I've heard so much about? Or are you so paralysed with fear that you can't think straight? (Zek changes position to the second floor.) Answer me, Quark. What are you so nervous about? Don't you think change is worth dying for? All I want is a little leap of faith. (Zek jumps over the railing, and Quark catches the orb box.) Nice catch. That's the wonderful thing about mysteries. Sometimes the answers just fall from the sky. What do you have to lose? Open it. (It's the Rules of Acquisition. His regular customers including Morn all applaud.) Consider it a gift. My goodness, I never knew solar flares could be so devastating to a planet's agriculture. Now let me see. At current market rates two thousand tons of Kohlanese barley would cost me a hundred and eighty nine bars of gold press latinum but it's worth it. I can have the first shipment of barley on the way to you in (looks up) Oh, hold on. I'll be right back. (Ends transmission.) How can I help you, boys? (Maihar'du puts a sack over Zek's head) [Corridor] (Zek is humming to himself in the sack over Maihar'du's shoulder.) Don't worry, Quark. I forgive you. You know, my boy, I should be very angry with you. Not in the slightest. I can't help myself. I like you. Now, where have you taken me? This is exactly what happened the last time I was in here. The wormhole aliens are delightful people, but they like their privacy. Well, I see you've brought the Orb of Wisdom with you. That should do the trick. Now, if you really want to get their attention, open the box. That's what I did. You'd better hurry. I got the dampening field on this ship for a substantial discount. [Limbo] (Sisko holding out the Nagus's staff.) (Kira giving Quark a PADD.) (Emi stroking Quark's ears in his quarters) (Dax and Quark playing tongo in Quark's) Quark. Quark! Quark, are you all right? Oh stop toadying up to me, Quark. It's revolting. Just get me out of here. I have an Orb to sell to the Bajorans. I'm going to make them pay through the nose. And speaking of noses, where's my beetle snuff? You're wrinkling my suit. Remember what I said, Quark. If anyone asks, you have no idea what happened to the charity money. And you're sure you've destroyed every last copy of the revised Rules of Acquisition? Head? He'd better. (Zek sneezes on Quark and leaves. Maihar'du gives Quark his handkerchief and pats him on the head.)
