 What? What is it? Come in. (An iguana is lounging on a console.) Nice of you to finally drop by. You're still searching for that ship? What's it called, Pioneer? Voyager. Any luck? Congratulations. The first transgalactic phone call. Doctors. I've been scanned and probed a hundred times and they still can't tell me what's wrong. I'm dying, Reginald. And there's nothing anybody can do about it. [Astrometrics lab] Haley? Haley, what's the status of my lunch? As if things weren't bad enough, now I'm dying of starvation. (Doorbell.) That's not pork chops. I didn't ask for salad. I'm dying. A piece of meat isn't going to kill me any quicker. Give the plants to Leonard. He's the one trying to watch his weight. (That will be the iguana.) I told you I wasn't Can't it wait until I'm dead? All right, send him in. Three minutes. He's got three minutes. You don't have any friends. An EMH Mark One? I'm not in the mood for nostalgia, Reginald. Congratulations. I recommend a tour of Jupiter's third moon. I hear the lava flows are lovely this time of year. You brought a Mark One thirty thousand light years to treat me? I was wrong about you, Reginald. You do have a sense of humour. You didn't tell him? You're obsolete, extinct. Yesterday's news. Retired? Not at all. The EMH Mark One was reconfigured to scrub plasma conduits on waste transfer barges. I've been treated by the Mark Three, the Mark Four, not to mention the finest real doctors in Starfleet. None of them could help me. I didn't programme you for sarcasm. Show the good Doctor to the plasma generator. I understand there's quite a build-up of residue. Go ahead, scan away. Radical hair loss. Fatigue, nausea, joint inflammation. What's that got to do with anything? I haven't left Jupiter station in over four years. No. Never. These are questions first year medical students would ask. His name's Leonard. He's a hologram. How dare you! No! Enough questions! Finish your scans and get out of here. I said get out of here. Thank you. Get out of here! Like hell. I brought your matrix into this world and I can take it out. Oh, really? Computer, transfer EMH to the living quarters. [Zimmerman's living quarters] Fine, Haley, fine. Give me a few minutes. [Zimmerman's lab] (Zimmerman is receiving a massage from a Tarlac woman. She continues to knead with her elbow whilst scanning him I'll tell you what's aggravating my condition. You! I'll report you to the medical ethics board. Save it for your hearing. I don't want your help! Why won't you leave me alone? You weren't programmed to care. You were programmed to hold a scalpel. Of course. You can sing and dance. I should install you in a Ferengi nightclub. This isn't Voyager. It's my lab. And in my lab, you're still just a hologram. Is that what's keeping you here? Some twisted sense of obligation? Well, let me assure you, you don't owe me anything. Yes, Haley, what is it? Deanna Troi. Another one of your tricks? Oh. Well. The last beautiful woman to walk in here turned out to be him. Please.(Leonard is watching her closely.) He's a Mark One. He's obsolete. I'd be safer in the hands of a Klingon field medic. If you're a Borg drone. He's threatening to use some kind of ghoulish assimilation technique. It's not fit for a lab rat. Ha. There is no Mark twelve. All right. He can start by purging the plasma conduits on deck six. I will not put my life in the hands of a primitive. Get out! Oh, spare us your psychobabble.  Computer, resume recording. Last Will and Testament, Doctor Lewis Zimmerman. Let's see. Where were we? Subsection eight, the Trojan Horse project. I hereby bequeath my latest research in holographic infiltration technology to the only engineer I trust to complete the work, Lieutenant Reginald Barclay. Subsection nine, holographic art. I hereby bequeath my entire collection, including the twenty first century masterpiece, Woman in Four Dimensions, to the person who has appreciated it the most. I guess that would be Reg Barclay, too. Subsection ten, Haley. I realise she's only a hologram, but she's been a loyal assistant for many years. I'd like to request that Starfleet keep her programme running for as long as this research facility exists. She's been as real to me as anyone I've ever known. Not that  Good riddance to bad photons. He's not dying. His files are just degrading. I'll send them a Mark Four. They're more reliable. No EMH was ever designed to be anyone's friend. He's just a hologram. I will not be ambushed in my own lab. There's nothing worse than addressing a room full of pointy-eared blowhards. I was looking for an excuse to get away. You're the emergency. Trust me, you're in far more capable hands. Who better? That was before your colleagues made me feel guilty. I'll survive, but you won't if you don't relax and let me finish. My scans identified a recursive error in your pattern buffer. I'm trying to isolate it. Very good. I'm using it to realign your matrix. In the hands of a novice. (Beep!) Whoops. Computer, deactivate EMH. (Later, the EMH is reactivated.)EMH: I, I can't move! I know. I had to take your mobility subroutines offline. Seventeen hours. I'm resetting your parameters. (The EMH goes off and on, and walks over to Zimmerman.) I'm fine. And so are you. Your programme's been stabilised. No, you're going to be better than okay. Well, what do you think? That's just the beginning. I've also added new subroutines for compassion, patience, empathy, decorum. Because I haven't installed them yet. I thought you'd like to be awake for the big moment. Reginald was right about you. You have exceeded the sum of your programming. You've accomplished far more than I would have ever predicted. But let's face facts. You never overcame the inherent flaws in your personality subroutines. You're arrogant, irritable. A jerk, as Counsellor Troi would say. Don't change the subject. I may not be able to turn you into a Mark Four, but I can make you a bit more presentable. I'm doing you a favour. Because you're defective. Emergency Medical Hotheads. Extremely Marginal Housecalls. That's what everyone used to call the Mark Ones until they were bounced out of the Medical Corps. I tried to have them decommissioned, but Starfleet in its infinite wisdom overruled me and reassigned them all to work waste transfer barges. That's where you'd be too, if you hadn't been lost in the Delta Quadrant. Do you know how humiliating it is to have six hundred and seventy five Mark Ones out there, scrubbing plasma conduits, all with my face? What are you doing? I'm not finished with you. (The EMH is scanning him.) Well, I guess it is comforting to know that at least one of you is still doing what I designed you to do. Maybe we could try it, see how it goes. Just don't expect me to put you in my will. [Zimmerman's living quarters] I've got work to do. I hope you won't be coming back next month to make sure I'm taking my medicine. Good. The next time she sends a datastream, you might want to drop me a line, let me know how you're doing.
Don't touch that! I'm a holographic recreation of Doctor Louis Zimmerman, the creator of the Emergency Medical Hologram. You might say that. Something wrong with your EMH? What's wrong with it? If you don't mind, I can do it faster. Here we are. A schematic of the EMH and it's component sub-routines. This isn't good. The EMH has a level 4 memory fragmentation. How long has the programme been active? Two years? Well there's your problem. This programme was developed as a short term supplement to your medical staff, fifteen hundred hours tops. The EMH is a highly sophisticated programme. You shouldn't go meddling in it's matrix when you don't know what you're doing. At this point it doesn't matter. With a level four memory fragmentation it'll simply continue to degrade. There's only one course of action - a system-wide re-initialisation. Start over from scratch. Of course. Schedule it for your next maintenance layover at McKinley Station. Please don't talk. Stay fixed on the fractal patterns while I analyse your data path integrity. Hmm. Hmm? Oh, well there it is. I told you not to talk! This is the problem all right. The personality sub-routine has grown to more than 15,000 gigaquads. That's the source of the degradation. Look at all this useless information floating around your buffer! Friendships with the crew, relationships with women? Do they find you attractive? You've filled your memory with nonsense. You're supposed to be off during your off hours! Who are you? Ah, just the person I need. Perhaps you can tell me who's been feeding all this useless information into it's database. I'll give you an example. Ah, here's something in it's personality sub-routine. It wasn't programmed to be a tenor, it was programmed to be a physician! It's superfluous! Look at me, I've got the same matrix, the same holo-array, the same neural pathways as it does. You don't see me cluttering up my circuits with irrelevancies. I'm content to be the best possible diagnostic programme I can be. Your EMH should be happy to be a fine physician. You can't possibly believe that this programme shares these feelings. Tell me, Doctor, is this one of your closest friends? You again. Now what? I have pointed out over and over, I am a diagnostic tool, not an engineer. Young woman, you don't seem to understand there are limitations to my programming. I can't just decide to exceed them. It, he means a great deal to you, doesn't he? Why are you looking at me like that? An adaptive heuristic matrix, yes, in order to serve as a diagnostic for all the EMH programs. I, I wouldn't have thought of that. I'm not sure. But even if it were possible, the same degradation would eventually occur to my matrix. Grafted? Well, it would require a synchronous transfer of all the EMH databases and subroutines. Not an easy process, mind you, but I suppose we could try. I must point out that you would no longer have a diagnostic programme for the EMH. Good point. You'll have to return to sickbay and transfer my programme there. Don't be premature. I have no idea if this is going to work.  [Bridge] I'm increasingly dubious as to the outcome of this effort. The EMH pathways are seriously degraded. They might not accept a matrix overlay. I assure you I'm working as quickly as I can. If I don't prepare the multitronic paths properly there's no chance of success. Very well. We're as ready as we'll ever be. I've programmed the computer to install my heuristic matrix onto the EMH primary circuitry. We'll both have to be taken off line for the overlay to be made. After the re-initialisation occurs you should activate the Emergency Medical Hologram. You realise there will be no second chance. After this, I will no longer exist. Well, it's been a brief existence but apparently a noble one. Computer, initiate programme Zimmerman alpha one.
