What things? I can't go. I keep hoping the wormhole will open, that Garak's runabout will come through and everything will be all right again. My father says Garak's dead. I used to think my father was a hero. That even when he did something bad, he had a good reason. You think my father is evil? Aren't you being a little pessimistic? It might not be so bad. For all we know the Vorta could be gluttonous, alcoholic sex maniacs. I never doubted it. [Infirmary]
Nerys. I haven't seen you in weeks. Sit down. About what? Father. I need to talk to you. Nothing that you can't fix. I want you to free Rom. Not at all. You can pardon him. Don't you see, Father, this is your chance to show the Bajoran people, to show Major Kira who you really are. A forgiving, compassionate man. A great man. No, I wasn't involved. I am telling you the truth. The question is, have you been telling me the truth. That the Bajorans are wrong about you. That you regret the horrible things you had to do during the occupation. Then this is your chance to prove it to everyone, including me. Show us that you're capable of mercy. Spoken like a true Cardassian. No, I'm not! I could never be like you. I really believed my father had changed. That he wanted to be a man of peace. Everything he's ever said to me has been a lie I don't care. I am not going back to him. You don't believe me, do you? You and I have nothing to talk about. Well I don't want to see him. It should be obvious, even to you, Damar, that I am not a true daughter of Cardassia. Did you kill him? What are you going to do when he wakes up?
Father? It's really you. Mother said you'd (Dukat is pointing a weapon at her) Father, what's wrong? The Cardassian prisoners, they told me this would happen. That you'd never let me go home. But I didn't believe them. I used to dream about you coming to save me. It's what kept me alive. If I can't be with you, then I'd rather die. (Dukat drops his weapon and embraces Ziyal.)
Hello, Major. I wasn't exactly welcomed with open arms. There were some Cardassians who could see past the Bajoran ridges on my nose, but not many. The only good thing about living on Cardassia was being with my father. He's been wonderful. And so brave. He never tried to hide me away. He never acted like he was ashamed of me. We'd go out to dinner together, take long walks. Wherever he goes, I go. He's the only family I have. And this is the only home I need. It's a battle drill. How do you know so much about Cardassian weapons? I can see why my father likes having you around. You don't like my father much, do you? I understand. He did some very bad things during the occupation. It bothers him, you know. Very much. He talks about it sometimes. He'd never admit it to anyone else, but he thinks the occupation was a mistake. Maybe not. But maybe losing made him a better person. I know. I think about that a lot. But when I look at my father, I have a hard time seeing a murderer. My father says that the two of you have a lot in common. That you both did things during the war that you regret. That's why he cares so much about what you think of him. So is Engineering. What's it look like? Understood. Nerys! I want to show you something. (Ziyal hands Kira a Klingon dagger.) Go ahead, attack me. It's okay. I know what I'm doing. Damar showed me a good trick. Try to stab me with the knife. (Ziyal turns into the stab and tries to throw Kira, but gets her feet kicked out and ends up on her back with the dagger at her throat.) I guess it wasn't such a good trick. If I'm going to help my father, I have to be prepared for anything. Show me what you did again. Please. I know I have a lot to learn. I've been practicing with the disruptor rifle but I need to know how to defend myself in hand-to-hand combat. I was lucky not to have to fight when we boarded this ship. I may not be so lucky next time. Whatever it takes, I will do it. But I'm going to need your help. I know you will. That's right.
What's that? Do you know who I am? That's right. Now I suggest you allow us to deliver this food. You just told them not to move. Father! I've been looking for you. I heard about the evacuation. No matter how much I try to hate you, I can't. Home? I'm not leaving. They're not my enemies. I'm one of them. Father, I helped Major Kira and the others escape from the holding cells. Yes, I do. I belong here. Goodbye, Father. I love you. (Ziyal is shot.)
Nerys! KIRA Ziyal! (They hug.) I am so glad to see you. It didn't take much convincing. Why don't you and I have dinner tonight, and I'll tell you all about it. I can't tell you how much I've missed you. I'll see you tonight. Come in. Nerys, you're early. I've just started the ramufta. Oh. It's because of my father, isn't it? I thought you might change your mind. I was hoping I was wrong. Please don't be upset with me. I know how hard you worked to arrange things for me on Bajor. I tried, I really tried. It wasn't any one thing. The students at the university, everybody was polite. But then I'd see them whispering in the hallways, staring at me. I'm the daughter of Gul Dukat. My father is leading a war against the Emissary of the Prophets. I don't know what made me think I belonged there. This station is the closest thing I have to a home. You're here. My father is here. We talked about that. He admits he overreacted, but family loyalty is important to my father and he felt I betrayed him. He misses me, and I've missed him. I have to give him a chance. He's all I have except for you. I was hoping you would have dinner with us tonight because there's something special I wanted to share with both of you. But I guess that's impossible. I promise my father will behave. [Rotarran Mess hall] (As the Rotarran arrives at the convoy.) Vedek Nane taught me to focus intently on the image that I want to evoke, to allow it to fully form in my mind before I even pick up the brush. Well, what do you think? You think so? The director of the Cardassian Institute of Art said the same thing. I sent him some of my drawings. I know. I wanted to do this on my own. He said I have a real gift. The Institute is having an exhibition of new artists next month. He might want to include my work. It's a chance to show that both Bajorans and Cardassians look at the universe the same way. That's what I want to do with my work, bring people together. I guess it sounds a little silly. Are you ready for dessert? Good. (Ziyal leaves them together.) Who was that? It's beautiful! You can be so thoughtful. Nerys. You didn't come to the party last night. Please don't ask me to choose between you.
You could always call security. I don't think I'll hurt you. In fact I think it's safe to say you have nothing to fear from me. (They arrive at the Promenade.) Hello. This is your shop. It's very nice. You do good work. I got this holosuite programme from Quark. It's a reproduction of a Cardassian sauna, like the ones they have back home. I was wondering if you might be interested in trying it out with me. I mean, we're the only Cardassians on the station, and, well, the temperature's too hot for almost anyone else. Maybe the day after tomorrow, say twenty one hundred? Great. I'll see you there. Garak. Doesn't it feel good? The station can be so chilly sometimes. Aren't you going to lie down? Excuse me? You really think I asked you here to kill you? Well, it did occur to me. Kira and my father both told me that you used to be an agent of the Obsidian Order. That you had my grandfather tortured and killed, and that you could easily kill me without a second thought. You know what else is true? I don't care. I'm half-Bajoran and that means I'm an outcast back home. I can't go back and neither can you. So we can either share some time together or we can ignore each other. I spent five years in a prisoner of war camp by myself. I don't need your company. But if you'd like to stay and share the heat with me, maybe tell me something about home that I don't know, then I would welcome your company. And I get the feeling you would welcome mine. Either way, it's up to you.
I like sixty four. Why don't you just let Garak design a dress on his own? You know whatever he comes up with will be beautiful. You're sure you won't come with me? I'm not going to be very popular there, either. Well, what's going to happen to you? By becoming the greatest tailor in the galaxy.
Well, how did it go? Really? I never saw you as the giving up type. My father would be furious to hear me say this, but there's something about Garak I find fascinating. The Gamma Quadrant? You can't go to the Gamma Quadrant. But if something were to happen to you, I don't know what I'd do. It's not just the meals. It's not that either. You know that. It's just that you're intelligent and cultured and kind. Why do you always make fun of my feelings for you? If that's what you think, why do you spend so much time with me? I'm glad I could help. I believe you. Father, no! Father, let him go. Please. Father, please. You're wrong about Garak, Father. He's a good man. It's good to see you, too, Father. What are you doing on the station? Father, have you been waiting long? You should have come into the Shrine. So, where would you like to have dinner? You're sending me to Cardassia? Father, I'm not sure that I want to go. That won't be necessary, Father. I'm not leaving. I'm not one of your soldiers. I'm Tora Naprem's daughter too. I'm half Bajoran. I don't belong on Cardassia. You know I will never be accepted there. What things? I can't go. Garak promised me that he would come back. He made a promise and so did I. I said I would wait for him and I will.
