One one one one one. Pralor Pralor. One one. Pralor Pralor Pralor Pralor. Please identify yourself. I'm automated unit 3947. Thank you for reactivating me, Lieutenant B'Elanna Torres. Chief Engineer's log, supplemental. the robot's power module is continuing to function normally using plasma from our warp engines. Repairing it's systems has taught me more about robotics than I ever could have learnt at Starfleet Academy. [Engineering] I concur. According to my self-diagnostic systems Automated Personnel Unit 3947 is currently functioning at sixty eight percent of peak operating capabilities. Lieutenant B'Elanna Torres is an extremely proficient humanoid. I was operating an asteroid mining pod. It exploded. I am unable to access that information. My memory cells are not yet operating at optimal efficiency. I am stationed aboard a Pralor vessel. Thank you. New plasma? You repaired my power module. Are you a Builder? Only the Builders were capable of constructing or repairing power modules. Yes. Yes, like Lieutenant B'Elanna Torres. You could create a new power module. The new power module would not be for me. It would be a prototype for the construction of additional automated units. The Builders no longer exist. [Ready room] Define Prime Directive. The automated units were not created naturally. We were built. You can help us build more. But Lieutenant B'Elanna Torres does. Without your help, we will not survive. I thought Lieutenant B'Elanna Torres was a Builder. Thank you. [Bridge] Thank you. You are repeating instructions you have already given me, B'Elanna. This is where you will assist in the creation of the prototype. That is not possible. Your communication device has been deactivated. I do not wish to injure you, B'Elanna. We require additional automated units to prevent our extinction. It would be inadvisable for your Captain to provoke us. [Bridge] Your Captain has made a tactical error by attacking us. Our weapons systems are substantially superior to yours. Your shields are failing, your weapons pose no threat to us. [Bridge] Your ship opened fire. We are programmed to defend ourselves. Our enemies must be destroyed. You are not my enemy, B'Elanna, but your Captain is, and your crew follows her commands. We have tried, and failed. I am unable to explain the failure. We duplicated a power module to exact specifications on several occasions, but in all instances the energy output of the new module was insufficient to operate a unit. This is a schematic of a power module from a terminated unit. This one is from a failed prototype. They are identical. There is no reason why one should function while the does not. (Unit 6263 enters.) It is also possible that these humanoids will not make decisions based on tactical probabilities. Their cognitive process is unpredictable. According to my observations, the humanoid is operating at optimal efficiency. B'Elanna Torres, 6263 is a Designated Command Unit. He is merely following his programming. I believe you, but unit 6263 does not. He does not know Lieutenant B'Elanna Torres as I do. Explain. That is correct. Can you reprogram the energy codes to make the modules interchangeable? You have failed. I will inform 6263. You have an alternative idea? According to my observations, there is now sufficient reason for greater optimism. Please rephrase the question. I am programmed as a ship's maintenance unit. I have no knowledge of design, nor do any of the other automated personnel. I am observing your work. However I do not possess your improvisational capabilities. I am automated unit 3947. I have been in service one million three hundred and fourteen thousand eight hundred and seven hours and thirty three minutes. I was activated by a Builder from the Pralor homeworld. I have insufficient knowledge of your culture to provide an adequate response. Will you provide additional information? Does your culture include artificial lifeforms? Are they similar to the automated personnel units aboard this ship? Are they your servants? The same? He is equal to a Builder? What is his designated number? Data. I would like to be acquainted with this Data. You will succeed, B'Elanna Torres. I believe it will. [Ready room] It does not function correctly. You did it, B'Elanna Torres. I knew this task would not exceed your operating capabilities. What are you doing? Automated Personnel Units of the Cravic homeworld. That is correct. They were programmed to do so by their Builders. That is correct. That is not possible. The Cravic are also extinct. [Shuttlecraft] All Automated Personnel Units were programmed to achieve victory. The Cravic ship has penetrated our defence shield. The Pralor and the Cravic called a truce. They attempted to do so. We terminated the builders. [Shuttlecraft] This is unit 3947. Fire units report to reconstruction bay number one. You have terminated the prototype. You will build another. Lieutenant B'Elanna Torres, I told 6263 you were not our enemy.
