Welcome to Abaddon's Repository of Lost Treasures. Whether you're in the mood to buy or simply browse, we're always open. Take a look. You may find something you never knew you wanted. [Transporter room] The name was passed down from my father and his father before him. Not a very imaginative lot, but I'll answer to it just the same. Neelix, is it? You wouldn't be a fellow trader, would you? Cheerful demeanour, furtive eyes. It's obvious you're a man of commerce. A useful skill in my line of work. Well, whether you're interested in a new iso-convective oven or a slightly dated translation matrix, you've come to the right place. My inventory, give or take a few items. After twenty years, it's hard to keep up. Artificial gravity plating. Plasma-based power induction. Impressive.  Remember, just one seat, not much storage. She was designed for speed, not hauling. Make sure you go easy on the thrusters. She doesn't like being manhandled. Sensitive. She demands respect, like any fine piece of machinery. Well, in some ways she's like the daughter I couldn't marry off. But that doesn't mean I'd trade her to just anyone. I've got a feeling you're the kind of pilot that she needs. Someone that'll give her the proper care and attention.  Well, this has been a very productive exchange. Oh, just one more thing. That's one commodity I don't keep in stock. I suggest you look elsewhere. You'll find I'm prepared to deal with disgruntled customers. A beryllium crystal. That's what the Haarkonian told me when he traded her. I blamed his wild stories on isolation sickness and then took the ship off his hands. Odd? You could say that. I tried turning her into a towing vessel. She was cooperative at first but then she began to require constant, oh. Where was I? Right. Please, I wasn't going to tell them anything. No one. I, I, I have to leave now. I'll return the items you traded for the ship. Leave me alone. I did what you told me. I found you a pilot. It's her. She's right in front of me. Transport me back now. Argh! (He clutches his head and collapses.) She was here. She can't fly herself, she needs a pilot. A biological entity to work in tandem with her programming. I wasn't compatible. She said my reflexes were too slow, that I was as useless as the junk that I traded, and I couldn't get her to where she needed to go. Don't ask me for the coordinates. She never told me. Just insisted that I get her a real pilot. I'm sorry I didn't warn you before. I couldn't resist her.
