I hope you've been behaving yourself. This time let's see if you can do it without causing an accident. You usually manage to make a mess of everything you do. I'm just telling you what you already know. When the going gets tough, you crumble. You don't really believe that. In your heart, you believe you'll fail again. And of course you will. You can't do anything right. You'll fail. Why even try?
I want every ship in range to converge on those coordinates now. Open a channel. This is Admiral Paris. Use all necessary force. I repeat, all necessary force. Welcome back. How did you I look forward to it. (Transmission ends.)
Voyager, come in. Come in, Voyager. Voyager, come in, this is Starfleet Command. Voyager, come in, Voyager. Can we contact them? Impressive. Will they be able to respond? It's all right, Mister Harkins, let the man speak. I'm all ears, son. A wormhole? I can't give you high marks for clarity, Lieutenant, but you've certainly got my attention. Is there any merit to what he's saying? I have a son on that ship, Lieutenant. I haven't forgotten that fact for a single moment. You told him I have a meeting scheduled at fifteen hundred? Send him in. You're frightening my secretary, Mister Barclay. You have five minutes. Sit down. Yes, Commander Harkins has informed me about your attachment to the crew. I understand you've been spending time with a holographic re-creation of my son, among others. Frankly, I find that rather disturbing. Commander Harkins doesn't seem to think your plan is viable. In my opinion, Commander Harkins removed you from the project with good cause, and that's his prerogative. I won't let my personal feelings interfere with Starfleet procedure. I'll order a review of your findings. If it's concluded your ideas are valid, I'll instruct Commander Harkins to pursue it. That's the best I can do, Mister Barclay. Good day. [Barclay's Apartment] There you are. I've reviewed Mister Barclay's plan. I think it's worth an attempt. I'm sorry to hear that. You've put me in a difficult position, son. I was hoping that we'd be able to From where? Voyager. This is Admiral Paris. [Bridge] How are your people holding up? I want you all to know we're doing everything we can to bring you home. [Bridge] Why the long face, Mister Barclay? No, Lieutenant. I'd say that Project Voyager is just beginning, thanks to you. [Mess hall]
Occupation? Dabo? Is this true? Lieutenant Barclay tells me that the two of you spent a significant amount of time together. Did he ever discuss his work at Pathfinder with you? And who did you share that information with? I have a theory. Would you like to hear it? I think that some of your Ferengi friends found a way to profit from Lieutenant Barclay's work. I think you were encouraged to get close to him. And when you had all the information you needed, you left. I don't think therapy is what this woman needs, Counsellor. Five minutes. (Paris and his aide leave.) The Ferengi wouldn't have stolen the hologram if they didn't think it was valuable. They're probably waiting to rendezvous with a buyer. Are there any Starfleet ships in that area? Open a channel. Tell Captain Peterson to adjust his course immediately. Captain Janeway knows better than to take her ship into such a dangerous anomaly. The Carolina isn't equipped to do that.
Captain Janeway, it's a pleasure to finally talk to you in person. Cold and rainy as usual. I wish we had more time for small talk but the singularity only stays in alignment for eleven minutes a day. We're going to leave it up to you to determine how to allocate the comm. time. Oh, yes. Mister Barclay has arranged a small gift for you and your crew. (Their image shrinks into the bottom right corner of the screen, to reveal planet Earth.) Ah yes, Mister Barclay. What can I do for you? Well, what is it? Well, I appreciate the gesture Lieutenant but, I don't share your affinity for holographic diversions. Hmm. [Astrometrics lab] Captain. I had the dubious privilege of playing a new holonovel apparently written by your EMH. I'm surprised that you would allow the Doctor to discredit your crew like this. Well, it has been. Mister Barclay tells me We'll be in touch, Captain. (Transmission ends.)
Go to your room, young man. That's an order. Stay there and think about what I've said.
