You know who I am, Kathryn. Yes. Drowned under the polar icecap on Tau Ceti Prime. It was devastating to you. Kathryn, Kathryn. I raised you to be a doubter and a sceptic, to look at the world with a scientist's eye, but in this instance that won't work. Isn't it clear? You're dead. You died in that shuttle crash. I understand your confusion, your refusal to accept what's happened. I went through the same thing after my accident. I went back to you, and your mother, and your sister after I died for a long time, until I realised it was futile. That's what happens when dead is unexpected. One's consciousness isn't prepared to let go. For the want of a better word. Some say ghost or spirit. We all heard the stories and thought they were the product of vivid imaginations or self-induced hysteria. I'll admit I was surprised when I found they were true. You were so grief-stricken you fell into a terrible depression. You spent months in bed, sleeping away your days rather than confronting your feelings. I'm not sure what would have happened if your sister hadn't forced you into the real world again. Kathryn, remember, several times after I died you woke up thinking I was in the room with you? You told your sister it felt absolutely real. That's because it was real. I was there trying to convince you to get on with your life. That's up to you. Eventually you will cross over. The only question is how long it will take you to give up this world. I don't know what to call it. Another state of consciousness, unlike anything we could have imagined in life. It's not a frightening place, Kathryn. It's full of joy and indescribable wonder. People have felt the presence of ghosts throughout the ages, but the technology to find them still hasn't been invented. But they will give up eventually. They'll accept what's happened, and that's what you have to do. If that's what you feel you need to do, I understand. [Tuvok's quarters] They all love you, Kathryn. It's going to be hard for them. Because you don't want to. Tomorrow, it will become easier. It's over, Kathryn. There's nothing left for you here. Come with me. Just decide. The only thing that keeps you is your refusal to leave. My poor little bird. You always made it hard for yourself. If there was a rocky path and a smooth one, you chose the rocky one every time. You're saying all the things I told myself when I refused to leave you. I was hoping you wouldn't have to go through that. It's a horrible existence, Kathryn. As time wears on you begin to see how potent, how destructive, loneliness is. You'll see the people you love going on with their lives, doing all the things you used to share with them, but you won't be a part of it any more. You'll be forever shut out of their existence. It becomes agonising. I don't want that to happen to you. What can I do to convince you? You can only be an observer of their lives, never a participant. Every hour you stay here makes it that much more difficult to leave. What do you mean? Here? An hallucination like the others. More denial. You're only making it harder on yourself. I'm trying to spare you unnecessary pain. I'm trying to help you. Stop fighting me. This is what my species does. At the moment just before death one of us comes to help you understand what's happening, to make the crossing over an occasion of joy. Our Matrix, where your consciousness will live. I was being truthful when I said it was a place of wonder. It can be whatever you want it to be. Usually people are comforted to see their loved ones. It makes the crossing over a much less fearful occasion. I've done this many times, but I've never encountered someone so resistant. [Planet surface] They're trying out of desperation. It's hopeless. Because it's inevitable. I've waited for you. I've been patient. You must go with me. Wouldn't that be better than standing here in this endless debate? You're in a dangerous profession, Captain. You face death everyday. There'll be another time, and I'll be waiting. Eventually you'll come into my Matrix and you will nourish me for a long, long time.
