First Prelate Alcia. May this day find you at peace and leave you with hope. That's a traditional blessing from our ancient scrolls. We don't often engage in dialogue with alien races, but your story of crossing the galaxy intrigued me. Thank you. [Engineering] I find it interesting that you chose this to show me first. Do your people consider advanced technology to be their highest achievement? Our ancestors were brilliant scientists and engineers. They were continually developing better, smarter, more efficient machines, until the technology became more important than the people. I believe our society would have self-destructed if it weren't for the reformation. My great-grandfather helped to return us to ourselves, and since that time we've remained isolated to avoid the influence of those who might lead us back down the wrong path. Very impressive. My people believe that physical matter is only an illusion. The body is not the true self, only a representation. That is similar to our teachings. Our connection to what you call a higher plane is more important than our attachment to this brief existence, however real it may seem. Yes, thank you, Doctor? I've been called away on an emergency. No, thank you. It would be better if you and your crew continued on your journey. It's been an interesting visit. It's been our custom for generations to avoid close contact with outsiders. I choose to honour that tradition. Goodbye, Captain. I hope you find your way home. (The Drayans leave.) This desecration dishonours us both, Captain. This moon is our crysata. Sacred ground. Your presence is forbidden here. We found your shuttle on the surface. The pilot is dead. No, only one. If there's someone else on this moon you must transport him back to your ship immediately. This type of disturbance is exactly why we avoid contact with outsiders. I was wrong to respond to your communication. I should have known better than to indulge my curiosity. One which I expect you to correct as soon as possible. (Transmission ends.) Captain. That won't be necessary, Captain. You've been intrusive enough. There's no reason to fear for anyone's safety on the crysata. It's a blessed haven, sheltered and unspoiled, which is the very reason why I can't allow you to go there under any circumstances. That's completely unacceptable! If you launch one of your shuttles, I will be forced to send one of ours after you. Well then, leave at once.! You're holding one of our children. I want to speak to her. The child is confused. I only want to help her. Tressa, I understand how confusing this must be for you. If you return to the surface I will answer all of your questions. Unacceptable. If you or any of your people attempt to take Tressa back to your ship, I will use any means necessary to stop you. Very well. Fire! (The shuttle is buffeted by shockwaves. Tressa screams.) Mister Tuvok, don't make this difficult. She's been frightened enough. This is a critical time. I can't allow you to interfere. You have found your crew member. Now go. You simply don't understand the harm you're doing. It is not a choice, this is her time. Tressa has reached the end of her life. She is ninety six years old. Tressa, these people are outsiders. They don't understand how we live. They see us as strange because their aging process is reversed. Please, you don't belong with them. I'm here to help you now. It's perfectly natural to be frightened. You're taking a step into the unknown. The attendants would have helped you prepare yourself. You were never meant to face this time alone. He was right about the Morrok. It only exists in stories. At this age they become easily confused. Their memories are clouded. Near the end of life we reach a state of complete innocence. We free ourselves from all responsibilities to this life and we leave it peacefully. That's not for you or me to decide. This is a normal biological process which begins the day we are created. The energy contained within our bodies remains cohesive for a limited number of years and then it is released. Nothing can change that. No. It's the natural course of life. We believe this is where the very first spark of life was created. We are all compelled by a powerful instinct to return here at the end to complete the cycle and rejoin the infinite energy. Tressa, do you feel it calling to you? Tressa, may this night see you safely home. Attending a child on the crysata is an honourable role. You have fulfilled it well. The final moment of life is the most sacred, most private time. Perhaps we have each misjudged the other, Captain. We must leave them.
