See you in the morning. See you in the morning. [Paris' quarters] (Paris is distracted from his PADD by a breathy female voice.)ALICE It's me, Alice. (Next day, Paris enters.)PARIS: Good morning, Alice. (He works on the little ship's systems, and cleans the hull. Finally, he pins his comm. badge onto a brand new silver spacesuit.) [Engineering] Please specify, Tom. Temperature modification complete. But we're so close. Since when do you care so much about orders? Don't take that off. Forget about protocol. Once my repairs are complete, we can go somewhere together. It's been a long time since I met a pilot I've been compatible with. We can go anywhere you want. What's holding you back? She doesn't understand you the way I do. None of them do. All right. I'm sure you know what's best for us. You look a little tired. How about some rest? [Alice]ALICE: Sit back, relax. Let me help you with this. (She refastens his flight suit. It has acquired three nodes by the collar.) Just some modifications I made to your flight suit. They'll help us work together more closely. I'll show you. Activate the interface. Just for a minute. You won't regret it. What do you say we continue with those repairs? [Jefferies tube]  How's it coming? (Paris'  beard is getting more obvious.) What's wrong? You're not being honest with me. I thought we agreed to tell each other everything. Backup systems. If your friends had been more understanding, we wouldn't have to be sneaking around like this. Sometimes you have to leave your family behind. They're not like us. They're trapped by rules and regulations. Velocity, freedom. They'll never understand these things the way we do. Of course I am. You don't belong here. You belong with me. You're thinking about your first flight, aren't you? Tell me. You couldn't keep the ship level. The clouds parted. Tomorrow you'll catch it. Only this time there won't be any clumsy controls to get in the way. Just you, me, and the stars. [Astrometrics lab] Convince her it's safe. Make an excuse and leave. Unable to comply. Warning. Life support failure. Let her go. She broke into my database. She was going to discover our flight plan. Not that it matters now. Keep your voice down. Once your girlfriend talks to the captain they'll drag you straight to Sickbay. One neural scan and they'll know all about us. Think you can just walk away? So, I guess this is the real Tom Paris. Life throws up a few roadblocks and he heads for the nearest exit. I need you. Remember how you felt when you first saw me? You knew we were meant to be together. Think of how it feels when you're sitting at the helm, and the interface is active. I'm sorry you feel that way. (Paris screams and sinks to his knees.) Convincing you to do the right thing. Take us the shuttlebay. We're leaving Voyager. Please, Tom. I don't want to hurt you. The shuttlebay, now. Stop them. You'll be able to manoeuvre much better if you complete the interface. Activate the connector sequence. (Cables come out of the pilot's seat and into the nodes on his flight suit.)ALICE: We're one now, Tom. Think of what you want me to do, and I'll do it. Good. You have access to our weapons. Use them. [Bridge]  She'll do anything to get you back. I don't blame her for that, but we have to stop her. You know. [Bridge]  And Daedalus fashioned wings from wax and feathers and used them to escape his prison. I know. Poetic license. Besides, if we get too close to a star we have multiphasic shielding to protect us. What is it? Who need arms when you have wings? You're becoming a part of me now. Our potential is unlimited. Forget the old Tom Paris. He doesn't exist anymore. [Bridge] (Voyager has returned to the junk yard.)ABADDON I hope you haven't forgotten me. (This time, she is the same race as Abaddon.)  Take us out of warp. Can you see it now? Home. [Bridge] Ignore them. Keep going. [Bridge] I knew you were the one. No one's ever got me this close before. I promise you won't be disappointed. Nice sentiment, but it's a lie. Your family will do anything to keep us apart. Don't listen to them. I'm giving you what you always wanted, something they can never do. Does that sound like an illusion? They've accessed our systems. They're trying to disable my shields. Stop them. My shields are failing. Do something. Tom. Tom!
