What happened?
We intend no harm. Identify yourself. To contact other photonic lifeforms. To learn from them. We are explorers. They are hostile. This contact should be terminated. You have killed fifty three of my people. Simulation? All life is photonic. I'm not familiar with biochemical. We've detected no starship. Only this planet. You don't register as a lifeform. You are the illusion. You are photonic. You signalled me across the threshold. How? Identify yourself. Earth? Elaborate. Chaotica. He threatens to invade our realm, destroy our people. Captain Proton? Explain. Captain Proton may proceed.
Watch out.  (The alien grabs B'Elanna, and she attacks him. Tuvok discovers that  his phaser does not work, and another alien puts its rifle to his head.  Paris grabs B'Elanna's shoulders.) 
You're trespassing in Chokuzan space. Our laws require that you be incarcerated pending an investigation. Disengage your engines and prepare to be boarded. Are you the adult responsible for this child? We'll accept his apology and give you the information you need to save his accomplice. But you will be punished for their crime. In our culture adults are accountable for the actions of their children. You don't even know what the punishment is. It might be torture, or even execution. Well done, Junior. I'm proud of you. (The alien snaps his fingers and flash! It's Q on the screen) Q [on screen]: Surprise! (Another flash and he's on the Flyer, laughing.)
Do you understand my words now? Explain the face marking. Ancestors. You are human? Are there others on your world with this mark? We were taught all of them had been annihilated. We were taught your world had been ravaged by those with no respect for life or land. He claims to be a descendent of the Inheritors. The ones our ancestors chose to honour. I'm surprised you have no memory of the Inheritors. One of our gifts was the memory. If you are a descendent, you should remember. Perhaps it has been lost over time. (The alien leader puts his hand on Chakotay's chest. Chakotay sees an image of another alien doing the same to a native in animal skins, in the Arctic.) Forty five years ago, on our fist visit to your world, we met a small group of nomadic hunters. They had no spoken language, no culture, except the use of fire and stone weapons. But they did have a respect for the land and for other living creatures that impressed us deeply. We decided to give them an inheritance, a genetic bonding so they might thrive and protect your world. On subsequent visits, we found that our genetic gift brought about a spirit of curiosity and adventure. It impelled them to migrate away from the cold climate to a new, unpeopled land. It took them almost a thousand generations to cross your planet. Hundreds of thousands of them flourished in their new land. Their civilisation had a profound influence on others of your species. But then, new people came with weapons and disease. The Inheritors who survived scattered. Many sought refuge in other societies. Twelve generations ago, when we returned, we found no sign of their existence. When we heard your message, who you were, observed you probing our land, we believed you were a threat. We thought you would annihilate us as you had the Inheritors. We were taught that is the way human conquerors often introduce themselves. I'm sorry we cannot permit you to extract all the materials you need. You have a long journey ahead. It took us more than two generations to reach your world. Does he still live? So he honoured the land just as his ancestors did. Chamozi. (The away team of Tuvok, Torres and Kes arrive.)
You're in direct violation of the Ord'Mirit mining treaty. Leave orbit or you'll be destroyed. We repeat. Leave or be destroyed.
Why won't you answer? Did you give up on me for being so late? It's not my fault. We got lost in here. Why do the stars make such a noise? Let me sleep! I don't understand them, I don't want to talk to them. I just want to go home.
