That's not possible. Unlike other planets in this system, we grant our guest workers the full protection of our laws. Unscrupulous individuals attempting to acquire skilled labourers. Most of your friends have excellent positions in the Central Power Facility in the capital. Why would any of them want to travel thousands of light years to a planet on the other side of the galaxy when they have safe, comfortable lives right here? I suggest you look elsewhere to increase your labour supply. And if you attempt to disturb any of our citizens, we will respond with force. (Transmission ends.)  If it weren't for your efforts, this whole conspiracy might never have been uncovered.
The central desert. Fortunately that region isn't heavily populated. Can you give us an idea of it's trajectory? Our largest colonies are there. Over five thousand citizens. That was Doctor Vatm, our most prominent astrophysicist. He mentioned the composition of the asteroids. Could he have found something important? We haven't time to evacuate all those people. I won't give up, not now. Captain, I'm asking for your help again, but I won't ask you to risk your crew. Excuse me? Triadium? Isn't that an alloy? What happened to you down there? Where's Sklar?
And collided with the barrier. I’m sorry. That’s very unlikely. It shields the territory of an indigenous society, the Ventu. I’m afraid we can’t do that. It was erected by aliens hundreds of years ago. They haven’t been back. The technology is a mystery to us. To protect the Ventu. Us. Our ancestors fought them, polluted their habitat. I’m afraid we weren’t very enlightened back then. I told you, it’s not possible. The generator is inside. There’s no way to access it. Even if your people did survive, I’m afraid there’s no way to get them out. Captain’s log, stardate 54827.7. Although the Ledosians are sceptical, they’re allowing us to try to locate our people. Meanwhile, we've begun to analyse the shuttle fragment. [Engineering] I don’t understand. You have no right to limit our access to our own territory. I don’t think you realise how important this is. It’s not only the resources that interest us. The Ventu are our evolutionary ancestors. Our living history. In the spirit of cooperation, I hope you'll reconsider. I’ll make the arrangements.(Later -_KIM: We’ve transported all the remaining debris to the Cargo Bay. Captain Janeway. Our government has decided not to let you restore the barrier. We only targeted your transporters to avoid harming your crew. I hope you’ll show the same restraint. If you want to avoid further conflict, I suggest you leave. (Transmission ends.)
