Probe the continuum. Has our target event been achieved? Time is patient, so we must be patient with it. Eradicating a single Zahl colony wasn't enough for a total restoration. We have to work on a larger scale. Take us to the Zahl homeworld. Prepare a new set of calculations. We must erase the entire species from time. Every lifeform, every molecule. [Astrometrics lab] Enter. Complete? If I told you to count the stars in the cosmos would the task ever be complete? Our attempts may be sufficient. They may be even relatively successful, but they will never be complete. Choose your words with more precision. What were the exact results? Counter indications? The, er, the colony at Kyana Prime. That was restored as well? Then our mission has failed. Begin calculations for the next incursion. No, not until every colony, every individual, every blade of grass is restored. Not close enough. Return to your station and begin a new set of calculations. Is that clear? You surprise me, Obrist, After so many years, you still perceive time through conventional eyes. Never is a word that has no meaning here. As long as we stay on this vessel, protected from space-time, we have all eternity to accomplish our mission. Set temporal coordinates. Full power to the weapon. Prepare for total erasure of the species. Fire. (The ray spreads around the planet then off into space.) Trace elements? Counter indications? Track the temporal wavefront as it passes through the system. I want to monitor every change in the timeline as it occurs. Not possible. Our calculations were perfect. What vessel? That ship was classified as an inert component. It shouldn't be generating a temporal field. Take me to them. Day 70 [Astrometrics lab] Collect samples. Two lifeforms, ten square metres of the hull. Disable their shielding. Prepare to initiate a temporal incursion. [Bridge] State your identity. I am Annorax of the Krenim Imperium. We've transferred your crewmen to my vessel for further analysis. Your ship does not come from this quadrant. I see. That doesn't concern you. What is important is that you understand that I bear you no hostility. But you have diverted me from my mission. You're a long way from your world. In a manner of speaking, so am I. Unfortunately, only one of us can go home again. Your sacrifice will restore the lives of countless millions. I'm sorry. (Transmission ends.) He should have been here by now. No doubt he's making himself difficult. I've never seen such an intransigent young man. With some degree of dignity and restraint. Your crewmate has none. The galley has prepared a selection of unique delicacies. You won't find them anywhere else in the galaxy. Please, join me. When I first encountered your vessel, it was badly damaged, barely functioning. What if I told you that in the blink of an eye I could restore Voyager to its former condition, that you and I would never have met. that you might even find yourself closer to the Alpha Quadrant? Yes. I can control the destiny of a single molecule or an entire civilisation. How's the wine? This bottle is the only component left of the once powerful Malkoth race. Everything else about them, cities, culture, the very species itself never existed, because of me. Every dish you see here comes from a civilisation that has been erased from time. Mister Paris, you're devouring the last remnants of the Alsuran Empire. I have collected artefacts from hundreds of worlds. This vessel is more than a weapon. It's a museum of lost histories. You two gentlemen almost became artefacts yourselves, but I've decided to spare your vessel. Call it an act of compassion. You're trying to reach home. In a way, so am I. We can work together to achieve both our goals. In order to make the calculations required to restore Voyager, I need to know about some of your experiences in this quadrant. What species you interacted with, how other components were affected by your presence. I'm offering you a way out of this situation. You accept my offer, or when I do find Voyager I will destroy it. It is possible, but it's extremely difficult. That's why I need your cooperation. You're correct. Given the circumstances, there is no reason to Beyond study and instrumentation, there is instinct. Not everyone has the ability to truly perceive time. Its colours, its moods. Perhaps you do. The solution, then, would be to erase that comet from history. Sounds simple enough. Conduct a simulation. Had you actually eradicated that comet, all life within fifty light years would never have existed. Congratulations, You almost wiped out eight thousand civilisations. Four billion years ago, fragments from that comet impacted a planet. Hydrocarbons from those fragments gave rise to several species of plant life, which in turn sustained more complex organisms. Ultimately several space-faring civilisations evolved and colonised the entire sector. Past, present and future. They exist as one. They breathe together. You're not the only person to make this mistake. When I first constructed this weapon ship, I turned it against our greatest enemy, the Rilnar. The result was miraculous. With the Rilnar gone from history, my people, in an instant, became powerful again. But there were problems. A rare disease broke out among our colonies. Within a year, fifty million were dead. I had failed to realise that the Rilnar had introduced a crucial antibody into the Krenim genome, and my weapon had eliminated that antibody as well. You can't imagine the burden of memory that I carry. Thousands of worlds, billions of lives, gone, brought back, gone again. I try to rationalise the loss. They're not really being destroyed, because they never existed. Sometimes I can almost convince myself. What makes you think Voyager will ever reach Earth? The odds against you are astronomical, yet you keep trying. You can help me to change that, Chakotay. Together, we'll restore the Krenim and Voyager and we'll undo the damage that I've caused. Come. It's time I show you the heart of this vessel. The temporal core. Day 180 [Bridge] We're preparing for a temporal incursion. I had an inspiration last night. By my calculations the eradication of the Ram Izad species will result in a fifty two percent restoration of the Krenim timeline. When Time offers you an opportunity you don't ignore it. Take us into orbit. Full power to the weapon. Prepare for total erasure. Fire. Trace elements? Counter indications? Scan the continuum. Bring me the results once they're complete. I'll be in my chambers. (Annorax leaves.) I'm altering history on a massive scale. The destinies of countless star systems are in my hands. The fate of one species is insignificant. It seemed so easy the first time. In the blink of an eye, I had changed history itself. Allowed my people to thrive again. But when I changed history a second time, I lost more than you can imagine. How could you know that? My wife. And with her, my future. My children, grandchildren, When I tell that Time has moods, a disposition to be intuited, I'm not speaking metaphorically. Anger is one of it's moods. Anger and the desire for retribution, vengeance. Time itself has tried to punish me for my arrogance. It has kept me from my wife, denied me my future. (Obrist enters.) Kyana Prime? Resume scanning the continuum. I've, er, I've studied your calculations, Chakotay. They're promising, but premature. We'll keep working on them. In the meantime, my mission must continue. To fight for what is mine? That's not for you to decide. Only Time can pronounce judgment against me. [Krenim Timeship - Chakotay's quarters] Identify. We're outside space-time, impervious to their weapons. Let them come. Bring the weapon to full power. Stand by for multiple incursions. We'll have to disable their temporal shields first. Make the necessary calculations. [Bridge] TUVOK Condition? Return fire. [Bridge] TUVOK Target the other vessels. Obrist, I said target the vessels. You're deactivating the temporal core. Get back to your stations. You will not disobey me. We're phasing back into normal space-time. Reconfigure to conventional weapons. [Bridge] TUVOK Fire at will.(A damaged cruiser crashes into Voyager. Fires break out everywhere and Janeway is knocked across the deck. She crawls back to the Captain's chair. There is a big hole where the viewscreen used to be, and only a forcefield between her and a close view of Annorax' ship.) Target Voyager. Put Janeway out of her misery. [Bridge] TUVOK Good morning. In a little while. I still have a few more calculations. (He is working on two PADDs at the same time.) I suppose I can make the time. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
