You're in my seat. And you're reading my book. Do you want my drink, too? Klingon martini. Vermouth, gin, with a dash of bloodwine. What do you like? Valerie Archer. Nice tattoo. I bet there's a story behind it. You can borrow it if you like. Stationed here? Where do you call home? Everywhere. My parents were starship officers. By the time I was ten I'd seen half the quadrant. Bratty as they come. (There is a crash as a chair is knocked over. A man is clutching at his throat while his face wibbles. His friends drag him away.) Can I ask you a question. Have you ever reverted? Ensign O'Halloran, this is his third time this week. If it happens again, they'll pull him out of training. Oh, I can keep my human form. It's the little things that bother me. Breathing oxygen, bipedal locomotion, and sleeping. The concept of being unconscious for eight hours a night, it's so alien. That's why I started reading their books. For some reason it helps me relax. But we shouldn't be talking about this. Think human, talk human, be human. Remember? So, had a chance to take a look around? Headquarters has a lot more to offer than conference rooms and consoles, if you have the right guide. I get off duty at nineteen hundred hours. Speak of the devil. Join us. Oh, can't it wait? What about tonight? Do we have a date? Nineteen hundred hours. Meet you right here. Live long and prosper. (Chakotay and Tuvok walk away.) We were just talking about you. Boothby! Thank you, Boothby. (Boothby leaves.) I was offered a field commission this morning. First officer of the starship HorCha. It's a Klingon vessel. DuCha me gagh roh. Smile when you eat the gagh. Yeah. Half the Captains in Starfleet wouldn't be where they are today if it weren't for Boothby. Lopez, Picard, Richardson, just to name a few. Closing time. Can you dance? It's Pon Farr night at the Vulcan nightclub. It's just around the corner. [Delta Flyer] You're kidding. You were naked? I hope it was well-placed. Computer, lights. Can I get you something to drink? I'm beginning to think you're a teetotaller. Always at yellow alert, huh? Find anything interesting? Replicated. Good book though. You should. Human beings, they're quite a paradox. At first glance, they're so primitive. Genetic impurities, no telepathy, violent and yet they've created so many beautiful ways to communicate their ideas. Literature, art, music. At times, I've actually enjoyed being in this form. You must think I'm crazy. I wonder what they think about us? I'll tell you what I think. They despise us. They'll attack any species that's not part of their Federation. Mmm. Speaking of being in human form. I could use an isomorphic injection. You need one? Make yourself at home. (She goes into the next room, and Chakotay taps a small computer on a shelf into life and starts downloading the data to his tricorder. Archer returns in a bathrobe, and injects her thigh. The skin wibbles. He turns the computer off and goes to the picture window.) Commander. How do you like the view? Looks like a full moon. You can see the entire bay on a night like this. Mmm, feel that? Salinated oxygen molecules, stimulating the epidermal and neural receptors. Non-fluidic space has its charms. Planet Earth. The simulation will be real soon enough. Weeks, days. As soon as they think we're ready. Please. What do you mean? They were allies with the Borg. They invaded our realm. We can't trust them. We have to prepare for the worst. I think you've been human a little too long. Alien from distant galaxy seeks employment. References available upon request. Already? Aren't we forgetting something? I'm no expert at human dating rituals, but I think it's customary to kiss good night. You've never done this before. Me, neither. Just think of it as part of our training. (She backs him up against the door jamb and kisses him. Then Chakotay reciprocates enthusiastically, and leaves.Archer goes to her desk and takes out a scanner. She uses it on her hand where it had touched Chakotay's skin, and activates her desk computer.) I analysed his DNA. Your suspicions were correct. It's difficult to say. He'll have to be interrogated. By now he should be in the main quad. I recommend we go to daylight. He'll be easier to track. [Starfleet Headquarters - gardens] (Night suddenly becomes day. Four people are following him.)  I thought you had a tactical report to finish. How did you find us? Is that why you were here to spy on us, because you're curious? Yes, sir. [Bridge] That's not my name. Shaw. He had a complex mind, for a human. Voyager. [Bridge] Their weapons are offline. If you won't answer, I will. Our mission is to infiltrate your home world, to place operatives in the highest levels of Starfleet, monitor your military installations. It's a reconnaissance mission, nothing more. It wasn't. I've had a chance to see through human eyes and I'm beginning to wonder, are they really so violent? What if we're wrong? You'd rather risk another war? Yes. At least I can finally get out of this form. No more sleeping, period. Shame. It's too bad our species are so different, otherwise I'd ask you for a second date. I'd like that. I'll never get a chance to do this again. (Kissing, long and slow.) Any better this time?
