Greed is eternal. Greed is eternal. Now what other wisdom have you learned from the Sages? A wise man can hear profit in the wind. And now, dear friends, in our great beneficence, we will allow you to come forward to honour our greatness and glorify our generosity. Approach the Holy Sages. Approach your gods and speak your heart. Ah. (The supplicant goes onto his knees and crawls towards the thrones. Kafar puts a leather box in front of him and opens it.) Speak, my friend. What is your business with the Sages? That's seven employees. Eight, if you count the infant. How can your shop be failing? Exploitation begins at home! Exploitation begins at home! You shall have something far more valuable. One copy of the Rules of Acquisition, cheapest binding possible. (The replicator produces it, and Kafar hands it to the sandal maker. Arridor goes back inside.) 143, 144, 145, 146, 147, 148. Profits from the Ga'nah Province are down. Are you listening to me? I said, profits from the Ga'nah Province are down! And what are we going to do about it? Kafar! (Kafar runs in.) What is the 95th Rule of Acquisition? He knows the rules better than you do. And where is it we've been trying to expand this month? And who is in charge of collections in the Ga'nah Province?  Who are you? Shut up, Kol. Let me handle this. What, may I ask, is the Federation doing in the Delta Quadrant? You're crazy. It would take decades to get back from here. And if all doesn't go according to plan? If I'm not mistaken, Captain, the Federation has rules, and those rules forbid you to interfere with indigenous cultures. Who's to say we aren't their Sages, Captain? The song is sung of Sages who can perform miracles which, thanks to our replicator, we do. The song is sung of men coming from the sky on a burning flame. When we crash-landed our shuttle in their quaint little town square, trailing behind us a roaring ribbon of burning plasma. The point is, Captain, that these people have believed for centuries that gods, known as the Sages, would deliver them from their strife. To them, we are those Sages. What happens to a people when they lose their gods? Despair, fear, confusion. And how can you as a moral people blithely tear down the spiritual structure that has supported a community since before their gods were flesh? What would you be leaving them with? Darkness, doubt, hopelessness.  Hmm. There we are. I've reconfigured the matter-antimatter generator to produce an ionic disruption field around the temple square. Let's see how smart those humans think they are now. (Someone hammers at the vault door.) Kafar! Find out who has the audacity to disturb us in our divine vault. But Grand Proxy, how did you? Well, of course, the Grand Nagus, or his official messenger the Grand Proxy, is always welcome in our little world, our rather poverty-stricken little world, and we're thrilled he has taken an interest in our very modest operation. Recalled? (to Kol) This is not a time to lose one's lobes. I'll think of something. (to Neelix) Perhaps the Grand Nagus doesn't understand that profits in this market depend upon our presence. You see, to these people we're, well, gods actually. Without us to make the fools cower in submission, there will be no profits to be had. I'm sure the Grand Nagus wouldn't want to lose such a lucrative revenue stream. The wormhole seems to open and close on its own every seven or eight years. We would be willing to forward a fair share of the profits every time it does, say, twenty percent? Shut up! Then perhaps the Grand Nagus could simply recall one of us and leave the other behind to administer the operation. You could take Kol back with you. Thank them? What? What a Ferengi always does in a situation this grave. No, you idiot! He goes to the Rules of Acquisition. Unabridged and fully annotated, with all forty seven commentaries, all nine hundred major and minor judgements, all ten thousand considered opinions. There's a rule for every conceivable situation. [Temple square] (Neelix is distributing the coins from the sacks.)  Grand Proxy, avoidance of. Mmm. Grand Proxy, censure by. Grand Proxy, encounters with See Hopeless Situation. Then it's time to invoke the unwritten rule. When no appropriate rule applies, make one up. Now, let's see. What should it be? The Grand Proxy is the Nagus's official messenger, right? I've got it. 'When the messenger comes to appropriate your profits, kill the messenger.' [Temple square] You're not very bright for a Grand Proxy. Is on the other side of the galaxy. (Arridor's swing cuts the staff in two. Neelix holds them off by throwing treasure at them.) Oh, no? Who are you then? Neelix? That's not a Ferengi name. (Neelix rolls on the floor, avoiding sword slashes.) If you're not Ferengi, prove it! On your feet. All right, Talaxian, back to your ship. And tell those humans to keep their hands out of our pockets, or else. No, my friend, not exactly. To be precise, we won again! [Temple square] What in the name of eternal destitution is going on here? Quiet, you idiot. This man is no Holy Pilgrim. He's a Talaxian! I don't know. It must be part of the song. I told you we should have listened to the whole thing. We'll see about that. This man, this man is a false Pilgrim. He's come to steal your profits. It's a trick. Kafar, arrest this man. Well, arrest him! (Kafar strikes the gong instead.) Ow! Stop! Ow! Ow! Ow! I am your god. Hands off your god. What is it now? We did, didn't we? We're not going through any wormhole without our possessions. I'll hold you personally responsible for any losses we suffer! Thank you for all your assistance, humans. We'll be heading back into orbit to transport out acquisitions aboard. (Transmission ends.) They're trying to beam us back to their ship again. They're using some sort of subspace carrier wave. Shields to maximum. Send out a high energy graviton pulse. Let's see their transporter signal cut through that. [Bridge]  Reverse thrusters!
