Oh, they were simple. No insult intended. Neelix was right. Voyager is a welcoming place. My people have a way with languages. I myself know over four thousand. It was all I needed. It was enough to grasp the grammar and syntax. Not really. It's a natural ability. Some species are born with great physical prowess. Others, like yours, with a generosity of spirit. My people can see patterns where others see only confusion. Is something wrong? It's all the same to me. You weren't exaggerating, Captain. This datastream is badly damaged. I'd like to see the entire transmission again. Are you Borg? You're much more attractive than the average drone. I see, I see. I think I see the problem. May I? Is that what you call us? Oh, it's all right, Captain. The Borg Collective is like a force of nature. You don't feel anger toward a storm on the horizon, you just avoid it. Ah. Here it is. It's a simple matter of extracting the iconometric elements, and triaxilating a recursion matrix. There's a great deal of information here, Captain. I think it might be useful to utilise the other monitors. (They call the message up on the big screen.) Almost. I've reconstructed over sixty eight kiloquads of information, but a lot of it is still garbled. That part of the message is too degraded to recover. Of course. Captain. I won't pretend to know you well, but I am surprised you're not more encouraged by this discovery. Oh. I wouldn't want to do that. Kucha meRah. (He should say jIQaqh, according to Klingonese experts.) I do now. Your captain was kind enough to let me review your linguistic database. Oh, shame. It's a robust language. I don't know what you're talking about. That's absurd. Please, stay calm, There must be an explanation. I believe that there is a threat here, Captain, but not from me. I didn't feel it was my place to make accusations, but I saw her reconfigure several key algorithms two days ago in your Astrometrics lab, and it seemed obvious. She must have been tampering with the Starfleet message. She's been sabotaging your every effort to reach Earth. You don't have to believe me, Captain. You can find all the evidence you need in her personal database. Home. Particle synthesis. Beyond your understanding. Innocent? Typical of Captain Janeway. Self-righteous. Diplomacy, Captain? Your diplomacy destroyed my world. You negotiated an agreement with the Borg Collective. Safe passage through their space. And in return, you helped them defeat one of their enemies. In your colourful language, yes. Species eight four seven two. Did it ever occur to you that there were those of us in the Delta Quadrant who had a vested interest in that war? Victory would have meant the annihilation of the Borg, but you couldn't see beyond the bow of your own ship! Who are you to make that decision? A stranger to this Quadrant. My people managed to elude the Borg for centuries. Outwitting them, always one step ahead. But in recent years, the Borg began to weaken our defences. They were closing in and Species eight four seven two was our last hope to defeat them. You took that away from us! The outer colonies were the first to fall. Twenty three in a matter of hours. Our sentry vessels tossed aside, no defence against the storm. By the time they'd surrounded our star system, hundreds of Cubes, we had already surrendered to our own terror. A few of us managed to survive. Ten, twenty thousand. I was fortunate. I escaped with a vessel. Alone, but alive. I don't blame them. They were just drones, acting with their It took me months to find you. I watched and waited for my opportunity to make you pay for what you'd done. Then the Starfleet message, and I knew that your selfish desire to get home would surface again. That I could lure you to this vessel. That I could see to it that you'd all be assimilated and spend the rest of eternity as Borg. I was hoping to get your entire crew, but I'll settle for the two of you. In a matter of hours, this ship will return to my homeworld. Inside Borg space. That's irrelevant. This is what you wanted all along, isn't it? To go back to your Collective? You should thank me. [Voyager Bridge] You can slow this ship down, but you can't stop it. In four minutes, Captain Janeway will be gone and a new drone will be born. Revenge is all I have left. I've just destroyed the navigational controls. No one can stop this ship now. Not even me. Two minutes to Borg space.(An impact knocks him to the deck.) [Voyager Bridge] It is for you. [Voyager Bridge]
