I am third magistrate Augris of the Mokra Order. May I assume you're seeking permission to conduct business with us? I see. You must have been unaware of our regulations. I'll transfer a complete copy for future reference. Detained? That's possible. I'll look into it for you. I'll contact you shortly.  Our world has come under attack before. You can understand our concern at finding strangers who arrive secretly from a hidden ship. I believe you, but some of my colleagues are cautious about dealing with disreputable ships. It seems you've been making more enemies than friends since you arrived from the Alpha quadrant, is it? Some think even that story is a lie. Of course not. I'm here to help. I'm afraid that will be difficult in the current climate of mistrust. Perhaps if you could tell us more about what brought you here, who you've been dealing with. You're not making it very easy for me to help you. Let me see what I can arrange. It may take some time. Commander. (Augris and his escort leave.) You can't deny being in contact with the Resistance. These lies are useless. We know that you are helping the subversives. I want names. I've heard that many times, from many people. Take him. (The forcefield is lowered, and Torres grabs the guard that steps through.) He's right. [Caylem's home] (There is a commotion outside. Caylem rushes in.) You look like a helpful citizen, so tell me. You might have seen some strangers who were in the market place earlier today? You! I'm looking for someone. A woman. There are two right over here. You see them, don't you? Maybe we should discuss this elsewhere. (Caylem dashes out.) Run along, old man. There you go. (Augris and the guards leave. Janeway comes over.) We don't have to ask your friend any more questions, if you give us the answers. Your attempt to penetrate our defences is a hostile act against the Mokra Order. There are now eighty five phased ion cannons targeted at your ship. If you don't withdraw from Mokra space in two minutes, we will open fire. (Transmission ends. Down in the tunnels, Janeway avoids patrols and blows up a forcefield control panel. All the forcefields go down. Torres attacks their guard but it is Tuvok who disposes of him with a neck pinch and takes his weapon.) After all that time I spent looking for you, all I had to do was wait here. [Bridge]  I must say I'm impressed, Caylem. You never made it this far before. Every so often he goes on one of his missions to rescue his wife. She's been dead for twelve years. Sometimes he gets all the way up to the front gate. We send him on his way and allow him to serve as a reminder of just how futile it is to challenge us. I thought you'd learnt that lesson when you lost your daughter. She made it as far as the tunnels before she was shot. So much tragedy for one man to bear. And now your foolishness has condemned another innocent woman. Take the others back for questioning. I'll interrogate this one myself.
