Annika.(The man holds out his hand to Seven, and she turns away. Seven wakes in her alcove.) [Sickbay] You're not dreaming. I brought you here. This is Unimatrix Zero. Five of Twelve, secondary adjunct of Trimatrix nine four two. But when I'm here my name is Axum. Sound familiar? Good. It's starting to come back to you. Hello. I'm Axum. This is Annika. He's probably still in a maturation chamber. We come here during our regeneration cycles. We can exist as individuals here. (They look out over an inlet.) You used to come here, before you escaped the Collective. You have the recessive mutation, too. Don't you remember any of it? Only one out of a million drones has it. The Collective has found a way to detect us. It's a lengthy procedure, but they've managed to identify and deactivate nearly two hundred of us over the last few months. It's only a matter of time before they find enough of us to isolate the interlink frequency. Once they've done that. You can help us stop them. We've designed a nanovirus that should mask the biochemical signature of the mutation, but we need someone to release it into the Collective. After we've completed our regeneration cycle we have no memory of this place. You are not a part of the Collective anymore. You're our only connection to the real world. [Borg Queen's Chamber] You're thinking like a Borg. Our only function here is to try and regain a fragment of the lives we lost when we were assimilated. Go introduce yourself. They won't mind. You were friends. You knew a lot of people here. You were a part of our lives for eighteen years. We can't do this by ourselves. We don't have a choice. What would you rather do? Have us wait until we're all discovered? You disappoint me. Where's your warrior spirit? Go ahead, kill me. I'll be back when I begin my next regeneration cycle. You can't stop me, Korok. You don't have to look that way here. No, it's not. They may have turned us into drones, but they can't change the essence of who we are. My cycle's about to end. Talk to your captain. We can't do this without (Axum steps out of his alcove, a drone again.) [Briefing room]  You can see why we want to protect this place. More permanent? That's not possible. That's very ambitious, Captain. But we can't retain our memories.  The Klingons have banded together and they're giving bat'leths to anybody who can handle one. Hirogen hunters are moving through the forest targeting drones, but we're losing people every hour. This isn't your battle. You don't owe us anything. A gift from Korok. Takes some getting used to. I told you. We were friends. Now is not the best time. (Seven kisses him.) You'd forgotten. It wasn't my place. Six years. Only while we were regenerating. A very memorable six years. For me, anyway. Annika. We should each gather as much tactical data as we can. What kind of ship we're on, its armaments, location. Then we'll coordinate our efforts from here. If all goes well, we'll be working very closely together. Yes? Irrelevant? Well, now that I'll be able to retain my memory, I'll keep that in mind. [Bridge] Leave this one to me. Comfortable? Easier said than done. I think I designed this trap a little too well. What are you doing out here? That doesn't sound like Korok. As you can see, I've been busy setting traps. Seems to work. Hold on. (He cuts the net and she falls into his arms.) I'll go with you. In case you run into any more trouble. I'm sure Korok will be glad to see me. [Borg cube] (Janeway stands guard while Torres works on a panel.)QUEEN  The Collective has found a new way to attack us. Eleven ships have self-destructed in the last three hours. Our target should be the primary Unicomplex. If we can disrupt the Queen's control of the hive mind, it'll give us a chance to organise, build up a fighting force. She's right. They risked their lives for us. Now it's our turn. It's a matter of honour, Korok. I thought you of all people would understand that. It's the least we can do. It turns out I'm on a scout ship patrolling the border of fluidic space. On the other side of the galaxy. Me too. There are things I can do where I am. I'll try to contact species 8472, see if I can persuade them to join the fight. Gorge? We could add fluidic space to our list. We still have Unimatrix Zero. And now? (Seven takes his hand, and they kiss.) [Forest] ALIEN We have to end our regeneration cycles. We can't be here when it happens. I know we're being asked to make a sacrifice, but it's the only way. [Bridge] You must go. (Axum is left alone.) [Astrometrics lab]  You shouldn't be here. No, you didn't. It gave us a chance to fall in love again. No. I'll find you. I'll find you.(He disappears, then Seven wakes up. In the Cube, Torres knocks out a drone and works on the shield controls.) [Korok's Sphere]
