Who are you? I demand to know what is happening here. (Sulan holds a mirror in front of her.) You've surgically altered my face. I look like a Klingon. You can't possibly believe I'm going to cooperate with you. Durst. Paris. What have you done with them? If you want me to answer your question, you will have to answer one of mine first. What exactly have you done to me. That's not possible. Why? Why have you done this? And you think Klingons are immune to this phage? I will never help you. And how will you know that? It's nothing. It's going to take more than an infection to kill me. How delightful for you. I know I'm the first Klingon you've ever seen, so I'll tell you that Klingons find honour as warriors on the battlefield, not as guinea pigs in a laboratory. You'll get no gratitude from me. I feel strong. It's very frustrating to be restrained like this. I don't like being chained up like an animal. I've been thinking about what you said. It's because of you that I am Klingon and I do like this feeling. In a strange way I suppose I am grateful. Did you know that Klingon females are renowned in the Alpha Quadrant not only for their physical prowess but for their voracious sexual appetites as well? Why not let your creation out of her harness. Study her in action. For what? Durst. You've killed him. Make a sound and I'll break your neck, understand? I'm looking for my friend, Tom Paris, a human male. Have you seen him? Wake up, petaQ! Eat! Some rodent I killed. I'm sorry I can't replicate you a soufflé but you need nourishment. I can't carry you all the way out of here. We fight our way out. That's why you need food. Eat. So, you're what's left over when all the Klingon DNA is taken out. If I hadn't come along, were you just going to waste away in that prison camp until they killed you for your body parts? Were you too frightened to act? Looking! I'll show you the way to escape! This and this. (Her fist and the Vidiian weapon.) For which you should be eternally grateful. I'm not the one who's fighting, petaQ. If I remember correctly, I'm the one who rescued you from that prison and carried you here. Don't you think you could at least acknowledge that? Can't you even admit that you won't be able to get out of here without me? Maybe not. Maybe we'll die in the attempt. But that's better than sitting here like frightened tik'kah cats doing nothing. Fine. You stay here. I'm getting out. Then Voyager could get a lock on us, beam us back. Paris, too. So. You need me. We can't go to the prison barracks. There are too many guards there. In the lab where they were holding me, there was a security console. That's the last place they would expect us to be. [Barracks] There. Can you shut it down? What now? You're not frightened any more, are you? Keep working. (Sulan enters with a weapon.) You're not going to hurt me. You need me. That's what I want to know. Hurry! No! (B'Elanna throws herself in front of the beam.) Don't. No time. You showed true courage. It makes my death an honourable one. [Sickbay] (Torres is on a biobed. Chakotay is back to human again.)
