Bahrat, manager of this station. What can I do for you? (He doesn't look up from monitoring different screens.) Granted. But understand that any transaction you negotiate on this station is subject to my approval. I receive a twenty percent commission on all trade. Your whereabouts will be closely monitored. Communications with your ship may also be monitored, at my discretion. Do you agree to these conditions? Excellent. Meet me in my office in one hour and we'll discuss your needs. (Transmission ends.) What is it? Forgive me, but it's demanding work watching over this station. We get all kinds of troublemakers here. All right, let's see it. Hmm. Hmm mmm. Hmm! Pergium. That might be a little difficult. It's a rare commodity. Give me a few moments and I'll put together a list of potential suppliers. But I'll warn you, they won't strike easy bargains. Hmm. [Station promenade] (Paris and Chakotay are approached by a grey-faced alien with downturned mouth, wearing a robe with a hood.) During my investigation I discovered some energy readings I couldn't identify, so I ran a spectral analysis. The shooting took place in an abandoned section of the station. Security scanners were disabled. I'm reviewing other surveillance records, looking for anything that might help me apprehend whoever did this. You two! Stay where you are! I said, stay where you are! (Bahrat and his henchmen walk past Neelix and Wixiban, and go to Chakotay and Paris.) You two are under arrest. Conspiring with known drug traffickers. And murder. Let's go! [Bahrat's office] (Bahrat shows Janeway and Tuvok surveillance footage of Chakotay and Paris talking with Sutok.) This is the criminal who was killed, and these are the two men we arrested. I realise it's circumstantial, but it is compelling. It proves your two men had a conversation with a narcotics dealer only hours before he was killed. I'm holding them for questioning. They are prime suspects. I'll take that into consideration. But make no mistake about this. Someone will serve fifty years of cryostatic suspension for that murder. If I were to let this go unpunished, it would be anarchy on this station within days. Which of you fired the weapon? The punishment for trafficking in illicit substances is fifty years of cryostatic imprisonment. It certainly is. There's very little narcotics trafficking that goes on here. I know everything that happens on this station. I'll put a stop to that. How do you plan to do that? You won't be able to carry weapons, and if they thought my men and I were near, they'd be gone in a second. It's no risk to me. You'll undoubtedly perish in this ridiculous scheme. What I can give you won't be of the same quality. All right, we'll try it. But I don't hold any hopes that you will survive. [Space Station - Corridor 14L] It looks like someone's begun transmitting a false visual signal. My guess is they're about to come aboard. We'll give them five minutes, and then move in. [Space Station - Corridor 14L] (Three aliens approach.) Don't bother. Put down your weapons. You're under arrest for violating station code four two seven nine, subsection beta three two five. (One of Tosin's henchmen draws and fires his weapon at Bahrat.)
