Siote ven'suil. Bekta! (Two well places weapons shots disable her pursuer.)BALLARD: Tam'vitte. Me'iote sendaya Voyager. Federation Starship Voyager. If you can hear me, please respond. [Astrometrics lab] (A wall monitor says Incoming Message. Young Mezoti, the former Borg, presses a button.)BALLARD  Come on, Voyager. I know you're there. [Astrometrics lab]  Voyager? Are you receiving this transmission? [Astrometrics lab]  You sound a little young to be working the comm. [Astrometrics lab]  I see. Are there any grown-ups I could speak to?  That's a complicated question. [Astrometrics lab] I don't know how long I can keep this channel open. [Kobali Shuttle]  I need you to patch me through to Captain Janeway. [Astrometrics lab]  Hello? Voyager? [Astrometrics lab] Tuvok? It's you, isn't it? Sounds like someone got promoted. I want to hear all about it, but first I need to speak to Captain Janeway. [Bridge] BALLARD I'm Ensign Lyndsay Ballard. I was a member of your crew. Of course, I'm not surprised you don't recognise me. It was on Stardate 51563. I can't blame you for being sceptical, Captain, but if you let me come aboard, I can explain everything. I'm sure you'll want me behind a level ten force field. None taken. I'm just glad to be home. Harry and I headed back to the shuttle. We were ten feet away when I was hit with a neural disrupter. Harry said my injury wasn't that bad. He always was a terrible liar. I woke up on a ship, in a stasis chamber surrounded by aliens. They told me they'd used their technology to reanimate me. I didn't believe them when they said I'd died, but they showed me visual scans of my own corpse lying in the torpedo casing I'd been buried in. The Kobali said I'd been drifting for weeks. If you ever met them, you'd remember. They look just like this. After the reanimation process, they spent months altering my DNA. They were constantly scanning me, injecting me. That's how they procreate. They salvage the dead of other races. I was given a Kobali name and placed with a family to help me acclimate. At first. I wanted to contact you, to tell you I was safe, but the Kobali wouldn't let me. They said you were part of my kyn'steya, my, my past life, and that I needed to forget you. All of you. So I spent two years letting my new family think I'd accepted them. When I finally earned their trust, I stole a shuttle and started looking for Voyager. That was six months ago. They've been chasing me ever since. But your Starfleet training is telling you to consider all the possibilities. Maybe I'm some sort of hybrid clone, or telepath who accessed Ensign Ballard's memory somehow? Believe me, I was suspicious myself at first, but I am Lyndsay Ballard. In the flesh, so to speak.(Kim hugs her.)BALLARD: I've missed you, too. [Briefing room] Thanks, Lieutenant. Thank you for saying those nice things about me. To be honest, I never thought you noticed me.  So, you still playing the clarinet? Ambitious. I bet you're good at it. Please, no past tense. Really? It's been a perfectly normal day for me. [Turbolift] It just so happens that hearing you play music again is number twenty six on my list. Something I made up to pass the time while I was away. I tried to think of everything I would do if I got back to Voyager, including some things I wasn't able to accomplish the first time I was here. That's number twenty seven. [Mess hall] I can't believe you saved all this. My skates and I thank you from the bottom of our hearts. (Ballard unpacks by grabbing things and throwing them into corners and drawers.) Same old Harry. You're still sort of obsessive. Is that why you used to request baryon sweeps of your dorm room? Hey, show some respect for the dead. Did I say something wrong? Just because I've been gone for three years doesn't mean I can't still read you like a book. Oh? What'd you say? Come on, it's everyone's fantasy to hear their own eulogy. It's probably for the best. You always were a terrible public speaker. I just hope you didn't stutter too much. Own the day. Is that when everybody burst into tears? Pretty strong stuff. Not always. These last six months haven't been easy. There were plenty of times when I could have given up. You know why? You. I wanted to see you again. Hmm. Guess I won't be needing this anymore. (She holds up her hairbrush) I'm on my way. [Sickbay] Are you saying you could make me look like me again? But I'd look human? I've lived with this face for long enough. Let's do it. I'll hang onto Harry for support, if he doesn't mind. What? Something wrong? I have been looking forward to this for a very long time. There isn't much variety in the Kobali diet. I ate the same grey paste for three years. It doesn't taste the way I remember it. No offence, but it's got sort of a metallic flavour. I guess my taste buds are still Kobali. Thanks, but I need to take care of number sixteen. Dazzle Lieutenant Torres. [Engineering] There's a first time for everything. It's a vyk'tiote. Oh, a Kobali word to describe a certain kind of wave phenomenon. It's hard to translate. Literally, it means crumpled dance. All I need to do is vyq'tal the qen'dioqe matrices, stabilise the per'cheya. Tez'tel, se menna. Cham'bioque! What? I didn't realise. I'm sorry. Thanks. Doctor thought I should stick to my original colour, but this seemed more exciting. It's just too bad that beneath this beautiful red hair still lies the six-lobed brain of a Kobali. I'd love to, but I already have a date. The Captain. She's invited me to her quarters for dinner. Well, I'll give her your regards. [Janeway's quarters] Well, I just, I figured, dinner with the captain. It looks fine to me. Not at all. I lived on them at the Academy. Pretty good, I think. Lieutenant Torres called my work competent. Did he include your pot roast? I'm sorry. I didn't mean. I can't believe I just said that. Do you really mean that? Then there's something I've wanted to ask you for a long time. Why me? Why did you choose me for that away mission? No, I wasn't. Dilithium extraction was always Lieutenant Torres' specialty. And Tuvok had far more experience conducting away missions. But you didn't send either one of them. Was it because they were closer to you? No, no, that's not what I meant. No, it's not. No, you don't understand. Never harbour anger toward those who brought you death, for they gave you the chance to live again. In letting me die, Captain, you gave me life. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have come. [Mess hall - Ballard's dream] For what? Harry, what's going on? What? Harry, I'm not dead. Please, I don't want to go. Bad day, I guess. I solved a simple problem. Any Kobali can discern simple wave distortions. And even if B'Elanna was impressed, the others were staring at me. And then, to make matters worse, I started babbling in front of the Captain. You have always been far too nice to me. Why is that? Why didn't you ever tell me? Own the day. [Mess hall] (Clay sculpture class. The twins are making cubes, Icheb a more complicated polygon. He They're coming. [Bridge] I want to, Harry. It's time to stop running. [Briefing room] Given me my life back. My name is Lyndsay. I wanted to be with my people again. I told you to call me Tynsia. Tell her that her sister's dead. (Ballard leaves.) Kobali cuisine at its finest. Sorry. I can't stop thinking about Q'Ret. Who? I don't remember. I don't remember anything about him. Sure. (She collapses in pain) You said you could maintain my appearance. How am I supposed to do my job if I'm in here all the time. How am I supposed to do anything? Stoi'gia! Net'staika pen'daeli shevaob! I'm sorry. [Kobali shuttle] If you're here to lecture me about cleanliness. You know what happens if I do. I wouldn't fit in. That's different. They got to grow up in their own cultures. They know where they come from, who they are. Lyndsay was part of this crew. If I stop the treatments, I won't be Lyndsay anymore. Since the day I got back here, I haven't felt right. At first I thought it was Voyager. Things had changed so much, I thought if I just gave myself more time I'd get used to it. But it's me. I've changed. And the more I try to deny it, the more I feel like a ghost. I'm sorry, Harry, but I can't keep fighting anymore. The girl you were in love with died three years ago. (Whumph!) [Bridge] Hail them! Tell them you'll surrender me. It's not a gesture. I want to go. I don't belong here. I know exactly what I'm saying. That would destroy the ship. Even if you stop them, I can't stay on Voyager. You already did, but at least this time we've been given the chance to say goodbye. Captain's log, stardate 53679.4. The Doctor has stopped Ensign Ballard's treatments and her Kobali physiology is already beginning to reassert itself. All but one of us have said our goodbyes. [Transporter room] That's very sweet of you, but you just told me the comets are tiresome. I think I took care of what really mattered. (She kisses Kim and gets onto the transporter platform. He beams her away.) [Mess hall]
