May I have everyone's attention, please. Ten years ago tonight, this crew returned home from the longest away mission in Starfleet's history. Twenty three years together made you a family, one I'm proud to have been adopted by. Let's raise our glasses to the journey.  Ladies and gentlemen, meet the Borg. (A hologram of a drone appears.) Over the course of this term, you're going to become intimately familiar with the Collective. You'll learn about the assimilation process, the Borg hierarchy, and the psychology of the hive mind. And when it comes to your performance in this class, my expectations are going to be no different than the Borg Queen herself. Perfection. This semester, we are very fortunate to have a special guest lecturer. The woman who literally wrote the book on the Borg. Admiral Kathryn Janeway. Sounds like someone's been reading ahead. Okay, er, who can tell me a little about nanotechnology? [Admiral Janeway's office] MIRAL This should be everything you need. Waiting for you at the Oakland shipyard. I wish you'd let me come with you. Oh. I made you some fresh tea for the trip. Not that replicated stuff. Oh, don't remind me. [Hillside - Chakotay's grave] Doctor! What a pleasant surp. Oh, I've forgotten about our golf game again, haven't I? Oh, she's out of town. Er, I'm afraid it, it never came up. I mean, is something wrong? Well, you know better than anyone how confused Tuvok can get. Why? Then you shouldn't be telling me about it, should you? You know how sneaky these Intelligence people can be. Maybe he was just trying to throw you off. I, I'm sure that there is a perfectly reasonable explanation, Doctor. I'm sorry, I have some p-papers to grade. S-s-so? She is one of the most decorated officers in all of Starfleet history, and I'm, I'm sure she can take care of herself. You are putting words in my mouth. A transwarp aperture. It's less than a light year from Earth. We can't get a clear reading, but the graviton emissions are off the scale. Open, sir. Sir, there's a vessel coming through. (The Sphere arrives to a barrage of phaser fire.) [Bridge]
I'm so glad you could make it. It's wonderful to see you. Yeah, of course, of course. Come in, come in. Is there something I can get you? Some er, some coffee, tea? Oh wait a minute, don't, don't tell me. Chocolate ice cream. Why? You, you look lovely. Get? Get what? Right, right, the ice cream. No, no, no, no. Come in, come in. Sit down, make yourself comfortable. Thanks. One scoop of chocolate ice cream. No, no, I've been here, er, almost two years. I just haven't had a chance to unpack. Of course, Why, why wouldn't it be? Do I? Oh, it's just that I'm, I'm excited to see you. Yes, well, I, I was hoping to get, get together with him too, er, before the Enterprise leaves orbit, but I just wanted to spend time with you first. That's all right, isn't it? Well, I, I was. Er, I'm not anymore. Oh, ah, nothing, really. Just got to be a lot of, er, pressure. (A white cat enters and starts licking at the ice cream.) Neelix! He's not used to company. It's not polite to eat our guest's food. If you're hungry, just say so. Deanna, Neelix. I've lost myself, Deanna. In Voyager. I've become obsessed with Voyager. Here you are on shore leave and what do I do? I lure you into a counselling session. Thank you. Has it ever occurred to you that a tachyon beam directed at a class B itinerant pulsar could produce enough gravimetric energy to create an artificial singularity? It occurred to me. But my supervisors thought it was an abuse of MIDAS. The Mutara Interdimensional Deep Space Transponder Array. I'm sorry. The beginning. Right. Well, I suppose it all started in the holodeck. Doesn't it always? Well I, I was running a few simulations. [Starfleet Communications Research Center - Holodeck - Voyager Bridge]  Computer, boost the gain on Voyager's transceiver by twenty percent. Apply a narrowband filter to the signal processor. Good, good, good. Now lower the filter band by point three kilohertz. Oh, ah, er, Pete. I, I, I was just, er. Right. The diagnostics. Er, almost. Admiral Paris. Oh, no, of, of, of course not. I, I, I just got the days mixed up. Computer, end programme. Now that I think about it, it's a good thing that Admiral Paris is coming tomorrow. We can brief the Admiral on my theory. [Pathfinder lab] I've been going over the interstellar phenomena forecasts from Deep Space Nine. They are predicting er, a class B itinerant pulsar will pass within four billion kilometers of the MIDAS array in three days. No, no. The shields will hold. Actually I was thinking, we could use the pulsar to our own advantage. Suppose, suppose we instructed the array to direct a tachyon beam at the pulsar. Theoretically, we could produce a gravimetric surge powerful enough to create an artificial wormhole. We could establish two way communication with Voyager. No, no, I really think this could work. Based on my simulations that This, this is different. This Yes, sir. You do the talking. Understood. Pete was only trying to look out for me, but I was sure I, I finished, er, the diagnostics, sir. I just, er, have a few more things to take care of. Drop by? I, I don't, I don't think I can er. I'm spending the evening with, er, Neelix. Thanks. I'll try. But I couldn't leave. Not until I'd strengthened my case for accessing the MIDAS array. The meeting with Admiral Paris was only fourteen hours away and I hadn't come up with anything. Poring over the data wasn't helping. I decided what I needed was, er, a little inspiration. Computer. Activate hologrid mess hall scenario Barclay eleven gamma. [Holodeck - Voyager Mess hall] The usual. Oh thanks, Harry. You know what I always say. (Jimmy Cagney) If you can't stand the heat. If you insist, Commander, but I think it's only fair to warn you I have no intention of letting my winning streak come to an end. Now, where's er, Tuvok? Oh, that's too bad. I love to watch that Vulcan squirm Now, you all know the rules. Deuces, one eyed Jacks and suicide kings are wild. Five of a kind beats a straight flush every time. (Barclay deals the cards.) Now, come on, guys. You know it hurts me to see you lose. After all, you are my best friends. [Barclay's apartment] BARCLAY It's just that every time I close my eyes, my mind starts to race. Well, I worry about the project. Have I explored the problem from every angle, or is there something else I should be trying? Am I doing enough? Something tells me she's not going to be able to help. Thank you, Doctor. It's nice to be appreciated. [Holodeck - Voyager Corridor] Yes, sir. For some reason, I never slept in my apartment as comfortably as I did in my holographic quarters. I suppose I felt more at home on Voyager. [Holodeck - Voyager Mess hall]  Good morning, everyone. Slept like a baby. I'm sorry, guys, I have a very important briefing at oh nine hundred. Just have time for coffee. Remind me. Don't fight. Plenty of me to go around. It's no problem. I'll stop by Engineering later, talk you through. Let you in on a little secret. There's two of me. [Pathfinder lab] Excuse me, Admiral Paris. I'm sorry, Commander, it's just that there may be a way to establish, er, two-way communication with Voyager. Well, er, you see, there's a, er, class B itinerant, er, pulsar, er, and we well, as you probably know, sir, sir, neutrino emissions, ah. Oh, what I mean to say is that with the array, we could open an artificial er, s, a sing, singularity. Yes, yes, sir. We could use it as a conduit to to talk to Voyager. But you haven't even I know that I haven't explained myself very well, but with all due respect, sir, what do we have to lose by trying? I think we're forgetting that there are a hundred and fifty people stranded in the Delta Quadrant. I'm sorry, sir. I, I didn't, er I didn't mean to. But  What do you mean? Well, no. I wanted to, er, fine tune my plan, so, I er, just went right back to work. Well, I needed someone to, er bounce ideas off of. Someone to help focus my thoughts. Well, not exactly. They're the only people that I can talk to. I know, but they, they help me with my work. I can't concentrate if I'm not relaxed. Friends? It's not what you're thinking, Deanna. This isn't a relapse of my holo-addiction. Well, I talked to them about my ideas. I worked out technical problems. [Holodeck - Voyager Briefing room]  I need specifics here, people. (Janeway has the Bun of Steel on her head.) We've got our itinerant pulsar. We've got our Interdimensional transponder array. How do we get our wormhole? We know we can produce gravimetric energy, but, can we do it at levels high enough to create the singularity? Maybe that's the problem. Maybe we need to think smaller. And how much bandwidth do we really need? The average wormhole is huge, but if we compressed the datastream. A micro-wormhole. I'll still need, er, help with the details. Should be, but then we have to compensate for gravimetric interference. I was thinking, what if we applied a narrowband filter to the transponder signal? Commander. Computer, delete characters. (Torres and Chakotay vanish.) I was, er, working. Oh, it, it, it, it's not what you think. It's an interactive, er, diagnostic programme. I designed it to help me solve problems. Since the briefing. I, I know that I embarrassed you in front of the Admiral, and I'm, I'm sorry. I wanted to refine my idea so that I could present you with a specific plan. And I've done that, Pete. You were right about the wormhole idea being too expansive. So I've, I've scaled it back. Well, not, not all that time. Maybe, er, twenty or thirty hours a week. Not if it helps us contact Voyager. I know it it may look that way. What I need is for you to pay attention to my ideas. Is it really so wrong? Do you have any idea what it must be like for them to be stranded sixty thousand light years from home? Do you have any idea how lonely that must be? You, you can't do that. I won't leave. Not until you've heard what I have to say. Admiral, er, thank you, thank you for seeing me. Five minutes. Right. Er, first, first I, I want to apologise for speaking out of turn yesterday. It's, it's only because I, I, I care so much about Voyager. Well, I understand how, how you could see it that way but, er, that does not negate the fact that I have a plan for communicating with Voyager. I have refined the idea. I've simplified it. All I'm asking for is a chance to try. And if I'm right, it could mean a chance to talk to Tom. I, I've broken protocol and I should be punished, but the crew of the Voyager shouldn't be, and neither, neither should you. I just need access to the lab for one more day. After that, if I er, if I'm wrong, I'll resign my commission. But I'm the one who knows the No, no, no. It didn't, not at all. Don't you see? He was just trying to get rid of me, just like Harkins. Now you understand why I need your help. You, you have to call the Admiral in your official capacity as a Starfleet Counsellor and tell him that I am psychologically fit to return to work. Why not? There is nothing wrong with me! What if I have? If an obsession helps me to do my job better, it's a sacrifice I am willing to make. A little instability in exchange for contact with a stranded starship. Isn't Voyager more important than my psychological condition? That ship, that crew, they're all I have. Ever, ever since I, I left the Enterprise, things haven't, haven't been the same. It's as if I lost my family. I didn't know how else, how else to cope. Oh, I, I don't know how. You're scheduled to depart tomorrow. Oh, Deanna, you, you, you don't, you don't have to do that. Barclay alpha one seven gamma. Computer, re-enter authorisation code Barclay alpha one seven gamma.  Computer, interface with the MIDAS array. Activate the control matrix. (In deep space, the three panels of the array send a beam to the central point.) Full power to the graviton emitters. Scan the area surrounding the array for a class B itinerant pulsar. Good, good! Direct a sixty terawatt tachyon beam toward the pulsar. How long until levels are sufficient to produce a gravimetric surge of five million teradynes? I knew it. Adjust the phase alignment to direct the wormhole's trajectory to Delta Quadrant, grid nine, sector 41751. Open Starfleet Emergency Channel and transmit toward the singularity. Starfleet Command to USS Voyager. Come in, Voyager. Voyager, do you hear me? This is Lieutenant Reginald Barclay. Pete. I, I've sent a message. All right, you win. Computer, transfer controls to hologrid programme Barclay pi three and restrict access. Well they look like Starfleet security, but they're not. They're after me. I need your help.  Computer, redirect the wormhole's trajectory to Delta Quadrant, grid 11, sector 64238 and retransmit the message. I'm just trying to help some friends. Is there a response? Computer, redirect the wormhole's trajectory.  Computer, seal Jefferies tube door J53. [Pathfinder lab] I'm looking after Voyager's best interests, Captain. You're just going to have to trust me on that. Computer, redirect the wormhole's trajectory to Delta Quadrant, grid ten, sector 3658, and retransmit the message. Computer, establish a forcefield around the science station. But this is my last chance. Good-bye, Captain. Computer end programme. (indistinct) Starfleet Command to USS Voyager. Come in, Voyager. Do you hear me? This is Lieutenant Reginald Barclay.  It should have worked. I don't understand why it didn't. So am I, sir. I appreciate your confidence in me, but I, I don't deserve it. The wormhole. Lower the filter band by point three kilohertz. Captain. [Bridge] BARCLAY The feeling is mutual. Unfortunately, the micro-wormhole is collapsing. We have only a few moments. [Bridge] Acknowledged. And we're sending you data on some new hyper-subspace technology. [Pathfinder lab]  We're hoping eventually to use it to keep in regular contact, and we're including some [Bridge] BARCLAY  There's someone else here who would also like to say something.  The wormhole is collapsing. That's it. They're gone. Because, because it's over, sir. Well, I'm not not sure I deserve congratulations. I, I couldn't have done it without your help. Well, I think, I think he was pleased. Well, not everyone would want a sister-in-law to date someone with my history. Well, her name is Hope. No And, and, and she loves cats. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 Shuttlecraft Dawkins to Jupiter Station. This is Lieutenant Reginald Barclay requesting permission to dock. It's me, sir, Reg Barclay. Doctor Z? How are you? (We are shown a grey haired version of our EMH.) I've been extremely busy. The, er, Pathfinder project. Er, Voyager. Actually, we're on the verge of a breakthrough. A communications link. Is there any word from Starfleet Medical? I'm sure it's only a matter of time. Haley. No, no, just the opposite. Is he in? Tell him this is important. I've brought something with me that might cheer him up. Computer, is the download complete? I found a friend waiting for me at home. Well, I guess, er, you could say he's a friend of yours. (Barclay activates the hologram.) But this is the Mark One from Voyager. Well, I, er He has been running almost continuously for six years. He has seen more things than most doctors can even imagine. I'll be outside.(Barclay leaves.)  What, what happened this time? A little. Well, not really. I take it that you, er, still haven't been able to diagnose him. Oh, that's Roy. It was commissioned by Starfleet Intelligence. An experiment in micro-surveillance. Doctor Z keeps it around as a sort of a pet. Look. Look, you know that we can't send you back for another two weeks so please, just, just keep trying.  I thought you might be able to provide some, er, insight. Then maybe I could get him to agree to a counselling session. An important mission? I need the best, Deanna. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. I'll see you then. [Ready room] You'll figure something out. You always do. He's feeling homesick. I let him use my Voyager simulation and it seems to be cheering him up. He, he locked himself away in this lab for two years trying to repair the defects. Finally, he just gave up. Started from scratch. A whole new matrix. Followed by the Mark Three, and then the Mark Four. He, he was obsessed with perfecting it. Go ahead. Can you be more specific? Stand by. [Zimmerman's living quarters] Your programme is destabilising. They sent you thirty thousand light years. I should have expected some problems. You don't understand. Your primary matrix is degrading and there is nothing I can do. [Zimmerman's lab] He's dying, Lewis. They don't want a Mark Four. They want their friend. They have been in there for thirty two hours. Well, you, you're not fritzing anymore. Well, what, what do you mean? Ready? Not at all. Smile!
Well, the computer is still inputting data. That should do it. Right. Computer, display the intended trajectory of the datastream transmitted at oh six hundred this morning. Now, display the actual trajectory, and identify the termination point. Four two, grid eight. Does that sound familiar? That's exactly where the datastream dissipated last month. There is something there. There is something preventing the datastream from reaching Voyager. Er, a micro-wormhole, a radiogenic field. Still, we could send a ship to investigate. We could confirm my theory. Well, to be honest I, I don't agree. The truth is, we don't know what happened to my hologram. And I want to know why, so it doesn't happen a third time. But a holographic matrix carries twice the information, interact with the crew. But, Pete. The Borg! The Borg! They assimilated my hologram. That's how it disappeared. Look at this. Last month, a spacecraft passed within twenty metres of the MIDAS array just hours before we sent the first hologram. Twenty metres. It's awfully close, don't you think? The Borg must have sent a transwarp probe to steal my hologram. Maybe because they, they thought that it was carrying anti-Borg technology to Voyager. Then it was the Romulans using a cloaked ship. They've been curious about Voyager for years. But, you Not that much. Fifty, maybe sixty days. But, Pete! Maybe I'll go somewhere. Take a vacation. Thanks, er, but I have someplace else in mind. [Sickbay] Thank you. (He takes them to a half-Betazoid lying on a lounger.)BARCLAY: Something to drink, ma'am? Are you sure? I've got a chocolate passion punch with your name on it. (Troi opens her eyes.) Surprise! Where's Commander Riker? Oh. I just had some time off. Your letter made this place sound fun. I just thought I'd join you. Please, they might be watching. The Borg, the Romulans. I'm not sure yet. Please, Deanna, I You don't believe me, either. You think I'm imagining this, just like Pete. It was Commander LaForge's birthday party. Well, things were better then. Well, for one thing I'd just finished the matrix for my hologram and I showed Geordi some of the specs that night. He said he was proud of me. Oh, the Dragons had just won the pennant, and I was still seeing Leosa. Everything was going so well. My job, my personal life. I started to think maybe my luck was changing. Admiral Paris was furious. He said we'd wasted a transmission to Voyager. Pete talked him into giving us another chance, but there was so much pressure after that. She left me. I went to her apartment. She was gone. No furniture, no forwarding address. Bot even a Dear Reg letter. It was just my luck, right? Lose the hologram and the girl. Oh, you would have liked her. She was sweet, she was thoughtful, and such a wonderful listener. She would let me, let me go on for hours. Oh, she was fascinated by my work at Pathfinder. And, er, she didn't, er, she didn't find any of it boring. She made me feel interesting. Oh, sadness, I suppose. A little confusion. What? What? I suspect that she's happier without me if that's what you mean. I'd be humiliated again. What about your vacation? Do you really think it's possible that Leosa stole my hologram? Maybe, maybe she wanted something to remember me by. Captain's log, supplemental. With the help of the Barclay hologram, we've nearly completed the modifications to Voyager. As for Reg, he's becoming extremely popular with the crew. [Mess hall] You, you told me you were a teacher. Was everything that happened between us a lie? Oh. What exactly is a broken heart worth these days, hmm? Of what? Nanoprobes? Borg nanoprobes? I'm not hiding. I'm working on a way to foil the Ferengi's' plans. Leosa said the Ferengi were going to be selling Borg nanoprobes. They have a Borg crewman. Think about it. The Ferengi stole the original Barclay hologram a month ago. That gave them time to reprogramme it and then smuggle it to Voyager in the next transmission. Steal Seven of Nine's nanoprobes. For all we know he could be dissecting her right now. Oh, nanoprobes aren't just for assimilating. They can reanimate necrotic tissue, slow down the aging process. They'd be priceless for the Ferengi. I haven't figured that part out yet. Maybe they discovered a wormhole, or a subspace corridor. Not yet. I can't. If I don't bring him hard evidence, he'll just think that I'm fantasising. For the time being, we need to keep this between us. [Holodeck] It's a geodesic fold, Admiral. That's how they're going to get the nanoprobes. [Bridge]  I'm using the MIDAS array to tap into the Ferengi ship's sensors. They're receiving telemetry through the fold. If the Ferengi did alter my hologram, then it might, might be possible for him to have taken over the ship. He may have found a way to incapacitate the crew, or to commandeer the ship's systems, but either way we've got to get the Carolina to close the fold. Then they'll have to commandeer the Ferengi ship and do it from there. Not through a geodesic fold. [Ferengi ship] We must close the geodesic fold immediately. Captain Janeway has found out about our plan. Because she [Pathfinder holodeck - Voyager engineering] Found a way to protect her ship. [Ferengi ship] You don't know Janeway. She's uncanny when it comes to shields. [Pathfinder holodeck - Voyager engineering]  She's furious. She said she was going to kill [Ferengi ship] BARCLAY No, you mustn't. Voyager has Borg interquadrental [Pathfinder holodeck - Voyager engineering] Warp drives and Hirogen hunting sensors [Ferengi ship] BARCLAY Go ahead, Pete. Computer, end programme. [Bridge] Computer, deactivate Barclay programme. I'm sorry. I've been programming him with new security precautions so he can't be stolen again. I thought you'd be back at the beach. I, er, I wouldn't want to be a third nacelle. I'd like to, but I, I still have, er, dozens of protocols to install. Maybe next time. This Maril wouldn't happen to be a Dabo girl, by any chance? Are you sure?
Voyager, this Lieutenant Barclay at Starfleet Command. Are you receiving this? I can't take all of the credit, Captain. It was Harry and Seven who suggested bouncing a tachyon beam off of the quantum singularity. Admiral, er, there was something else. This is a live image from McKinley Station. Not too much cloud cover over North America today.  I'm sorry to disturb you, Admiral. I thought you'd want to see this, sir. It's a holonovel that's becoming quite popular. You don't understand, sir. This programme, it's about Voyager. And it doesn't portray the crew in a very flattering light. Sir, we're losing the link. He travelled halfway across the galaxy to care for Lewis Zimmerman, the man who created his programme. It was like a son who wanted to show his father what he'd become, so the old man would be proud of him. And if you ask me, he was. Congratulations, Doctor. [Astrometrics lab]
Doctor, am I glad to see you. Can you see me? Sir, it's me. It's Lieutenant Barclay. Reg. Your assistant. Uh-oh. Oh, no, this is bad. This is very bad. Don't panic. Let's just try to think our way through this. Oh, boy. The Voyager. Oh, boy. This is going to sound a little crazy from your perspective, but you've got to trust me. None of this is happening. This is all a holographic simulation that you've been running. You're in the holodeck at the Jupiter Station. Your name is Doctor Lewis Zimmerman, you're a holo-engineer and you've been running a programme that's malfunctioning and we've been trying to reach you. Well, I always used to think of you that way and I know your wife tends to think We'd, er, we'd better take this one step at a time. Well, you see, this starship, it's not really a starship. [Doctor's office] It was a programme that you wrote to study the psychological impact of long term isolation on a crew made up of Starfleet and Maquis crewmembers. I'm afraid not. This must have something to do with the radiation surge. We've been having problems shutting the programme down because of a kinoplasmic radiation surge on the station. It's affected all of the computer systems, including the holodecks. The radiation must be affecting the memory centres of your brain. I'm not really here. Clearly, I'm here because we're talking. You see, what I mean is, I'm in a control booth outside of the holodeck. What you see is a projection of my body so that we can communicate. We've been trying to get in here, or send a comm. signal in for nearly six hours. You haven't been here six months. You've only been here six hours. That's all part of the simulation. Look, Doctor, it's very important that you believe me. You're losing your sense of identity. You're starting to think that you're part of the programme and that's, that's not good. It's called HTDS. Holo Transference Dementia Syndrome. No. Yes. I mean, maybe the radiation. Doctor, I'm sorry I have to do this. (Barclay slaps the EMH's face.) It hurt, right? If you were a programme it wouldn't hurt. Doctor. (The EMH slaps Barclay.) I'll be back. I've got to discuss this with the others. Don't, don't go anywhere. (Barclay vanishes.) The problem is worse than we thought. The radiation is disrupting the command protocols. We can't shut the programme down, and while the programme is running we can't access the holodeck grid. We tried, but the radiation is interfering with the transporters and we can't get a lock on you. I've consulted with our neurologist, Doctor Kaplin, and he said if we can't get you out of here within the next hour, that the radiation would completely oxidise your neurocellular structures. There's only one way left to terminate the programme, and that's to play it out. Bring it to it's conclusion and once the simulation ends, it'll release the access locks on the holodeck arch and we can get you out of here. You programmed two possible outcomes. Either Voyager finds its way back to Federation space, or it's destroyed in the process. But the simulation was designed to run for weeks before either happens. But I know of a way that you can bring it to an end right now. Destroy the ship. This is just a simulation, Lewis. None of this is real. And unless you destroy this ship that you think you're on, you're going to die. Doctor, it's the only way. Well, those are good questions. First, I can tell you how to destroy the Voyager. Second, if you don't do it, you're going to die. And third. Well, I'm just not an alien and I don't know how else to convince you of that. You are the one running the simulation. It's coded to respond to your input, not mine. Here, use this tricorder. Scan the room outwards to a distance of fifteen metres. You see? Scan me. You'll see I'm a holographic projection originating from beyond that wall. There has to be some way to convince you. Oh, I know. I'll be right back. (Barclay vanishes. The Sickbay changes from empty to full, with flickering lights.) Now do you believe me? This is the beginning of the simulation. We can't shut down the programme but we can restart it. Actually, I programmed him. I modelled him after my cousin Frank. Are you convinced yet? So what are you going to do now? Yes. But if you destroy it and you're still here And you'll know that I'm telling you the truth. What's wrong? That's because you're a Oh, don't mind me, I'm just assisting the Doctor. The computer's not responding to vocal commands. The protocols are starting to freeze up. We don't have much time. Don't worry, those phasers aren't real, they're just holograms. That means the holodeck safeties are off. Time is running out, Doctor. The oxidation levels in your neural tissues are rising. You've got to destroy this ship and bring this programme to an end. Well, except for me. I'm being projected from outside the simulation. Go ahead, give it a try. (Barclay hands the EMH a phaser. They move back to the warp core and the EMH shoots out the circuits.) Convinced? Doctor, I know this is a little confusing, but try to remember you just destroyed the holographic imaging system on a holographic ship. A hologram in a hologram. If you want to bring this to an end you've got to destroy the entire simulation. The ship itself. And you're a person in great danger. Destroy the ship. Now, before it's too late. Doctor, you've got to believe me. What else can I do to prove it to you? There. Do you see what's happening? Holograms don't feel pain. Your brain is being flooded with kinoplasmic radiation. You're dying. The warp core. Even set on full power it's going to take a sustained phaser burst to punch through the outer duranium shielding. Set your phaser to maximum. Aim for the magnetic constrictors. Ready? Don't be distracted by these holographic characters. Stay focused on what you need to do. Destroy the warp core. The programme is malfunctioning. Doctor, do you remember coming into the holodeck and running a holonovel within the last six hours? You don't have memory circuits, you have a mind, and it's being damaged. Destroy the Voyager, the programme will end, and we can get you off the holodeck. Only real people experience pain. You've got to believe me. Do nothing and you'll die. (The EMH collapses.) I told you, his brain is being damaged. He's losing his memory. This is Kes Zimmerman, your wife. Lewis, how would you rather think of yourself? As a real person with a real life, with a family that loves you? Or as some hologram that exists in a Sickbay on a starship lost in deep space. It's not too late, Lewis. You can still save yourself by destroying the warp core. (The headaches return.) I am helping you.
