I can save you some time there, son. They're bamboo. Why don't you pay a visit to Logistical Support? Maybe they'll issue you a new one. I'm going that way myself. Mind some company? So, what's your assignment here? From where? Is that a fact? I thought the Intrepid was patrolling the Neutral Zone. Ah. Got tired of wrestling with the Romulans. Boothby. Boothby's the name. I should hope so. I've been tending these grounds for fifty four years, give or take a few months. Mmm hmm. Logistical Support. Straight through the main complex, second door on your right. Commander, Logistics is a secure area. They won't let you in with that holo-imaging device. Fresh from the Neutral Zone? You're not a Romulan double agent, are you, son? Me? You want a picture of me? Well, when you put it that way. Cadet, take our picture, will you? (Chakotay hands the camera over to a  young red-headed woman.) Don't cut off our heads. I expect a copy of that, young man. [Quantum Cafe] (Chakotay sits on a bar stool and opens a book left on the counter. A woman walks up.) She didn't think you were going to show up. I've known Archer since she was a first year cadet. She's not easily impressed. I didn't think you were her type. Oh, er, if you'll excuse me, I've got some midnight orchids that need my attention. Think about what I said, young lady. You'll be fine. Report. How much does he know? Where is he? What'll you have, son? I'm a single malt man, myself. Aged two hundred years. Been saving it for a special occasion, and I'd say this is special enough. A toast. To Earth. Chakotay. Rank, Commander. Starfleet service number forty seven alpha six one two. First officer, USS Voyager. Well, now that we've been formally introduced, how many ships? Cat got your tongue? I asked you a question. How many vessels do you have in the Delta Quadrant? We wanted this simulation to be accurate to the last detail. We obviously went a little too far. Now that you know about our re-creation, you've no doubt alerted the Federation. Your fleet will be on its way. Raise our shields. Stand by, all weapons. We've got the real McCoy here. We might as well take advantage of it. Perform a genetic extraction. It may help us find a better way to maintain these human forms. Captain Janeway. Don't get sassy with me, young lady. This re-creation may be Starfleet but our weapons are far more sophisticated. I can destroy your vessel with a single command. Run along now. Don't try to rattle my cage. I'll disable your tactical systems before you can What do you have in mind? Targ manure! United Federation of Planets, tolerance for all species, the Prime Directive. Targ manure, every word of it. Vulcan logic. Add that to the list. There's a drone sitting at this very table. Look at her, all gussied up to look like a human being. Once a Borg, always a Borg. Maybe I am. Go ahead, fire your damn nanoprobes. Blow our re-creation to high heavens. There are a dozen more scattered throughout the quadrant. You'll never find them all. I'd say you're lying. Hear, hear. I knew this reunion would be a fiasco. Admiral. What are you trying to prove, young lady? Humans. You've got a flair for the dramatic, I'll give you that. You want to keep talking? Fine by me, but no more beating around the bush. Now, what do you want from us? The truth, Captain. Explain why you attacked our realm, hand in hand with the Borg. Sit down, Admiral. I said sit down, or I'll knock you right on your human butt. Keep talking, son. You believe in this fellow? There would have to be a few ground rules. First off, I want to take a look at that nanoprobe technology. It scares the hell out of me. I'm sure something can be arranged. You on board, Admiral? Good enough for me. Captain's log, stardate 52136.4. We've managed to avoid a military conflict with Species 8472, at least for now. In an effort to strengthen the truce, we're exchanging technology. [Corridor] Afraid not. You're welcome to stay. put your feet up. We won't be returning to fluidic space for another day or two. I can't promise you the moon, Captain. My superiors aren't as forward thinking. Peace with humans? Wow. They're going to hit the roof. But I'll tell them what happened here today, and with a pinch of luck a few of them might see the light. Don't call us, we'll call you. Oh, I almost forgot. Ahh. (He takes a rose from his bag.) Genetically synthesised, but they smell just as lovely.
It was terrible. Give him time. You're not reading him. You think he's slow and stupid. I know better. In fact, I know his kind in my bones. Literally. I can count the fractures, if you'd like. That's the problem. You're not letting him. Boxing is more about taking the shots than dishing them out. You shouldn't be dancing away from this fellow. Let him punch himself out a little. It all comes down to the heart. Do you have the heart for this? That's the contest. It's not against him. It's against your own natural human desire not to get hurt. That's the real fight. Go. Go, go, go. (Chakotay and the Terrellian trade punches properly.)BOOTHBY: Stay with him. Too close. Come on, come on, Pick them up, son. It's the fight you've been waiting for. Put on the gloves, son. Not exactly the Marquis of Queensberry rules, now, is it? Set to kill? That's not even Starfleet! Put down the weapons, son. Give that order and you'll be out for the count, the whole lot of you. He's trying to hornswoggle us. Double check those calculations.  Better late than never. They almost scrubbed the bout. I know you are. You'd be a liar if you said anything else. I know that too.  Good idea. Keep him waiting. Let him sweat it out. Everybody loves an underdog. Just keep your elbow low when you throw the right, and don't come in too straight. You'll be okay. You're up against yourself, that's all you've got to remember. And don't raise the elbow. Still here, son. I'm not going anywhere. (Kid Chaos turns around. His face is a field of stars. Chakotay is spoken to by other crew saying the appropriate words in short clips from the episode.) Hang in there, son. Protect your head. Stay Twenty more seconds. Don't go down.  Ah, come for a little more punishment? After that last bout? Did you talk to the Doc? That's good enough for me. Okay. I've been watching him fight. He falls in too much when he clinches, and he moves more to his right than he does to his left. You sure you're ready for this? Okay.
