Seven of Nine. Resistance is futile.
Corridor. Nine. Voyager. USS. S zero zero nine transwarp transwarp intercept. (Things go bang around her. She grabs a stanchion to stay upright.)
We are the Borg. Existence as you know it is over. We will add your biological and technological distinctiveness to our own. Resistance is (Energy streaks towards the two Borg cubes. They go KaBOOM!) [Da Vinci's Workshop] (Captain Janeway has abandoned her Victorian gothic holonovel for something more Renaissance.) We are the Borg. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile. Negotiation is irrelevant. You will be assimilated. Unacceptable. Our space is vast. Your passage would require too much time. We need the technology now. Species 8472 must be stopped. Our survival is your survival. Give us the technology. State your proposal. You have entered grid nine two of subjunction twelve. Proceed. We will begin. (A Borg grabs Janeway and pushes her to her knees. Another grabs Tuvok.) A neural transceiver is required for maximum communication. We will work as one mind. The neural link is temporary. You will not be damaged. Your primitive communication is inefficient. Irrelevant. You must comply. Elaborate. Species 8472 has penetrated Matrix zero one zero, grid nineteen. Eight planets destroyed. Three hundred twelve vessels disabled. Four million, six hundred twenty one Borg eliminated. We must seize control of the Alpha Quadrant vessel, and take it into the alien realm.
We are the Borg. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile.
We are the Borg. Your biological and technological distinctiveness will be added to our own. Resistance is futile.(The Flyer is dragged inside the Cube.) [Neelix's nightmare] We are the Borg. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile. Negotiation is irrelevant. You will be assimilated. We will return your crew members in exchange for specific technology. Your navigational deflector. Disengage it from your secondary hull. You have scanned our vessel. You may transport one individual. There are no others. The drones aboard this vessel were (The eldest boy steps forward.)
You will be assimilated. You will be assimilated.(She is being pursued by a raven.) [Holodeck - Da Vinci Workshop] Seven of Nine, grid nine two of subjunction twelve.
We are the Borg. State your designation. Designation unknown. You will be assimilated.
Irrelevant. You will be assimilated. (They fire at Voyager, with no effect. Voyager returns fire, and makes things go Bang!)BORG [OC]: Regenerate primary shield matrix. We are the Borg. You will be assimilated. [Borg Queen's chamber] 
A Borg proximity signal has been detected. Origin, Unimatrix three two five, grid zero zero six. Alter course to intercept. [Cargo Bay two] (Seven opens her eyes to see Janeway, Tuvok and a security detail.) We are the Borg. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile.  We are the Borg. You will be assimilated. Your technological distinctiveness will be added to our own. Resistance is futile. [Bridge]  Terminate your interface. (The Sphere buckles then goes KaBOOM! Voyager is hit by the shockwave.) [Bridge]
