Starship Voyager, I'm Captain Braxton of the Federation Timeship Aeon. I've come from twenty-ninth century Earth, five hundred years into your future. Please disengage your deflector pulse. Your vessel is responsible for a disaster in my century. A temporal explosion that will destroy all Earth's solar system. I've come back in time to prevent that occurrence. My mission is your destruction. You must not resist. Debris from your secondary hull was found in the explosion. No time! (Whumph!) Who the hell are you! This is my stuff! No, no, no, no, no more questions, no. No more surveys. Damn social workers coming around all the time. No, I don't need your advice, I don't need your. Voyager. I knew you'd show up. This is all your fault, this is all your doing! (Janeway finds his comm. badge in his coat.) I told you to turn off your deflector pulse, but you wouldn't listen to me. Voyager. Fools! I was a younger man, confident in my mission. But you wouldn't listen to me. Bo, you were too concerned with yourselves! I was trying to save billions of lives. To stop a chain reaction that started with Voyager! It's too late now. All things are set in motion. The terrible explosion will occur. The end is coming! The future's end. Too long. Thirty years too long. Pure chance. When you knocked my navigational system off course there's no telling where we may have ended up. Who's been here? Who took my pencils? Oh, always something missing. Oh, always trying to steal things. Oh, greedy people. Post-industrial barbarians! Yes. No. Yes. That's the paradox, my dear. A leads to B leads to C leads to A. Juvenile minds. Oh, how can I make you understand, huh? A. There's an explosion in the twenty ninth century. Debris from Voyager's hull is found in evidence. I go back in time to destroy you. B. You try to stop me, disabling my weapon which causes me to crash-land back here in the twentieth century. C. Someone in this century steals my timeship and launches it. They go into the future and once there they make one critical mistake which causes a terrible explosion that takes us all the way back to A. There's an explosion in the twenty ninth century. The cycle of causality is complete. Ah, I've spent thirty years answering that very question. Ah, yes, when the explosion first happened, my sensors recorded a whole variety of chronometric data. The pulses were highly chaotic. At first I thought it was a warp core implosion, but then I found debris from Voyager and my theory seemed to be confirmed. It was you. But then someone here stole my timeship and it started to dawn on me. If someone were to fly my timeship into the future without recalibrating the temporal matrix then that could cause the kind of explosion that I witnessed in the twenty ninth century. No. No, no, I reconstructed all the chronometric data as best I could remember it and it proved I was right. My ship causes the catastrophe. Starling. Henry Starling, CEO Chronowerx Industries. Philanthropist, entrepreneur, outstanding citizen. Pa! Before I crashed in 1967 I made an emergency beam out, but he found my ship before I did in some remote mountain range. I've been following this corrupt little man ever since, tracking his movements. He's become too powerful. I can't get close to him. Of course, you can't accomplish anything in this wretched century. Nobody here listens. Do you know that once they put me in a mental institution and filled me with primitive pharmaceuticals. Oh, I wouldn't do that if I were you. Haven't you been listening? A leads to B Because somehow you're involved in the disaster. That's why I found debris from Voyager's hull at the explosion. You will be destroyed as well. No. No, no, no. Not me. I would never do that. Stay right where you are, quasi-Cardassian totalitarian. Captain, tell them I'm not crazy. Tell them I'm from the future. They came from the future too, you know. They came in on a starship. Traitors! (Braxton runs off and the police chase him.) Do you know me? I never experienced that timeline. In my century we can scan time, much as you use sensors to scan space. The Temporal Integrity Commission detected your vessel over twentieth century Earth. I was sent to correct that anomaly. Prepare to follow me back into the rift. I'm returning you to your own time, to your previous coordinates in the Delta Quadrant. I'm sorry. Temporal Prime Directive. I'm afraid you're on your own. Braxton out.
There's too much interference from the weapon. Recalibrate your temporal transport beacon.  It's time. Pull her out. If we don't, Captain Janeway's going to find her and it'll contaminate the timeline. Now. We'll have to recruit her again. Unless we repair the timeline, she's going to die. We're giving her another chance to save her crew and herself. We'll go back and retrieve Seven of Nine a microsecond before the explosion. That way no one will notice she's gone. Tempus fugit, Lieutenant.  Welcome back. For some reason, I always think you'll remember. I'm Captain Braxton. This is Lieutenant Ducane. You're aboard the Federation Timeship Relativity. No. For you, it's almost five hundred years later. We've brought you here to help us solve a mystery. Someone, we don't know who, has planted a weapon aboard Voyager. It's designed to fracture space-time within a radius of one hundred and fifty metres. You're more familiar with Voyager and her crew, less likely to arouse suspicion. So far, you've been quite useful. We've recruited you twice before for this mission. Take a look. A force three temporal disrupter. Your previous attempts to disable it have been unsuccessful. If necessary. This'll be the third time you're going to be removed from your time frame. If we do it a fourth, there could be certain side effects. But in your case we're hoping third time's a charm, eh? Bring her up to date on our protocols. When you're finished here, meet me in holomatrix one. I've You've already tried, unsuccessfully. The weapon's out of phase. You'll have to find the saboteur before he plants it. This will detect any chronoton flux other than your own, and I'm authorising you to use whatever force may be necessary. One more thing. Watch out for the Janeway Factor. Your Captain has a knack for sticking her nose where it doesn't belong, especially when it comes to time travel. Helpful? That woman has been responsible for three major temporal incursions. And who do you think had to repair the damage? Me. She's reckless. She has no regard for the integrity of the timeline. I asked for her help once. She refused and I ended up stranded in the late twentieth century. Have you ever been to that time frame? Well, I don't recommend it. After three decades with those post-industrial barbarians I had to go through extensive rehabilitation before I could return to duty. Avoid contact with Janeway. That's an order. We have a saying in our line of work. There's no time like the past.  Any uninvited guests? [2372 Jefferies tube]  What's wrong? Compensate. Seven of Nine, report.  Janeway.  Don't say anything  Good.  No. Get her out of there.  Stay where you are. We're pulling you out. Proceed. [2372 Corridor] It's armed. I'll activate it. Lower your weapons. (Janeway nods, and they do.)BRAXTON: Janeway. Too many times, but you wouldn't remember. They haven't occurred yet. Seven of Nine, report. Who is it? Me? [2372 Jefferies tube]  More accurately, a future you. [Relativity] Our mission? I don't know what you're talking about.  very carefully. The circumstances of your life are going to change in the next few years. You'll be sent into rehabilitation again, forced to retire, and it's all because of Voyager. Well of course I am, you pedantic drone. The only way for me, for us, to recover is to obliterate Voyager from the timeline. That way, none of the events that caused this illness will have occurred. Thirty years of exile on twentieth century Earth. The temporal inversion in the Takara sector. Three violations that I had to repair. [Relativity]  Can you get a lock on him? Don't be absurd. I have no wish to sabotage Voyager. Remodulate the transporters. Find a way to cut through the interference. I gave you an order, Lieutenant. I haven't done anything. No. (Braxton beams himself away with the device.) Not anymore. I've lost my rank thanks to you. Deck four, section thirty eight. I'll stumble over a wounded crewmember. That will be your chance to capture me. Oh! (Janeway grabs him, phaser to his throat.)
