You should thank Jora Mirell. She composed it. I'd be glad to help you if you like. I did understand you correctly, that you wanted to share my knowledge of music? I am terribly sorry, Captain. I assumed since you knew about our telepathic abilities, I. I never would have dreamed of making a connection without your consent. Not precisely. We're able to share our experiences through a telepathic link. Yes, but it just isn't done. I know that we had a misunderstanding before, Captain, but I assure you we have strict ethics. Well, I have heard of instances where members of some alien races have been affected by the slight telepathic field we generate, but nothing as intense as what your Lieutenant has described. That's possible. She may be picking up stray thoughts and memories from every Enaran on the ship. Must be terribly confusing. Perhaps that's why her mind has organised it into a kind of narrative. No, no, no. Some elements may very well have come from our actual experiences. I confess I may have crawled into a bedroom window or two in my youth. You mentioned a citizenship award. There are several past recipients in our group. We may be each contributing some small details to your story. It's highly unlikely. I wish there was something more that I could do. I truly regret any ill effects that our presence here has caused you. I'm very glad to hear that. (Jor Brel leaves.) I'd like to indulge in a new custom I've learnt. It's called making a toast. Captain Janeway and her gracious crew. We are very grateful to you for bringing us home. You will always have friends here. (Torres enters.) This is most uncomfortable, Captain. Perhaps a more private discussion would be These accusations are completely untrue. Korenna Mirell is dead? Nobody thinks you're lying, Lieutenant. The poor woman has been ill for a long time. Her memories may be distorted or perhaps your perception of them was coloured by elements from your culture. I think it best that we now prepare for our departure, Captain. If you don't mind, I'd like to go to your sickbay to attend Jora Mirell. (Jor Brel leaves. Janeway speaks to Torres.)
