Arms? These colours? He's no Krady beast, is he? Hmm. His glimpse is too tame to be a Kradin. Well, fathom it now. He's no nemesis, is he? Weren't you drilled to fathom the nemesis? And we abhor none but the nemesis, do we? Then set him loose. Didn't you hear, Novice? Go take provisions. Go. Team Leader Brone, Fourth Vori Defence Contingent. I'm very sorry for my defenders. They're new to the clash and glimpse the nemesis all around them. You've strayed into the fullness of it. One of my defenders glimpsed a vessel falling in Grove Yellow. It must have been yours. Why fly so close to this sphere? It'll be the Kradin that fired at you. Our nemesis. The nemesis crave supremacy in the air. They fire on any craft that doesn't show Kradin colours. All dispatching in the clash zone has been suppressed. That's little likely. We're ordered to cluster with the Seventh Contingent two new lights from now. They'll have means to signal your people. You can make the walk with us to meet them. It wouldn't be sharp to return to the trunks. The nemesis is everywhere there. If your tactic won't change. It's sharper to wait for the new light. Which of you will walk with Chakotay to find his craft when the new light comes? Well told, Namon. Now close your glimpses, defenders, and dream of your sisters and mothers. [Forest - day] Namon's coverings. It's a long walk to the cluster mark. It's sharper to blend with the trunks. Your fleet colours will get us all nullified. The nemesis has nullified mine and ours in the before, and will in the now. But in the soonafter, we'll send them flying from this If we greet the nemesis in the trunks, you'll fire like the rest. As long as you're with us, you do my tellings. Fathom? Rafin. Drill Chakotay to fire Vori arms. (Now in Vori clothes, Chakotay is shown how to fire at a target.)RAFIN: Now you. Your glimpse is too low. With these arms it's sharper to aim higher than the mark. What is it? Neck-strapped and upturned. Left to be cooked by the glare. By his coverings he's of the Seventh Contingent. Likely a scout walker. We're three hundred footfalls from the cluster mark. Signal the Seventh. Again. Little likely. You two, fast walk to the cluster mark and glimpse what you can. What? Well told, Novice. Keep the talk low and your glimpse wide. (Rafin and his companion return a short time later.) What have you glimpsed? What, all of them? Tell it, Rafin. They're all how? Those motherless Krady beasts. Do you glimpse the fullness of it now, stranger? Now you fathom why we name them beasts and not men? We're much more than sorry, aren't we, defenders? The nemesis wants your plantings. He wants your homes. He wants your sisters. But does it suffice him to nullify you? No. He craves to shame you, mock you, keep you from the gloried Wayafter! We're wearied of it, aren't we? We're wrestled to the rages for it, aren't we? And we're not going to swallow it. Not in the now, or in the They were fast walked through the trunks. All nullified. And you, Chakotay, clashed beside us against the Kradin though you are a stranger to this sphere. I glimpsed you chancing your days and nights to save Rafin from our nemesis. Join with the Fifth Contingent. They're trying to free the villagers. It doesn't go brightly for them. No. I'll bring you to command. You can signal your people. Nullify him, Chakotay. It's a Kradin tactic. He's the nemesis!
