I'm Deputy Consul Burkus of the Monean Maritime Sovereignty. You've violated our space. Withdraw or we'll resume firing. Then why are you here? And if we are not? Your ship's impressive. Our ancestors were nomadic. They only discovered the waters three hundred years ago. Yes. Mister? They realised they could farm sea vegetation, extract oxygen from the ocean for their ships, create a permanent home. More than eighty thousand. We've built an industrial infrastructure and undersea dwellings, but yes, most of our people still choose to live as our ancestors did. Riga? I'm not sure this is an appropriate topic. Oh? Your calculations could be wrong. And if there isn't? I'm supposed to go back and explain this to forty seven regional sovereigns? They'll pass their first unanimous resolution, calling for my head. Perhaps, but I'll wait until your Delta Flyer returns. Maybe they'll find something tangible. [Delta Flyer] What do you think's happened? They may have had an accident. Possible? Captain, I'll need a better explanation than that. What am I supposed to tell the Council? It looks like our team has succeeded.  The Council's very grateful for your help, Captain. They've asked me to request the shield and thruster schematics for your Delta Flyer. We're hoping to design a probe that'll allow us to monitor the containment generator. I'm sure it'll be very helpful. We'll take it under advisement. Well, Captain, I wish you a safe journey. Please. Pass them along to Mister Riga. He'll include them in his report. It will be given to the subcommittees on life support and agriculture. Thank you, Mister Riga. As I said, we understand his concerns. With all due respect, who are you to tell us what to do with our ocean? It's all right, Captain. I'd like to respond, but not as a diplomat, as a Monean. You came here claiming you wanted to learn about our way of life and now, having spent three days here, you're suggesting we abandon it. We have an expression. Brine in the veins. Tell him what it means. My family has lived here for ten generations. We protected this ocean, cultivated it, lived in harmony with the animals that inhabit it. Can you say the same? I didn't think so. Good day, Captain. (The three Moneans leave.) Your shuttlecraft has violated our borders. I demand an explanation. To what end? Then I presume you intend to take radical action to stop them. [Delta Flyer] Our refinery workers have been given five minutes to clear the structure. Was this the kind of evacuation you had in mind, Captain? Yes, but, Captain!  (Transmission ends.)
