Shields are down to twenty nine percent. They're breaking through. Sir? The charging cycle takes forty five seconds. We'll be vulnerable. Thirty seconds. Ten seconds. (A two-armed creature with big teeth screeches out of one of the energy balls and attacks a crewman. He dies immediately, his skin turning grey and dry. More creatures appear.) [Astrometrics lab] RANSOM Can you give me a minute? There's someone I'd like to say hello to first. See you there. (Tuvok and Seven leave. Burke goes over to Torres.)BURKE: BLT. I remember. I thought I was dreaming. So, where's my sweater. The blue one? Class insignia on the back? Maxwell Burke. I heard you beat me to it. The Maquis? Well, I told your resident Vulcan I'd be right with him. Are you free later? I'd love to catch up. Sounds great. (Burke leaves.) What have you got in mind? You build a net. A multiphasic force field to be exact. We wanted to see what we were up against so we built a small chamber that could keep one of them trapped for several minutes. Rudy? The design schematics are in our auxiliary datacore. How could I resist after two years on emergency rations? They're going to find out eventually. Understood. (Ransom tries a piece of Burke's meal.) With two vessels we'd be able to pool our resources, doubling our chances of finding a short cut home. Rudy. I didn't realise. Are you going to throw me in the Brig? Just doing some homework, studying your propulsion system. If there's a chance I'm going to be stuck on Voyager. I figured I better learn my way around. Maybe you could tutor me over dinner? You'd be surprised. I'm not the. What did you once call me? PetaQ. I'm not the petaQ I used to be. Let me prove it to you. Tom Paris. You could do worse. (Download complete.) So, we're still on for dinner? Just the two of us?  Once we take their field generator, we'll part company. They have weapons, shields, a full crew. They'll survive. This won't be easy. The generator is located on deck eleven, next to the warp plasma manifold. We can't get a clean lock without boosting the signal. Marla, we need you to set aside your claustrophobia and crawl through the access port, and set up the transport enhancers. We'll have to take the internal sensors in that section offline. Noah, you're elected. I'll disengage the power couplings from Engineering.  I'm going to miss this ship. Ready on all fronts. The transport enhancers are in place and Noah's created a subroutine to mask Voyager's internal sensors. Bypass controls have been routed to our bridge. All you need to do is say energise. We can't. They've sealed off the deck.  Damn! B'Elanna's erected a forcefield. I can't get a lock on the generator Stand by! Okay, BLT, let's see if you remember this trick. [Astrometrics lab] I'm integrating it now. [Bridge] Generator's in place. I'm bringing the grid online. [Bridge] Course laid in. The shield grid is back in place. The aliens are staying clear. It's Max. I've brought you a visitor. RANSOM: Hold on. Come in. (Burke enters with Seven.) RANSOM: I'm glad you're okay. I've been using this synaptic stimulator. I was just taking a stroll along the Tenkaran coast. You're welcome to try it.  First degree phaser burns, minor lacerations. Looks like we'll have to amputate. That was a joke. You're supposed to smile and make a witty retort. You know, Seven. Can I call you Seven? We don't have many luxuries around here. All we've got is each other. You might try letting your shields down or else it's going to be a lonely trip. I'll be damned. Looks like our Doctor left us a replacement. Looks like he downloaded you into our database. Good. You can treat your friend. [Equinox Engineering] If she won't give us the codes maybe we could extract them ourselves. That's why you're going to help us. Do it or I'll erase your programme. You won't be protected from the aliens. Arm yourselves with phasers. At the first sign of trouble, we'll beam you back. It's B'Elanna. She's trying to bypass our security protocols. Back for round two, BLT? I wish you didn't have to be one of them. They took heavy damage. Shields, propulsion.  We're going to need more fuel. We've only got enough left to jump another five hundred light years. Several more. [Equinox Sickbay] Bridge to Ransom. Janeway's found us.  Distance? Maintain course. Voyager's approaching at high warp. There's a class two nebula less than a light year from here. Janeway's sensors won't be able to track us once we're inside. I think that we should pursue this course. Change of tactics? Another way? Rudy, with all due respect, have you lost your mind? Belay that order. Raise shields. I'm taking command. Anyone who isn't with me, speak up now. Take him to the brig. (Burke takes Ransom's phaser.) What's the status of our weapons? Open a secure channel to their Sickbay. Stand by weapons.  We're going to need your help, Doctor. See if you can find Voyager's current shield frequency. [Medical lab] They'll try to remodulate. Keep monitoring. Pursuit course. Maintain fire. [Bridge]  Someone's trying to beam us off. Forcefields. [Equinox Engineering] Burke to Doctor, report. Where? Voyager's brig? We still have a working shuttle. We'll make it. [Equinox Corridor]
