(old man with banjo) Well, good to see you. Welcome. Let's have some music! (The old man starts playing and the farm folk dance. After a while -) Oh, why have you come back? You don't have what I need. Oh, well now. Aren't you contentious for a minor bipedal species? Oh, it was necessary. They are no longer here. You don't have what I need. They might. No, you'll have to leave them. Oh, no, I do understand, but I have no choice. There just is not enough time left. I must honour a debt that can never be repaid, but my search has not been going well. You? I've searched the galaxy with methods beyond your comprehension. No, there's nothing you can do. But sending you back is terribly complicated. Don't you understand? I don't have time. Not enough time! (He waves his arm and the group is sent back to the Bridge.)  [Ocampa hospital] NURSE Well, you're nothing if not persistent. That isn't possible. I've barely enough strength to complete my work. If I don't, the Kazon will steal the water. But in a few years, when the Ocampa's energy runs out, it won't matter. They'll be forced to come to the surface and they won't be able to survive. We're explorers from another galaxy. We had no idea that our technology would be so destructive to their atmosphere. Two of us were chosen to stay behind and care for them. Not anymore. No, no. She went off to look for more interesting places. Oh, they didn't die of an illness. They died because they were incompatible. I've been searching the galaxy for a compatible biomolecular pattern. Now, in some individuals I found cellular structures that were similar, but I I needed someone to replace me. Someone who'd understand the enormous responsibility of caring for the Ocampa. Only my offspring could do that. They're children. Oh, I wish I could but I have very little time left, so I have initiated a self-destruct programme. The Ocampa's enemies can not be allowed to control this installation. In minutes, it'll be destroyed. You have to go. Go now. (The Kazon ship hits the Array. The holographic barn turns into the high-tech room. There is a giant purple blob at one end.) The self-destruct programme has been damaged. Now this installation will not be destroyed. But it must be. The Kazon must not be allowed to gain control of it. They will annihilate the Ocampa. (The Caretaker shrinks into a hand-sized rock. Janeway picks it up.)
Not enough time! When he died, Voyager's best chance of getting home died with him, but he revealed one hopeful possibility. There is another like me. She left hundreds of years ago, but she's out there, somewhere. [Tuvok's quarters] (Incense is burning and the lights are lowered. Tuvok initiates a mind meld with Kes.)
