May I help you, sir? Lieutenant, is something wrong?(The alcoves and their occupants have vanished.) [Kes' quarters - 2371] (Kes picks up a PADD with an active file, and activates it.)NEELIX
Twenty one hundred kilopascals. If we lock them down at these pressure levels, we might not be able to reinitialise the dilithium reaction. Constrictors online. It's working. Twenty five hundred kilopascals and holding.
Commander! Look at this. I think they're some kind of apple. There are trees filled with them as far as the eye can see, just over that ridge. We could use an expander to manipulate the containment field. Move it out of the way. Rotate the field and the radiation trapped inside it away from the console. Once it's clear, we have access. Fine. Why, is there a problem? I think we've settled our differences. Captain, I accepted your decision, and I've worked as hard as I can to make myself a valuable member of Lieutenant Torres's team. I can't believe she'd have any complaints about my performance. Then what am I doing here? What? You mean me, personally? No, of course not. You mean when I was picking those poisoned apples? No. My station? Well, yes, I was, but you know how it is down there during a systems analysis. Honestly, I don't remember. Maybe you should ask Seska. Everybody knows she was found in the cave with the Kazon. Look, I'm not saying she did anything wrong, but I didn't either.
 You seem to be in a good mood, Doctor. I thought it was uninhabited. I've localised the signature to a three kilometre radius. When my wife was pregnant, she didn't want to be coddled, either. Vivaldi. I'm getting something. Ninety metres this way. That makes sense. The magnesite in these caves would have provided partial shielding from the radiation. What'd you find? Laboratory? Particle scanners, circuit analysers. Most of it's still functional. They were working on something. (He pushes a box aside to brush the dust of a piece of painted metal. Friendship.) Whoever lived here must have been studying it. The tricorder isn't reading any lifesigns. (They are ambushed by the locals in their haz-mat suits.) [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] (Chakotay and Kim return. Chakotay goes into the cockpit and hears the computer beeping about an open panel. Kim starts to put his helmet away in the storage cage when an alien hiding in there jumps him. Chakotay enters with his phaser drawn.) I'm okay. My stomach's just a little queasy. These people have lived here all their lives without environmental suits. Joe Carey. Sorry?
If that's the case, we'd need a bubble big enough for the ship. Don't worry Lieutenant. I'm with you on this one. After all, it doesn't hurt to theorise. I have a wife, and two little boys. I don't want them to grow up without a father. I'd do anything to prevent that. I've been working on the theory that the trajector operates within a neutrino envelope. If that's true, I think we can use it as many times as we need, until we're all the way home. It's not accepting my security code. I did. It's not working. Someone's altered the security sub-routine. I was right. It operates within a neutrino envelope. To get a field that size, you'd need an amplifier as big as a planet! If that's how the power transfer occurs, then once we leave orbit we loose the ability to traject. And it's amplifying. Look how fast it's expanding! What is it? The manifold is being bombarded by anti-neutrinos from the trajector field. There's no way to compensate for a field that size! (Boom, and steam from near the warp core.) [Bridge] It's fused! All right, people, let's go. Move it out! Move out, let's go, right now. Let's go. Come on, move it out. Fast! Right now. Keep moving! (The matrix is stuck in the console.)
She's not just out of control, she's out of her mind. She hit me is what happened! We were having a disagreement about the power grid. She wanted to realign the lateral plasma conduit. I told her that would cause an overload. As usual, she wouldn't listen. So I told her to step aside and let me handle it. She pushed me away from the console. I pushed back. Next thing I knew, I was lying on the deck with blood pouring down my face. She said, 'Sorry. Maybe you should go to Sickbay.' Ow! You keep that woman out of my engine room and everything will be fine! Ow!  [Corridor]  With the right field modulation it might work, but we'll need more power to the emitter array.  [Bridge]  Aye, Captain.  [Bridge]  Captain, I can shut it down but I'll have to get in there and physically cut the main power feed.  [Bridge]  The Captain says she wants you to attend the staff meeting this afternoon. I'll be there too. Just remember, Torres, I'm the senior officer and I speak for Engineering. Try not to say anything unless someone asks you a question. Fifteen hundred hours, deck one. Don't be late. (Carey walks away.) I tried sending out a tachyon signal to scan the singularity but all I got back was static. Is our priority here really the Medical Holograph system? I assure you, you'll never get less than my best. Lieutenant, congratulations. Welcome aboard. (Carey offers Torres his hand, and she shakes it.) [Engineering upper level] (Chakotay joins Janeway on the catwalk behind the warp core.)
 Hello. Lieutenant Carey. I don't think we've met. I'm not security. I'm just trying to get to know all the new faces around here. What are you working on? Do you need a hand? Well, maybe I'll see you in the mess hall later. Hmm? Too bad. Well, next time I'm in the neighbourhood, I'll drop by and say hello. [2371 Corridor] One of the EPS relays just went offline. I'm sorry, Captain. I tested those systems this morning.
