Did I do something wrong? I did? How? I don't see how I could have done anything. But I haven't even started the diagnostic. Nothing. I just got here. (Seven presses some buttons and the lights flicker.)CELES: I know that wasn't my fault. [Deck thirteen] Ensign, I'm so sorry! I, I thought, I thought you were a Hirogen, or a Borg. It's dark. Your shadow. You mean we haven't been boarded? Isn't that what they sometimes do? Cut the power? Hostile aliens. They might be trying to infiltrate the ship. I don't know, four or five hours. I, I tried Sickbay, but it was deserted. Decks three and four are empty. I, I was on my way to the bridge. You're the first person I've seen. You see? Then maybe I was right. Maybe the reason we can't find anyone is because they've all been assimilated. Then where are they? Can I come with you? Ensign? Do you think we could stop by a weapons locker on the way? [Mess hall] NEELIX
Right away.(The young Bajoran crewwoman leaves with the PADD.) [Turbolift]  Deck eleven. [Engineering] I need help. Billy, don't you dare go back to sleep. [Telfer's quarters]  I'm in trouble.  Yes. And it can't wait until tomorrow. [Telfer's quarters] Unfortunately, I have a threefold brain. Okay, but what's the sequence? Thank you, Captain. I'll try. You're not sick. No, you're not.  Bye. [Telfer's quarters] Should I start the sensor sweeps? Point zero zero five fluctuation in the spatial continuum. It looks like simple background noise. (Janeway checks Celes' console.) I'll help. What would you like, Captain? Maybe I'll try that, too. I'm sure I will. Thanks for the suggestion. I'd better get back there. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment]  Neelix six five one, two servings. The captain checks every single thing I do. Then why isn't it standard procedure for you or Harren? Yeah, because she knows I need it. I wish I could go back to Voyager. Can you imagine? [Delta Flyer - cockpit] Captain, are you all right? I don't know, but whatever it was, it tore a plating section off the outer hull. Not yet. Captain, that hull plate? It's less than ten kilometres away. Impact from a dark-matter body might have left a quantum signature in the alloys. Captain, I'm sorry. I thought that spatial fluctuation we ran into was background noise. Some noise. Yes I do, and you should too. You're right to always be looking over my shoulder. Every day? Every time you report for duty? On Voyager it doesn't matter because nothing I do is that critical. Seven doesn't trust me with anything important. The crew is protected from my mistakes by the people around me, but out here I could get us killed. I had to cram for every exam. Every night? Because that's what it took. That's the only way I made it through. Not to mention the sympathy votes. The conflict on Bajor worked in my favour. The Federation was so eager to have Bajorans in Starfleet that my instructors gave me the benefit of the doubt. So did you, when you accepted my application. Well, just don't trust me with the analysis. I guarantee I'll get it wrong. This has nothing to do with attitude, Captain. You and I are wired differently. To you, this is nothing but data. To me, it, it's a monster with, with fangs and claws. In my nightmares, I am chased by algorithms. My brain just wasn't built to understand this. There isn't another post on Voyager, not for me. Unless you need a waitress in the mess hall. If we were still in the Alpha Quadrant, would that be enough to keep me on board? I don't deserve to be on your ship, Captain. And I'm not really a part of Voyager. I just live there. [Delta Flyer - cockpit] Another spatial fluctuation. It's somewhere within the distance of ten thousand kilometres. Another one closer, about seven thousand kilometres. No spatial disruptions. I can't locate his bio-signature. I can't get a lock. It's like something is there, but it's not there. Billy, if it wanted to kill you it would have done it by now. It never would have sent you back here. Maybe it was trying to scan you or something. Captain! He went right through the forcefield. It's okay. Billy, it's okay. It's okay. Or it didn't belong in the Delta Flyer. We just lost another section of hull. Two hundred thousand kilometres. We can't survive in there for more than a few minutes. They're in pursuit. (Something invisible is making the ring fragments move apart.)CELES: Three minutes, twenty seconds to intercept. Captain. No. You'll have a better chance if we're with you. We might not have contributed much on Voyager, but what we do here matters. We're the crew here, and the crew does not abandon its Captain. Escape pod one is occupied and ready, Captain. Sixty five seconds to intercept. Captain, the escape pod is altering course. It's heading for the aliens. I can't. We're out of range. We're still not close enough. Got him. Shock wave approaching. Contact in four, three, two, one. More or less. (Whumph.) [Sickbay]
