Maybe you should go to Sickbay. The Doctor's preparing the stasis units now. They should be ready by seventeen hundred hours. I want you to tell me that this isn't a mistake. Maybe. But my concern isn't about going into stasis. It's about who you're leaving in charge. Maybe you need to step outside yourself for a minute. Look at the fact that here's someone who's butted horns with you from the moment she came on board. Who disregards authority and actively disobeys orders when she doesn't agree with them. In a nutshell. I know your bond with Seven is unique, different from everyone else's. From the beginning, you've seen things in her that no one else could. But maybe you could help me understand some of those things. That's good enough for me. Thank you, Neelix. I never wanted her here in the first place. She'll fall apart before we leave the nebula. She's trying to keep the engines online. I'll say. She's taken power from every available system and it's still not enough. I don't think that would bother her too much. You were the one we almost lost. When the ship cleared the nebula, the Doctor came back online and found you unconscious. He reinitiated life support and woke the crew.
Tom and Harry are both late. I was going to give them another five minutes but I'll call them now if you'd like. I wasn't going to mention it. Burning the midnight oil? I had a bad dream last night, too. I was in the forest with my father. We were hunting deer, which was odd because that was something I always refused to do. We cornered the animal. I looked to my father to see if he was going to kill it but he wasn't my father anymore. He was a vicious looking alien. That's what mine looked like. Bridge to Ensign Kim. I think his eyes were wider apart. Has anybody seen this species before? While you were awake, I mean. Seven? In our dreams. That's the only place any of us have seen him, right? So if we want to communicate with him, find out what he wants, we'll have to do it on his terms. Lucid dreaming. It's a technique which allows you to take control of your dream. What happened to you by accident is something some people can do by design. I've been able to have a lucid dream by using the same technology I use for a vision quest. I may be able to use it to communicate with this alien. It's kind of like self-hypnosis. Before I go to sleep, I choose a visual cue, something to let me know I'm dreaming. Earth's moon, say. Once I see it, I can wake myself by tapping the back of my hand three times. I don't see any other way of finding out what our friend here is after, or how we can wake up Harry and the others. Besides, we can't stay awake forever. I respect your medical opinion, Doctor, but at this point we're out of options. (The EMH puts a blinkie on Chakotay's forehead.) I understand. Ah-koo-chee-moya. Far from the sacred places of my grandfathers, far from the bones of my people, I seek to sleep, to meet the one who has visited us in our dreams.(Chakotay finds himself walking along a corridor carrying a spear with a stone tip. A deer crosses in front of him and runs into the mess hall. Chakotay follows, spear ready to throw.)[Mess hall] (Earth's moon is visible through the windows. The other doors open to reveal the deer, which then morphs into the alien. He knocks the spear from Chakotay's hand and gets his hands round his throat. Chakotay manages to push him off and pin his Am I? The others? We didn't attack you. We didn't even know you existed until we started seeing you in our dreams. Tell me how I can wake my crew and I promise we'll leave. I can wake myself anytime I want. And if I do, I'm going to start looking for you in the waking world. Find where you're sleeping. You wouldn't want that. Just tell me how far we need to go. We can be past it in one day. I'm fine. Well, it was certainly one of the most interesting away missions I've ever been on. I'll tell you about it on the way to the bridge. [Bridge] Past the alien's territory. Once we're clear of it, Harry and the others should wake up. From what the alien told me it sounds like they have corporeal form but they communicate through their dreams. For them, it's as real as the waking world. It reminds me of the Australian aborigines. They believed the dream world was no more or less real than the waking world. In fact, their creation mythology says their ancestors actually dreamed the universe into existence. I wonder, do they ever wake up? How did they evolve this way? No damage to the alien ship. Our phasers can't penetrate their shields. I've lost power to the torpedo launchers. Everything you told me was a lie. This was all an elaborate trap to get Voyager here. We need to retake the ship. That's not going to be easy. They've got people everywhere. I'm still asleep. Am I? Are you sure? The Moon. I don't see it. (He taps the back of his hand.)JANEWAY: Where's the captain? All of them? What happened? I've been asleep for almost two days? They let me think I was awake but I was still dreaming. What is it? They're identical. I think I do. Not only are they dreaming, they're all having the same dream. It wasn't just my dream, it was a communal dream. Yes. I saw the rest of the crew, interacted with them. We were all working together to fight off an alien attack. Oh, we're under attack all right. Maybe this is the way these aliens fight their enemies. They exist somewhere in our reality as physical beings, but they must be asleep, unable to defend themselves against what they call waking species. We'll never defeat them in their dream reality, but if we can find them, find where they're sleeping, we'll have the advantage. Maybe we've been looking in the wrong place. I'm betting a species that spends its time sleeping isn't going to be hanging around where conventional scans can locate them. This neurogenic field you mentioned. Anyone in a hyper REM state would be producing one. If you need me, I'll be on the bridge. [Bridge] Scanners have detected a neurogenic field emanating from beneath the surface of a planet less than a light year from here. Excuse me, Tom, but I've got to change our course. [Cargo Bay two] The others? We need to get as far away from that planet as possible. I'll make the necessary course correction. This isn't real. No. No. I need to wake, not sleep! No! (The EMH injects Chakotay.) What happened? I couldn't wake myself like I did before. I need to get down there and find a way to neutralise it. Okay, Doctor, I'm in. I tried knocking it out with my phaser, but there's some kind of forcefield. [Doctor's office] Sorry, I'm having trouble concentrating. [Doctor's office] Doctor. This animazine, it's pretty powerful. [Doctor's office] These aliens, they look pretty frail. [Doctor's office] They probably wouldn't have the same tolerance for stimulants that we do. The animazine might be capable of waking up one of these aliens. [Doctor's office] Actually, I think I'm going to give it to one of my sleepy friends here. [Doctor's office] I might be able to get him to deactivate this generator. Doctor, I want you to go to the bridge. [Doctor's office] Go to the bridge and target my comm. signal with a photon torpedo. [Doctor's office] Not just me. These aliens and their transmitter, too. But only if you don't hear from me [Doctor's office] Understood? [Doctor's office] I'll give you five seconds. Four, three, two(Chakotay falls asleep.) [Cargo Bay two] I found the cavern and your people. I'm there right now in the waking world. And it's all going to be destroyed in less than two minutes, unless you deactivate that transmitter. Oh, believe me, if I don't contact my ship you and I are both going to die in our sleep. Chief Medical Officer's log, Stardate 51471.3. With the neurogenic field neutralised I've been successful in reviving the entire crew. Unfortunately, the experience has produced a troubling side effect for many of them. Acute insomnia. [Mess hall] You're not starting breakfast this early, are you? Neither could I. Sounds good. You too? Neelix, I think it's time for breakfast. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Hostile?  Mister Abaddon. I'm Commander Chakotay, this is Mister Neelix. You're very perceptive, Mister Abaddon. Looks like you have an item or two we might be interested in. Those are integrated systems. Unfortunately, we couldn't trade them to you without dismantling our whole ship. Good idea. Why don't you show Mister Abaddon our inventory? Report back when you're done. We'll take a chance. Add them to the list. What about these cultural artefacts? Looks like a good haul. If that's it? We've already got a full complement of shuttles, not to mention the Delta Flyer. What do we need with this derelict ship? I get the picture. Are you sure you're not just looking for a new toy? Maybe. If we had the manpower to restore it. What will it cost us? All right. One slightly used alien ship. Don't make me regret this.  Thirty metres of EPS conduit? A broadband sensor matrix? A tactical data module? Tom, I appreciate your enthusiasm, but I can't spare these parts right now. Those are emergency supplies, and this isn't an emergency. That takes energy, which isn't exactly in abundance at the moment. Maybe in a few weeks, if we can replenish our power reserve. Your duties, which you've been neglecting. You've been late for two shifts in Sickbay. You've been distracted on the bridge. Maybe it's time you gave this project a rest. You look run down. Maybe you should stop by Sickbay and have the Doctor take a look at you. Well, your next shift isn't till oh seven hundred. Why don't you do yourself a favour and turn in early. One more thing. I'd appreciate it if you'd shave and change back into your uniform. We do have protocols. We'll get your Alice flying. Just give it some time. [Shuttlebay]  Seal the shuttlebay doors. Full power to the shields. (Whumph!) Did you ever notice anything odd about the ship? Constant repairs. There's no one there. Is there any way to disable their shields without firing weapons? I'm boosting the confinement beam. Try it now.
Captain, forgive me, but you've never been one to put much trust in religious ceremonies. Exactly what is it you hope to accomplish? Some kind of physiological change, maybe. We'll have to find a way to allow the Doctor to monitor your physical condition, and you should have a way to call for an emergency beam out if you need it. As a precaution. We don't have any idea what the ritual entails. Of course there's always the possibility that the Ancestral Spirits really do control what happens in the shrine. I remember when my mother taught me the science underlying the vision quest. In a way I felt disappointed. Some of the mystery was gone. Maybe the Nechani have chosen not to lose the mystery. What does that mean? Is she in danger? Then there's nothing so far that would suggest a treatment for Kes. It's been three days since she had any sleep. How long are we going to let her go through this? She's been poisoned by some unknown toxin. It may be having an effect we can't gauge. It could lie dormant for a few days and then suddenly fluctuate and kill her in minutes. Are you getting enough meaningful information to justify her continuing this ordeal? Then is it possible she's in no condition to activate the homing signal? All right, we'll leave her there for now, but I'm not moving from this monitor until she gets back. [Coastline] (Waves rolling onto a rocky shore with a cliff behind Janeway.) How does that translate into a cure for Kes? Captain, if you'll excuse me, I'm probably more useful on the bridge right now. (Chakotay leaves.) Captain, we've been worried about you. Acknowledged. I'll bring her down myself. Chakotay to sickbay. Doctor, prepare Kes for transport. The Doctor says her life signs are deteriorating. He almost wouldn't let us take her out of sickbay. You have some new information on the effects of the field? Captain, you've been through a lot in the past few days. Are you sure of that? There are eight hundred megajoules of biogenic energy running through that shrine. The thoron radiation levels are off the scale. That's what you'd be taking yourself and her into. Why don't you take some time to think about this and let us run a few more scans. Captain, this isn't like you. He's right. It's my responsibility to keep you safe, for the crew's sake if not for your own. I'd rather not have to relieve you of duty, but if your judgment's been impaired in any way. Captain, I don't understand this.
We've dropped out of warp. We're at a dead stop. I'm reading gravimetric forces around the ship. They're Yes The impulse reactor's running hot. We're heading for an overload. No effect. Reactors are critical. Can you shut it down? That explains why they haven't answered our hails. How do you propose to defeat Chaotica? And who's supposed to do that? Until we can eliminate those distortions, we're trapped.  Report. Helm, full impulse. [Holodeck - Fortress of Doom] CHAKOTAY And they've closed the distortions. We've cleared the subspace layer. [Holodeck - Fortress of Doom]
That's what we're here for. Why? Good work, Tom. Now, let's see It looks like the ship's been caught in an eddy of some kind. Caused by our presence? Is that vegetation? A couple of hundred years, maybe? If our orbit starts to decay, Voyager will begin to feel the effects of the differential and we'll begin aging hundreds of times faster than we would in normal space.  How's our warp core? Without warp drive, we'll never leave orbit. Maybe the key is to learn more about this planet, in case we're missing something. Then let's modify a class-five probe for low orbit, see what we can pick up. Configure the programme to scan along all subspace bands, and set it for visual images every ten milliseconds. This could be the greatest anthropological find of my career. If there's an intelligent species down there, we'll be able to track their development, not just for days or weeks, but for centuries. They won't necessarily follow the Klingon model. A few hours. We might miss the rise and fall of a civilisation. No doubt about it. There's a city down there. They've developed internal combustion technology since the last few scans. Look at those radial lines. It looks like a system of roads. Look at the amount of iron being used in that city. That's ten times what you'd expect to see in a culture at this stage of development. If you lived on a planet that wouldn't stop shaking, you might be doing the same thing. If they've reached this stage of industrial development, they must be observing us. Initiate self-destruct. Any signal from the surface will be accelerated. When it reached our time frame, the frequency would be thousands of times higher than normal. Again. Amplitude modulation. It's a radio transmission. Prime numbers. They're sending a list of prime numbers. Slow it down again. A little more. Ancient mythology. That means we've already insinuated ourselves into their culture. Why not take the next step? A first contact, face to face, might give us information we could use to leave orbit. That would stop the damage. It's worth the risk. The Central Protectorate? I've been looking at the data from Astrometrics. Seven's picked up a few of their local transmissions. I can tell you the names of all twenty six states on the planet. Just about. Probably. Judging from the transmissions, they seem to have a tolerant society. He could've moved across the continent by now, or to the other side of the planet. Chakotay to Seven of Nine. Have you picked up any information regarding opera houses or concert halls? We've already tried to hail them. It doesn't look like they're able to receive our transmissions. We've done enough damage to these people over the last thousand years. That's a year and a half. Tricobalt devices? Looks like somebody down there listened to you.
Thanks. I take it you're in charge here. Commander Chakotay of the starship Voyager. The clash. You're at war? That explains why my shuttle came under fire. I was on a survey mission. I picked up traces of omicron radiation in your atmosphere so I slowed down to take a look. As soon as I did that, I came under attack. I lost helm control and had to make an emergency transport to the surface. The Kradin? I see. Well, I tried to explain that I had no hostile intentions, but they just kept shooting. I tried to contact my ship but my communicator's not working. I have to find my vessel. Maybe it's salvageable. I appreciate the offer, but I can't wait two days. I have to find my vessel now. Then I'll have to do my best to steer clear of them. It won't. Then I'll take your advice and wait. (He joins the men by the fire.) Thanks. I'm sure it'll be fine. Chakotay. Pleased to meet you. Any what? No, I didn't. This nemesis of yours. Why do you call them beasts? RAFIN: It's told they all wear the same horrid face. Their flesh is gnarled and blistery like the rotting trunks. Their glimpses flame like fire, And if you dare near enough, their breath stinks of muck. You know, sometimes people say terrible things about their enemies to make them seem worse than they really are. There might be some young Kradin soldier out there who's more afraid of you than you are of him. That's pretty rough. What do you mean by upturned? I appreciate the offer, but I'll be fine on my own. Killing's the worst thing I've ever had to do. Maybe not. Maybe I would, if they did things like that to the people I loved. But on the sphere I come from we try to find other ways to resolve differences. Peaceful solutions, Negotiations. No. I suppose I don't. In a few minutes. We should be getting close. Go back if you want to. I've got to keep looking. It doesn't look like there's much left of my shuttle. Don't make me kill you. (Another Vori does that instead. Brone's team run in.) CHAKOTAY: How is he? What's this? Shouldn't they go to his family or someone he was close to? I'm sorry about what happened to Namon. This isn't my war. I'm not planning to shoot anybody. Fathom. You're good. (Rafin demonstrates.) I was paying you a compliment. He was right. Killing's not easy. Who told you that? You think it's your fault that Namon died? You weren't the one who pulled the trigger, Rafin. And there's no shame in being afraid of fighting. Having the trembles is natural. Because I've been in battle before, fighting to free my people from a nemesis called the Cardassians. Let's just say they weren't very friendly. The point is, even though I believed in what we were doing, I always felt fear before a fight. I guess I did, but that doesn't mean Brone. I don't know. (Brone's rifle light illuminates a Vori tied to the ground, face up.) He's one of yours? Desecrated by the Kradin. Is it possible they moved their camp for some reason? Yes. I think I do. I'm sorry. Rafin, no! Stay down! Hold on. I'm gonna get you out of here. (Chakotay starts to drag Rafin, but gets shot in the shoulder.) Listen, there's been a misunderstanding. I'm not a defender. My shuttle was shot down by the Kradin and I landed in the clash zone. I met up with one of your patrols. They gave me this uniform. The Fourth. We put up a brave fight. Thank you. That's very kind. What I really need is some communications equipment to contact my crew. Do you know where I might find some place with communications equipment? Can you tell me how to get there? Then I'd better get started. I think I will. No, thank you. But it was delicious. They're very pretty. It's true the Kradin don't respect your beliefs. I don't either. I wish I could tell you. Hate's not something I understand very well. Really? There are a lot of soldiers in the war. I only met a few of them. The Seventh. Are you sure he was with the Seventh? The patrol I was with was supposed to rendezvous with them. We were ambushed before we had the chance. I'm not going back to the clash zone. I've got to get to the restock unit so I can contact my ship. I wish you a good day. Thank you both. You've all been very kind. I'll do my best. Then you'd better keep one for yourself. (He gives Karya a flower then walks off into the forest. He hears the sound of an aircraft then two jets fly overhead towards the settlement. Gunfire and explosions. Chakotay runs back. The Kradin are rounding up the people. Chakotay takes aim, and a rifle is jammed into his back.) I heard the explosions, and I came back to help. They interrogated me. Where's your grandfather? You. You! I want to talk to your superior. Hey, I'm talking to you! I want to know what you've done to this girl's grandfather. He's old and needs medical atte - Argh! (The guard  hits Chakotay with his rifle butt.) Your grandfather's a wise man. (Karya lies down next to Chakotay.)CHAKOTAY: That's right, get some sleep. Close your glimpsers, and dream of your gloried brother. [Larhana settlement - day] (Chakotay and Karya are woken by gunshots.)KRADIN I don't know. Karya! Keep your hands off her. Don't touch her! COMMANDANT: What's the matter, pretty one? Motherless beast!(Another Kradin knocks him out.) [Transporter room] The villagers, from Larhana settlement? And your defenders? Thank you for coming back for me. You put yourself at risk. You tell the truth when you name them beasts. What will you do now that your men are gone? I'll come with you. That can wait till the soonafter. In the now, you need my help to nullify the nemesis. [Forest - night] Brone! You'll have to nullify me first! How do you know my name? Tuvok? Don't walk any closer! You're a Kradin beast. You destroyed that village, nullified Penno, took away Karya. She was only a child! No, they rescued me. Take one more step and I'll nullify you. TUVOK: You are Commander Chakotay of the starship Voyager. You are a scientist, an explorer. You are not a killer. (Chakotay sees Tuvok as he really is, wearing a Kradin uniform.) Tuvok. How can you wear those colours? They're Kradin. They're beasts, murderers. I don't believe you! It's Larhana settlement. (Chakotay walks into the village.) Everything I experienced was some sort of simulation? And the men I fought beside, none of them was real? Namon and Rafin weren't killed in front of me? Why me? Then the Kradin don't kill innocent civilians? They don't desecrate the Vori's dead? I cared about the Vori, but I hated the Kradin. I wanted to kill every one of them. If you'll excuse me, Captain. [Corridor] I wish it were as easy to stop hating as it was to start. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
We're clear to beam inside. Looks like they hit the ice at full impulse. The EMH? Let's get moving. Keep an open comm. link. [Frozen Bridge] (Some emergency lighting is still flickering. There are frozen bodies in the frost on the decks and in Transporter relay and beam her to the lab. Make it quick. This isn't exactly a happy reunion. [Delta Flyer] I'll give you one. We're here to change history. [2375 Engineering] (All the crew is gathered and applauding. There are streamers and confetti, Torres carries a bottle of champagne, which she breaks against the railing around the I don't think we'll hear any complaints. The Federation's first Slipstream drive. They'll probably nominate us for the Cochrane Medal of Honour. I'd like to thank the Borg Collective. Nothing special. Date with a replicator. Aye, Captain. I looked at their findings, Captain. If we try to take that flight in the morning, we'll be in escape pods by afternoon. Famished, but I assumed you called me here to talk about the Slipstream flight. Sounds delicious. I didn't know you could cook. Oh? You've made your decision. The crew will be pleased. I've analysed Harry's flight plan. The theory is sound, but there are just too many variables. If something goes wrong in that slipstream True, but if you showed this data to any Starfleet engineer, they'd think we were out of our minds. We can find another way home. We've waited this long. Always. I'll alert Sickbay. [2390 Delta Flyer - lab] In the Takara sector, just outside the Alpha quadrant. We think Captain Janeway tried to make an emergency landing on this planet. The ship must have been too heavily damaged. They were all killed on impact. Harry! We're not here to salvage your programme. We're here to prevent this disaster from ever happening. We've found a way to communicate with Voyager, in the past, just before the accident. Exactly. One of her cranial implants is a transceiver designed to communicate with other drones. We want you to extract the beacon and determine its translink frequency. Good. That'll tell us where to send the message. Now the hard part. We need to know when to send it. Can you access Seven's chronometric node and pinpoint the exact moment her cybernetic implants disengaged from her organic systems? Down to the millisecond, if possible. Starfleet Intelligence found it in the wreckage of a Borg cube in the Beta Quadrant. How much time do we have? We don't have time for this. Get started. We still have to retrieve those sensor logs. Get ready. (Tessa starts to put on a thermal suit.) Ready? It was, at the time. My command codes should still carry some weight. (He sits in his old chair, and pauses for a while.)CHAKOTAY: Looks like there's an active file here. Yes. It's just the last time I was in this chair, they were all here. Alive. Can I see that tricorder? (He puts it on the pop-up screen between the two chairs.)CHAKOTAY:  It's downloading. Give it a minute. Afraid not. Besides, I left my quarters a mess. In just a few hours, if all goes as planned, we'll have changed history. The past fifteen years erased. We don't have to do this. I'm serious. Look at me. Last minute jitters, cold feet, I don't know what to call it. Ridiculous, isn't it? After all these years working toward this moment, and when it finally comes, all I can think about is losing you. But if we don't. Plasma flow? Comm. link? Lunch. Feel up to this, Ensign? Chakotay to Voyager. We're ready. [2375 Bridge] I'm doing my best. Harry, status! [2390 Delta Flyer - lab] Could buy us some time. Open a channel. You could say that. Mind if I take a rain check? We're here to save one hundred and fifty lives. Our crew. You know I can't do that. Yes, I know. Good luck. Shields to full. Stand by weapons. [2375 Bridge] Return fire. Keep trying. [2390 Delta Flyer - lab] The threshold is fluctuating. Voyager's been thrown into normal space. We can't. Even if they survived re-entry at this velocity, we wouldn't. Ensign, there's no choice. (Kim slumps to the deck.) [2375 Bridge] I can see that. Full thrusters. Do we have enough power to send a plasma surge through their tractor beam, break ourselves free? If you want to beam over to that ship, I'll understand. Harry, we just bought you a few more minutes. [2390 Delta Flyer - lab] The EPS relays are overloading. Harry, we're looking at a possible core breach in less than three minutes. How's it [2390 Delta Flyer - lab] Can you eject the core? I appreciate the offer, Captain, but the answer's no. I suggest you get to a safe distance. Harry, now would be a good time. [2390 Delta Flyer - lab] The Slipstream collapsed. We were thrown out right along with Voyager.
Too much togetherness for you, Harry? Delta Flyer to Voyager. We're on our approach. I'll let you know in the morning, Doctor. (They all head off down different corridors.) Try not to move. I can help you. Hold your fire. I said, hold your fire! Saavdra, where is he? We were supposed to evacuate the colony, not destroy it! They're civilians! Go ahead. I'm on my way. [Mess hall] Neelix, this is Commander Chakotay. Let Naomi go. No one's going to hurt her. That's an order. I want to try something first. Neelix, listen to me. It's okay, Saavdra ordered a cease-fire. The colony's secure. The battle is over. It's just a few soldiers. They're celebrating. The battle's over. I'll protect Naomi. Because I'm on your side. I want to end this conflict as much as you do. Let her go. It's safe now. The killing's over.(Neelix lets Naomi run to Chakotay, then hands him his phaser. Neelix clings to Chakotay as he takes him away.) [Sickbay] I dreamed I was fighting in an alien war. The same war Neelix seemed to be reliving. None. The mission was by the book. If our memories were wiped, our physical injuries could have been masked as well. Saavdra. We'd been awake for days. We were exhausted. [Command post] Just one. This unit could use a little sleep. I suggest we wait until daybreak. It can wait a few hours. Never been there.  The mission proceeded as planned. We disabled their shield generators and entered the colony. Evacuation detail to base. We're ready for transport. Everybody down! Base, we're under attack. Repeat. We're under attack! [Briefing room] We can't be sure of that. It could have been one of our own people. Fatigue. A phaser malfunction. You just don't know!  Keep moving. Stay together. Hold your fire! Stay together. KIM: Stop running. Stop! NEELIX: Get down! Get down, get down, get down! Stop running! Stop running!(The colonists get shot in the back.) [Briefing room] Like hell we didn't. That didn't give us the right to murder civilians. We killed eighty two civilians that night. No one was left alive. Captain's log, supplemental. We've entered the system where the away team conducted its recent survey, hoping to find an explanation for their memories of the Nakan massacre. [Paris' quarters] No, we only scanned for dilithium deposits. We were in orbit for less than an hour. Captain Bathar of Hodos. He's a merchant. Claimed to have a formula that stops the aging process. It was only a tripolymer enzyme. It makes a great shoe polish though. Signs of weapons fire or phaser residue? Source?  Call it an educated guess, but I don't think this looks like a war zone. Try running those symbols inscribed on the base through the translation matrix. (reads) Words alone cannot convey the suffering. Words alone cannot prevent what happened here from happening again. Beyond words lies experience. Beyond experience lies truth. Make this truth your own. More than witnesses. By being forced to relive those events, half the crew's been traumatised. Anything in that database that might tell us who built this thing? Fascinating. Now let's try to shut it down so nobody else has to go through this. Kathryn? The monument will still be here. Why should anyone have to experience an atrocity they didn't commit? Some things are best forgotten. Captain.
We've got eighty percent of the deuterium we wanted. Maybe we shouldn't push our luck.  An EM discharge penetrated the hull. Deck seven, section ten. Power outages on three decks. Auxiliary subprocessors are offline. No injuries reported. I've got reports from repair teams. It looks like that EM discharge did more damage than we thought. Transporter room one is out of commission, half the sonic showers are offline, and we temporarily lost artificial gravity on deck five. Ensign Mulchaey bumped his head on the ceiling. Captain? It's nothing to be embarrassed about. I used to have long conversations with my Maquis ship. Oh, I can't tell you that. Captain-starship confidentiality. If the Doctor heard us he'd probably recommend counselling. Deal. It's a meteorite cluster. I doubt it's anything to worry about. Tuvok, run level four diagnostic on the navigational array. Manual override. Computer, locate B'Elanna Torres. Engineering. (The turbolift doesn't move.) CHAKOTAY: I bet you wouldn't try to pull this on the Captain. Have it your way. I'll walk. (The doors shut in his face.) If I didn't know better I'd say this ship is trying to kill me. Do you have any idea what's going on? And those gel-packs interface with all the affected systems. Only if we stay out of the turbolifts. I'll tell you about it on the way. [Corridor] NEELIX  These gel packs aren't burned out. Could it have dissipated this quickly? Moved? Can you isolate it? Let's try to get there before it jumps again. [Cargo Bay two - then] NEELIX Computer, deactivate this forcefield. We'll have to cut power to the field generators. Stand back. (Chakotay phasers the wall panel.) Let's get her to Sickbay. [Mess hall] NEELIX When Gibson and McMinn tried to vent the gas from deck seven, they were struck by a discharge, too. It could be an intelligence at work here. Ninety seven crewmen have been accounted for. They're in secure locations throughout the ship. No one's seen him. Captain? Even if it understands what you're saying, it may not know how to respond. It could be some kind of trap. This lifeform, whatever it is, has already injured at least eleven crewmen. That's everyone but the Captain and First Officer.  How are the children?
A minor malfunction. Tom and Harry'll fix him. One piece of advice you've always given me. Tell the truth. In that case, you'll have to get creative. [Saint Mary's] Two shots directly at the primary controls. We can't deactivate the programme or get the safeties back online. Well, we could use a little magic right now, because that's about the only way we're going to get our people back. Too many stray photons. We can't get a lock.  I can't isolate the Doctor's programme. Captain? [Corridor]
Seven of Nine's shipwide efficiency analysis. Barely. She wants to present it to the senior staff. We'll be passing by a class T cluster in the next couple of days. Gas giants, radiogenic sources. I'm not sure it's worth altering course.  We'll go to a level three analysis of the cluster. Tom, get the Flyer ready and assemble an away team. Harry, start continuous scans. Captain? They get off the ship whenever we have general leave. Harren never volunteers. Celes can't get past the proficiency requirements. And Telfer always seems to get a note from his doctor. What can we do? There are always a few who don't make it past their first year on a starship. Normally, they're reassigned. But in our case, maybe we should relieve them of duty and let them pursue their own interests. It certainly wouldn't hurt general efficiency. Flight-checked with provisions for a seventy two hour away mission. What have you got in mind, Captain? Easy. They're sleeping. No serious injuries. Everyone's all right, though you gave us a good scare for a while. We received your distress call. We found the Flyer drifting above a gas giant. You were all unconscious. No. What happened? Did she find them?
 We're receiving a distress call. A small vessel on an intercept course. Lock on a tractor beam. Evasive manoeuvres. (Whumph!) Cause? Getting to know your enemy. He wakes up in the morning, feeling wonderful, until he discovers he's missing a kidney. No, but the Vidiians are more than just your garden variety monsters. I've been studying their culture. They were a lot like us before the Phage. Makes you wonder what we'd do under the same circumstances. We fought off their first attacks. Now they seem content to show up on sensors just long enough for us to change course. It's like we're being herded somewhere. Sounds like a good place for an ambush. B'Elanna?  Last chance to take the long way around. Not yet, but it's a safe bet they're in there. One down, two hundred and fifteen to go. Lieutenant? Of course. [Sickbay - 2371] Looking for something specific? Report. They're cutting through our shields. Remodulate. We've still got impulse. They're cutting an access route through the hull. Evacuate deck three and seal it off. I'm reading an EM fluctuation. It could be a transmission. Airponics bay. I'm picking up two bio-readings. The sensors must be malfunctioning. They're both reading as Kes. Can you target those hooks? Reverse the hull polarity. Maybe we can shake them loose. [Airponics bay - 2371] It's a start. Reroute the deflector. Have it discharge anti-graviton pulses along the hull. Engage the inertial dampers. Get a controlled pitch going. [Airponics bay - 2371] Reverse thrusters. Full power. Then tear it apart! (The last grapple takes bits of hull with it.)CHAKOTAY: Photon torpedoes, full spread. Ready, fire!(Three torpedoes hit the Vidiian ship.) [Airponics bay - 2371] (Janeway and Kes get to their feet. Kes advances and Janeway tries to stun her. Kes staggers then returns the  We're receiving a distress call. A small vessel on an intercept course. Captain? Lock on a tractor beam. Evasive manoeuvres. (Whumph!) How did you know?
Haarkonian? Any idea what the Haarkonians want with you now? That's a significant detour, Captain. JANEWAY [OC] I'm aware of that, Commander. [Ready room] Not yet, Captain.
What about keeping us in stasis aboard Voyager? It's risky. The Vidiians have never shown any willingness to help us. It's more likely they'd attack Voyager and try to harvest body parts from the crew. Could we live with ourselves, knowing we sent Voyager into that kind of danger? It looks like they transported the contents of the whole ship. Do you really think you can find a cure? Does it matter which way these things go? That's not much of a choice. Couldn't Starfleet have come up with something a little more cheerful? I was thinking more of a tasteful pinstripe, something in blues and greens. Well, I suggest we put the grey on the outside and the beige inside. Roughing it? Let's see, we have shelter, furniture, research equipment, tricorders, a replicator. It's too rough for me. A bathtub? Captain, I'm sure you can learn to love the sonic shower. Give me a few days on that one, okay? [Engineering] Catch anything? Oh, in the woods. Not yet. It means when it's time for you to know, I'll tell you. I'm building something. You can't stand it, can you? You're like a little kid wheedling. Can't hurt to give it a try. [Outside the shelter] (There is a rustle in the nearby bushes. Janeway grabs a towel.) I've detected primate life signs here, but I've never seen one. Looking for a pet? Well, excuse me. [Shelter] Kathryn, the Doctor worked for weeks trying to find a treatment for this disease. You've been at it twelve hours a day, seven days a week since we got here, and we're still no closer to a cure than we were the day we were infected. My people have a saying. Even the eagle must know when to sleep. Maybe it's time we both considered that. Why do you have to see it as defeat? Maybe it's simply accepting what life has dealt us, finding the good in it. Making headboards. I've noticed you sometimes sit up in your bed to read. I figured you might as well have a comfortable backrest. But what I do makes you uncomfortable, doesn't it? Every time I do something that adds a personal touch to the shelter, you resist it. I can't sacrifice the present waiting for a future that may never happen. The reality of this situation is that we may never leave here. So, yes, I'm trying to make a home. Something that's more than a plain, grey box. Kathryn! Kathryn. Are you hurt? Give it to me. It seems to be some kind of plasma storm. Our tricorders don't recognise it, but it sure packs a wallop! [Ready room] I'm sorry. I've been thinking. There's plenty of wood available here. I could probably add rooms to the shelter, give us a little more living space. I could do a certain amount with a phaser, but I was actually thinking of logs. I built a few of them when I was growing up. My father thought it was important that I learn how. No bathtub. Well, maybe those camping trips helped prepare you for life here. I think that's the first time I've heard you say anything positive about being here. (The primate chatters at them.) Do you expect him to answer you? I doubt that he can be domesticated, at least not very easily. (The primate climbs a tree.) That's a long time. At least I hope so. Aye, aye, Captain. [Shelter] (Janeway's shoulder's ache.) Here, let me help. (He strokes her hair, moves it out of the way, then starts massaging.) I've had a lot of practice at this. My mother used to get sore necks all the time. I was the only one she'd trust not to make it worse. (After a very long moment, Janeway stands up.) Sleep well, Kathryn. All right. I'm not sure I can define parameters. But I can tell you a story, an ancient legend among my people. It's about an angry warrior who lived his life in conflict with the rest of his tribe, a man who couldn't find peace, even with the help of his spirit guide. For years, he struggled with his discontent. But the only satisfaction he ever got came when he was in battle. This made him a hero among his tribe, but the warrior still longed for peace within himself. One day he and his war party were captured by a neighbouring tribe led by a woman warrior. She called on him to join her because her tribe was too small and weak to defend itself from all its enemies. The woman warrior was brave and beautiful and very wise. The angry warrior swore to himself that he would stay by her side, doing whatever he could to make her burden lighter. From that point on, her needs would come first. And in that way, the warrior began to know the true meaning of peace. No. But that made it easier to say. [Bridge] (Fighting a running battle against three ships.) How are they coming? I would never have thought of you as a gardener. Did you hate that as much as camping? If your tomatoes could spare you for a minute, I'd like your opinion on something in the house. Really? [Shelter] (Chakotay shows her a schematic on the desk computer.) What do you think? You said you wanted to explore the river. I think I could build this. I'm not sure we could fit the bathtub in the boat. Yes. (He goes to a shelf and gets the comm. badges.) Ready? (The primate turns up.) Aye, Captain. I'll have a report to you by eighteen hundred hours. Yes, ma'am. I'll see to it. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
(native American with a tattoo) Damage report. Be creative! Initiating evasive pattern omega. Mark. I need more power if we're going to make it to the Badlands. Tuvok, shut down all the phaser banks. If you can give me another thirty seconds at full impulse, I'll get us into the Badlands. Throw the last photons at them and then give me the power from the torpedo system. Are you reading any plasma storms ahead? That's where I'm going. Hold on! (The little ship dodges around the plasma streamers.) Gul Evek must feel daring today. Can you plot a course through these plasma fields, Mister Tuvok? We can use a time to make some repairs. What was that? Source? Another storm? Anything left in those impulse generators, B'Elanna? Maximum power. How do you know my name? No. A member of our crew is missing too. B'Elanna Torres, my engineer. Three of us will transport to your ship. (Transmission ends.) Were you going to deliver us into their waiting hands, Vulcan? I see you had help. At least the Vulcan was doing his duty as a Starfleet officer. But you, you betrayed us for what? Freedom from prison? Latinum? What was your price this time? He can tell us where they are. (The old man is on a bench plucking his banjo.) Where are our people? We won't do that. The Ocampa use it for barter? But she got out. Maybe you can't, but we can. If the array is the Ocampa's sole source of energy, why would the Caretaker seal the conduits? That doesn't necessarily mean he's dying. He could be leaving. My leg is broken. I can't move. Get out of here, Paris, before the whole thing comes down! You get on those stairs, they'll collapse! We'll both die! Wrong tribe. Fine. Be a fool. If I have to die, at least I'll have the pleasure of watching you go with me. (With Chakotay's arms around his neck, Paris pulls them both up the remaining steps.) You're too heavy. (The section of staircase falls just as they step off it.)  [Sickbay] (The EMH has repaired Chakotay's leg, and healed Torres and Kim.) We've got to get back to our ship. I think so, Captain.  [Bridge] Their weapons array has been hit. They're in trouble. I'm setting a collision course, but the guidance system is disabled. I'll have to pilot the ship manually. Get the crew ready to beam to Voyager. And drop shields for transport. Paris, my crew's coming over. Tell one of your crackerjack Starfleet transporter chiefs to keep a lock on me. I'm going to try and take some heat off your tail. Wait. (He is so close to the Kazon he can almost see through the port holes.) Now! (KaBOOM! The Kazon ship has fires raging internally.)  [Transporter room] PARIS They've got me.  [Array] She's the Captain.
No, not really. I've just never really been comfortable with Suder, that's all. It's not like he ever did anything wrong, it's just As in killing Cardassians. You weren't with him in battle. Around us he was the quietest, most unassuming guy you'll ever meet. Typical Betazoid, Kept to himself. I never knew much about him. A lot of us were doing what we were doing to protect our families, but Suder had his own reasons. I wish I could tell you what they were. In combat there was something in his eyes. Sometimes I had to pull him back, stop him from going too far. And once or twice when I did he looked at me with those cold eyes and I just knew he was this far away from killing me. I don't put down hunches or bad feelings in my crew evaluations, Lieutenant. A Vulcan should appreciate that. I wasn't going to make it harder for any of them here. Suder did his job when he was serving with me and he's done his job since he's been on this ship. There won't be any more winners. I've heard you're responsible for this, Lieutenant. With a senior officer running a gambling operation and skimming profits from each days proceeds? Now why would Starfleet have a problem with that? Since you all seem to have extra replicator rations you won't be needing these. Today's pot is hereby confiscated. The Captain's put a lot of faith in you, Mister Paris. She'll be disappointed. You're on report. (Chakotay is halfway out the door.)
With all this traffic, the Qomar might not even know we're here. I wouldn't say it's his favourite genre.
Maybe the shuttle was tractored or transported somewhere. The gravimetric shear is increasing. Any sign of the shuttle? I'd say it's time to break out the multispatial probe. What about your people? Aye, Captain. Any luck?  Well if it's any consolation, something's coming out of that anomaly. Telemetry from our probe. We've located the shuttle's distress beacon on a Class-D planet. Keep reading. There seems to be some sort of temporal differential. It's difficult to say, but every hour that passes for us could mean weeks, even months for Tom and Tuvok. Ready for the bad news? The gravitational stress is increasing. Seven believes the sinkhole is on the verge of collapse. When it does, everything inside will be crushed. [Noss's ship] We'll have to get Tom and Tuvok within a two metre radius of the distress beacon.  We're in transporter range.
They're moving to intercept. Red alert. Lifesigns? This could be a trap. Tuvok, Paris, you're with me. [Hirogen ship] Search for the lifesigns. (Chakotay sees an alien skeleton hanging in a net, and the wall of trophies and weapons that should remind him of the Kazon. Then he comes upon a large, transparent, bubbling vat.) I'm reading bones, muscle tissue, from at least nine different species. It's all being broken down by some sort of enzyme. Either that or it's dinner. I'm picking up the lifesigns. This way. (They open a door to discover the Alpha, whimpering and hugging his honking big gun.)CHAKOTAY: Massive internal bleeding. Let's get him to Sickbay. [Briefing room] The data we downloaded from the ship's computer included navigational records. Can you give us a map of this region? I analysed some of their logs. From what I can tell, this is a hunting species. We saw the skeletal remains from dozens of alien races displayed like trophies. There was also evidence they may be using some of their victims for food. The entire culture seems to be based on the hunt. Social rituals, art, religious beliefs. They're nomadic. Their existence is driven by the pursuit of prey and it's carried them across huge distances. Like wolves. Captain, we've detected six more Hirogen ships. They're converging on us from all directions. The nearest ship is half a light year away. Four hours at most. Don't count on it. From what I found in their database, diplomacy isn't a part of their lifestyle. They don't see us as equals. To them, we're simply game. Increase power to the structural integrity field. Another overload? Internal sensors aren't detecting any intruders. Six months ago, this species invaded our galaxy with thousands of ships. We were barely able to fight them off. Microscopic weapons that can attack the species on a cellular level. We've tried it before and it worked. We have enough problems on this ship as it is without him running around. Atmospheric recyclers. Is your body armour designed to handle rapid pressure fluctuations? Chakotay to Tuvok. We're ready to go. [Another corridor] Depressurising hatch. Magnetise. [Corridor - Deck 11] I said maintain your position. This is my hunt. I'm at point. But you're on unfamiliar terrain. I know this ship, you don't. I'll take that chance. Now fall back. (The Hirogen steps back behind Chakotay and looks at Paris.) This corridor ends about twenty metres ahead. Chakotay to Tuvok. We've cornered the intruder in section fifty nine. That may not be necessary. Hold your fire. I said, lower your weapon.(The Hirogen attacks Chakotay and shoots Paris, then starts on the 8472 until he gets shot in the back by Tuvok.) [Mess hall] The Hirogen's back in Sickbay, within a forcefield. We've established a security perimeter. Basically, we've turned this entire section into a brig. Any luck finding a crack in their armour? It could be sensing the Hirogen attack. B'Elanna, how's it going down there? [Engineering] Switch to auxiliary power. Bridge to Sickbay. Security, respond. (The Alpha takes a phaser rifle from the unconsious security guard.)CHAKOTAY: Security, dispatch teams to deck five. The Hirogen may be loose. Seven of Nine.
We're at the rendezvous coordinates, but there's no sign of Voyager, and they're not responding to hails. Start scanning on all frequencies. They've got to be out there somewhere. What the hell happened? I can see that. Can you be a little more specific? Any idea who they are? Good thing you were here. Good work. Why don't you get started on the ruptured plasma conduits on deck ten? I beg your pardon? Look, Doc, I'm impressed with the way you handled yourself while we were gone. But right now we've got to prioritise. Go ahead. [[Astrometrics lab]  Transfer the coordinates to the helm. I'll be in Astrometrics. Doctor, the command centre is yours. [Jaffen's apartment] I'd like to speak to them myself. If you're telling the truth, you have nothing to lose by letting us talk to them. Because it isn't their home. Any luck? Take us out of orbit. No, but I want these people to think we are. [Jaffen's apartment]  Any progress? That Ambassador said most of our people were working at the main power facility. I wonder if they still have any positions to fill? Because you and I are going to find ourselves jobs. Good idea, Neelix. Isn't reconstructive surgery one of your specialties? [Sickbay] (Chakotay gains heavy orbital bones and loses the tattoo.) Whiskers make me itch. How did it go? Hold position at maximum transporter range. Gentlemen. Work it out. Did he find a better job? No, just an unusual species. Sorry, sir. I'm just excited to be here. Kathryn. It's Chakotay. I'm new here. The supervisor said you would be a good person to speak to if I had any questions. Nothing. I just wanted to introduce myself. Chakotay. Actually, that's just what my friends call me. My employment file lists my given name, Amal Kotay. Ah, Neelix. That looks good. Let me guess. They really love their jobs. It's a safe bet they're not going to leave willingly. Not bad. That would be nice. Maybe another time.  Excuse me. B'Elanna? What if I told you we were old friends? I know it sounds strange, but I can prove it to you. I'm not going to hurt you. Chakotay to Voyager. We've got B'Elanna. [Bridge] CHAKOTAY Harry, I need an emergency transport now! [Bridge] Excuse me? I'm just a little tired. First day on a new job. Actually, I was thinking about going home. What's the occasion? Congratulations. You told me you were moving out. I needed a place to hide. I'm hoping you won't tell him I'm here. I did. Her name's B'Elanna. She was brought to this planet against her will. Something was done to her so she'd forget her real life. That's right. There are other people in this city who I'm also trying to help. I'm not here to hurt anyone. You have to trust me. Go ahead, report me. But if you do, a lot of innocent people are going to suffer. All I'm asking for is a place to stay until my friends come back for me. That'll have to wait till I'm back on Voyager. My ship. For almost seven years. You seem happy here. Ever consider doing something more challenging? You monitor reactor coils, right? You're obviously a very capable woman. You could probably run that power plant. My people are trying to contact me. Chakotay here. For the time being. Can you get me out of here? KIM [OC] No, sir. [Bridge] I take it she's feeling better. As a matter of fact, I'm sitting with Captain Janeway right now. A little suspicious, just like B'Elanna was at first. How soon can you get back into transporter range?  Until I get back to you, let's maintain comm. silence, just in case we're being monitored. Because that's who you are. I know it sounds strange. Listen to me. There are more then a hundred members of Voyager's crew working at that power plant. Your crew. And when our ship gets here I'll be able to prove it to you. Look, I don't want to force you to do anything you don't want to, but don't you at least want to know the truth? Let me prove who I am. Hand me that dermal regenerator. (He waves it in front of his face. The bony ridges vanish and the tattoo reappears.) We're more than that. We're friends. [Jaffen's apartment] I'm not the man you're looking for. Listen to me. You and I have something in common. We're both investigating disappearances. If you answer my questions, I'll answer yours. He's lying. How could they know that? They've never examined me. My real name is Chakotay. I'm an officer aboard the Federation starship Voyager. Members of my crew were abducted and their memories were altered, and they were put to work here. I can give you names, descriptions. Listen to me! [Mess hall] Chakotay out. (The device is removed.) Ready to go? Are you sorry I showed up?
Is there anyone in the area who might consider this their  property?    She bit you?  You said she was going after the gallicite, so we'll do the  same and hope it leads us to her.  Let's go. [Cave] (There  is some light, water dripping and mosses growing. Torres scans the  rocks then moves a few to reveal a power cable and a flashing light.)  We'll send somebody down here to study it more closely. Right  now we've got to get you back to the ship.  My name is Chakotay. I assure you, we have no hostile intent.    B'Elanna, please.  We'd be glad to take her and leave your territory.  We only came to find some gallicite. We thought this planet  was uninhabited.  It's standard procedure for any mission into unfamiliar  territory.  I'd be glad to tell you all about my people and learn about  yours. There's no need to hold us here for interrogation.  As I said, we didn't know there was anyone down here.  That's something we can help you with.  We can show you how we detected the gallicite, so you can  disguise it better. We can also help you eliminate the last traces of  the ruins on the surface, so no one else will be curious about them.  Yes. I assume the Sakari once lived there.  I can certainly understand your caution, but let us  demonstrate our good faith by helping you protect yourselves. Then  we'll go and never bother you again.  Are you two all right?    Chakotay to Voyager. Please respond. Still nothing.  There must be some kind of communications problem. I'm sure  they'll clear it up soon.  Hold on, Tom. There's not going to be any challenge. Are you  responsible for the ship being out of contact?  Just hold on. Neither of you are thinking straight right now.    You mean let them fight?  All right.  I think there's something you should see, Captain. We found  this as we were clearing away the ruins. Undoubtedly, one of the  invaders who destroyed this colony.  (A skeleton with cybernetic skull and body implants.) 
I'm trying to reach the bridge. Can you patch me through? Neelix?  Well, your enhancements are wreaking havoc with our secondary systems. I don't recall authorising any modifications. I appreciate your initiative, but that's not up to you. Well, I doubt this one's going to change her mind. Good idea. Now how about getting these systems back up again so I can get back to my book. Captain. Ares Four. One of the early Mars missions. The Command module and its pilot were engulfed by a similar phenomenon back in 2032. No one's gotten this close to a graviton ellipse and lived to tell about it. This could be a remarkable opportunity. I suggest we launch a probe. See if we can find out what makes this thing tick. Ares Four was piloted by Lieutenant John Kelly. His ground team, astronauts Rose Kumagawa and Andrei Novakovich, were close to completing their survey mission when Kelly reported an object closing on his position. Then he and the command module disappeared off NASA's LIDAR scopes. Seven, you said the Borg were working on a way to get inside a graviton ellipse. I volunteer. NASA received Kelly's last telemetry at oh nine twenty two hours, October 19th, 2032. The Mars missions paved the way for the exploration of space. Kelly was one of my childhood heroes. That's dedication. The man's life is about to end, but he won't stop taking readings. You think we have it easy? Kelly and Kumagawa, Armstrong and Glenn, they were the real pioneers. I guess you didn't have many role models growing up. We? In that case, welcome aboard. [Sickbay] Full thrusters, Tom. Punch us through. Chakotay to Voyager. We're in. [Bridge] CHAKOTAY Understood. Seven and I can use the time to take some samples, get a better idea of where this anomaly's been. We're not here just to find a module. We've got an opportunity to In that case, let's get started. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] We've speculated about the possibility of metallic lifeforms, but we've never discovered one. This piece of rock is billions of years older than Earth, from a time when the galaxy was still forming. Here. Take it. You're holding a piece of history. Maybe even the beginnings of life itself. It's more likely than you think. This anomaly is as old as anything we've ever encountered. I could spend a lifetime studying the things it's collected. They'd manage. Palaeontology was always my first love. It's the reason I joined Starfleet. My sense of responsibility got in the way. First the Maquis, then Voyager. What I wanted to be always seemed to take a back seat. Do you remember what you wanted to be before you were assimilated? I knew I wanted to be a palaeontologist when I was six. Maybe it's not too late. Those are the ones that stick with you. I'm reading hull breaches and corrosion, but all things considered it's pretty well preserved. We'll use a tractor beam to tow it back to Voyager. [Bridge] We've located the Mars orbiter. We're adapting a tractor beam. [Bridge] CHAKOTAY  Captain? [Bridge]  Is the tractor beam ready? Lock onto the module and take us out. I gave you an order. We're not leaving without that module. Tom! [Bridge] Maintain tractor lock. How long until we clear the anomaly? We can do it. [Bridge]  We're on our way. [Bridge] It feels like I just went ten rounds with an Andorian. The command module? Then we can still salvage it. I can help. You might try drawing power from auxiliary life support. What about the secondary relays? That doesn't leave us many choices. Try rerouting the phaser couplings. Then maybe you can bring me up to date. It doesn't look that way from here. I'm still in command of this mission. I want to know what's going on. Point taken. Now why don't you continue, without the attitude. I made a mistake. I put the mission at risk. Well, if we don't make it out, someone's bound to come looking for us in a few hundred years. Defusing a tense situation with humour, remember? Captain, we can hear you. We've sustained heavy damage, Captain, but we're alive. It's good to hear your voice. [Briefing room] Ironic. You're doing what I've always dreamt of. Remember, when you set foot in that module, you'll be stepping into history. Irrelevant? Do me a favour. When you're over there, download whatever you can from their database. And also take a minute to look around, so you can tell us what it was like. Good luck. [Ares Four Command Module] (No artificial gravity here. Seven wears magnetic boots.)PARIS Can you play them for us? [Ares Four Command Module]  Consider it my last request. [Ares Four Command Module] KELLY  It's amazing. Everyone assumed he was killed instantly. [Ares Four Command Module] KELLY
Captain? What do you think? Before we get ahead of ourselves, let's not forget the Kobali are still out there.  Any sign of the Kobali? The latest tactical reports from Tuvok. What's the problem? Well, kids and disorder usually go hand in hand. Doesn't sound like there's much time for fun. You can't always schedule fun, Seven. Sometimes it needs to be spontaneous. I agree, but not to this extreme. You're treating them like they're still on a Borg Cube. You have all four children functioning as one. They do the same things together at the same time. They're individuals. Maybe they're rebelling because you don't let them express themselves. Sorry, Seven. Permission denied. [Corridor] You don't belong here anymore. Life support's failing on decks six through ten. Whatever we do, we have to do it fast. Stand down, Ensign.
B'Elanna. B'Elanna, wake up. Your duty shift started twenty minutes ago. I tried to reach you on the comm. but you didn't answer. Are you feeling all right? This is the second morning you've been late. I'm not concerned about the duty schedule, B'Elanna. If there's something wrong Ah, you mean fine like when you insisted on finishing the hoverball championship with a broken ankle? Intensely bad? So they're enjoyable. Stimulating. I don't suppose you've been dreaming about anyone in particular? One of our passengers? I'm sure. So I assume I won't have to write up a report on your chronic oversleeping? I know. You'll rip my heart out and eat it raw. Your secret's safe with me. [Corridor] (In smart casual wear, coming out of the turbolift.) Actually, I think she might have gone to bed early tonight. [B'Elanna's dream - Bedroom] (Korenna is getting a lecture from her father.) Can you get it done before we drop off the Enarans? Is there something else on your mind? In what way? B'Elanna It sounds like a holonovel. It can't be a coincidence that this is going on while we have a group of telepaths on board. Why don't you ask your friend in Engineering. I'll talk to the Captain. She should know anything that might involve our guests. And you have evidence that she was murdered?
Good news and bad. We have located an M class planet, and it shows high amino acid and protein readings. It's a full day out of our way. And our long range sensors can't confirm any plant life on the surface. It's one strange planet, Captain. It's shrouded. Vapours cover it like a curtain. EM disturbances all over the atmosphere. The people in Stellar Cartography have already nicknamed it Planet Hell. Captain, I don't know what we'll find when we get to the surface. Flora or fauna, friend or foe. High levels of trigemic vapours, but it should still support humanoid life. Could you provide some sort of skin protection that might help? I'll have Mister Kim take a look. [Mess hall] How occasional, and how long would they last? Bridge to Torres. B'Elanna, our shuttle's in trouble. Any progress on modifying the transporter? [Transporter room] Or something on it. [Cave] (Neelix and Paris go further into the cave complex.) Where does that leave us with the transporter? So there's no way to know how close they'll be to the window when it opens. Are you going to be able to warn us before the window closes again? A covariant phaser pulse into their aft control systems might disable their entire weapons array. Shields at eighty percent. They couldn't be preparing to ram us, could they? Understood. Aye, Captain. [Outside the cave] (Paris scratches while Neelix paces.)
We've completed long range scans. If we maintain our present course we'll enter a region of heavy tetryon radiation within two days. A three month detour. Source? Localise them. Seal off the deck. Go ahead. [Corridor] JANEWAY Acknowledged. [Mess hall] Neelix, get down! (Neelix duck and Chakotay fires. The two Voth become visible. Veer fires a dart into Chakotay's shoulder, who collapses. Tuvok stuns Veer. Gegen goes to Chakotay and beams out with him.) [Sickbay] Chakotay to Voyager. What do you want from me? Why did you invade our ship? Do you always harpoon the local wildlife? So you took me instead. That's right. Earth. Who are you? Look, drop the forcefield and tell me what's going on. Then maybe we can make first contact in a civilized way. For what it's worth I'm a scientist, too. Maybe I can help you find whatever it is you're looking for. I won't bite. Thanks. My name's Chakotay. All right, Gegen, let's talk about Earth. [Sickbay] If a saurian species had developed a language and technology, you'd think they would have left something behind. But, what if it evolved on am isolated continent? Earth has been devastated by countless natural disasters over the course of it's history. Asteroids, volcanoes, earthquakes. All evidence of your race could be at the bottom of the ocean or under kilometres of rock. And ended up here, in the Delta Quadrant. Next time you might try a simple hello first. I hope I've made a good impression. Well I suggest we get back to Voyager. Your friend Veer is probably sick of the mammalian food by now. Why not? Tell them we'll be late. What are you going to do? That might be difficult with the evidence standing right beside you. They've taken my ship. It sounds to me like we're all on trial here. If I may speak? Voyager's database contains a complete fossil record of my planet. Your genetic markers appear not only in humans but in hundreds of species throughout our history. That's a lot of random convergence. If you'd take a look at the data Gegen! It's you who are mistaken, Minister. You accuse Gegen of having his objectivity clouded by wishful thinking, but aren't you guilty of the same charge? I understand, but in a way your beliefs are. How you think about yourselves, your place in the universe, that is on trial. And this isn't the first time. I've had the opportunity over the last few days to learn something about your culture, your great accomplishments. Consider the breakthrough into Transwarp, an incredible achievement, and yet, your ancient Doctrine predicted terrible disasters if it were even attempted. That held your race back for millennia, until someone took a chance and challenged that prediction. They succeeded, and your society entered a new chapter of exploration, and your Doctrine was changed accordingly. I know from the history of my own planet that change is difficult. New ideas are often greeted with scepticism, even fear. But sometimes those ideas are accepted, and when they are progress is made. Eyes are opened. I see something very different, Minister. An ancient race of Saurians, probably the first intelligent life on Earth, surrounded by some of the most terrifying creatures that ever lived. And yet they thrived, developed language and culture and technology. And when the planet was threatened with disaster, they boldly launched themselves into space, crossed what must have seemed like unimaginable distances, facing the unknown every day. But somehow they stayed together, kept going, with the same courage that had served them before, until they reached this quadrant, where they laid the foundation of what has become the great Voth culture. Deny that past, and you deny the struggle and achievements of your ancestors. Deny your origins on Earth, and you deny your true heritage. I'm sorry. You were courageous, just as the Voth have always been from the first time they left Earth. There's something else I hope you never forget. (He gives Gegen a small globe of Earth.) Some day. Eyes open. Chakotay to Voyager. Energise. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Captain, Ambassador Liria is hailing us. I'm sure the same could be said of anyone who was near the explosion. It's hardly enough evidence for a conviction. Aye, Captain. [Paris' hovel]  There's no indication they followed us. Our long range scans indicate that Liria was right. There's no trilithium in this sector.  We're in hailing range of the Akritirian freighter, Captain. I guess you're not the only captain who doesn't want their ship boarded. So much for negotiating.
At ease. I'm just passing through. Looks like you found a creative approach. (Chakotay opens a case.) Don't worry, your secret's safe, as long as you keep mine. (Chakotay takes a slim bottle from the case.) Antarian cider. Not the replicated stuff. There are only a couple of bottles left and I don't want Mister Neelix getting his hands on them. Officer-level thinking, Icheb. Would you mind? Let me guess. You burned the roast again. I didn't realise replicators held grudges. (He hands her a glass of cider.) I just left Icheb and Naomi assembling a jigsaw puzzle in the Cargo Bay. In a few years, he may be running the ship. I'd better get down there.(Janeway goes into the turbolift.) [Astrometrics lab] What happened? Temporal flux? What about the rest of the crew? No other casualties? I don't think so. We ran into some sort of anomaly. Leaving, and you're going with me. There may be other injured crewmen. (Chakotay picks up a medkit.) Where's your mobile emitter? I'll be back.  Bridge. (A couple of decks up, Chakotay passes through a wibble and the medkit vanishes.) [Bridge - pre-Caretaker]  Harry, what's going on? Kathryn? Maquis? Involved in what? Captain, I know this may be hard to believe but I think I've somehow been thrown seven years into Voyager's past. Check your sensors. See if they're showing any strange temporal readings. Halt turbolift. Engineering. [Engineering - Basics]  Seska! (A Kazon hits Chakotay in the face with his rifle-butt. Later, he wakes up with a nasty cut on his forehead.) How'd you get here? (to himself) That was five years ago. Listen, Seska. There's some kind of temporal anomaly going on here. (She slaps his face.) All right, I'll tell you. I've got a dozen officers with me. We've already locked you out of every key system. In less than an hour, we'll be in control again. I'll need to use that console. It's only me, Doc. If you tell me the stardate. No wonder you didn't know about the mobile emitter. You don't get it for another year. I'm not sure I get it myself, but the ship seems to have been fractured somehow. Different areas seem to exist in different time periods. I'm not sure. On the bridge, it's before Voyager even left the Alpha Quadrant. In Engineering, it's the time when the Kazon took over the ship. Don't worry. So far I'm the only one who can cross from one zone into another. That serum you gave me. It must've made me immune. Normal technology won't pass through the barriers. Can you replicate a chronoton-infused hypospray casing using the same principles you used to make the serum? I have to take some of it with me. If I'm going to put the ship back together again, I need help. [Bridge - pre-Caretaker] The turbolift passed through a temporal barrier. They couldn't get through. If you're willing to hear me out, I can explain. At least partly. Your first Starfleet posting was on the Al-Batani, where you once knocked out power to six decks by misaligning the positronic relays. How's Molly, your Irish Setter? You rescued her from a pound on Taris Seti four. She was the runt of the litter, but you thought she had spunk. You love music, but you never learned to play an instrument. Something you still regret. Because you told me, about three years from now. So you're saying no one on your crew has encountered any of these temporal barriers? If you inject yourself, I can take you down that corridor and show you everything I've said is true. She's right. It's poison, and I'll use it. (He backs them out into the corridor with the hypo at her throat.) [Corridor] Lower your weapon. (Chakotay injects Janeway.)ANDREWS: Captain! (Chakotay steps back through the barrier with Janeway, and they disappear.) He can't hear you. We've moved into a different time frame. You want more proof? It's right down that corridor. You just have to trust me. Stay or go. it's your choice. That's right. Without me, you'll be walking into a future that you know The Astrometrics lab. Harry designed it, or will design it. I realise from your perspective he's new to the job, but he's going to become one of our best people. [Turbolift]  Deck eight. I'm going to be your First Officer. It has temporal sensors that can help us map the ship and tell us how many timeframes we're dealing with. No. We used Borg technology for that. It's a long story. I'm detecting an active neurogenic field. This could be the day the telepathic pitcher plant put us all into comas. Or it might be the time aliens invaded our dreams. Don't worry, we managed to get out of both situations. [Astrometrics lab - 2394] ADULT Are you Icheb? The Captain and I haven't risen from the grave. The ship's been fractured into different timeframes. The question is, can we repair the damage? Someone who knows more about temporal mechanics than any of us. Maybe we can find her in another timeframe. Naomi was the first child born on Voyager. A few years later, we rescued Icheb from the Borg. We should get moving. She spent a lot of time there. Regenerating. [Cargo Bay two - Scorpion] This looks like the time you forged a temporary alliance with the Borg. Captain Janeway, meet Seven of Nine, tertiary adjunct of Unimatrix zero one. Temporal sync with what? Even if we could replicate these conduits, we'd have no way to get them through the temporal barriers. Captain? If it makes you feel any better, you're going to develop quite a knack for dealing with the Borg. We'll run into them on a few occasions. In the middle of the journey of our life, I found myself astray in a dark wood, where the straight road had been lost. Actually, I borrowed your copy. Not yet. Anyway, I agree with Dante. If you always see the road ahead of you, it's not worth the trip. Doctor. The Temporal Prime Directive, remember? Ready? I don't think splitting up's a good idea. As your First Officer, it's my duty to protect you. I know a lot more about what's out there than you do, and we have no way of communicating if something goes wrong. It may take a little longer, but we should go together. We'll suffer casualties like any other starship. But you'll also gain new crewmen as well. Our crews will be forced to work together after we get stranded. Are you sure you want to know? (They each take a vial from their ammo belt and put it into a hypospray, then inject the gel packs. A macrovirus from Macrocosm comes around the A macrovirus. They infected the ship a few years ago. You once told me that Starfleet captains don't choose their missions, the missions choose them. You're going to have the opportunity to study things no human has ever seen before. It's called black and white. It's one of Tom Paris' Holodeck programmes. He based it on some old science fiction serials. Captain Proton's rocketpack. The Saviour of the Universe. That's why we love having him around. The access port should be in there. (The cave turns out to be Chaotica's secret laboratory. Computer, deactivate programme. Our best bet is to play along. I'm not the one he's in love with. (Chaotica holds up a vial of chrono-serum.) Arachnia. By aliens from the Eighth Dimension. It's a little complicated. Voyager's had an encounter with an anomaly. It's fractured the ship into different time periods. Try to understand. I'm from a time period in your future when all of us will be working together. B'Elanna, I've never lied to you before, and I'm not lying now.(Chakotay injects the gel packs.) [Corridor] She was angry. You had good reasons for doing what you did. You were trying to save lives. An alien culture. The Ocampans. It isn't like you to second-guess yourself. There isn't time to explain. I'm afraid that isn't possible right now. Do the best you can. There's an access panel in the galley. (Chakotay does the injection.) All done here.  Deck eleven. What are you talking about? What do you have in mind? Captain. Halt turbolift. Seven's plan is dangerous enough. Trying to alter it is too risky. If Seven's idea works, Tuvok and the other crewman will be fine. What about the Temporal Prime Directive? With all due respect, it's a little presumptuous to think you have the right to change everyone's future. All you've seen are bits and pieces. You're not getting the whole picture. It's not what, it's who. People like Seven of Nine, a Borg Drone who'll become a member of this crew after you help her recover her humanity. Or Tom Paris, a former convict, who'll be our pilot, chief medic, and husband to B'Elanna Torres. She's going to be your Chief Engineer. Two crews, Maquis and Starfleet, are going to become one. And they'll make as big a mark on the Delta Quadrant as it'll make on them by protecting people like the Ocampans, curing diseases, encouraging peace. Children like Naomi and Icheb are going to grow up on this ship and call it home. And we'll all be following a Captain who sets a course for Earth, and never stops believing that we'll get there. Don't worry, you'll always get the last word. She was a member of my crew, who turned out to be a Cardassian spy. She made an alliance with the Kazon and took over the ship. It's all right, we got it back. I suggest we take a page from your rule book. We try diplomacy. Something tells me you already have one. [Engineering - Basics]  We've already injected the gel packs in the other timeframes. That just leaves the ones here. It's in both our interests to work together. I'm glad you're cooperating. What's that? What are you doing? That's not possible. If you make even the slightest miscalculation you'll destroy the ship and kill everyone. Sorry, that's not the future I have in mind. It's too dangerous. There are too many variables. I'm telling you, you're endangering your own life. I won't do that. Now drop your weapons. They're ready. Will I have to break the Temporal Prime Directive to answer it? Let's just say there are some barriers we never cross. (They shake hands.) Have you ever heard of a lightning rod? In about three seconds, we're going to need one. [Bridge] Actually, I ordered her to do it. Trust me, it was better than the alternative. I can't tell you. The Temporal Prime Directive. B'Elanna's already got a team working on repairs. What do you say we finish our dinner? [Janeway's quarters] Good timing. We've been down this road before. You wanting answers to questions you shouldn't ask. Sounds a lot like the future. Only that in a few minutes this bottle will be empty. How do you know that's where I keep it? Why not?
Tuvok? Boarded? For what reason? We could use some clever suggestions about now. How radiogenic? If we route enough power to the shields we can survive in that, but maybe our friends can't. The alien ships? I thought you said this planet was uninhabited. Circling like vultures. Not if they find a way to adapt their shields and come down after us. After nine hundred years? You're going down there? Six Turei vessels are in orbit, all firing plasma charges. We have the same problem. Our torpedoes won't lock on. The other ships are retreating. What do you propose? An old Greek myth. After a dragon was killed in a war, its teeth were spread out over the battlefield. They took root and warriors sprung from the ground to continue the fighting. Captain's log, supplemental. We've revived nearly two hundred of the Vaadwaur and we're moving forward with our unexpected alliance. [Astrometrics lab] If Mister Neelix is right, we should be ready for anything. Their technology may be outdated, but it can still do a lot of damage. Are we still proceeding at oh six hundred hours? Report! What altitude do we need on this planet, Tom, before we can go to warp? They've launched another thirty nine vessels. We have access to one of their surveillance satellites. We could use it to transmit their vital coordinates to you.  Six Vaadwaur ships were just destroyed by the Turei. The others are breaking off their attack. None. Looks like the Vaadwaur have their hands full.
Aye, Captain. I know he's been doing research. I'll check with him. Good idea. Yes. Of course. Captain, you've trained your crew well. We'll be able to do without you for a few days. In the meantime, we're continuing diagnostics on all ship's systems. There's a reason for what's happening to you, and we're not stopping until we find it. Call me if there's anything I can do. Yes, ma'am. (Chakotay leaves.) That must be our welcoming party. On screen. She's not available right now. I'm Commander Chakotay, the First Officer. I can speak for her. I understand, but she's not able to come to the Bridge now. And in her absence, our protocols allow me to assume her place. Our request is the same. We'd like permission to cross through your space. We'll do it as quickly as possible. I'm not sure why that information is necessary. I don't know how to convince you, but we're a peaceful people. If you doubt us (The viewscreen image dissolves in static.) What happened? Reverse course, Mister Paris. Evasive manoeuvre gamma five. (Bang!) Report! Get the weapons online. Return fire. There's no crew? Return fire, Tuvok. Get us out of here, Paris. All stop. On screen.  How's it going down here? It's the same all over the ship. On my way here, I must have seen fifty people just sitting, staring. I think we should take an escape pod. We passed an M Class planet yesterday. The pod should get us there in a week. We can try to get help. It may be our only hope. If we stay here, we'll end up like the others. Do I have to give you an order? I want you with me. I'm the Chakotay you want me to be. The one who loves you. This is what you want, isn't it? The secret you've been keeping? You want us to be together. (he kisses her) And we can be. [Torres' quarters] (Chakotay throws Torres down on the bed.) I want you. I've always wanted you. You feel the same way too.
Are you saying we're lost, Ensign? Lost as in you can't get a fix on our position. Try hailing Voyager again. Then we'll just have to navigate the old-fashioned way. Engage optical scanners. I'm picking up an asteroid field at coordinates one one three mark seven. Record it. Great. We're not only lost, we're flying in circles. (Beeping.) Well, at least someone knows where we are. The signal's coming from the planet surface. Sensor readings are sketchy. I'm detecting about eighty thousand humanoid life forms on the western continent, some rudimentary structures and technology, but no energy signature big enough to be a starship. Try adjusting the bandwidth. This is Commander Chakotay of the Starship Voyager. Please identify yourself. They've identified us as a Federation ship. Whoever they are, they're asking for our help. Launch a message buoy letting Voyager know we've landed in response to a distress call. [Settlement] (Night. Fires burn in makeshift braziers.) I can't pinpoint the source of the transmission. (Four armed figures step out from the metal structures.) I'm Commander Chakotay of the Starship Voyager. We're responding to a distress call. We're looking for whoever it was who asked for our help. You're human. Why did you attack us? What did you do with Kaplan? I've got to get back to my shuttle. How did It's a long story. Why don't you go first. There are other humans here? And the ones who put you in stasis? Why did those people kill Kaplan? We were no threat to them. So those kind of attacks, they go on all the time? I've got to contact my ship. I can help you. It's delicious. No problem. I'm a vegetarian. About sixty seven years, provided we don't find a wormhole or some other faster way of getting back. We'd be missing an incredible opportunity to explore unknown space. Besides, we've made a good life for ourselves on Voyager. I'm sure Captain Janeway would be amenable to take as many of your people with us as we can accommodate. I assumed that's why you sent the distress call. But you were brought here against your will. You just said how dangerous it is. I can understand that, but What about those unfriendly neighbours of yours? I'll come with you. Hello? Anybody there? Riley? (He returns to the controls and finally hits the right ones. Sunlight streams in.) [Settlement] (There are people from many races here, all bald, some missing forearms. Chakotay sees a small group on the far side. One man with a Borg eye implant and cyborg forearm is working on another person with a metal plate at the back of their skull. That person turns around.) Riley? What are you? Are you Borg? You mean you weren't just kidnapped. You were assimilated by the Collective. And then? Why didn't you tell me all this in the first place? You'd been assimilated. You weren't in control of your actions. Would what be safe? Medical applications? This is all very fascinating, but I don't see how it helps me. I see. I thought you said the link was severed. You want to hook up my mind to some Borg collective! I'm not letting anyone implant some neural processor in my brain. Thanks, but I don't think so. I'll take my chances and wait for Voyager. Any sign of Voyager? It's either that or the Happy Hunting Grounds, huh? It was incredible. I heard all of you, your thoughts inside my head, as if they were my thoughts. And I could see myself through your eyes. I saw faces, planets. What were they? I know things about all of them, about you. You like bluebonnets. You used to pick them back home in Texas with a man who carried a walking stick. I know so much about you. I felt that. How long will it last? Yes. Hand me that hyperspanner. There, that should at least get the short range transmitters operational. Now, if we can get the signal amplifiers online. Well, I guess you haven't learned everything about me, have you. You're the ones who saved my life. I was so resistant to being linked. Now I'm almost sorry it's over. Last night when we were still connected, I realised what it is you really want from us. It's more than just supplies and security upgrades. It's a pretty radical concept. Why don't you tell her about it yourself? [Briefing room] I know it sounds extreme, Captain, but I think you should hear her out. What they're asking us to do is reactivate that ship's neuroelectric generator and redirect it toward the planet. If you're asking me whether or not she's sincere, I have to say yes. That's an understatement. I heard their thoughts, felt their feelings, saw through their eyes. No. I really care about what happens to these people, so in my heart I'd like to do everything we can to help them. But if I were sitting in your chair, I'd have to take other considerations into account. I'll let Riley know. [Settlement] (Other crew are also on the planet.) I'm afraid her decision was final. What about the raiders? How long do you think you can hold out against them? Come with us. We could replicate some Texas Barbeque. I'm sure it won't compare to your mothers, but I think I've never understood anyone better in my life. You're on. Did you say something? Are you getting a comm. transmission? It must have been my imagination. I'm fine. Don't do that. (Chakotay points a phaser at Torres.) I don't know what to say except I'm sorry. Maybe so. But somehow that doesn't make me feel any better. I helped them repair the communications array, and I told you they were sincere. But I couldn't have been more wrong about them, could I? But they didn't hesitate to impose their collective will on me when it served their interests, did they? I wonder how long their ideals will last in the face of that kind of power. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I know that. Unfortunately, my tricorder's reading them as maple trees. I think the isodyne relays must be malfunctioning. Good idea. Not at all. I don't know. I haven't received my orders yet. I just arrived. A three year tour on the Intrepid. It is. I caught a transport vessel at Deep Space Seven. Let's just say it's good to be back. What about yourself? How long have you been posted here, Mister? Boothby. I've heard of you. And beautiful grounds they are. Thank you. Actually, I was just recording a few images for my friends back home. Would you mind posing for a shot? The one and only Boothby. My friends would be impressed. Depends. What is it? Bloodwine? Never touch the stuff. Excuse me. I was waiting for a friend. Hayek. Jason Hayek. A long one. A Cave Beyond Logic: Vulcan Perspectives on Platonic Thought. Sounds fascinating. Thanks anyway. I can only take small doses of Vulcan philosophy. Temporarily. You first. Where are you from? Starfleet brat. Reverted? Not yet. What about you. Any trouble? Little things? I know what you mean. How could I forget? Not yet. Is that an invitation? We were just discussing Vulcan philosophy. I'm afraid not. I'll do my best. Relax, Tuvok. I plan on standing her up. It was worth the risk. She talked about training. These are some kind of aliens learning to pose as humans. I don't know. I didn't get that far. Sorry. We didn't realise. Listen, Ensign, we're late for a meeting with Starfleet Command. The debriefing will have to wait. Very well. (Gentry turns with Chakotay, and Tuvok neck-pinches him from behind.) Chakotay to Paris, three to beam up. I'll explain later. [Delta Flyer] One of Starfleet's finest. Take us to Voyager. You can drop the charade. We know you're not human. We've disabled your comm. badge. (Gentry knocks the EMH's hand aside and leaps off the biobed.) Federation Council, Astrophysics, Starfleet Medical complex. They even re-created the Officers' Club, the Quantum Café. Or they've been to San Francisco. In the meantime, I've got a date to keep. I made contact with one of them, Commander Valerie Archer. Maybe I can capitalise on the relationship. Get a better idea of what they're planning. Just planning my big night out. I was never very good with chopsticks. The orders that brought us together. Before today? March 3rd, 2368. The day I resigned my commission. I can still remember the look on the Admiral's face. Nimembeh. That's right. Tactical Analysis. Kathryn, you think I might be one of them. You're testing me. True. Why don't you have Tuvok meet us in Sickbay. The Doctor can perform a microcellular analysis. You could have just asked me to report to Sickbay. Not taking any chances, are you? That's a relief. And Tuvok? Right. I don't want to be late. Yes, ma'am. [Delta Flyer] Right. In her human form, anyway. I'll take notes. All stop. Shields up. [Medical lab] Oh? Problems? Congratulations. Oh. So what did Boothby say? Wise words. Do you always seek advice from the groundskeeper? You offered to be my guide. Where's our next stop? I've been accused of trying. Vulcan? Turns out the transporter malfunctioned. My uniform ended up in the pattern buffer. Not entirely. I had my commbadge. So this is where they're putting up officers nowadays. Not bad. I like to stay in control. Something like that. Beyond the Galactic Edge, Humanity's Quest for Infinity. This is a 21st century edition of Hesterman, isn't it? Never read it. Oh? How so. Not at all. Hard to say. I'm fine. Lovely. I should have brought my holo-imager. You make a pretty picture. (They go outside.) No argument there. How soon do you think? Can I be honest with you? I'm starting to wonder if all this is worth the effort. This simulation, our mission. Are we certain the humans pose a threat? That was one incident. That doesn't mean the entire Federation is planning a war against us. I'm not so sure. Before you know it, I'll be sending my resume to the real Starfleet. Well, it's getting late. I'd better go. I have a tactical report to finish before morning. Actually.  Chakotay to Paris. Delta Flyer, respond! (He shoots a man who is running towards him, then runs himself. But soon he is surrounded by humanoid 8472, who grab him and take him away. [Ready room] Species 8472. Origin, fluidic space. One. We detected what looked like a Federation subspace transmission. It took us weeks to track it here. You've got it wrong. We're not planning a war against you. Captain Janeway is not here to launch an attack. She's here to find me. Valerie. Then what is it? You're afraid of us, aren't you. You think we're violent, that we're planning to destroy your species, but none of that's true. If you would take the time to speak to us directly, we could prove it to you. There are no secrets except the secrets that keep themselves. George Bernard Shaw. I saw a copy of his Collected Works on your bookshelf. And he had a point. As long as we keep spying on each other, making assumptions, we probably will go to war. (A klaxon sounds.) They think the Federation is a hostile invasion force out to destroy their species. We should listen to her, Captain. They're being driven by fear just like we are. Unless everything you said on our date was just part of an act. Archer's right. We've got to set aside our preconceptions about each other. Granted, our species didn't meet under the best of circumstances, but maybe we can make first contact again. Maybe this time we'll get it right. Looking forward to going home? No more insomnia. For what it's worth, you made a terrific human. Hmm? You did offer to be my guide. How about a tour of your realm sometime? Well, I'm due back on Voyager. We leave at oh four hundred. You're a quick study. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
How long before it hits? What about the radiation? It'll only get worse. Captain? I thought that was you. (Chakotay is in uniform.) I can see that. I don't believe we've met. Chakotay. You could say that. Thanks, but, er, I'm meeting Neelix at the Ox and Lamb. You two have fun. I just came from Astrometrics. Seven's found an increase in the neutronic gradient at the trailing edge of the wavefront. It's going to be a rough ride when it hits. Don't mention it. Hills most green, hearts unseen. Those hills and hearts wouldn't happen to be in Ireland? I wasn't thinking anything, but now that you mentioned it It's understandable. They've produced great writers for hundreds of years. Not to mention great bartenders. I couldn't help but notice he seemed a little taller than the last time I saw him. In the interest of Irish culture. You seemed embarrassed when I ran into you. There was no reason to be. It was nice to see you having a little fun. I never let that stand in my way. [Holodeck - Sullivan's] Thrusters? How close are we to the perimeter? The deflector beam. We might be able to cut a path through the wavefront. Hull fractures, deck six and seven. Siphon energy from the plasma network. Every last deciwatt.
 This is not my responsibility! She has no right to expect me to I have a duty to this crew. I can't just leave and go looking for the child. Do you think it's a trap? On the other hand, it was time for her to deliver, and that baby we saw did look part Cardassian and part human. Still, the safest thing would be to ignore this message and resume our course. A-koo-chee-moya. We are far from the sacred places of our grandfathers. We are far from the bones of my people. But I ask, on this day of sorrow and uncertainty, that the wisdom of my father find me and help me understand my dilemma. Speak to me, Father. Speak to me in my dreams. I have a son, Father. Yes, but I'm not sure I'm willing to be a father to him. He was born without my consent. I had no part in it. My DNA was taken from me, used by a woman to impregnate herself without my permission. It's more than that. How do you take a child into your heart who is forced upon you by a mother's deception? No. If these ships can fool the Kazon, it's worth it. Uh, excuse me, but there is one more thing. Thank you. [Bridge]  It's not Culluh's ship. Looks more like a shuttle. I know this man. His name's Teirna. He's one of Seska's aides. She had him work me over when I was on their ship. What about the child? We'll be needing your help getting to the Gema system. Under the circumstances, I'd say you don't have much of a choice. [Doctor's office]  What's his prognosis? Polycythemia? I'd like you to run an autonomic response analysis the next time I question him. Have you found anything at all that would cast doubt on his story? I still don't trust him. [Briefing room] We might have more success avoiding him if you gave us the command codes for the Nistrim defence net. Feeling better? You're still not optimistic about our chances, are you? We've had no problem repelling the attacks so far. You still have pride in the Nistrim, don't you, Teirna? Even after what they did to you. I remember that pride in your eyes when you pounded me with your fists while I was tied to a chair. And I can see it in your eyes now, and that scares the hell out of me. Tell me something, Teirna. Every Kazon attack seems to focus on our starboard ventral. Think that might be some kind of pattern? Because if it is, and you've been lying to us Starboard ventral. Stand down Red alert. We barely have time to begin repairs before they attack it again. Why would these factions of Kazon, loyal to no one, all have the same agenda? And why would that agenda focus on a nonessential area of the ship? We can't just stay on this course and wait to see what they have in store for us. Mister Teirna should be restricted to quarters on a secured deck until further notice. Funny how they show up right after we reverse course. They took the bait. I like those odds better than eight to one. Deck eight. Teirna's quarters. Evasive manoeuvres, Mister Paris. Gamma sequence. Navigational array is offline. Intruder alert. Security to decks five through seven. May he grow up never knowing the contempt his father has for his mother. What? Is that what she told you? What's in the Hanon system? A clearing with a protected side like the base of a cliff would be best. That includes anything that can be used as a tool or a weapon. All right, start dividing the crew. Looks like we don't have much daylight left. We'll spread the teams out in a standard alpha search pattern to see what we have to work with. At first glance, it's an M-class planet in a Pliocene stage of evolution. Let me help you. Don't push yourself. That goes for everyone. Perspiring wastes water. (He takes the baby from her. There is a ground tremor. Captain Janeway leads them through a gap in the rocks.) That's all that's left of Hogan's uniform, Captain. We didn't find anything else. I know it sounds grisly, but I can make solar stills with the material from this uniform. We could have water tomorrow. Trapped on a barren planet and you're stuck with the only Indian in the universe who can't start a fire by rubbing two sticks together. I was never good at this as a child and I'm still not good at it. We need kindling of some sort. (He stares at the Captain.) Something my father once told me about starting a fire. (A short time later, all the long-haired crew have had to sacrifice a lock to the cause. Kim gets to cut Janeway's hair.)  There are signs of a struggle near the edge of camp. I found alien tracks. Well, I'm better at tracking than starting fires. This is thoughtful of you Tuvok, but my tribe never used bows and arrows, and I've never even shot one. Are you all right? Have you been able to tell if they have a leader? Listen to the sound of my voice, and you'll know that I mean you no harm. I come without weapons. But I must have my people back. (The chief silences the males and talks to Chakotay.) Thank you, but she should stay with you. I must take them with me. Kes, stand up slowly and walk away with us. (Neelix and Kes walk away as Chakotay faces the chief.) We have to go now. (He follows Kes and Neelix up the slope.) Just keep walking. Don't look back. In there! I know. If they know it too, they won't follow us in. Come on! (He is right.) [Engineering] (Cullah is watching from the top walkway. Seska is on the one below.) Come on. We have to see if there's another way out of here. (Further along, there is a small rock fall after a tremor.)  Which way do you like, Tuvok? All right, let's take it slow. Single file. [Outside the tunnel] (Torres, Ayala and a crewwoman throw rocks at the natives.) Go! [Tunnel] (They run back to the entrance. The serpent follows.) Everybody out! [Outside the tunnel] Go, go, go! [Outside the tunnel] Come on. [Jefferies Tube] KAZON I agree with the Captain. We have to find a way to share this world with them. I don't believe that. (Kes runs out to them.) It's okay. (He puts her over his shoulder and carries her back up to safety. The chief is impressed.)
Binary pulsars. The gravitational forces between them are so intense that everything within fifty million kilometres is getting pulled in. Gamma radiation levels are high, but as long as we're careful I think we can collect some invaluable data. Captain, am I boring you? Here's the plan. We'll circle the pulsars at a distance of eighty million kilometres. Tom, go to ninety. Keep a safe distance. Tuvok, keep our shields at maximum strength. Divert auxiliary power if you need it. I want to take every precaution on this survey. Report any problems immediately, no matter how small. Any theories? Our shields were operating. I don't see how I could have been exposed to it. You should also run scans of my quarters, as well as my office and the bridge. Everywhere I've been today. I may look pretty strange, but my mind is perfectly clear. I'd rather stay busy than just sit here. Thanks. Do you smell something strange? It's not so bad. Your hair. At least you're not losing your eyesight. See that display over there? It's nothing but a blur. Yeah? Well I've got chronic arthritis in my fingers. I could barely keep this glass steady. Got you beat. I can barely walk now. (A crewman brings a woman in with scars on her face.)NEELIX: Lieutenant, can we help?
There was no need for you to come to the bridge, Captain. I just wanted to alert you to a nebula we've picked up on long range sensors. No way to go but up. There's a nuanka, a period of mourning, that everyone's going through. It's a natural reaction. We talk to animals. It's a Native American tradition. Our own counsellors. We're taught that an animal guide accompanies us through life. Basically, it's what Carl Jung thought he invented when he came up with his active imagination technique in 1932, but we've been doing pretty much the same thing for centuries. Actually, yes. Why do you say that? Thank you. The bear is a very powerful animal. It has great pokattah. But he's not my animal guide. The creature that guides us doesn't define who we are. It merely chooses to be with us. I can't tell you that. It would offend my animal guide if I spoke its name. Actually, it's a female. But yes, she usually guides me very well. It's not quite that simple. If you're interested, I'll be glad to teach you how to contact your animal guide. Whatever they are, they're passing right through our shields. Reversing shield polarity hasn't had any effect. We have a complement of thirty eight photon torpedoes at our disposal, Captain. Ready a photon. Repair crews have degaussed the hull, Captain. My medicine bundle. I've never showed it to anyone before. After what you said this morning, I thought it was important to let you see. Eventually you'll have to assemble your own medicine bundle, but this will allow me to assist you in your quest for a guide. A blackbird's wing. A stone from the river. An akoonah. My ancestors used psychoactive herbs to assist their vision quests. Now they're no longer necessary. Our scientists have found more modern ways to facilitate the search for animal guides. Place your hand on it and concentrate on the stone. A-koo-chee-moy-a. We are far from the sacred places of our grandfathers. We are far from the bones of our people. But perhaps there is one powerful being who will embrace this woman and give her the answers she seeks. Allow your eyes to close. Breath to fuel the light in your belly, and let it expand until the light is everywhere. Prepare yourself to leave this room and this ship, and return to a place where you were the most content and peaceful you have ever been. You can see all around you and hear the sounds of this place. {Beach] (A seabird calls.) B'Elanna's the only one I know who tried to kill her animal guide. The way the barrier was protecting the omicron particles almost suggests we were entering a vital organ. We're very busy up here, Neelix. What do you need? We found out that the nebula is actually a life form and we've got to go back in to repair some damage we did to it. Chakotay out. [Mess Hall] I believe the optical data network is down, Ensign. It seems to be leaving us alone now that we've cut off all propulsion systems. Maybe that's what cues it to respond. If I'm right, we might be able to get back without engaging any engines. We've been reading these swirling energy currents since we first got here. When we thought it was a nebula, we weren't looking for any pattern. We thought they were just random eddies. But now I'm wondering if these currents might be some kind of circulatory system. The life form's regeneration rate is up forty percent, Captain. Looks like it's well on the way to closing that wound. It's called a cue, Captain.
Take a look at the transkinetic vector. It looks like a wormhole but we're detecting massive bioplasmic activity. Erratic. We should launch a probe. Lucky our deuterium shortage is no longer an issue. He's right. No subspatial contortions, no temporal variance. Letter number two. I'm getting jealous. A full pardon and reinstatement to Starfleet. I've even been offered a professorship in anthropology at the Academy. Don't worry, it's only part time. You'll do fine. [Cargo Bay two]  We've just entered visual range. I thought you'd like to take a look. We're starting to get images from the other side. How long until we reach the wormhole? All hands, this is the bridge. Secure all systems. I'm afraid I have some troubling news. Evidently, our wormhole passes through a layer of subspace monitored by the Borg. Starfleet's concerned that your neural transceiver might attract some unwanted attention. We need to deactivate your implants. Unfortunately, he's offline. Try to relax. We're only going to keep you in stasis until we've reached the Alpha Quadrant. I realize the prospect of returning to Earth is frightening to you. It's perfectly natural for you to resist the unknown. But you're in good hands. Resistance is futile. [Bridge] A couple of hours to be on the safe side. (Seven sets up a forcefield and walks through it.)CHAKOTAY: Security alert!  Naomi, go back to your quarters. Naomi. Naomi, I'm giving you a direct order. Step away from the console. [Bridge]
Starfleet Command must be using them just like we did. Last time we used one of those stations the people who build it weren't too happy. Starfleet found a stable wormhole to the Gamma Quadrant. Maybe they've discovered one that leads here. Probably. But I can see where it might make things more difficult for some. I'd guess a lot of people had given up on us, done their mourning, gone on with their lives, found some kind of resolution. Now they get word that we're alive, but so far away that we might as well be dead. Source? It would have to have an incredibly powerful energy source. Scan for lifeforms. Oh, that's good news. (The shaking starts.)CHAKOTAY: Here we go again. That someone's managed to contain a singularity and construct a space station around it and tap it's power. That's fascinating. All right, Tom, back us off. Bridge to Janeway. We're as close as we're going to be able to get. An old friend. The person who recruited me into the Maquis. Maybe I'll read this in private. Tom, you have the bridge. Have you gotten a letter yet? Do you remember Sveta? I got one from her. Something terrible has happened. I read that letter for an hour before I could accept it. Now I have to tell everyone else and I'm not sure how to do it. It's over, B'Elanna. There are no more Maquis. (For details, click the link to read  DS9 Blaze of Glory) All wiped out. It seems the Cardassians have an ally, a species from the Gamma Quadrant who supplied them with ships and weapons. Just about. Sveta and a few lucky ones are in prison. B'Elanna. Those are the risks we all took. We all knew where it could lead. Looks like Tuvok and Seven pulled it off. The containment field has stabilised quite a bit. B'Elanna says she'd downloading the letters much more easily now. We don't have the shuttle on sensors yet, but they should be back soon. It's amazing to me is that someone a hundred thousand years ago was harvesting microsingularities. No, thanks. You haven't mentioned your letter. Who was it from? How do you feel about that? The other three ships are closing. They're within six thousand kilometres. If the field is too strong, we won't be able to beam Tuvok and Seven aboard. Antithoron system is online. It's working. Their weapons are destabilising the containment field. Captain, the ship with Tuvok and Seven is still being pulled in. The tractor beam is weakening. We're going to lose them. Tractor beam's almost gone, Captain. We're losing this tug of war. The tractor beam collapsed. That ship is headed into the black hole. Structural integrity's failing. The hull is starting to buckle. Repair teams have inspected the ship from stem to stern. Except for some maintenance that's needed on the warp coils, everything seems fine. Thanks. Two sugars. You know, you drink too much of that stuff. If I'm not mistaken that's your third cup this morning. Neelix is putting together an impromptu party. He thought it might cheer them up. As soon as he can get people together. How are you doing? You'd say that if you'd just had your legs torn off by a Traykan Beast. Look what you've been through in the last few days. We finally make a connection with home and then it's ripped away from us. We manage to make another enemy who's going to try and hunt us down and destroy us, and on top of that You don't have that safety net any more. You're hardly alone, and to my way of thinking, there's still plenty of time.
Neelix. I know you have your hands full this evening, but I could use your help. We're approaching a class one nebula. Sensors are picking up traces of protomatter inside. I understand you've dealt with it before? We could use your expertise in collecting a sample. We're leaving at fourteen hundred hours. See you in the shuttlebay? Neelix? Energising. (Energy flares from the pillar of gas in the nebula. One hits the shuttlecraft.)CHAKOTAY: What happened? Disengage transport. We're clear of the protomatter. How's Neelix? Try a cortical stimulator. Set the stimulator for an autonomic bypass. At least we can get his vitals going. We're running into more protomatter. I need your help. Captain's log, stardate 51449.2. After receiving a distress call from Commander Chakotay, we've sent a beacon into the nebula and we're in the process of tracking down the away team. [Bridge] Nobody could have predicted this, Tom. I'll inform the crew. It's been eighteen hours. Neelix wasn't a Borg drone. Good. How are you coming? Good work. I'll be in holodeck two. I've created a simulation of the shuttle accident, to see if there's anything we've overlooked. [Corridor] If you're feeling up to it. I've programmed the simulation to start when we found the protomatter. Why don't you monitor the containment field readings? Computer, display shuttle crew excluding myself and begin programme. Computer, freeze programme. Looks like there was a problem with the pattern buffer. It might have created a feedback loop along the transporter beam. Let's keep an eye on it. See what happened at the moment of impact. Computer, resume programme. What? Forest? Maybe we pulled you back before any of that could happen. You can't be certain of that. Don't throw away a lifetime of faith because of one anomalous incident. Death is still the greatest mystery there is. Computer, delete characters. You all right? If you ever want to talk, you know where to find me. The akoonah. That's right. All right. But I want you to understand, the vision quest isn't a quick fix. It'll take time to interpret the images, and there's no guarantee you'll find what you're looking for. You'll need a medicine bundle. Items that define you. Things that will ground you, allow you to take the journey into yourself. It'll do fine. Now place your hand on the akoonah. Try to relax. Clear your mind of everything but the objects before you. Focus on them. Nothing else exists. A-koo-chee-moya. We are far from the sacred places of our grandfathers. We are far from the bones of our people. We come here seeking guidance. It's time, Neelix. Try to leave this room, this ship, and go to a place where you were the most peaceful and content you have ever been. That's where your journey will begin. [Vision Quest - Mess hall] It's a lie. You're not holding up your end of the bargain. When you asked me to guide you on a vision quest, I agreed. But I also told you it was part of an ongoing process. We're supposed You've only lived with the visions for a couple of days. That's not enough time to draw any conclusions. You've got to reflect on the images, examine them. Allow them to stay alive in your mind. A vision quest isn't just a dream you dismiss after your first cup of coffee. Good. I get off duty at fourteen hundred hours. Meet me in my quarters and we'll begin. That's an order. What are you trying to do? You belong here, Neelix. Neelix. You told me you were at peace. What really happened in your vision quest? What did you see? I'm sure those were powerful images, but there are many ways to interpret them. You may be coming face to face with your own fear of death. Or the manifestation of your emotional crisis. Your deepest beliefs have been thrown into doubt. It's only natural the vision quest would reflect that. I understand that this can change how you look at things, but it can also lead to an even stronger faith. You don't know. You're not there yet. Answer her! You're being called back to your life again, Neelix. Don't turn your back on it. We're your family now. It is for us. His function on this crew is diverse. That's what Seven of Nine said about you. Even our Borg understands how important you are on this ship. It's not just the duties you perform, it's the way you make people feel when you're around. I don't think he is. (Wildman enters.) That little girl needs you, Neelix. Monsters in the replicator? Who else on this ship can handle that? (Neelix thinks about it, then turns off his tricorder and hands it to Chakotay.)
Incredible. Captain, you've been on the Bridge for fourteen straight hours. Don't you think you deserve a little rest? Harry and I will get to work on the astrometric analysis, and we'll give you a full report in the morning.  I thought you were going to get some sleep.  Acknowledged. What did he want? [Janeway's quarters]  Captain? [Janeway's quarters] I've got those carbon conversion readings from the supernova. Have you heard anything more from Q? I was wondering just what just what you meant when you said he made a personal request. I see. Maybe. I know I don't have any right to feel this way, but this bothers the hell out of me. Any more questions? You're not going to believe this, Captain, but another star in this cluster just went supernova. It's point oh two light years from our current position. Sixteen seconds to impact. I'm not sure if the shields will hold. All hands, brace for impact. (Whumph! Voyager tumbles backwards.)  [Q Continuum - Colonial Manor House] (In period costume.) Report. (to Female Q) I want to know what's going on here. Where's Captain Janeway? I don't think you can. I don't know how or why, but something's affected your powers. Otherwise, you wouldn't still be here and you wouldn't have a bruise on your forehead. Now start talking before I hurl you into the brig. [Briefing room]  And it's the war in the Continuum that's causing the supernovas? How were Q and Captain Janeway able to re-enter the Continuum and you weren't? Look, we want our Captain back, and you obviously want to get home. Why don't we help each other? There's got to be some way to get back to the Continuum besides snapping your fingers. What is it, Harry? Yes, but in one piece. So Voyager will be pulled in too. He does have a point. Does this make any sense to you at all, B'Elanna? [Engineering]  Maintain your course. B'Elanna, take warp drive offline, remodulate the shields, and get ready to emit the antiprotons. [Engineering]  Antiprotons now, B'Elanna. [Q Continuum - Confederate Colonel's tent] COLONEL Harry, get to the Captain! (The female Q, in crinolines, goes too.) Aye, Captain.
We all know that wouldn't do any good. We're venting plasma. He's gone. Computer, run Diplomacy scenario twelve alpha. After you. Computer, freeze programme. I assume you're familiar with these species? They're fighting over the mining rights to a planetoid. Your job is to settle the dispute. One of your responsibilities as a Q is to maintain order in the universe, right? Well, if you can't help these races come to an agreement, there might be a war. The Alpha Quadrant would be thrown into chaos. Why don't we try running the first scenario together? If you want to try, be my guest. I'll be back in thirty minutes to check on your progress. And remember, security is right outside. (Chakotay leaves.) He says he doesn't need supervision. Of course not. I'm just giving him a chance to fail. Then he'll have to ask for some help.
What's the problem? Source? I have no idea. My command codes aren't working. The computer says I have insufficient clearance to access the message. We can't function like this. I'm going to get Harry up here to trace the source. (Janeway enters from her ready room.) Captain, what's going on? I've been informed this is a highly classified mission. Information will be provided on a need-to-know basis. Captain's orders. Like I said. Need to know. B'Elanna, she wants you to install multiphasic shielding around the warp core. No time. She needs this done by eleven hundred hours. Make it possible. I don't know any more than you do. The data you've got will have to do. Tom, start modifying a shuttlecraft to withstand extreme thermal stress. Twelve thousand Kelvins, at least. What have you heard? Look, the speculation ends right here. Now, I expect you to carry out your assignments with a minimum of gossip, understood? I know it's hard not to wonder. Frankly, I'm curious myself, but the captain was very adamant about this. Get going. (to Seven) The captain wants to see you. Everything's going according to schedule. Would it be out of line to ask where you're going? I always thought Starfleet was run by duty-crazed bureaucrats, but I find it hard to believe that even they would order a captain to go on a suicide mission. This shuttle excursion is your idea, isn't it? That's expecting a lot. You're asking me to abandon my captain and closest friend without even telling me why. That's a reasonable argument, but you're not always a reasonable woman. You're determined to protect this crew, and this time you've taken it too far. A dangerous mission? Fine, I'll acknowledge that, but isn't it more likely to succeed with everyone behind you, working together? My obligation. That's where you're wrong. Voyager may be alone out here, but you're not. Let us help you. We'll keep classified information limited to the senior staff. We'll take every security precaution. Just don't try to do this alone. We're approaching the coordinates. We've entered a planetary system. There's a pre-warp civilisation on the outermost planet. The source of Omega seems to be further in. How many? You're going with them? Aye, Captain. How's it coming? Good. I'll let the captain know. Not yet. They're still trying to access the primary test chamber. A few. The Doctor's treating them in Sickbay. When in the Collective, Harry, adapt.  [Sickbay] Those weren't your orders. The Captain wants Omega eliminated. Show me what you've done. Looks great, in theory, but this is only a simulation. How are you going to test it? Bad idea. One mistake, and no one will be around for a second try. Someday, maybe. Hang on to your research. For now, we stick to the plan. Stand by to transport the molecules into this chamber and neutralise them as ordered. Why is this so important to you? Like the Borg. That's right. I'd pursue it, with all my heart. I think I do. I'll inform the captain of your discovery. For now, her orders stand. Bridge to Janeway. We've detected two ships on an intercept course. They're not responding to hails. Understood. Bridge to  [Cargo Bay two] Cargo bay. Seven, get ready.  [Bridge] We'll have to do this quickly.  [Cargo Bay two] We don't have a choice.  [Bridge] The alien ships are on their way.  [Cargo Bay two] Then we'll only get one shot at this. Take us in. Transporter status? Captain, are you ready?  [Laboratory] Initiating transport.  [Cargo Bay two] Get us out of here, maximum impulse. How far away are those ships? We're heading into an area of open space. No indications of life or any kind of technology. We can carry out the procedure with no risk to anyone else. How soon can we clear the subspace ruptures and go to warp? Captain, we might have another problem. She's convinced she can stabilise Omega. While you were on the surface, she showed me a pretty convincing simulation of how it could be done. Chakotay here. Understood. Adjust shields to compensate. On screen. I can't do that. Your people are safe. They're receiving medical care. I'll be glad to get them back to you when this is over. But we're keeping the molecules. You'll destabilise the molecules. We'll both be destroyed. I'm sorry. That's not possible. (Transmission ends. The ships start firing.) Evasive manoeuvres. Try to shake them off.  [Cargo Bay two] Acknowledged. (An alarm sounds.) Tom, are we clear of the subspace ruptures? I need maximum warp within ten seconds or we'll be stuck at ground zero. Fire! (The torpedo hits the chamber and it explodes into purple.)PARIS: We made it. We're at warp one. (Janeway and Seven enter.)
We're on a course for the class Y cluster. We should be there in about three days. Ship's status report. Depends on how big the pieces are. So, did she exist? Did she work on the Millennium Gate? What about all the opposition you spoke of? You said she fought to get the project underway. Henry Janeway. Don't be too hard on her. She may not have known she was supposed to live up to your expectations. I think he's onto something, Captain. An evening of reflection in honour of those who came before. If it weren't for Shannon O'Donnel, you never would have joined Starfleet.
In the last three hours we've lost twenty two of our people. According to the Nyrians, they've all showed up on their colony as though we're switching places. Any idea what might be causing these transfers? In all fairness, Captain, they haven't been threatening in any way. They seem as puzzled by all this as we are. Cargo Bay two is almost full. We'll have to start converting the shuttle bays. I'll have to reassign more crewmembers to security. Our ranks are getting a little thin. Then how do we get it unsnagged? I think he's in Cargo Bay two now. Chakotay to Neelix. The Captain's gone. We need you to find a Nyrian scientist called Rislan and get him to Engineering as soon as you can. Do what you have to do to get some answers, B'Elanna. [Cargo Bay two] I can't spare anyone for repairs. You'll have to make do. How do you like your first day as Chief of Security, Ensign? Who says there's no room for advancement on this ship. How many people does that leave us? More than one hundred Nyrians. I want access to all systems restricted to authorised voice prints only. Seal off any part of the ship that we're not using and place security forcefields around sensitive areas. Warp core, armoury, torpedo bays. And let's hope I'm just being paranoid. [Engineering] What, all thirteen of them? What about the Nyrian scientist he was watching? Find him. That's a priority. To have a talk with the Nyrians. [Cargo Bay two] (The cargo bay is empty of life.) Chakotay to all hands. Security alert. The Nyrians may be trying to take control of the ship. Everyone, get to the bridge or main Engineering and secure them against possible intruders. [Jefferies tube] They're everywhere. They're even decrypting our access codes. The Nyrians obviously prepared for this before they got here. They must have tapped into our computer somehow, gotten enough information to plan this mission down to the letter. (Chakotay suddenly realises he is talking to himself.) Larsen? Chakotay to anybody who's left. Please respond. Anybody else? The two of us aren't going to win this, so we might as well make life as difficult for the Nyrians as we can. Sabotage everything you can get your hands on. Good luck. [Bridge] Let's hope so. Chakotay to Gennaro. They're trying to delete the Doctor's programme. Are you anywhere near Sickbay? Gennaro? Computer, how long ago did Crewman Gennaro leave the ship? Activate Emergency Medical Holographic programme. Doctor, over here. You're program's going to be deleted unless I can download you into the mobile emitter before I disappear, which should be any second now. (The Nyrians start to force open the door. The EMH hypos the first one, blocking the door.) Got it! (The EMH vanishes. Chakotay palms the mobile emitter as the other Nyrians enter.) All right. I know when to quit. [Habitat] Is this the way you operate, gradually changing places with the crew of a ship? What happens if we try to leave this little paradise? It's still a prison. A perfectly isolated area. Doesn't that seem a bit convenient? You're assuming the first one will work. I've got to give you credit, Tuvok, working on the fly with nothing but random parts, with no guide to follow. I never thought Vulcans had much of a knack for improvising. You could say that. This reminds me of those survival classes they put us through at the Academy. Surprise tactical simulations, getting dropped off in the woods with no chance to prepare. They certainly taught you to live by your wits. I guess so.
The vultures are circling. Aye, Captain. Are you all right, Lieutenant?  So how are you feeling this morning? I didn't ask because I'm concerned about your ability to perform, I'm concerned about you. Sorry I asked. Maybe you should try to forget about it for a while. I've found that when you don't think about a problem, sometimes the solution comes to you. [Engineering] Good point. Mister Kim? Anything unusual about the nebula itself? Cloaked ships? Maybe you should go back to Sickbay. Tuvok? (Tuvok is back at the cliff.)
I haven't seen many weapons that could do that kind of damage to a duritanium hull. Continuous scans, Lieutenant. We don't want whoever did this to catch us by surprise. [Engineering] Afraid so. Probably the same way we did. Originally the Cardassians sent this thing to destroy a Maquis munitions base. We nicknamed it Dreadnought. It's a self-guided tactical missile carrying a charge of a thousand kilos of matter and another thousand of antimatter. We didn't. It got through all our defences. Worked like it was supposed to except for one minor detail. It didn't go off. The missile skipped off into the atmosphere and quietly went into orbit. And we gave it a new mission. To destroy the Cardassian fuel depot on Aschelan Five. But it never made it out of the Badlands. We thought it had been destroyed in one of the plasma storms. Lieutenant. I expect everyone to show up for meetings on time and properly dressed. (Paris nearly says something, then changes his mind.) On screen. It's not supposed to do that until it's locked onto it's final target. The planet is Class M. I'm reading several heavily populated areas. [Secret location] The Dreadnought's quantum torpedoes could be modified to be compatible with our launchers. We should also download some files from the computer core. We're back on a heading to Rakosa Five. At this rate it'll reach the planet in fifty one hours. (Later.) Torres programmed the missile's shields to adjust to all known weapons, even Starfleet's. It must have scanned our weapons, adapted its shields. To work, it would take more energy than all of our photons put together. I'm not leaving you on the ship. Everyone except senior officers, with me. (Chakotay leaves.)
Power fluctuations on deck six, Captain. Mister Tuvok is investigating. It might be possible to switch over some systems to conventional isolinear circuits. Dalby's always been pretty aggressive. My guess is the man's frustrated. He's not used to dealing with Starfleet protocol and procedures. What do you suggest? Dragging him in front of a disciplinary board? A crash course in Starfleet operations. Field training. Right. Don't worry, Tuvok. I'll tell them to take it easy on you. [Cargo bay] You want to give me your version of what happened? I see. Really? And you want to do things the Maquis way? That's the Maquis way too, isn't it? And if you want to keep doing it the Maquis was that's fine with me. We can do that tomorrow, the next day, everyday, until you report to Lieutenant Tuvok. You understand me? What? How does a Starfleet crewman answer a question? Does anyone else have a problem. [Cargo bay] (Tuvok hands out small PADDs.) What about changing over to isolinear circuitry? Engines are only at seventy four percent of maximum. That's not enough for a plasma burst. Engines are at seventy nine percent of maximum. I think we can risk it. Come in, doctor.
Not entirely wrong. These plasma strands we're approaching look ready to ignite. Being moved by an emotion isn't always extraneous. Sometimes it's the whole point. [Tuvok's quarters] (Tuvok is carefully inserting short metal rods into a complex globular construct. The doorbell rings.)  The temperature's five thousand degrees kelvin and rising. There is some kind of unknown process that's been keeping this nebula from going up like a torch. We're going to see it in action. Without causing a chain reaction in the nebula. If we understood how this happened, we might be able to find a new way to contain a warp core breach. The evening's young, Lieutenant. Let's mingle. What's that?  The dampening field only seems to appear when one of the plasma strands ignites, as if the fire itself initiates the field. One that's preserved this nebula for hundreds of years. The nebula could be having an effect on the ship's systems. At this speed, we'll be completely clear of the nebula by tomorrow. Most likely a sentient computer programme. I checked the Starfleet database. This kind of thing has happened before. The Enterprise-D under Picard was once taken over by a holocharacter. (That would be Moriarty.) Could she be trying to keep us near the nebula? Starboard shields are down to eighty percent. She's been using the Marayna character like a puppet.  Shields are down to forty seven percent. (Tuvok arrives in a darkened area. His comm. badge does not work.) Shields are gone.
Can we beam the passengers out through all that radiation? Bridge to Janeway. [Transporter Room one] Block it. Lock on the tractor beam. Target phasers at their engine core, just enough to knock out propulsion. Set a course to follow them. Acknowledged. You wouldn't think it was possible to make those adjustments so quickly. At some point your people must have rebelled. If this was meant to be a trap, why tell us about it? I'll cover you.
Chakotay to Engineering. We're picking up life signs. Is your compass working? That looks a lot like the Caretaker's array. Shields! (Energy pulses, like the ones the Caretaker used to power the Ocampa's underground habitat, fire at Voyager. Boom!) Definitely weapons. Kes, is there any Ocampa history about people who left your planet, or were captured by aliens and taken away? None of that is true. We never attacked anyone except in self defence. Does she occupy our space-time continuum? What's going on? Red alert. Bridge to Janeway. Bridge to Janeway. Increase power to structural reinforcement.
Not yet. We're having some trouble with the transporter. There's no evidence of any type of alien interference. Frankly, Captain, we're at a loss. Captain, I recommend we programme a holodeck simulation. Try recreating the accident. Tuvok said it could take up to ten days to check out all the possible problems. How'd you fix it so fast? There's an old axiom. The whole is never greater than the sum of its parts. I think Tuvix might be disproving that notion. [Planet surface] Best out of five? (Kes enters.) Not at all. (Paris takes Tuvix's cue.) Of course not. I count myself as one of them. Until the Captain makes a decision, Mister Tuvix is still the tactical officer. (Janeway comes out of her Ready room and goes to Tactical.)
That was their last transmission. We haven't been able to raise them since. I guess somebody's going to have to explain why her mother's not back. Try to pinpoint their location. Harry. [Sickbay] Chakotay to Voyager. We've found what looks like a piece of the starboard nacelle. [Bridge] Lifesigns? Maybe we can transport the entire ship to the shuttle bay. Chakotay to Voyager. We think we've found the shuttle, but we need to dig it out. [Bridge] Phaser drills here and here. [Delta Flyer] Just a few more metres and we'll be close enough to beam out the shuttle. How long before the storm hits?
To be honest, it's almost frightening. Up till now, it's all been theory. I never thought it would actually happen. Are we ready for it? Increase sensor gain to maximum. Aye, Captain. [Sickbay] How do we do that?  He used a phaser on the port plasma conduit. We have power failures all over the ship. We're having trouble tracking him. We can't get power to the internal sensors. Tuvok has security teams searching deck by deck. [Corridor] Localise it. Tuvok doesn't have any security in that area. Chakotay to Tuvok. We think Paris may be on deck six. Deploy security to sections twenty one through twenty seven alpha. (Paris gently puts Janeway on the floor of a shuttlecraft, then takes the helm.) What? Tractor beam. Maintain a sensor lock on that shuttle. Engage warp engines. Follow them. Increase speed to match. Are we in tractor range? Reduce sped to warp nine point five. Keep a sensor lock on them as long as you can. Natural? What do we do about it? Go ahead. Acknowledged. Tuvok, have a security team meet us in Transporter room three. [Planet surface] (Night. A pair of giant salamanders are lying on the shore by a river. Tuvok and Chakotay, and two security guards, beam down. The salamanders react to their torches, and Chakotay stuns them.) There are traces of human DNA. It's them. But I have to admit, I'm not sure which one is the Captain. I don't know how I'm going to enter this into the log.
You know, I didn't expect to be this nervous. It's not even my child. Captain? My father had a saying, Captain. Home is wherever you happen to be. Sounds like we're headed right into their territory.  What was that? We have just barely enough. Stand by. I'm having trouble with the alignment module. I've got alignment. Magnetising the hull. (Shudder.) I think it worked. The magnetic field is collapsing. The hull is depolarising! (Bang!) Everybody out! Go, go, go! Hurry, Captain! Captain! Captain, let's go! (Note to There are two Voyagers and two crews? They may be able to do that, but we barely have enough power for life support. How can we get enough to send an energy pulse of that size? Aye, Captain. Can you identify them? Still off-line. [Voyager 2 - Bridge] JANEWAY Maybe they hit the other Voyager. Captain, the Vidiian ship has been destroyed. So has the other Voyager. Captain's log, stardate 49548.7. There are no signs of any pursuing Vidiian vessels, and we have resumed a course toward home. [Sickbay]
Some sort of spatial rift. It opened right in front of us. By whom? Shields up! Hail them again. (Whumph!) Tuvok, divert all available power to the deflector. Send out a high energy polaron pulse. It might help to disrupt his weapon. Captain, if he's telling the truth It doesn't look like we're going to get it. Where are we? (The viewscreen shows a blue planet with white clouds.) We just cut across half the galaxy! The late twentieth century. What about the time ship? Is it here too? Subspace technology shouldn't exist for another hundred years or so. I find it hard to believe a ship from the twenty ninth century could have landed on this beach without being noticed. Well, Kathryn, you got us home. Maybe I should look up a few ancestors. As I recall, one of them was a schoolteacher in Arizona. She does have your legs. No. Some interesting species in this century. [Beach] So much for the timeship. From what we can tell he spends most of his time putting up literature about the end of the world. (Janeway's comm. badge beeps. She takes it out of her pocket.) You were trying to destroy us. And yet we just arrived. Why? Which raises the question, who has your timeship? Maybe we can help you find Starling and your ship, and get us back to where we belong. Now that we know what's going to happen, maybe we can figure out (A police car stops and sounds its siren.) So far, so good. We haven't set off any alarms. I see you never learned to type. Well, this isn't. I'm detecting a forcefield. I can't scan beyond this wall. I don't see an access port or a control panel. Looks like a series of pictographs. They must have used symbols to represent the different functions of the computer. Any every few years there's been an equally revolutionary advance in computers, all from Chronowerx Industries, all based on Starling's crude understanding of twenty ninth century technology. I wish I weren't. Shouldn't have happened. Braxton was right. The ship's going to be launched. You're really getting the hang of this. You know, Captain, in a way Braxton was right. If we hadn't fought him when he tried to destroy Voyager, he wouldn't have been pulled back in time, his ship wouldn't have crash-landed on Earth, and none of this would have happened. Hold on. This looks promising. Try timeship security portal. If you launch that ship and travel to the future, it will destroy Earth's solar system. Inertial dampers are offline. He's gotten into our propulsion systems. Damage reports are coming in. Some minor power fluctuations in the impulse drive and a few burned out circuits in the main computer core. Nothing we can't handle. Starling downloaded nearly twenty percent of our computer core while we were trying to beam the timeship out of his building. Without the exact calibration, that ship will rip the time-space continuum apart. If we risk another pass through the lower atmosphere, there's a chance of getting intercepted by the Air Force. Transporters are online. We should be within range in about ten minutes. You can see the entire Baja Peninsula. I'd forgotten how beautiful the view is from this altitude. I never thought I'd see it again. That's right. My first year at the Academy. Then I went to Venus for a couple of months to learn how to handle atmospheric storms, and then I dodged asteroids for a semester in the belt. Only you, B'Elanna, could start a brawl in Astrotheory 101. I guess so. There are still a few isolated places left in this century. We'd have to keep low profiles. I've thought about pursuing archaeology full time. Maybe I could teach at a university or work on one of the important digs in Central America. There were still a lot of important discoveries to be made in this century. I could win a Nobel prize. What about you? I'd hire you in a second. Let's start our descent. Watch out for birds. [Metro Plaza] Go ahead. Almost. Another two minutes. [Metro Plaza] We've got a lock on Starling's position. Captain, we've got Starling in our transporter buffers but we can't rematerialise him. Aft thrusters are down. [Bridge] The buffers are purged. They've taken Starling off our hands. Propulsion is offline. Voyager, we're going down! [Cellar] (General tools on shelves, with cobwebs over them. Torres and Chakotay are lying on the floor, bound hand and foot. Torres wakes, then two men open the door and walk to the top of the stairs. The leader is carrying a honking big gun.) Who are you? No, just passing by. We are not from the Beast. Just take us to our plane. Listen, I used to think violence could be the solution to a problem, but it's not true. I was a freedom fighter, so I thought. That gun will get you nowhere. (Butch enters with more men.) Doctor, how? Chakotay to Paris. What's your status? [Arizona - highway] There's a temporal transponder, set to give off tachyon signals. Chakotay to Voyager. The timeship's not here, Captain. It was a ruse. Starling's going to launch from a different site. [Chronowerx - Timeship] Mister Paris, stand by. We're bringing you aboard. [Arizona - highway] Status. Doctor, get down there. Ensign Kaplan, go with him. Fate, Tuvok? I won't accept that. Close to within ten kilometres. We'll ram him if we have to. Hail Starling. This is Voyager. Pull away from the rift. Chakotay to Janeway. Captain, we have no other choice. Fire! (Janeway is knocked backwards by the launch gases.) [Timeship] The Bridge is yours, Captain. Yes, unfortunately. Did it work?
 Harry tells me the Flyer took some damage. They sound like people we should avoid. Then we should reverse course and find a way around. You'd think they'd mark their borders a little more clearly. Obviously we're not going to let that happen. Settle? We have to bring the senior staff in on this. We can find a way to evade their ships, or adapt our sensors to their cloaking technology. Kathryn, there's got to be another way. We've found our way out of worse situations. What am I supposed to tell the crew? It's not like you to keep your people in the dark Maybe I misunderstood. I thought the plan was to hand over the core when we reached the planet. Are we taking it somewhere else? (Janeway looks down to her right and whispers.) Captain? Were you going to tell me? Kathryn, what's going on?  Chakotay to the Doctor. Report to Sickbay immediately. (The EMH beams in.) Something wrong with the turbolifts? I'm concerned about the Captain. She doesn't seem to be feeling well. I'm not sure. She went to her quarters with a headache. I was wondering if this could be related to your encounter with the aliens. You tell me. What did they do to her? Did you find anything unusual? I'd like you to give her a more thorough examination. You can be very persuasive, Doctor. Contact me as soon as you're done.  Anything interesting on sensors this morning? If there were a fleet of cloaked ships in the vicinity, could you devise a way to detect them? Source? No, she didn't want to be disturbed. Route the call here. (A reptilian alien appears.)CHAKOTAY: I'm Commander Chakotay of the starship Voyager. We're en route to the planet you specified. We can't jettison the core until we get there. Work with Harry. I want to know the source of that transmission. Did you run a neurological scan? Thank you, Doctor. [Outside Janeway's quarters] I'm concerned. So did I. Something happened on that away mission that you're not telling me. You've consulted me on every major decision over the last seven years, except this one. Why? I understand that, but every instinct tells me what you're doing is wrong. Don't you remember what happened on Lesik Prime? I think you do. Fifteen years ago, you were the lieutenant who was kept in the dark. If you hadn't questioned your captain's orders, the entire away team would have been lost. You never told me that story. I made it up. Chakotay to Tuvok. Do you have any idea where the Flyer is? Go ahead. [Engineering] Computer, pause music. Didn't the Doctor play this at his recital last month? Maybe the recording was damaged by the power loss. Why would he do that? [Briefing room] Try scanning for it. (Long range scan 328) You and Tom take a shuttle. [Overlooker's ship]
I think we get the picture. What is it? You expect us to eat this? I'd find the second best source acceptable if it tasted better. Nothing but bloodworms. Neelix wants to bring some back for a tartar [Bridge] Chakotay out. All units, report to transport site A immediately. [Bridge] Captain. Transporter Room, get ready to begin on my command. Chakotay to Seska. Transporter room, can you locate Ensign Seska's comm. badge signal? If she went inside one, it might be blocking her comm. badge signal. The rest of you get back to the ship. I'm going to look for her. [Cave] (Chakotay hides when he hears voices from deep inside the cave. A pair of Kazon walk past, and Chakotay heads further in. Seska points a phaser at him.) What are you doing here? I appreciate the thought, but we've got to get out of here. (Kazons start shooting at them. Chakotay is hit. Seska deals with their attackers then helps Chakotay out of the cave.) Captain's log, stardate 48658.2. We successfully left orbit without further interference from the Kazon. Commander Chakotay was injured, but is recovering from his wounds. [Chakotay's quarters] Come in. (Seska enters, carrying a covered dish.) Yeah. What have you got there? You got Neelix to make some mushroom soup! So how did you? Mm hmm. You looted the food reserves? I can't believe you did this. Thanks for including me in a criminal conspiracy. Does he know about this yet? Go ahead, Neelix. I know. I promise you, everyone involved will be disciplined. Thank you. I'll handle that. Chakotay out. Replicator privileges revoked for two days. Everyone, including me. Then I'll personally put them in the brig. That's not the point. No one, but we agreed a long time ago this wouldn't work. I'm showing high levels of nucleonic radiation. It seems to be isolated in that area. Away team to Voyager. We've got a single male Kazon alive on the bridge. Transport him directly to Sickbay. The crew members closest to the explosion were virtually melded with huge pieces of metal fragments. He was luckier than the others. It looked like they were trying to install some new technology that detonated. A console on the bridge was the source of the explosion. We're not sure what its function was, and it's going to be hard to get to. Not with those levels of nucleonic radiation. The transporter beam would disperse the moment it hit the irradiated cabin. Were there any other reports of missing starships? A dozen people. We were scattered all over the area. Seska almost killed me because she thought I was Kazon. She wouldn't do something like this. No. I want Ensign Seska to coordinate the operation from our bridge. What? I disagree. We need someone up there who There's some concern about you. Concern because I found you near the Kazon on the planet. I don't believe that. I'm trying to take you out of harm's way to protect you. You don't assign someone you don't trust to the Bridge. Look, I'm sorry, but if something goes wrong over there, I don't want you anywhere near it. And whoever it was, was an expert at covering their tracks. Only the whole engineering crew. It's like working backwards through a maze of circuits. We keep bumping into dead ends. What the hell do you think you're doing? I want you back on this ship, and I mean now. [Kazon ship] She's gone back to the Kazon ship to prove herself to us. Can't you see that? Chakotay to Seska. Seska, respond! Get her out of there! Send her to Sickbay. How have things been going for you in Engineering? You getting along all right with Lieutenant Torres? You were out of contact for almost an hour on the planet where we encountered the Kazon. Did you see anyone else at your station? He had the motive and the opportunity. So have I. [Bridge] You're making me to believe she's a Cardassian agent who infiltrated the Maquis? This is crazy. This is just impossible. If you don't mind, I'd like to hear her explanation before we dismiss it. Has she been told? I'd like to be the one who questions her. You were working for her. Seska was working for them. Was anyone on board that ship working for me? [Bridge] We've recovered the console. It's a replicator, constructed with materials from Voyager. Did you? To be honest, I'm not sure anymore. I'm not sure of a lot of things. I plan to. You know, it's funny. I've been thinking about what's been real and what's not been real. What would you say I owe to a Cardassian who infiltrated my crew? Isn't that why you never got around to a blood analysis when we came on board? Turns out your blood is missing all the common Bajoran blood factors. Orkett's disease. I'm starting to wonder. I want to. Let's not rush things. You're going to have to stay confined, at least until we find out exactly where the replicator components were taken from. There might be evidence of who took them. Chief Inspector Tuvok leaves no stone unturned. I'll tell the Captain what you told me. Somehow we'll try to clear this up soon. [Corridor] She said a Cardassian bone marrow transplant saved her life as a child. Now all we can do is wait and hope someone takes the bait. [Engineering] (Night shift.) I never knew Vulcans had such a talent for cards. If you ever need a sponsor in a gin tournament, let me know. That's sounds like a nibble to me. Should we start the trace now? Which would suggest they're hiding it. But not very well. I do. It's Seska's. It's over. We know who gave the technology to the Kazon. You did. We found the evidence you put there for us to find. Your own security code. We already knew where the stolen materials had been taken from before I met with you. We were monitoring the inventory manifest, hoping either you or Carey would try to cover your tracks. That's exactly what you did. You knew no one would believe you could be that careless. You wanted us to believe that someone else was trying to frame you. We traced the computer station used to enter the data. Oh, you took us all around the system and back again before we could locate the source, but it was this station, in Sickbay. (The lights come up. Janeway and Tuvok enter with two Security guards.) I'd almost say it was a Maquis operation, if I didn't already know you were a Cardassian. Computer, activate Emergency Holographic Medical Programme. Before you even mentioned Orkett's disease to me, the Doctor had already discounted that as a possible explanation for your blood anomalies. But that didn't necessarily make you the traitor we were looking for. We needed more evidence, and you gave it to us. The one thing I still can't understand is why? Computer, override transport in progress. Can I ask you to be honest with me, Lieutenant? That's not exactly true. You lied to me when you passed yourself off as a Maquis to get on my crew. You damned Vulcans and your defined parameters. That's easy for you. I'd just like to know, from someone else who pulled the wool over my eyes, was I particularly naive? Was I not paying enough attention? What the hell was it that let all you spies get by me? Did you ever see anything about Seska that make you suspicious? Well, that makes me feel a little better. Thanks. What? Misery loves company, Tuvok. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Reach out to other species. Pave the way for all the manned missions that would follow. Our ancestors had no idea what was out here. Any lifesigns? Are you volunteering? My money's on B'Elanna. Transfer the coordinates to the helm. When we find the probe, we'll beam it to the cargo hold. We'd better bring transport enhancers. Set us down, Tom. Looks like missile silos. Go ahead.PARIS: We've got a reading that could be the probe. It's inside a cave. Keep us posted. (Chakotay and Kim step onto a silo hatch. Through the slit they can see the big missile sitting underneath them.)CHAKOTAY: The warhead is still active. Don't move. Getting us out of here. We can't do them any good if we're dead. We'll come back for them. [Cave]  We still can't contact the others or get a fix on their lifesigns. I don't know. Whoever they are, they have antimatter weapons. Now that we know that, maybe we can adjust our sensors to detect them. Our ancestors sent it three hundred years ago to make contact with other species. We saw missiles on the surface. Was the destruction caused by war? Why would we do that? Good work. Chakotay to Delta Flyer. Two to beam out.(He steps into a set of pattern enhancers with Kim.) [Cave] Torpedoes? At eighteen percent, our shields won't withstand an antimatter explosion. Carey spent months working on it. He used to joke that he wouldn't be finished by the time we got back to Earth. We were able to download the probe's memory core. We'll transmit the telemetry in the next data stream. The urge to explore is pretty powerful.
Seven, it's traditional for everyone to share their best wishes for the baby. I thought you might like to start. Care to explain? Source? Am I interrupting? Love what you've done with the place. Maybe this will help. Consider it a housewarming gift. (Chakotay hands Seven a traditional netted loop of wood with dangling feathers.)NEELIX: It's beautiful. What is it? I'm impressed. Now that you'll be sleeping instead of regenerating, I thought it might come in handy. On move in day? I wouldn't miss it. That might be difficult. No replicator. I'll requisition one for you first thing tomorrow. Chakotay. We're off duty. We can drop the formalities. I enjoyed your toast today. You've come a long way. I hope to see more. Good night. I'd be happy to. I'll bring the wine and the furniture. It's a date. [Sickbay] Some kind of weapon? If they are weapons, they don't seem to be directed at us.  Good morning. At first, we thought it was another one of the probes. Then Icheb picked up an automated transmission. It's a warning beacon. We've been sending out emergency hails, but so far no response. Whoever's conducting these tests could be dozens of light years away. Any progress detecting their warheads? You seem a little distracted. It's not like you to be late for a duty shift. Rough night? I'll be on the bridge if you find anything. (Chakotay leaves.) Bridge to Seven of Nine. We need those sensor calibrations. [Holodeck - Music room]  That would be a good idea. Good question. Maybe you should ask her. [Ready room] Red alert. Where's the target probe? Can you compensate?  Where's the fire? You seem to be in a hurry. The ship's out of danger, thanks to you. You've earned a break. Why don't you join me in the mess hall. Neelix is going to give a cooking lesson. Talaxian tenderloin in ten minutes. Then come for the company. B'Elanna's going to be there, Tuvok even promised to show up. It'll be fun. You know, you should try socialising with the crew a little more. It might do you some good. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Debris? Something ripped it apart, and from the energy decay readings I'd say it was no more than an hour ago. I've got it too. It's like a wake, leading away from the debris field. I can't tell. I see it too. A subspace disruption. Brace for impact! I'm not afraid to say it. I've never seen anything like that before. I'm looking at the telemetry we've collected. It was an astral eddy that seems to have formed at the confluence of space and subspace. If we could harness some of that energy, we could go off replicator rations for a while. Be ready to move away quickly if it starts moving towards us. What about the plasma? Is there anyway we can transfer some of it to Voyager? Where's the probe? We've got another particle wake. Since we can't get plasma directly from the eddies, maybe we can collect some from their wakes. Right. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Yes, ma'am. [Sickbay]
Oh four hundred. Three that we know of. Harry's starting a pool to see who can guess the actual date and time of birth. Crewman Chell's asked about taking over in the mess hall full time. Apparently so. He's prepared a sample menu. If his cooking's as bad as his puns, we're in trouble. I'd love to, but I've already made plans. Rain check?  What's all this? You didn't have to go to this much trouble. No, don't change a thing. This is perfection. [Mess hall] (Icheb is trying his hand at Kal-toh. Kim coughs just before he makes a move. Icheb moves the rod to another place and Kim nods slightly.) Is it a ship? Where is it now? Actually I'm here in an unofficial capacity. I was wondering if you'd like to get together again. Well, that all depends on your research. Would a quiet dinner be an appropriate fourth date? I'm willing to skip ahead if you are. [Sickbay] No, you're right on time. Something wrong with the door? Your research? I should put these in water. (Seven pulls him back and kisses him.) That was very considerate of you. What about the second kiss? Next time we deactivate the comm. system. [Bridge]  What is it? Weapons fire? Klingon?  I heard what happened. Are you all right? Because if you need time to rest, I am in charge of the duty roster. You're right. This is a time to keep things professional. Report. That's good news, Crewman. The Admiral seems confident we can make it past them. Our chances would be good with one Kathryn Janeway on the bridge, but with two, I'd bet on this ship any day. If we do make it back to Earth, what are your plans? I don't know yet either. But wherever I end up, I'm going to make sure it's in transporter range of you. [Engineering] Distance to the centre? It's no wonder the Queen didn't want us in that nebula. What about taking the conduit back to the Alpha Quadrant and then destroying the structure from the other side? Hear, hear.  Any word from the admiral? Did the Borg give her any trouble? Are we keeping things professional again today? You're not joking, are you. What's wrong? I think I've gotten to know you a little better than that. We are on intimate terms. What the hell is going on? You mind telling me why? Maybe you can just flip some Borg switch and shut down your emotions, but I can't. Why are you suddenly so concerned about that? Is there something I should know? Seven, any relationship involves risk. And nobody can guarantee what's going to happen tomorrow. not even an admiral from the future. The only certainty is how we feel about each other here and now. If you think I'm going to let you end this because of what might happen, then you need to get to know me a little better. [Sickbay] (Torres is having labour pains.) Where's the nearest aperture? Aye, Captain.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What's the big hurry? What was that all about? Is it some sort of senility? It's hard to believe that she performed microsurgery on my elbow just a few weeks ago. How are you coming along with the bio-temporal chamber? If you really believe it will prolong her life? I think you have the family's consent. You should go ahead and do it. What does that mean? Maybe there's some kind of time paradox at work. See if you can confirm this theory about precognition. In the meantime, Tom and I will begin scanning for temporal anomalies. What did you have in mind? Doctor, any theory about what's causing this? Is there any way to stop Kes from continuing these jumps? That's quite a story. Well it's good to know we'll eventually get him back online. The main computer's been offline for weeks. Even if the sensor logs contain that information, we can't access them. We've only got life support on three out of fourteen decks, and we've had to divert all remaining power to knock out the Krenim's torpedo launchers. We don't even have a Sickbay anymore, much less the resources to create a bio-containment field. I'm sorry. I'm open to suggestions. Who the hell are they? I don't understand how these torpedoes are ripping right through our shields. Evacuate the deck. Tom, I need you at the conn. Kes, you seem to know something about these weapons. Do you have any idea how we can stop them? Mister Tuvok, you heard the man. Tom, bring us about. Fire! (The attacking ship goes KaBOOM!) [Mess hall] (A makeshift ward.) Do you have a casualty report? What about the ship? Make deck five your priority. We've got to get Sickbay up and running again. Kes, as far as what you say is happening to you Tom, I'm going to need you to stay here and treat these people. When this is over, we're all going to have a lot of grieving to do. Careful, Tom. You may find out that you leave Voyager only to join a monastery.
Captain, have you decided who's going to replace Paris? They're made from a substance known as verterium cortenide. Do you know where we can find a source? What initial investigation? Captain, what's going on? Plan. Are you saying Paris's insulting behaviour, the gambling, being late for duty, mouthing off at me, was all a ruse? And the reason I wasn't let in on this little plan? In other words, you didn't trust me. Could it be Hogan? That would put Neelix in a potentially dangerous situation.
Source? Coaxial what? Scan the vessel. Can we beam the pilot out? How can you be sure? Open a channel. Come in. This isn't a good time to ask. I've been reading a report from the Doctor. You didn't show up today. Is there something wrong, Tom? Anything bothering you? Maybe. I was wondering if there's something on your mind. You're showing up for your duty shifts, you do what's required, but your heart doesn't seem to be in it. You seem preoccupied. You're a different man from the one that came on board four years ago. You've taken charge of your life, turned yourself around. I'd hate to see you ruin it. Permission denied. Report to Steth's ship instead. Assist in the repairs. We need our best man on the job. [Steth's ship] Mind if I join you? Chakotay will do, Tom. You don't carry this rules thing too far. I've been discussing your engineering report with the captain. She was wondering if we could implement some of Steth's technology here on Voyager. We thought maybe you could start on a shuttle. Do you think you can do it? Great. You can start right after you finish with the Doctor. He needs your help in Sickbay. I told him you'd be there. Captain? Try hailing her. Hail Steth's ship. Look, I don't know who you are, but I want to know what's happening here. Captain Janeway. How do I know that? Harry, disengage the tractor beam. [Steth's ship]
What happened to him? I'll access his duty roster. [Holodeck - cinema] This man was attacked.  Harry's found evidence that someone tampered with the holodeck sensor logs. Several files have been deleted. No, nothing. I find that hard to believe. I've known her for a long time. She and Tabor were friends. A close relationship is hardly a crime. That's an opinion, not evidence. I'll check the internal sensors. See what else I can find. (Chakotay leaves.) Chakotay to Crewman Jor. Jor, respond. Take a look at their names. Tell me if anything strikes you. It's either a coincidence, or they're being singled out. Maybe someone on your crew couldn't put the past behind them. Our crew. Stay alert. Report anything suspicious to Commander Tuvok. Look, the truth is, we don't know what we're up against. But the last thing we need right now is an outbreak of paranoia. Now until we get to the bottom of this, I want you all to carry hand phasers. Nobody goes anywhere alone. [Holodeck]  Crewman, I remember ordering everyone to work in pairs. Where's your partner? Who's your partner? I have a vague idea. Do you know where she went?  B'Elanna? Computer, locate Lieutenant Torres. Help me get her to Sickbay. What? (Chakotay draws his phaser, but Tuvok hits him, knocking him against the wall.) CHAKOTAY: Security to Cargo Bay two. (Tuvok pummels Chakotay then initiates a mind meld.) Tuvok? A letter from his son. Teero. Teero Anaydis. He was a Bajoran Vedek. He worked with the Maquis. Counter-intelligence. He was thrown out for experimenting with mind control. He thought it was a good way to recruit agents. I should've known you'd show up again. Teero was a fanatic. He'd go to any extreme for the Maquis. He called the rest of us traitors for rejecting his ideas. Swore he'd fight the war on his own if he had to.  Go ahead. Understood. [Brig] Computer, deactivate the EMH. Pagh'tem'far, b'tanay. (He rips off his cortical monitor.)  Deck one. [Brig] It's good to be back. (Chakotay shoots Kim. He and his escort shoot the rest of the bridge crew.) [Brig] I think it's obvious. I'm taking control of your ship. Within the hour all Starfleet personnel will be locked in their quarters. Step back in the Brig, Kathryn. He simply helped us remember who we are. We're Maquis. We've always been Maquis. In the Alpha Quadrant, maybe. Not on this ship. Go ahead. Acknowledged. [Brig] As long as we exist, so does the rebellion. We have no intention of hurting any of you. (Janeway is put into the cell with Tuvok and the unconscious guard. Tuvok looks at Janeway then turns to Chakotay.) Take your station. CHAKOTAY You can drop the formalities. This is a Maquis ship now. Vulcan brandy. I thought we'd have a drink to celebrate. To awakenings. There are still twenty three of our former comrades who aren't with us yet. I was hoping you'd be able to help persuade them. It'll be nice to have my old crew back. You've been a big help to us, Tuvok, but I can't forget what happened seven years ago. You have a history of betraying the Maquis. We have a small crew. I have to be able to trust everyone, Tuvok? Take her back to the brig. (Janeway is escorted out.)CHAKOTAY: You passed. (Ayala leaves them Belay that order. Tuvok informed me that this planet has an unstable atmosphere. Go to Astrometrics and scan for an alternative. We don't have time to debate this. I thought you might like your ship back. It took another mind meld with Tuvok, but I'm fine. Whatever you said to him, it worked.  All ready for Attack of the Lobster People? You will be, soon enough. You have now. [Holodeck - cinema] Thank you, Neelix. (Janeway waves to Tuvok.)
At ease. What's the word? Then we won't get any support from inside the city. Let me guess. You ate a few snails, fell in love with a local girl and became an expert on the city? I see. All right, but I won't count them in, either. We continue as planned. An assault from the north at first light. So, who was the mademoiselle? Sounds like your kind of girl. Sainte Claire's not a big place. She shouldn't be too hard to find. Need a hand, buddy? Captain Miller, Fifth Armoured Infantry. Get me artillery unit Charlie One. Take up positions along this street and start laying down fire. [Kapitan's office] (A Klaxon wails.) Distance eight hundred yards. Correct for crosswinds. Fire at will. Take cover, boys. Charlie One isn't known for accuracy.  [Kapitan's office] (Seven watches from the windows as Janeway works the holodeck controls.) It looks like a bunker. (He grabs the field radio.) All units, listen up. We've just blown the lid off of some kind of secret Nazi compound. Converge on my position. We're going in.  [Bridge] We think it's a secret compound the Nazi's built after they took over the city. What I don't understand is how they managed to camouflage it so well. We saw all sorts of scientific equipment. Strange metals, instruments we can't identify. I've relayed the findings to Military Intelligence. They believe this could be an advanced munitions laboratory, designed to build some kind of super-weapon. I've already sent three squads in, but the Nazi's are putting up one hell of a fight. I've requested additional troops. Lieutenant, this restaurant will serve as our command post. Set up the transmitter and post guards around the perimeter. Listen, honey, the time for sneaking messages back and forth is over. This is war, and you aren't soldiers. Sounds good. Lieutenant, take care of it. (Chakotay and Tuvok leave them alone.) You're the leader of the local Resistance. Captain Miller, Fifth Armoured Infantry. This is Lieutenant Davis. I take it you've seen the German bunker we uncovered? We suspect it's a munitions lab. Can you confirm that? Then this is it. We're calling in an air strike. Contact the RAF. Let's hear it. My orders are to blow the entire compound before the Germans send in reinforcements. How can you get close enough? C Company, what's there status? Get them on the horn. You'll lead us into the compound, but I'm coming with you. This isn't a request, it's an order. I thought you needed our help. I'll be right behind you. (The men leave Janeway and Seven alone. Janeway packs a rucksack.) Let's give them a warm welcome. Mademoiselle, after you.(Janeway and Chakotay enter the Jefferies tube.) [Sickbay] You're a gung-ho kind of gal, aren't ya? Nope. Just not used to it, that's all. The girls back home are a little different. Nothing to apologise for. I'm the same way with my men. There's not a day goes by when I don't think to myself, I'm going to get 'em back safely, even if I die trying. Caves? I guess my French is a little rusty. Forcefield? There are ten pounds of dynamite under the floor set to blow in less than three minutes. Move.(Chakotay escorts the Medic out at gunpoint. Janeway uses the desk computer in the office to access Auxilliary Systems 0470. Sickbay Security Field Authorized Access Only.) [Bridge] Oh, they'll follow orders. I'm their commanding officer, remember? Acknowledged. Out. Our holographic allies are losing ground. The German troops are surrounding the city. Where to? They're coming in from all sides. Tuvok, any chance we can get through that breach in the hologrid. How's it going? We'll try to buy you some time.(Janeway gets into the Jefferies tube network before Turanj catches up with her. He doubles back, feels the hatch, then opens it.) [Bridge]
All the ships have to use enriched deuterium fuel. The Delta Flyer's not equipped for that. Something tells me the other teams aren't going to make that too easy. She said later, Tuvok. We can't, not until they emerge from the other side of the anomaly.
Warning. The shark is circling. Sit down, Lieutenant, and give us mortals a chance to get even. That's an order.  Turning in, Reg? Reg? You think that's enough? Barclay strikes again. (Hawkins catches the ball.) To do what? Starfleet should give him a promotion.
The away team hasn't arrived at the pre-arranged coordinates, Captain, and they've failed to respond to our hails. In any case, it's possible that Torres and the others haven't returned to the beam-out site because they were trapped by these geological shifts. I'd like to lead a team down to investigate, Captain. Aye Captain. Tuvok, Kim, you're with me. [Laboratory] (The Klingon woman is firmly strapped down.) Good work. According to my tricorder readings they definitely came this way. The question is, where did they go from here? (Something squawks and flaps overhead.) What is it. What is? If these caves were changing configuration while we were here, we certainly would have felt it. Away team to Voyager. We've run into some type of force field, Captain. [Bridge] Right into a solid wall of rock. Aye, Captain. Acknowledged. (Chakotay fires his phaser at the rock wall.) It's not working, Captain. Three to beam up! [Laboratory] (Klingon B'Elanna is testing the strength of the restraints. She breaks one as Sulan enters.) The other thing we have to consider is that the prisoners may be at greater risk now. But if we could get someone inside, we might be able to find our people, and also deactivate the forcefield. I have an idea about that, Captain. [Sickbay] It's a fine piece of work, Mister Tuvok. Next time I need a tailor, I'll know just where to look. [Tunnels] (The prisoners are carrying rocks around.) Whatever you say, Paris, but I thought you might like to get out of this place. Where are Torres and Durst? I was ordered to take him to organ processing. I was told you had been. My face was just grafted. Yes, sir. [Laboratory] Drop it! It's Chakotay! {OC} Chakotay to Voyager, do you read? I've found them, Captain. (Sulan takes a weapon from behind his back and points it at Torres.) Three humans and one Klingon to beam up. [Transporter room] How are you doing? But? I'd have to say that you two made quite a team down there.
Where are you taking them? Some of the crew may not be comfortable helping to deliver eight men to their deaths. An alien vessel just dropped out of warp and opened fire. (The forcefields on the cells flicker.) Direct hit. They're retreating.
This is a gift from the Kinbori delegation. I don't know its name, only that it's used in one of their sacred games and it's very heavy. I already gave them a Voyager medallion. They seemed appreciative. You have to admit the generosity of our guests is very impressive. Come on, Tuvok. After all the xenophobic races we've run into, don't you find it just a little refreshing to meet some people who value openness and freedom? Me too. Tuvok. Please accept this token of our esteem.  (Tuvok declines with a Look and leaves.)  What have you got? Not exactly a happy ending, is it? Back on that planet, why do you think you reacted so differently from the rest of them? Why were you so afraid of becoming an individual? Yours were of being a little girl. A scared little girl. You were overwhelmed by feelings you couldn't begin to understand. You're not responsible for that. There's a difference between surviving and living. They'll survive in the Collective, but they won't really be alive. You know that better than any of us. How long would they survive if the Doctor deactivated this interlink network you created? A month as an individual, or a lifetime as a drone. Which option would you choose? [Doctor's office]
Lieutenant Torres has already asked permission to start modifications to the auxiliary impulse reactor. It could be converted into a crude dilithium refinery. Her arguments are quite convincing. She thinks it can be done safely. Ah. Mmm. Sounds delicious, but I've already had my vacuum-packed oatmeal this morning. Class M. It'll make mining a lot easier if we can go in there without environmental suits. Ensign Kim. (Neelix moves to join Chakotay and Kim.) Where are you going? It looks like there are several large deposits in this general vicinity. Let's split up and begin taking geological scans. Keep your comm. channels open at all times and don't wander too far. Stay within a fifty metre radius of this position. (The three take different tunnels. They don't notice their beam in site transform into a constructed tunnel with pipes along the wall, and a humanoid step into it.) Chakotay to Kim. I'm still picking up dilithium signatures but there are no dilithium formations here. Have you found anything yet? [Tunnel 2] Neelix. Stay within the search radius. I'll be with you in a minute. [Cavern] All right, I've had enough [Tunnel] Of this. Kim, Neelix, we're heading back to the ship. [Cavern] Neelix, what's wrong? Neelix! Kim! [Tunnel 2] I can't be certain, but I think he's going into shock. Chakotay to Voyager, medical emergency. Beam us directly to sickbay. [Sickbay] (Kim and Chakotay hold Neelix down on the biobed while the EMH scans him.) The what? By the time we got to him he was unconscious. The Doctor says whoever did this used some kind of transporter to beam the lungs directly out of his body. (Kes enters.) No. Up an alien ship leaving the planet. Aye Captain. [Sickbay] (Only Neelix's head is visible sticking out of the long metal tube over his body and bed.) Captain! The alien ship has dropped out of warp. It's approaching a large asteroid. Are you saying some one built this asteroid? Let's see it. Are there any indications we're being scanned or probed, Mister Kim? What the hell? He might have left a fake ion trail to lure us in here. It could lead us right into one of those walls. Well, maybe we should. Tuvok, what would happen if we reduced the phaser power level to a minimum setting and sent out a continuous beam. Until it encountered a non-reflective material, like the real alien ship. Exactly.
Captain, someone's initiating a transport. It's Torres and the robot. Their shielding is making it difficult to get clear readings. I can't even tell you what their weapons capabilities are. They're firing some kind of quantum resonance charges, Captain. We've got to get out of here. Injury reports from all decks. [Pralor vessel] We're losing life support, Captain. We're talking about at least another six days of repairs. But if we can manoeuvre inside the field Attack them again? You don't mind if the rest of us give you a little help, do you, Paris? I'd hate to lose another shuttle. We're making progress on the dilithium matrix. It should be stable enough to reinitialise the warp core in about six hours. When we were in the Maquis, B'Elanna once linked a holo-emitter to a deflector array and projected an image of another ship into space. We will by the time the warp core's online. I already have Kim working on the holodeck to We've got to get Torres back now. It didn't work. He bounced right off the field.
Aye, Captain. Mister Kim, would you like to join us? I'm picking up a large cavern in there. The readings are (Chakotay encounters a large cobweb.) What the hell is this? I want to see what's ahead. [Cavern] Captain, there are eighteen bodies here, all humanoid. Eleven male, seven female. From what we can tell they're in various stages of decomposition. Some have been here for years. [Bridge] But from the position of the arms, I'd say we're looking at some kind of burial site. [Bridge] However, Mister Kim has a different opinion. But whatever belief this race has, they clearly meant for their dead to be left alone and I think we should respect that. [Bridge] The sanctity of these bodies should be respected. I recommend we make visual observations only. No tricorders. [Bridge] All right. The only sensors you have left are your eyes. Concentrate on details. We're going to have to do a thorough report when we get back. I remember the first time I went on a tomb excavation on Ktaria Seven. I wanted to keep a memento of the experience, so I picked up a rock from the burial site. Only I found out later it wasn't just a rock. It was a sacred stone. The Ktarians lay thousands of them in the tomb. Each one represents a special prayer. Without realising it, I had desecrated that man's grave. Really? What have you learned about this culture so far? You're looking but you're not seeing. The fact that they're naked says a lot. It means this race doesn't believe in dressing the deceased. And the lack of artefacts could indicate they don't believe any worldly goods can be taken into the afterlife. Look at the position of the arms and hands. The bodies have been arranged in poses of serenity, and they appear to be wrapped in the same biopolymer residue we found out in the passageway, all indications that this culture has a great deal of ritual associated with disposing of the dead. That normally indicates some belief in the afterlife. Good point. However, some archaeological digs on the Klingon Homeworld (There is a sound like a wind, then a light appears above them.) Tricorders! Chakotay to Voyager. Emergency beam-out. Acknowledged. Energise! [Bridge] This body might have come out of the vacuole at the same time Kim was taken in. We can't interfere with this woman's natural process of death. Beam us directly to Sickbay. So the other biopolymer fibres we found in the cavern were We've completed our analysis of the ring system. Our sensors have detected over two hundred thousand alien bodies on various asteroids in the rings. From what we can tell, a subspace vacuole appears about every two hours, deposits a body and then disappears. We could send Ptera through the subspace transponder and hope the signal will penetrate the dimensional barrier and allow us to lock on to Kim with the transporter beam. Aye, Captain. Captain's log, supplemental. We've returned to the ring system, and we're preparing to send Ptera back to her dimension. Lieutenant Torres has found a way to temporarily protect the warp core against the vacuoles but she is uncertain how long her measures will be effective. [Transporter room] Okay, let's see if your dampening field is going to protect the warp core. Engineering to Transporter Room three. [Transporter room] Chakotay to Transporter Room Three. Lock onto the body on deck fifteen and transport it to one of the asteroids. Captain, I'm picking up a vacuole forming on deck twelve. It deposited a human body. But it's dead.
Let's mark the coordinates of that trinary star. It'll be a good reference point for this sector. Not that I remember. Why? What? Warp engines are down. A plasma conduit just blew in Engineering. Propulsion systems are down. They're reporting casualties. How could you know that? They'll intercept in thirty six minutes. I doubt it. Engineering's still working on repairs. We could manage warp three at best. We're coming up on that star system. We'll pass it if we stay at warp. They'll enter weapons range in a few seconds. (On the viewscreen is the planet from Kim's dream.) Is it Nasari? Aye, Captain. What's your next trick, Harry. Pull a shuttlecraft out of a hat? Can we get through the grid? I guess we're not welcome anymore. [Taresia] (The room is darkened. Women enter bearing staffs. Eliann lights candles.) We've been able to poke some holes in the tachyon grid but they're too small to squeeze Voyager through. I doubt it. And even if one could, there's another problem. A Taresian ship is patrolling the other side of the grid. [Doctor's office] I thought you'd confirmed that he has Taresian DNA. Their whole story about embryo implantation was a lie. He's human. Wouldn't the biofilters pick up the virus and eliminate it? Our away mission to that planet where we found the vorillium. Harry was with us, and he was separated from the group for a while. Don't forget that welcoming committee on the planet. It sounds as if they're giving him every incentive to want to stay on Taresia. We've been lucky to have you, Harry. If we hit the grid here, we'll have a few seconds before the patrol ship can move in to intercept us. Then I'll have to be quick. I'm not picking up Harry's comm. signal. Initiating level one bioscans of the surface. We've got him. Welcome back. We could use your strategic intuition about now.
Ready here, Captain. After only two minutes? Tuvok, how do you do it? Origin? Find out where it's going. [Kim's quarters] Living quarters. Run a diagnostic. [Cargo Bay two]  Finding the source of these structural problems isn't going to be easy. They've already scanned most of their ship and come up empty. I'm hoping we'll do a better job. Agreed. We'll work in pairs. Now, what I'd like to do is start with their reactor bay, where we first detected the problem. (continues under dialogue) Dismissed.  Welcome aboard. Normally we like to know something about our guests before we invite them to join us. Care to tell us how you got here? That remains to be seen. You haven't explained your reasons for leaving the generational ship. Your next stop is the Brig, unless you answer my questions. Why? I don't have time for a debate. You asked for asylum. Fine, I'll consider it. But only if you answer my questions. What movement? Contact the Varro authorities. Let them know we've found one of their people, then take him to the Brig. That's pretty severe. Is that why you came down so hard on him? A formal reprimand for being intimate with a young woman? Well, he looks pained, all right. Until now he's had a spotless record. Maybe you should reconsider. Are you angry because Harry disobeyed orders, or because he let you down. If I object to one of your decisions you'll hear me out, even insist I speak up. I see.  We're detecting structural breaches on the Varro ship. If that happens while we're still docked Initiate decompression sequence.
Where are you headed? Mind if I walk with you? So, how's it going? Tuvok still giving you a hard time? I don't know about you, but when I think about spending seventy years on the same ship with that guy, it gives me a headache. I get the impression a lot of the crew agrees with me. Maquis and Starfleet. [Turbolift]  Bridge. So, what do you think? About what I've been saying. That a lot of the crew aren't too happy with our Chief of Security. And for that matter, I don't think Captain Janeway's winning any popularity contests either. Don't you agree? Let's just say I'm interested in your opinion. You're a good officer. I like you. And I wouldn't want to see you get hurt. There're going to be some changes around here. All of the Maquis are in line, and about twenty five of the Starfleet crew are with us. And when the shooting starts, I'm going to need to know which side you're on. [Bridge] There's a first time for everything, I guess. Don't worry, Captain, I'll keep your ship safe and sound. Captain, I've been thinking. Are you sure you don't want to take Lieutenant Tuvok with you, just in case the Rukani turn out to be less friendly than they seem? Lieutenant, I want you to keep close tabs on the Captain's shuttle. Let's make sure she doesn't run into any trouble. Ensign, let's shut down those transporters and start that diagnostic we've been putting off. Have you finished upgrading the internal sensors, Ensign? (Torres is at Mission Ops 2.) I hope so. (Two security men enter by the door next to Tuvok's station. Chakotay takes a PADD from one of them.) Wait here. No, it's just tomorrow's duty roster. Thank you, Tuvok. Chakotay to all hands. Let's do it. You're wasting your time, Harry. All my teams have taken control of Security, Engineering and all key systems. That's going to be a little difficult. All your off-duty Starfleet friends have been locked down in quarters. (Kim is about to shoot Chakotay, but Ensign Torres gets him first.) I guess you've made your choice. Go ahead. Carlson, O'Donnell, get these people to the brig. Ayala, take the conn and move us out of com range of Janeway's shuttle. You're with me. [Turbolift]  Deck two. Thanks for watching my back in there. Are you okay? He's only stunned. We're not going to kill anybody today, unless it's absolutely necessary. Just stay close. [Corridor]  Stay low. We'll just have to shoot our way past them. Ready? (They shoot down the guards, one is taken out by a Bajoran woman with a phaser rifle.) Thanks for the help. Everybody, drop your weapons. We're still going to need a cook. Chakotay to Engineering. What's your status? Transporter rooms one and two, status. Shuttlebay, status. I'll take care of the prisoners here. You two get some help and start rounding up the personnel that are still locked down in quarters. Bring them to Cargo Bay one. Just like old times. [Corridor] Now is not the time, Seska. Take a good look around you. You're under armed guard. You may also notice that your senior officers aren't here. They're in the brig. They'll be put off the ship at the first habitable planet we come to. All except Janeway and Paris, who will arrive at their rendezvous coordinates to find that Voyager's not there. In short, I've taken control of the ship. I don't blame any of you for the mistakes of your leaders, so I'm giving you a choice. You can be put off the ship with your superiors or you can do what Neelix and some of your other crew members have already done and join me. If you do, you'll be part of a crew that's going to do whatever it takes to get us home as fast as possible. Under my command, we won't let almighty Federation principles get in the way of opportunities the way Janeway did when she destroyed the array that could have gotten us home. And we won't be wasting precious time stopping to investigate every insignificant anomaly that we come across. What we will do is use any means necessary to acquire technology that can shorten our journey. To hell with Starfleet regulations. You have fifteen minutes to make up your minds. It's been accessed forty seven times by thirty three different crew members. Anybody else? Besides, Tuvok, if the crew doesn't get an ending, you may have a real mutiny on your hands. I don't care what kind of story it is, as long as I'm not the bad guy this time.
 You wanted to see me? The hexapods. How's that? I'm sorry, Doctor. It's just not practical. That was different. We were there. The Ovion system is two weeks behind us. I can't ask the captain to turn the ship around. You could also write a paper and submit it on subspace. Say you do take a shuttle. Would you expect us to sit here and wait for you to get back? Go ahead. We haven't heard from them in a while. I'm on my way. Monotanium hull plating. Tylium based power. It's Hirogen. Life signs? It might be a trap.  Let's break into teams. Seven. (She and Chakotay go one way, the remaining three the other. Tuvok finds an Hirogen corpse hidden under a pile of leaves.) A bat'leth. The blood's Hirogen. Chakotay to Tuvok and Paris. I'm reading an Hirogen lifesign. It could be wounded. Hold your fire! (He doesn't. Chakotay signals Tuvok and Paris to go around.) We're here to help you. Why didn't our tricorders detect it? Can you shut down the emitters?  Evidently, they made a few modifications. All of our preliminary scans indicated the environment was real. I think we'll find they all came from the holotechnology we gave the Hirogen three years ago. Can you sedate him? Our doctor's a hologram, we're not. Looks like our reputation preceded us. You were the only one we found alive. You're a student. Who? I don't think they're getting the message. The Hirogen are ready to get underway. You first. Trust isn't the issue. We're getting involved in a situation that's not our responsibility. There's nothing inherently violent about holodeck technology. It's what the Hirogen did with it that got them killed. Trading technology is part of our life in the Delta Quadrant. We can't undo what's been done. Looks like they've taken some damage. Bridge to the Doctor. We have casualties. I'm not reading any lifesigns on this one. No. We haven't finished transporting the Hirogen. They've masked their signature. They're gone. [Iden's ship - Bridge] (A Borg watches the EMH stutter as he appears. A Bajoran gives the orders.) Raise shields.  That pulse isn't going to do us much good as long as their shields are up. Couldn't we just extract their violent subroutines? I've got two vessels on long range sensors. Both Hirogen ships have altered course to intercept. Less than an hour. They're charging weapons.  Their shields are down. How long? I still don't understand how they managed to counteract the pulse so easily. You had no way of knowing the Doctor would do this. Are you saying it was a mistake to reject his plan? You think these holograms manipulated him somehow? There is another possibility. He may have done what he did because he genuinely believes in their cause. Maybe that's how he's started to think of these holograms. [Iden's ship - lab]  They've gone to warp. Something tells me we don't have a lot of time. The hunters will attack them as soon as they're in weapons range. We're not here for the view. Did they detect us? Maybe they found something.  Disable their shields. [Iden's ship - lab] Initiate transport. (Paris greets Torres as she is beamed aboard.) Tuvok? Beam them up. Captain's log, stardate 54337.5. The surviving Hirogen have recovered from their injuries, leaving me with a diplomatic dilemma. [Corridor]
We've like to enhance the Astrometrics lab. It hasn't been upgraded since Voyager left spacedock. I've assigned Seven of Nine to work with you. She's agreed to provide us with all the navigational data for this area she acquired during her time with the Borg. Is there a problem? Try to make her feel like part of the team. Already? You and Seven must have been putting in a lot of extra hours on this. I'm sure she's not. Looks like you're ready to begin construction. Recruit all the help you need. Don't you want to supervise their work? The Astrometrics lab is your baby. Oh, I can rearrange the duty shifts. Harry, are you having some kind of problem with her? Because if you are, I'd like to hear about it. Ensign Kim. Let's have it. About? Really? That's not what she says. She seems to think you're making good progress. She finds you reasonably efficient, and says you've been helping her learn more about our complex social interactions. Any idea what she meant by that? You two make a good team. I want to keep you together on this project. And maybe others in the future. Have fun.  [Sickbay]
They're powering weapons. They're hailing. (A humanoid with heavily defined zygomatic process but no eyebrows, and a ridge down the middle of his forehead comes on the viewscreen.) Their soldiers have materialised on decks fifteen, eleven, four and one. (Mahler's 1st symphony, 2nd movement is coming from the ship's speakers.) It's definitely out of the way. Less chance of being discovered, but it'll take two more days to get there. Red alert. Shields up. Bridge to Captain. [Mess hall] Aye, Captain. [Mess hall] It's a scout ship. One pilot, no other crew. Maybe you should just read his thoughts. So what do we do, throw him in the Brig? Mister Torat doesn't seem too trusting. Maybe he's been through one inspection too many. They're hailing. Devore soldiers have materialised on decks fifteen, twelve, eight, four.
Shields are holding. They're firing again. It's some kind of photonic disrupter directed at holodeck two They're hailing. They may be in more trouble than we thought.  They're rerouting power. He's tying their shields directly into the warp matrix.
A-koo-chee-moya. I pray on this day of memories to speak to my father, the one whom the wind called Kolopak. Though I am far from his bones, perhaps there is a spirit in these unnamed skies who will find him and honour him with my song. A-koo-chee-moya. [Kazon bridge] (The shuttlecraft is on the viewscreen.) Computer, report. Source? Computer, open a channel to the Kazon vessel. This is Commander Chakotay of the Federation Starship Voyager. Why have you fired on me? I wasn't aware of that. I have no hostile intentions. Power down your weapons and I'll leave. Look, son, my starship is only a few light years away. Chakotay to Kazon vessel. Listen carefully. I do not want a fight. Stand down or I'll be forced to return fire. (Bang! Chakotay looks the look and comes in behind the little craft.) Chakotay to Kazon vessel. I've established a direct weapons lock on your engine core. This is my final warning. If you don't stand down, I will destroy your ship. (Kar fires aft photon torpedoes.) All right, if that's the way you want to play it. (Chakotay fires phasers and destroys the Kazon engines, as promised.) Chakotay to Kazon vessel. Do you read me? Computer, are there any life signs inside the Kazon vessel? Kazon ship, your engine core is critical. You have less than thirty seconds to evacuate. Do you read me? If you have an escape pod, you must eject now. Computer, establish a transporter lock on the lifeform. Prepare to beam him aboard. Energise. (Unconscious Kar is beamed aboard. His ship goes KaBOOM!) Chakotay to Voyager. Chakotay to Voyager. Computer, damage report. Great! Welcome aboard. [Ready room] (Voyager is orbiting a planet. Neelix brings a dish of food to Janeway.) You're welcome. It's a human expression. You thank me for saving your life, I say, you're welcome. I accept your surrender. Look, I promise you, as soon as we get back to Voyager, we'll find a Kazon ship and hand you over to them. I'm not in the habit of killing children. What's your name, son? Your name. I want to let them know you're on board. Computer, open a channel. Kazon vessel, I have a young man on board you might know. He goes by the name of Kar. I'd say he's about thirteen. I'd like to arrange for his transfer before I return to my ship. Computer, confirm channel is open. Talk to them. Tell them you're okay. Full reverse. They're pulling us in. Why are you so eager for me to kill you? Look. If you check your long-range sensors, you'll find a big ship out there. It's called Voyager, and by now it's on its way to find me. I have a fair idea why I'm here, but why are they doing this to you? Who's Razik? You tell this Razik that Federation Commander Chakotay demands to see him. Razik is obviously your leader. I'm hoping if he's strong enough to be in command, he's wise enough to listen to reason. (Kar shows Chakotay a piece of metal on display.) I'm not at war with you. We're not familiar with this part of space. If I'd seen a map identifying this as Kazon-Ogla territory, I wouldn't have been anywhere near it. I guess if he had killed me, my uniform would've made you all a fine trophy. Uniforms maybe, but not like mine. You get them involved young, Haliz. So they brought you here to see your first human. Take a good look. You won't see any hate in my eyes. I'm a gentle man from a gentle people who wish you no harm. I know you'd like them to hate me, Razik, but I want their first impression of humans to be a good one. What for? You want me to kill a child in front of other children? What would it accomplish? If I refuse? (No answer. The weapon drops to the floor. Chakotay bends to pick it up, attacks Razik and gets him on his knees with arms pinned behind his back. He holds the weapon to the leader's head.) I'll be needing my shuttle back. That's a chance I'm willing to take. What about you? Want to come? There doesn't seem to be much of a future for you here. Don't worry, he's only stunned. (Boom!) It didn't take them long to get those weapons back online, did it? Computer, prepare to go to warp. You're the boss. Initiate evasive pattern theta two. Full impulse. It may mean something to you to die a violent death, but I'd like to get out of this without killing or being killed. Sounds about right. Computer, damage report. We're not going to make it like this. Computer, scan for an M-class atmosphere. Anybody training there now? Computer, lay in a course to the moon. Evasive pattern omega one. Maximum impulse. (The Kazon keep shooting at them.) Computer, prepare for long-range transport. Two to beam to the surface. Kar. The computer said that transport wasn't recommended. It didn't say it was impossible. With any luck, Razik will think we didn't survive the explosion. Then maybe you'll get your name for dying in battle. Yes, you're stranded here with me, and I'm stranded here with you, because for some reason that escapes me at the moment, I keep saving your life. Now, if you want to hate me for that, fine. But I'd really appreciate it if you kept it to yourself. To yourself! First thing we've got to do is find some shelter and get out of this heat. Any suggestions? (Kar points.) I think we're finally beginning to understand each other. What did I just say? What the hell was that? Charming. So I guess you know your way around. Well, it looks like you just saved my life. Twice more and we'll be even. [Briefing room]  I'm setting my tricorder to emit a homing signal. So when my people show up, they'll know where to look for me. They're very persistent. I'm betting they haven't given up on me. You just won't give up, will you? Not Federation. Chakotay. That's my name. No, not exactly. My name was a gift from my tribe. I cherish it every day of my life, just as I cherish the Federation uniform. Your name, my uniform. Not much difference. We both have to earn them. Study. Years of study. Learning about science and ships and navigation. No. They prepared us to defend ourselves in battle. They prepared us very well. And we had to pass many difficult tests before we were given the right to wear the uniform. Why? What's so different about us, aside from the fact that I keep saving your life and you keep threatening to kill me? Let me tell you something. I have no interest in your territory or anybody else's. My people taught me a man does not own land. He doesn't own anything but the courage and loyalty in his heart. That's where my power comes from. I think we both could use some sleep, don't you? (Later, Chakotay is sleeping when Kar picks up the tricorder and turns it off. Then he points the weapon at Chakotay, but he can't pull the trigger and throws it away. He opens the tricorder again and sits down.) [Bridge] (Neelix is getting comfy in Chakotay's seat.) Good morning. How did you sleep? Really? You seemed a little restless to me. All that skulking around, throwing things. You think I'm going to get much sleep around an Ogla warrior who's threatened to kill me? Why didn't you go through with it? I don't believe that. I don't believe you do either. I think maybe you're beginning to realise I'm not your enemy, and only a fool would kill a friend. Would any other Kazon sect accept you? How many Kazon sects are there? I guess you could come with us. You wouldn't have to wear a uniform. Tell me about the other uniforms, the ones the Kazon fought. People coming this way, humans and Kazon. There's only one way back to the Ogla for you, and that's if you earn your name. So I guess that's what you'll have to do. You're going to have to kill me. [Tarok] According to my readings, the away team's only fifty metres away. And alert Sickbay to prepare for a code white resuscitation. [Bridge] I don't have time to explain now. [Bridge] It'll be all right. Our technology can revive me even if I'm brain dead for two minutes. Like you said, it's my fault you don't have your name. I can't leave you behind like this. [Tarok] I understand. A-koo-chee-moya. I pray on this day of memories to speak to my father, the one whom the wind called Kolopak. Father, if you can hear me among these unnamed stars, I ask you to continue to watch over me as you've always done. I ask you also to watch over a boy called Karden, who has a difficult path to travel. A-koo-chee-moya. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Oh five hundred. I just heard from Tom and Neelix. They're about to leave the trading colony. According to Tom, the shuttle's so loaded down with supplies, he won't make half impulse. Neelix is asking permission to bring one of the locals on board. He's been very helpful, and Neelix wants to repay him by giving him passage to the next system. You might want to grab some sleep. We've got a big day ahead. Still hunting for buried treasure? One way or another, we've got to find out. I'll talk to B'Elanna. You could enlist Seven of Nine. Problems? She's learned a lot from you over the last year. Maybe the pupil thinks she's outgrowing the mentor. Love to. [Cargo bay] I hope that's not going to the mess hall. Identify. Lifesigns? Tom. Tuvok. I've never seen this kind of hull geometry. Looks like they've taken a whole new approach to starship design. Sixty thousand light years in three months? Let's not pack our bags just yet. I'd like to know how they (Beep!) Let's go take a look. [Dauntless Engineering] Some kind of new warp drive? I've never seen that in the engineering manuals. Computer, disable propulsion.(It is the normal Starfleet computer voice.) Is that what's creating the slipstream? Scan for Voyager. I'd say it's in pretty good shape, considering. Is there any way we could modify Voyager to create a slipstream? Pursuit course. PARIS: We lost them, Commander. (Tuvok enters.) Tom, bring the warp core modifications online. We're going after them. There's no time like the present. [Dauntless Bridge] Report. Bridge to Torres. How far behind? Maintain course. If I know the captain, she's already got a plan. [Dauntless Brig] Get a lock on our people. [Dauntless Bridge] Alter our slipstream. Hard starboard. Take us back the way we came.(Voyager diverts down a side tunnel.) [Dauntless Bridge] (The Dauntless returns to normal space near a group of Cubes.)BORG
Consider it done. He's still trying to enhance the plasma burners in his stove? I'll assign a security detail to keep tabs on him. Unless you think we need to take more drastic measures? I'll do that. Even the captain deserves a vacation once in a while. He's looking forward to putting his feet up on your desk. (Janeway goes into the shuttlebay.) Fun last night, wasn't it? I've got a systems diagnostic. What's your point? Lieutenant, you're not suggesting I abuse my power. (There is a large dish of something yellow on a hotplate.)TORRES: Tell me that's not lunch. What happened? It's exciting. A real test of strength and agility. What about you, Tuvok? You appreciate the martial arts. It's your shore leave. But try to enjoy yourselves. That's an order. [Cargo Bay two] I'm picking the Vensiddian. But he's undefeated against left-handed fighters. Twenty three and and one, actually. A Nausicaan with a mean right hook. I didn't know you played. I boxed a few parrises players in my day. Let's just say they went back to playing parrises squares after that. I wouldn't want to put my Ops officer out of commission, now, would I? I'll let you know how it turns out. I rearranged the duty schedules this morning. You've got the bridge starting at fourteen hundred hours. I'm delegating. I thought you'd be pleased that I took your advice. I'm an anthropologist. It's a cultural phenomenon. [Sickbay] I'm glad you're enjoying yourself. It's simple. A Tsunkatse fighter wears a polaron disruptor on both hands and feet. Each disruptor delivers a bio-plasmic charge when it comes in contact one of the opponent's target sensors. A fighter has to attack his rival's sensors without exposing his own. Chakotay to Voyager. [Bridge] CHAKOTAY Try recalibrating the bioscanners. [Bridge] Voyager, four to beam up. [Delta Flyer] CHAKOTAY  There are transmissions being sent to every planet in the sector. Neelix is meeting with a group of Norcadian officials. When can we expect you back? Sorry to cut your vacation short.  How did it go? You don't sound too convinced. So they turn a blind eye to the recruitment tactics.  If Seven and Tuvok hadn't been abducted, we might still be cheering too. [Astrometrics lab]  What have you got? They're transmitting the fights from a ship. The bigger they come, Lieutenant. Transmit these coordinates to the Captain. Tell her we could use a hand. {Tsunkatse living quarters] Take us out of warp. Raise shields and charge weapons. Any sign of Tuvok and Seven? Hail them. I'm Commander Chakotay of the Starship Voyager. You're holding two of my people. Commander Tuvok and Seven of Nine. Return them. Now. You have thirty seconds before I open fire. Beam him to Sickbay. Keep targeting those generators. Bridge to Tuvok. Do you know Seven's status? [Sickbay] Evasive manoeuvres. Harry? Not yet. If we can't beam her out, maybe we can shut down the transmission. Start targeting their signal generators. Seal it.(Seven is starting to get the upper hand, and the crowd are going with her.) Transport them both if you have to. Tom.  We located an Hirogen hunting party three light years away. They've agreed to rendezvous with us.
Harry's clarinet solo was okay. I could have done without Tuvok's reading of Vulcan poetry. But the highlight of the evening was definitely Kathryn Janeway portraying the Dying Swan. I don't doubt it. If Neelix has another talent night I hope you reprise it. Me? Get up in front of people and perform? I don't think so. Sounds great. If I miss I get to be Captain. Atmospheric turbulence. We might be in for a rough landing. I'm reading even more severe storms near the surface. I think we took a lightning hit. Attitude control is out. The navigational system's out. I'll try the emergency anti-grav thrusters. (The shuttlecraft tumbles through the clouds. The next time we see it, it is on the ground, badly damaged. Chakotay revives to see Janeway lying on the floor.) Kathryn. Kathryn! (He checks her pulse.) Kathryn! Kathryn! (He gets out a medical tricorder and scans her. The beeps are not good.) No! Hang on, Kathryn. (He starts CPR.) Breathe, damn it. Breathe! Don't you die on me now. Come on, Kathryn. Breathe! Listen to me, Kathryn. You've got to breathe. Breathe! Breathe! Come on. Come on! (He gives her an injection and she gasps.) Yes. Don't ever do that to me again. You went into shock. You gave me quite a scare there for a minute. This should help reduce your cranial swelling. Should have a headache for a while. We need to set up a homing signal. Hey, take it easy. I can get them. You set up the homing signal. Here. At least the storm seems to be dying. (Chakotay runs back to the shuttlecraft, and Janeway starts work on her comm. badge with the tool Chakotay gave her.) There are phaser burns on the hull. I don't think it was lightning strikes that hit us. I think we were shot down. I don't know. I'm going back to see if I can get an energy signature from the burns. Disconnect it while I scan the shuttle. (She goes to join him.) The signatures are Vidiian. If they shot us down you can be sure they'll be coming for us. We need to find a hiding place. Life forms, fifty metres from here. They're coming this way. There's another group in this direction. We're surrounded. Harry's clarinet solo was okay. I could have done without Tuvok's reading of Vulcan poetry. But the highlight of the evening was definitely Kathryn Janeway portraying the Dying Swan. You're right. We have been here before. Yes. They shot us down and attacked us. Whatever's going on, let's change tactics this time. Let's not try to land on that planet. Or of Vidiian ships. Chakotay to Voyager. Chakotay to Voyager, do you read us? Is it Vidiian? I've got it. It's a warship, loaded with weaponry. It's closing fast. We can try. Setting evasive pattern Delta four. Shields down to eighty four percent. Nice aim. We've lost shields! That one hit the reactant injectors. The magnetic fields are failing. The gas flow separators are down. Let's retrace our steps. Get back to the part of space we were in before all this started happening. Let me guess. It's a Vidiian ship. Sacajawea to Voyager. Do you read us? We're being pursued by two Vidiian ships. Set a course for our shuttle and have weapons powered. If you're going to emit that tachyon burst, you'd better do it now. In a couple of minutes those ships'll be right on top of us. The Vidiians are almost within range. Ready weapons. What happened? Then those ships must have been part of the time loop. Not a minute too soon. I was getting awfully tired of talking about Talent Night. We were on our way to the second planet of a binary system. And then we were attacked by the Vidiians, but we managed to escape and get back here. But I don't remember anything about a repeating time loop. You heard the Captain. Let's get moving. [Sickbay] I know. We're back. (There is a bright light ahead of them.) It's exerting a gravito-magnetic force. Changing course. We're still being drawn toward it. Structural integrity is weakening. Captain, maybe we should go in. Listen to me. Maybe we're doing this all wrong. Maybe the thing to do is fly into it. It's going to tear the shuttle apart. The hull is breaching! [Planet surface] (Janeway watches Chakotay performing CPR on her.) Don't you die on me, Kathryn. Start breathing! Breathe, dammit. Breathe! Don't do this to me, Kathryn. Come on, Kathryn, breathe. Don't you die on me. Come on, breathe. Kathryn, listen to me, you have to breathe. Start breathing! Come on! Come on! (He scoops her up in his arms, weeping.) No, Kathryn! You can't die. Yes, Voyager. How far are you? I have an emergency here. The Captain's dead. We have to get her back to sickbay. The Doctor may still be able to revive her. Acknowledged. Kathryn, we're going to get you back. [Sickbay] (Chakotay is there while the EMH and Kes work on the dead Janeway. Janeway watches.) In the past Kes has shown an ability an unseen presence. I think we have to take her seriously. Get on it. It's your top priority. Neelix, help the crew with this. Keep their morale up until we can get some answers. Yes, sir. Right away. Good idea. Tom, we'll take duty stations. Would anyone else like to say something? I know this hasn't been easy, but I think we'll all be better for it. We will honour the Captain one last time. Release the pod. (A crewman blows a bosun's whistle as Janeway's torpedo casing coffin is sent out into space.) Ensign Kim was right when he said the Captain wouldn't want us to be sad. Neelix has prepared some food, and it would be nice if we could all get together and share the good times we had with Captain Janeway. She's coming back. Her eyes are open. Kathryn, hang on. We're bringing you back. Just fight a little longer. Fight it, Kathryn, just a little longer. Kathryn? You and I were caught in a magnetic storm and crashed here. You were badly injured. The Doctor just arrived on the shuttle with Tuvok and began treating you. But each time you seemed to fight back. Another place? Some kind of afterlife? I could have sworn I heard the Doctor tell you to take it easy for a few days. You shouldn't push yourself. You've been through a lot. I can understand that. I can't help thinking about it. That alien, his Matrix. He was like the spider that has to lure a fly into his web. That's a little hard to believe. I'm sure that's the case. After going head to head with Kathryn Janeway he must have realised he'd met his match. Like something worth living for. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Some bad news. The long range probe we sent out two months ago has stopped transmitting. This could be it, Captain. Borg space. [Briefing room] Before the probe was disabled, it picked up a narrow corridor of space devoid of Borg activity. We've nicknamed it the Northwest Passage. Exactly. We're going to set a course for that corridor. and go into full Tactical Alert. Where do we stand with weapons? We can use every edge. Ensign? Good work. Doctor, how are you coming on the medical front? Redouble your efforts. This is your top priority. Neelix, I doubt we can resupply the ship any time soon.  I want to cut down on the time it takes to seal off the decks. Exactly. And I want to increase the magnitude of the forcefields. [Sickbay] Some sort of premonitions? Red Alert. What's happening? My God. (The Borg cubes rush past, and Voyager is thrown too and fro in their wake. The last one slows in front of them.) Captain. If we needed any more evidence that we've entered Borg space, I think we just got it. We've just completed the latest sensor sweep. So far, so good. The Northwest Passage is still clear of Borg activity. According to my calculations, neither of us has eaten since last night. Join me for dinner? I see. And? Nothing. You sounded just like Amasov. Just now, while you were reading his log. You were using his inflections. Yes, you were. And before that, you were doing a pretty good Picard. It's nothing to be ashamed about. Echoing the Greats. Ensign Hickman in Astrophysics does a passable Janeway. If that moment comes. we'll face it together. And we'll make the right decision. You're not alone, Kathryn. All of them? Lifesigns? Let's not jump to conclusions. Scan the vicinity for other vessels. This could be a space-dwelling organism or a biological weapon. Tractor beam? Tuvok, Harry, you're with me. [Borg Cube] (The metal creaks, and sparks fly. The away team are armed with phaser rifles.) This way. (A pair of Borg are trying to make repairs.) The alien bio-readings are getting stronger. We're close. That's not the word I had in mind. Let's keep moving. (They reach their goal.) It looks like the bio-mass dissolved right through the Borg hull. There's a chamber beyond this opening. Forty meters wide, high concentrations of antimatter particles. It looks like a warp propulsion system of some kind. There doesn't seem to be anybody on board. Chakotay to Voyager. Captain, we've found an entrance to the biomass. We think it may be a ship of some kind. Permission to go inside. Harry, that's a Borg distribution node. See if you can download their tactical database. It might contain a record of what happened here. Tuvok. [Alien Bioship] (Lots of curves in stark contrast to the Borg angles.) They seem to be organic conduits. They're carrying electrodynamic fluid. Maybe. This looks like a binary matrix, but it's laced with neuropeptides. Could be their version of a computer core. (Kim hears some clanging sounds and goes to investigate, then returns to his work.) Go ahead. [Bridge]  It's within seven metres. Let's get out of here! [Bridge]  The lifeform's five metres away and closing. Is anything known about where they come from? Get the Captain. [Bridge] It's clear of Borg activity for a very good reason. On screen. (Lots of ships zooming out of a bright light.) Some kind of parallel universe? Just one. Flying into that corridor would mean certain death. We'd be turning around, but we wouldn't be giving up. We may find another way home. Kathryn, you haven't slept in two days. Try getting some rest, and clearing your head. We're safe for the moment. We can tell the crew tomorrow, if we have to. I didn't want the others to hear this, but I think what you're proposing is too great a risk. There's a story I heard as a child, a parable, and I never forgot it. A scorpion was walking along the bank of a river, wondering how to get to the other side. Suddenly he saw a fox. He asked the fox to take him on his back across the river. The fox said no. If I do that you'll sting me, and I'll drown. The scorpion assured him. If I did that, we'd both drown. So the fox thought about it and finally agreed. So the scorpion climbed up on his back, and the fox began to swim. But halfway across the river, the scorpion stung him. As the poison filled his veins, the fox turned to the scorpion and said why did you do that? Now you'll drown too. I couldn't help it, said the scorpion. It's my nature. Even if we do somehow negotiate an exchange, how long will they keep up their end of the bargain? It could take months to cross Borg territory. We'd be facing thousands of systems, millions of vessels. There are other kinds of courage. Like the courage to accept that there are some situations beyond your control. Not every problem has an immediate solution. Yes. We should get out of harm's way. Let them fight it out. In the meantime, there's still plenty of Delta Quadrant left to explore. We may find another way home. How much is our safety worth? We'd be giving an advantage to a race guilty of murdering billions. We'd be helping the Borg assimilate yet another species just to get ourselves back home. It's wrong! I don't think you really believe that. I think you're struggling to justify your plan, because your desire to get this crew home is blinding you to other options. I know you, Kathryn. Sometimes you don't know when to step back. That isn't the issue. I still have to tell you what I believe. I'm no good to you if I don't do that. You're the Captain. I'm the First Officer. I'll follow your orders. That doesn't change my belief that we're making a fatal mistake.  Where did that ship come from? Can you get a lock on the Captain? Report. Get her out of there and break us free of the Cube. Stand by all weapons. Compensate. On screen. Captain? How do you propose we begin this collaboration? It's not necessary for you to stay there. We can set up a comlink with the Borg and All right. As long as we're cooperating, maybe the Borg would be willing to disengage their tractor beam. We can match their course without a leash. You heard the Captain. [Sickbay] Assimilating it. Good work. Let me know when he's back on his feet. Leave that to the Captain. This situation is unpredictable so we're going to stay at full Red Alert. Keep all information about the nanoprobes stored in your holo-matrix. Keep a transporter lock on both of them. Try matching their shield frequencies. I don't want to hear what we can't do, Lieutenant! Just find a way to get our people out of there if we have to. Match their course and speed. At this point, I'm getting used to it. It's Kes. The Doctor believes that the aliens are accessing her memory. I've ordered long range scans for bioships. Nothing so far. Chakotay out. Glad you could join us, Mister Kim. Not too much. Take your station, Ensign. Shields. Keep a lock on the Away Team. Brace for impact! (The bioship fires at the Cube section next to Voyager. It's energy weapon lances its way inside, hitting a console next to Janeway and knocking her out. The Cube changes course, hitting the bioship. They both go mega-KaBOOM! Voyager rocks in the wake of the explosion.) The Cube? Go ahead, Tuvok. Where are you? Tuvok. Tuvok? Secure that deck. Security Team to Cargo Bay two. Paris, you have the bridge. [Cargo Bay Two] (Tuvok and Janeway are out cold. Chakotay and two security guards are armed with rifles. There are some Borg computer components around, too.) For now they're contained. They've assimilated Cargo Bay two and they're drawing energy from the secondary power couplings. Not yet. I've sealed off decks nine through thirteen and posted security details at every access point. Already done. How far did you get on the weapon? Make sure those Borg stay put. I want tactical updates every twenty minutes. Stand by for now. I understand. In our medical bay, recovering. You'll be dealing with me now. I'd say so. I've been giving that some thought. I'm willing to let you stay on board. We'll continue to work with you on the weapon. Once we're safely out of Borg territory we'll give you the nanoprobes, shake hands and part company. Even at maximum warp, that's a five day journey in the wrong direction. We're supposed to be heading out of Borg space, not deeper into it. Look, I'll honour the original agreement, but I'm not turning this ship around. It's too dangerous. I'll think about it. A five day trip back into the heart of Borg territory. It's too risky. With those drones and the nanoprobes on board, we might as well have a bull's-eye painted on our hull. We're a prime target for Species 8472. We'd never survive another attack. I'm going to end this alliance here and now. We're going to drop the Borg off on the next uninhabited planet, give them the nanoprobes and take our chances alone. They can wait for a Borg ship to pick them up and finish the weapon. I'm in command now and I have to do what I think is best for this crew. Tom, I want you to scan for the nearest uninhabited planet and set a course. We'll see. Bring that female drone to the Ready room. Dismissed. [Ready room] Once we've beamed you to the surface, we'll send down the nanoprobes and all our research. This isn't open for discussion. I'm not turning this ship around. You're getting what you wanted. I suggest we part ways amicably. If a single drone steps one millimetre out of that Cargo Bay, I'll decompress the entire deck. You won't pose much of a threat floating in space. Escort our guest back to the Cargo Bay. [Sickbay] (Chakotay briefs his comatose Captain.) Well, I've made my decision. If it were only a matter of going against the orders of my superior officer. You're more than just my Captain. You're my friend. I hope you'll understand. [Cargo Bay Two] It'll do. Take us out of warp and enter orbit. Tuvok. Stand by to transport the Borg directly from the Cargo Bay. After they're on the surface, have security run a sweep of Cause? Shut them out. Reverse course. Bridge to Cargo Bay Two. Stop what you're doing, or I'll depressurise that deck and blow you out into space. This is your final warning. Do it! (Borg drones are expelled from Voyager. Seven manages to hang on in the Jefferies tube.) Report. Let's see. (The viewscreen shows a murky brown green expanse.) Paris, repressurise Cargo Bay two. Tuvok. [Cargo Bay Two] You've been here before. How else could you know about fluidic space? Why? Why were you here? You started this war, didn't you? What's the matter, our galaxy wasn't big enough for you? You had to conquer new territory? But this race fought back. A species as malevolent as your own. I've got a better idea. Why don't you open that rift again and take us back? Go ahead. On my way. [Sickbay] (Janeway is up and back in uniform.) Captain? The Collective ordered me to reverse course, travel forty light years back the way we came. What would you have done? In my mind, the alliance was already over. Trust had nothing to with it. I made a tactical decision. They have taking advantage of us from day one. They lied. The Borg started the war with Species 8472. We've only got one Borg left to worry about. We should try to disable her and get back to the Delta Quadrant. We might be able to duplicate the deflector protocols they used to open a singularity. I was linked to a Collective once, remember? I had a neurotransceiver embedded in my spine. I know who we're dealing with. We've got to get rid of that last Borg and take our chances alone. It will be your undoing. Our conflicted nature. Our individuality. Seven of Nine said that we lack the cohesion of a Collective mind. That one day it would divide us and destroy us. And here we are, proving her point. Am I interrupting? The old-fashioned way. The Doctor says she's stabilising. Her human cells are starting to regenerate. You plan to keep her on board. She was assimilated at a very young age. The Collective's all she knows. She might not want to stay. I want you to know that disobeying your orders was one of the most difficult things I've ever had to do. Agreed. No argument there. (We are given a last lingering look at Seven on a biobed, one small implant blinking.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Anything? (to Torres) Pack it up. We'll find better quality somewhere down the line. What have you got, Lieutenant?  Maybe it's a blessing to the land, for damaging it with the campfire. Oh, just something somebody told me once. [Sickbay] (Mother to be Ensign Wildman is lying on her side on a biobed.) I hated every minute of it. My father had dragged me all the way from our colony near the Cardassian border on this quest of his. Away from my friends, my home, and here we were in the middle of a brutal Central American jungle looking for the descendants of the ancient Rubber People. Believe me, it was. And he was very disappointed that I didn't share his enthusiasm. He'd been tracking down the origins of our tribe for years. (Chakotay calls up two images on a wall monitor.) The one on the right is the one I found today. I can give you an official Rubber Tree People theory if you like. Sky Spirits. It's an ancient myth. Sky Spirits from above created the first Rubber People in their own image and led the way to a sacred land where the Rubber People would live for eternity. How much faith do you put in Adam and Eve? Hasn't science proved that all humans developed from a single evolutionary process? I don't know that it's fair for me to put my own personal curiosity ahead of the ship's priorities. My father would put on his expedition hat and shout, let's go. I guess that's good enough for me. [Bridge] (In orbit of a planet.) Could be some kind of cloaking technology. Understood. Tuvok, you're with me. Mister Neelix, please report to Transporter room three for an away mission. Problem? Storm? Fine. We'll take a shuttle. [Shuttlecraft] Nothing we can't handle. Relax, Neelix. [Memory - Central American jungle] (It is pouring with rain. The expedition are sheltering in a cave.) Decreasing speed to seven hundred twenty kph. Entering terminal approach phase. Touchdown site scanned. Continuing descent. (Chakotay briefly sees a face in the storm clouds.) [Doctor's office] Then I guess we'll have to search for these people the old fashioned way, with our eyes and ears. No. It just reminds me of another jungle that I visited once. The Central American rain forest on Earth. It's the only other place in the universe that I've ever seen this flower. I hereby designate the two of you the team's botanical surveyors. Collect a sample of that flower. B'Elanna? Have Ensign Kim run an analysis from the ship. We should be able to. (A bird of prey flies overhead.) I'll be damned. It almost looks like a hawk, doesn't it? [Memory - Central American jungle] (A hawk flies overhead.) Go ahead, Neelix. Neelix, what the? Away team to Voyager. Emergency beam out. Get Neelix to Sickbay.  Everything we've found here suggests the people who live in this village left recently and in a hurry. We can't discount that. [Bridge]  With warp technology, they wouldn't be living like this. Captain. [Bridge] CHAKOTAY  Tuvok hasn't detected any telepathic activity either. [Bridge]  I think we'll press on for a while. If there are any other problems, I'll let you know. Chakotay out. They're out there. Our tricorders may not tell us so, but they're out there. Lay down your weapons. Disarm. I want them to see that we don't pose any threat to them. I know all about Starfleet protocol, Lieutenant. The logical course isn't always the right course. Lay down your weapons in plain sight. Those are my orders. Negative. We'll show no force of any kind. Noted. [Memory - Central American village] (Kolopak's party lay down their weapons.) All right. Let's get back to the shuttle. [Jungle] (Chakotay gets separated from Torres and Tuvok, then sees a young man running through the trees.) Hey, wait! (A large tree falls, pinning him to the ground.) No shuttle. Well, at least they got out okay. [Clearing]  You have nothing to fear from me. Talk to me. Let me see you. (He walks into the structure and starts to take off his clothes.) [Memory - Central American village] (The villages help their visitors take off their clothes.) You have nothing to fear from me. Talk to me. Let me see you. (There is a garment nearby. He puts it on.) [Transporter room]  If you can hear me, speak to me. (A light shines on Chakotay, and a voice speaks in Rubber People language.) I'm sorry. I don't know the ancient language of my people. I can't understand. (Beings enter behind him, still talking. Chakotay remembers the symbol his father drew in the soil, and its name.) Chamozi. (The leader speaks to him.) Chamozi. (The leader turns Chakotay's face to look at his tattoo. The same mark is on his forehead, too.) [Bridge] Yes. I wear it to honour my father. He wore it to honour his ancestors. Yes. Yes. Not many, but some. There was a time when that was true, but no longer. Inheritors? I'm not sure I understand. My people called you the Sky Spirits. Why have you been hiding from us since we landed here? Our message was supposed to communicate peaceful intentions. As I said, we've tried to change our ways since the last time you stopped by. [Bridge]  My ship will be coming for me soon. You were generous to offer as much as you did. I wish I could see my father's face right now. No. He died fighting enemies who would have taken our home colony. Our tribe moved there a few hundred years ago. Yes. Yes, he did. We weren't on very good terms when he died. Once he was gone, I didn't know how to reconcile our differences, how to heal our old wounds. I returned to my colony and continued the fight in his name. I took the mark that he wore to honour his ancestors. I spoke to him in my vision quests, but he never answered. Until now. (The alien kneels down and starts drawing in the soil.) Put those away. (Chakotay and the alien embrace, then a hawk flies over head, calling.) Yes, Father. I hear him. I finally hear him.
From the dispersal pattern of the interstellar plasma, it looks like it isn't fixed. Seems to be travelling through space. Aye, Captain. Hard to believe, isn't it? (An older man in a long robe, and wearing a patch over his right eye, enters the square declaiming a poem.) It was very nice. I'm sorry. Not today. We've really got to be going. Tom? I'm picking up a narrow band EM dampening field around that building. It looks like some sort of temple. What do you mean, wearing your ears? Must be some sort of fetish. Greed is eternal. Chakotay to Voyager. We've found the replicator, Captain.  It seems the people have a myth, an epic poem called the Song of the Sages, which predicts the arrival of two demigods from the sky, the Sages, who would rule over the people as benevolent protectors. What they've done is co-opt the local mythology by using advanced technology like the replicator to convince the people that they're the two Sages spoken of in the poem. It's disgusting, Captain. The two Ferengi live in a palatial temple, while the people are lucky to have a roof over their heads. Now that we've found them, what are we going to do with them? But Arridor's right. We can't kidnap their gods either. The gods would be gone, but the people would be prepared for it, and they might accept it as a natural ordained occurrence. Let's get to the shuttle. (The Bard's eye patch has moved from the right to the left eye.) Your poem's very nice, but we're in a hurry. Tell me something. What happens to the Sages at the end of the Song? The Holy Pilgrim! The Holy Pilgrim! (The voices can be heard inside the vault.) Chakotay to Voyager. On my mark. [Bridge] Now. [Bridge] Stand back. (Chakotay phasers the generator.) [Town Square] (Neelix, Arridor and Kol are beamed away.) We're all here in one piece, Captain.  Acknowledged. Listen, friend, you're lucky to be alive. We beamed your shuttle to the shuttle bay. As for the rest of your possessions, they're back in the hands of the people you stole them from. Ensign Murphy, escort these men to secured quarters.  Murphy was escorting the Ferengi to their quarters. The gravitational effects of the wormhole are refracting the beam. I can't get a lock. Try setting the scanners to a narrowband subspace frequency. [Ferengi shuttle] (An alarm sounds.) Initiate a high intensity impulse burst.
It looks like a Malon freighter. If we can get it out of there. (Torres enters.) We were just discussing how to retrieve the probe. Is there any possibility of transporting it out? Just no. Is there any way to boost transporter range? Tom, we've been through this I don't know how many times. We all appreciate your enthusiasm. Bottom line, we don't have time to design and build a ship from scratch. And you think it'll be able to withstand the gas giant's atmosphere. We're not alone. I'm reading massive theta radiation. It's being dumped by a Malon freighter approaching from the far side of the planet. They're hailing. That's going to be a little difficult. It's stuck beneath the atmosphere of the same gas giant that crushed your other ship. It's not just any probe. It's multispatial technology. Maybe they think it'll help them find new places to dump their garbage. (Torres returns to her quarters to treat her cuts and bruises with a hidden dermal regenerator.) [Mess hall] (Later that night, the place is dark except for the kitchen.) Apparently, they're not willing to give up on the probe so easily. Sensors don't show any other Malon ships in the area. The Malon are venting a theta radiation cloud. Our shields are down to eighty nine percent. Vrelk is hailing. Think they're really two days away? We'd also better find a way to shore up our shields in case Vrelk decides to do anymore venting. Computer, freeze programme! B'Elanna. Chakotay to Sickbay. Medical emergency. [Sickbay] You think all these injuries have been happening on the holodeck? Any idea what sort of programmes she's been running? I hate to go digging around in someone's personal holodeck programmes, but if she won't tell us what's going on I don't think we have much choice. Hi. He let you out of the cell block, huh? Recovery from what? Are you depressed? No. Just a friend. You have been running holodeck programmes without safety protocols. Tell you what. What do you say you and I pay a little visit to the holodeck? You can show me some of the programmes you've been running. Sure. Maybe if I see what you've been up to, I can convince the Captain there's nothing to worry about. Consider them restored. [Corridor] Computer, activate holo-programme Torres zeta one. Computer, belay that command. Not until you tell me what it is! Who's this? Oh, I recognise them all. Meyer. Nelson. Sahreen. You created a programme to watch all our Maquis friends get slaughtered. What I want to know is why? I'm not so sure. The logs show you only ran this programme for forty seven seconds the day after I gave you the news about the massacre. Then you shut it down and started running the most dangerous programmes you could find, with the safeties off. Why?! Computer, seal the doors. The hell I can't. You're not going anywhere until you tell me what's going on. B'Elanna, why are you intentionally trying to hurt yourself? Are you trying to commit suicide? Then why? What do you mean? I don't understand. Sad. Angry. Maybe a little guilty that I wasn't there to die with them. B'Elanna, the Maquis were like our adopted family. I can understand you trying to block out that kind of pain. Maybe you're afraid if you let yourself start to feel something, you might not be able to stop. You can't just shut off your emotions, B'Elanna. Sooner or later you're going to have to let yourself grieve. What are you talking about? B'Elanna, you have a new family now, here on Voyager. You're not going to lose us. You're stuck with us. No, I suppose I can't. Losing people's inevitable, and sometimes it happens sooner than we expect. But I can promise you that the people on this ship aren't about to let you stop living your life or break your neck on the holodeck. You're going to have to find another way to deal with this. Then we'll figure it out. Together. Why are they suddenly picking a fight? We can still catch them. B'Elanna, I'm in a hurry. I thought you weren't interested in your job anymore. Not lately. They're a little preoccupied. Seems their shuttlecraft's having a problem climbing out of the gas giant's atmosphere. B'Elanna. I heard you did a hell of a job. So, how are you? Give it time.
Looks like a glacial freeze. Those glaciers are receding. I thought you said there weren't any lifesigns. Their timetable was supposed to end four years ago. Sounds like we ought to get them out right away. Why not? If the only way to help those people is to go in and find out from them what's wrong, I don't see any alternative. How do we negotiate without sending in another hostage? Could we switch over to a simulated brain without the Clown noticing it? How do the optronic pathways function in this system, B'Elanna?
See that you do. Open it, that's an order. Not only late but improperly dressed. That belongs on your collar, Mister Paris. Looks like a distress call. I'm getting a carrier wave but no message. Too bad you don't have the luxury of an interlink node. This will be one away mission for the record books. I'm willing to volunteer if you'd rather hold down the fort.  How's your headache? [Ready room]  I'm guessing it didn't go well. I'd prefer to stand. What have you got in mind? How? The way I see it, risking the safety of Voyager is a small price to pay. If we help these people, this could be the turning point in our battle against the Borg. Somehow I don't think you were ever in danger of doing that.  Remember when I said I didn't have any objections? I realise I'm not going to talk you out of this, but I'll be damned if you're going in there alone. You said you wanted my support. Then take Tuvok and B'Elanna with you. I may only be First Officer, but I still pull a few strings around here. The Doctor could be persuaded to question your medical fitness. This is the best I can do. How so?. Why the stab at diplomacy? Anything you'd like done around here while you're gone? Gravity plating recalibrated, carpets cleaned? (She takes his hand.) Increase phaser yield. Where's the Flyer? The Flyer? Maintain fire. No. We need to stay close. [Borg Cube] (The Queen watches the away team's progress. The first two drones are easily killed with phaser rifles, So far, so good. You can take us out of here now, Tom.(Voyager goes to warp and leaves their colleagues as full drones on the Cube.) To Be Continued... [Borg Cube]  Time. Doctor? (Neural circuitry pattern 247.) I want you inside Unimatrix Zero. When the virus is released, your friends there will be the first to know. Problem? Acquaintances then. If you're having issues with these people I suggest you set them aside. What's on your mind. The Doctor's keeping an eye on them. We'll give it a little more time. Unfortunately, not everything goes according to plan. What's your point? I appreciate your diligence. But I've made my decision. We wait. As long as it takes to complete the mission. You've made your point. Lieutenant. A First Officer could get in a lot of trouble for talking to his captain that way. I appreciate your concerns, Tom, but I need your support on this. If I decide to move in closer, I assume my First Officer would concur. Harry? Stay on it. Closer. [Borg Cube]  Target their shield generators. Stand by phasers. Shields to full. Brace for impact. Evasive manoeuvres. (The torpedo punches a hole in the hull.) Reverse course. The Borg have our access codes. Get us out of here. [Borg Queen's Chamber] Good. We're going to need all the help we can get. The away team's still trapped on that Cube. If they do, tell them to hurry. They're the only allies we've got. Let's try this again. Ensign? It's a start. Try to get a fix on the away team. (And the power goes down again.) Source? Go ahead.  We're listening. [Borg Cube]JANEWAY: They've developed a nanovirus that can kill every Borg with the mutation. They're prepared to release it inside Unimatrix Zero Yes, Captain. (The hologram flickers out.) It's not over yet, Doctor. Can you disrupt the interlink frequency for Unimatrix Zero? Yes, she did, but not the one you think. Seven? Didn't you hear? Unimatrix Zero can no longer exist. Chakotay to the bridge. Report. [Bridge]  Chakotay to Seven of Nine. We're almost in range. [Astrometrics lab]  Get Korok. [Korok's Sphere]  Wait for my signal. [Settlement] Full power to the shields. All weapons online. Voyager to Korok. It's time. (The two vessels power their deflectors.) [Settlement] (The environment begins to break down, like a defective holodeck.)  Acknowledged. Voyager to Korok. Now. [Borg Queen's Chamber] Get a lock. Voyager to Korok. Status? [Korok's Sphere] Energise. (The Cube goes KaBOOM! catching the Sphere and Voyager with its shockwave. The away team are met in the transporter room by a medical team.) Chief medical officer's log, stardate 54014.4. It's been forty eight hours since the away team returned to Voyager. Thanks to the neural suppressant, I've been able to extract most of their Borg technology. The Captain and B'Elanna are on the mend, but Tuvok will need a little more time to recover. [Sickbay]
What have we got here? There's quite a storm in those mountains. According to these readings that ship is travelling at warp nine point eight. Transport him to Sickbay. All hands, brace for impact. (The shuttle explodes in the entrance, funnelling the shockwave outwards.)
Any idea what destroyed it? Seven of Nine attacked B'Elanna in Engineering. She's on deck nine, section twenty three. Any sign of Borg vessels? Vinculum? Meet anyone interesting? How's the Captain holding up? About what? You can take the Borg out of the Collective, but. I don't believe that. Not anymore. I didn't think she'd last a day, much less a year. I'd say you've proven me wrong. It's them. Species 6339. We liberated her from the Collective over a year ago. She's an individual now. Targeting systems are malfunctioning. Transport complete. They're withdrawing.
I'll have another glass of the Chardonnay. The Pinot noir sounds perfect. Their weapon signature is Vaadwaur, but the ship has technology from several different species. They've transported material off decks five, seven and eight. They got more than ninety percent of our food stores, including almost everything in the Airponics bay. They also got a computer console from Engineering and they emptied three of our deuterium tanks. How? While we're standing still? Where are you going? How long will our reserves last? We're still going to need more deuterium. Is there anything left aboard that ship worth salvaging? Our scans indicate you've got some of our food, one of our consoles and a large quantity of our deuterium. An updated inventory of our supplies. We got back less than half of what was stolen. We want to be clear about what our policy's going to be while we're here in the Void. We may not like Valen's tactics, but he and his crew are still alive after five years in here. Any luck? No section on how to exist in a Void. Should the crew be ready to die for those principles? Then who are we going to form an alliance with? Captain, maybe you'd better take another look at that inventory. Our food and power reserves will be gone within a week. If we start giving everything away The idea is to recruit new members, share technology and resources. A funnel just opened. It pulled in a new vessel. He's targeting our shields. We can't defend ourselves against three ships. The Jelinians and the Kraylor have left with Bosaal. They felt you were being You did what you had to do. By telling Bosaal to leave? JANEWAY Allowing him to join in the first place. You couldn't have known what he was going to do. Why? You weren't the only one who wanted him in the Alliance. We'll find a way out of here without them. B'Elanna and the other engineers are working around the clock to build one. She thinks they'll be ready to test in a couple of days. They have to. It says so in the Federation Charter. [Astrometrics lab] All ships are in formation. The real one's only thirty thousand light years away.
Before there were maps and globes, let alone radar and subspace sensors, mariners navigated by the stars. We're returning to that tried and true method, but this time there's a difference. Thank you all for coming. We've got a lot of work to do, so On our way. His bark's obviously worse than his bite. She's dead. I still don't understand why these torpedoes are ripping right through our shields. Captain, during that last exchange we did some damage. The Krenim's aft shields are down. They're vulnerable. Stand by, Doctor. Harry, can you handle it from here? Doctor, get your patients out of there. All hands, this is the bridge. Emergency evacuation deck five. You should see my place. They haven't looked as bad since my old Academy days. Yes, but you're not going to like it. I'll be blunt. Our strategy is failing. It was a good idea to try and create temporal shielding but it isn't working. How many more attacks will it take? Before long, there won't be a ship left to protect. Maybe we do. We should consider leaving the ship behind, breaking the crew into smaller groups. Escape pods, shuttles, each one with its own course. If all goes well, we'll rendezvous on the other side of Krenim space. We'll cross that bridge when we come to it. But at least we'd be increasing our chances of survival. To be honest, I wasn't too fond of the idea myself. We stay. This looks like it stayed in one piece. Where does this go? Transverse bulkheads. We've set up emergency forcefields between all decks and every section. In the event of a cataclysmic breach most of us will be protected. Actually, you can thank Mister Paris. He came up with the idea. Happy birthday. Today is May twentieth. Well, this should help. Nineteenth century, mechanical movement. It's a replica of the chronometer worn by Captain Cray of the British Navy, His ship was hit by a typhoon in the Pacific. Everyone back in England thought they were killed, but eight months later Cray sailed his ship into London harbour. There wasn't much left of it, a few planks, half a sail, but he got his crew home. Kathryn, I replicated this months ago. I've been saving it. I wanted you to have it. Weapons status? Hold them off as long as you can. Bridge to Seven of Nine. [Deflector control] Full port thrusters. (One torpedo misses, the other hits.) What's the source? Report. It looks like this entire part of space has changed somehow. The last time I checked, this region was filled with Krenim colonies and vessels. I just ran a scan and sensors show no colonies and just a handful of Krenim ships. Captain, Astrometrics took heavy damage a few days go. It's offline. Where's my crewmate? You've had us in isolation for two months. We've been scanned, poked and prodded. How do you expect us to act? What do you want from us? ANNORAX: At the moment, information. (Paris enters, also in casual attire.) By using the weapon on this ship to alter history? Excellent. What do you propose? Tom, hold on. You said you could control the destiny of a single molecule. If you made a precise enough calculation, could you restore Voyager without harming anyone? Tom, have a seat. Professor Vassbinder might've disagreed with you. I failed his course in temporal mechanics. I'm certainly willing to give it a try. [Mess hall] Component 37329, a rogue comet. About eight months ago, Voyager made a course correction to avoid the comet. According to my calculations, it led to our entering Krenim space. Exactly. Voyager would have stayed on its course and bypassed Krenim space altogether. Temporal incursion in progress. What happened? I didn't consider the entire history of the comet. By erasing the comet I altered all evolution in this region. And you've been trying to undo that damage ever since. But each time you pull out a new thread, another one begins to unravel. You've been at this for two hundred years, Annorax. What makes you think you're ever going to succeed? You're right. But we don't destroy everything that stands in our way. I've still got a lot to learn. Let's hear it. How do you know all this? Good work, Tom. But I'm not quite ready to start a mutiny. Keep gathering information, lie low. I'm starting to make progress on the temporal calculations. With a little time and luck I think we can get the Krenim back on their feet, and Voyager back to the Alpha Quadrant. This can work. If you'd take the time to listen you'd understand what Annorax is trying to do. It's more complicated than that. Annorax is an enlightened man. Misguided, but I think he wants this to end as much as anyone. You're out of line, Lieutenant Not yet. If you get caught, we lose everything. I can get us out of this. You're not doing anything against Annorax. That's an order. Either we maintain our command structure, or else we settle our differences the old fashioned way. [Krenim Timeship - Bridge] What incursion? You didn't say anything about I thought we were working to avoid more destruction. Please. This isn't necessary. We'll find another way. You didn't need to fire on that planet. You're trying to rationalise genocide. One species is significant. A single life is significant. The colony on Kyana Prime. I've been studying your previous incursions. No matter how close you get to restoring the timeline, one component is always missing. Kyana Prime. Who was on that colony? Who did you lose? Maybe it isn't possible. What do you mean? You don't have the right. No he's not, Wounded, maybe, even tortured, but I can still reach him, convince him to stop. You don't know what he's been through. What kind of progress have you made? And the temporal core? It'll require precise timing. You and me working from within. And, give Kathryn my best. Day 226Captain's log, stardate 51682.2. I've forged a coalition with the Nihydron and the Mawasi. Together, we're preparing to attack the weapon ship. [Bridge] I know Captain Janeway. She wouldn't be attacking unless she knew she could do some damage.(Obrist sends a message to Paris' quarters.) [Krenim Timeship - Paris' quarters] If she's given the other ships temporal shielding, they've undoubtedly informed their home worlds. They'll be able to protect their planets against your weapon. Tom, plot a course around Krenim space. So, what do you think? How about a ground-breaking ceremony for our new lab?
This is the third time you've been late this week, Mister Paris. What's the source? Slow to half impulse. She may be too sick.  According to her ship's navigational logs, the woman was en route to a remote Vidiian colony. It's about ten light years away. We should be in the general vicinity in about twenty two days. Captain. I wanted to talk to you about Lieutenant Paris. His attitude lately has been less than professional. I know crew discipline's my responsibility, but in this case I thought I should let you get involved before I took any action. In a way, Paris has been your personal reclamation project.  Mind if I join you? So how are things, Tom? How have you been feeling lately? Something bothering you? Well, you've been moody lately, indifferent to your duties. To be honest, you don't seem to be taking your job very seriously. If you've got a problem, I'd like to know what it is. You care to elaborate? What's that supposed to mean? Look, sometimes I'm not going to agree with your suggestions. But making decisions is part of being a leader. Maybe someday you'll understand that. I didn't come here for a lecture from you on how to do my job. Sure, Paris. You're excused. [Secret location] LORRUM That's all right, Mister Paris. We don't need you. Mister Grimes has taken your place at conn. Not today it isn't. That's right. When you decide to start taking your job seriously, we'll discuss it. But right now, you're dismissed. (Chakotay turns Paris around.)
The subspace distress signal is coming from a vessel bearing one two five mark two one. Distance two hundred thousand kilometres. And the possibility exists that we could reconfigure the matrix at that point to take us another thirty thousand light years, right into Federation space. I know of many times when Starfleet personnel have decided on strong ethical grounds to ignore it. Maybe they want something. Maybe they'll bargain. What do you think, Captain? Would they be interested? Aye, Captain. (Tuvok and Janeway talk quietly in a corner.) Captain, it'll take hours to get everyone up. We've got crewmembers scattered throughout both hemispheres. Mister Tuvok is on the surface now, Captain. He says the remaining away teams should be on board in fifteen minutes. Aye, Captain. As soon as the last of the crew gets back, we'll be ready to leave.
Sorry to interrupt, but I've got some interesting news. Neelix, you might want to hear this. Long range sensors have detected several hundred lifesigns approximately four point nine light years away. They're Talaxian. [Bridge] There's a lot of interference. Maybe they haven't received our transmissions. Does that explain the explosions we detected? Welcome to the bridge. Trade negotiator. Without a doubt, he's the most versatile member of our crew. [Astrometrics lab]
Bridge to holodeck one. What's going on down there? Says here the hologrid just blew out. Well, make it quick. The last thing we need is a broken holodeck. (Seven of Nine enters.) Seven, I want good news. That's an order. Nothing? Why can't we see stars beyond that? Any other ships out there? Every sailor's nightmare. It's like being becalmed in the middle of the ocean. If it weren't for sensors we wouldn't even know we were at warp. We've only been crossing this expanse for two months and we're already feeling the strain. How do we last another two years? Easier said than done. No. I'll tell her. First Officer's log, Stardate 52081.2. It's been fifty three days since we entered this desolate region. If we want to continue our course toward home we have no choice but to cross it. We won't have an opportunity to take on fresh supplies or fuel, so I've ordered all departments to create an energy reserve. We're using power cells to stockpile deuterium. [Briefing room] Humour me. Thanks. Ensign. Can you be more specific? Anything new on sensors? Source? Could be worth a look. Next piece of business. Crew morale. Please. See to it, Harry. What's your point? Captain's privilege. She'll come to the bridge if and when she's needed. It's her choice. She can run this ship from wherever the hell she wants to. Understood? We're all feeling the pressure, including me. Dismissed. It's probably nothing. Just background theta radiation. But it could mean there's someone nearby. Approximately twenty five light years. Yes, ma'am. Actually, I'd like to make a request. I've been saving up my holodeck rations and I've got three full hours coming. Any chance I might persuade you to join me for a few rounds of Velocity? It'll help clear your mind. And what if I told you I'm not leaving until you join me? Then I'll be blunt. You've picked a bad time to isolate yourself from the crew. This ship needs a Captain, especially now. The Void. We were faced with a difficult choice. We had the means to get home but using it would've put an innocent people at risk, so we decided to stay. We're alive and well, and we've gathered enough data about this quadrant to keep Starfleet scientists busy for decades. Our mission's been a success. Kathryn. Neelix. (Chakotay finds him cowering and gasping in a corner.) There's been a power loss. Nothing to worry about. Come on. Take deep breaths nice and slow. That's it. [Bridge] We do have weapons online. Do we have propulsion? They've stopped their attack. They're beaming off the ship. [Bridge] We prefer to be on the safe side, Mister? That would get us out of the Void, and cut two years off our journey home. It was injured during the attack. Our doctor's treating it. That could explain why they dampened our power. We still don't have a defence against their dampening field. If they decide to attach again. Tuvok. [Briefing room] I need your advice. Look, I realise we're not exactly best friends. From day one, we've kept each other at arm's length. But I've always respected your judgment and right now, I could use a little Vulcan clarity. It's the Captain. As you may have noticed, she's isolated herself from the crew. She told you? You've known her longer than anyone. Have you ever seen her like this? Seeking redemption. Stubborn as a Klingon. If she tries something like that again I want to be ready and I'm going to need your support. [Bridge] All stop. Shields up. Tuvok. Bridge to Captain. [Sickbay] Captain, we've got company. Eight ships, twelve more approaching. [Sickbay] Their cargo holds are loaded with it. Over ninety million isotons. How convenient, for you. A spatial vortex to the middle of nowhere, far away from your own system. Out of sight, out of mind. Problem is, somebody lives here. Guide us through the vortex. We can meet with your scientists on the other side, exchange information. We're not saying this won't take some effort. You're looking at several months of retrofitting, depending on the size of your fleet. All the schematics are here, and we'd be willing to work with you, get you started. We can even provide you with some converters. Sorry? B'Elanna. That's not important. What matters is that we're talking now. We're proposing changes, some of them difficult, but progress can also bring new opportunities. Given time, this could turn to your advantage. I'm sorry you won't listen to reason, but don't expect us to walk away from this. Get him out of here. We fight our way past them. Navigate the vortex on our own. Once we're on the other side we contact the Malon authorities and blow the whistle on Emck. Exactly. Any chance we could destroy it? Two more years in the Void. I can live with that. This situation is a little different. If you have another option, I'm listening. Yes. We fire torpedoes the instant we cross the threshold. As the vortex begins to collapse, we jump into high warp. Red alert. Set a course to the vortex. All hands to battle stations. Let's just say I wouldn't be a fine First Officer if I hadn't. (A short time later, Voyager is flying through explosions.) The vortex. Status. Without warp drive we'll never outrun the shockwave. Prepare to fire. They're trying to distract the Malon, give us the upper hand. Are we out of the Void?
Ship's status report. We've got two teams on the hull, stripping off the Borg armour. They're working around the clock but it's still slow going. Torres is having problems cleaning out the plasma relays. It's disrupting the antimatter reaction. Until she's got it fixed we're stuck at impulse. She's requesting all personnel with a level three engineering rating or higher to lend a hand. Long range sensors are picking up residual transwarp signatures, Borg vessels. They passed by probably three days ago. Having half our propulsion system overrun by Borg implants doesn't make repairs any easier. That might be true if she were willing, but she's not in the most cooperative mood. Our Borg? For all we know, Annika and her parents were the first humans the Borg ever assimilated. So she was raised by the Borg. It's the only life she ever really knew. If you were thinking of bringing her into the fold, that might not be possible. She's bypassed our security protocols. It's too late. [Kes' quarters] Increase the structural integrity field on deck two. Chakotay here. Captain? Captain, we can't get a lock. [Corridor] What's happening? Emergency containment fields. Acknowledged. (The shuttlecraft flies out of the bay and goes up.) Systems coming back online.
Captain! We must have hurt them. We'd better hope they don't come back. We're sitting ducks. We've had casualties on all decks, no fatalities so far. Crewman Bendera's dead. The Doctor couldn't do anything. I'll get right on it. Yes. Like it or not, it seems we're in a situation where the rules have changed. And maybe, if we're going to survive out here, we have to start changing too. When we first started our trip home, you made a conscious decision to treat Voyager as a Starfleet ship with a Starfleet crew following Starfleet rules. Starfleet works well in the Alpha quadrant, but out here, maybe we should be thinking more like the Maquis. The Maquis had to survive on their own. We were up against insurmountable odds. We had to create our own opportunities for success, because nobody was willing to help us. Sound like anybody you know? Captain, this was the fourth attack in two weeks. We've lost three crew members to the Kazon, a dozen more have sustained serious injuries. The ship has taken so much damage we'll be lucky to get warp drive online again. And we can count on the fact that the Kazon will be back. I don't think we can afford to keep doing business as usual. [Mess hall] A lot of us can say we're alive today because of Kurt Bendera. There was never a better man to have at your side, never anyone more willing to take on the tough jobs. The first time I met him was in a mining community on Telfas Prime. Some of the miners objected to my sense of humour and decided they should break a few of my bones. There were four of them and one of me, and I was taking a beating. Suddenly this man I'd never seen before came out of nowhere and evened things up. We stood back to back, and pretty soon the others decided my sense of humour wasn't so bad after all. I thanked the man. He just grinned and said, I like a good fight. He was my friend from that moment on, and he kept fighting the good fight right up to the end. I'll miss him. Ensign. (Everyone stands. The Ensign blows a bosun's pipe, presumably to pipe Bendera off the ship, and the service finishes.) But that's not why he thinks we should give the Kazon what they want. You have, but a lot of the crew feel they haven't had the chance to voice their opinions. A lot of the Maquis feel the Federation abandoned them years ago. You may be willing to die for Federation principles, but they're not. I don't. But isn't there something in between your position and his? [Turbolift] All I'm saying, Captain, is that maybe there's a little room for flexibility in interpreting Starfleet's protocols. Frankly I'm not sure they were ever intended for situations like this. Maybe this situation with the Kazon is the first example. Maybe we have to examine Starfleet's principles with a cold eye and ask ourselves if they're really applicable here. Make a deal, an alliance. With one of their factions, or two. If we had the Ogla and the Relora as our allies, the others would be afraid to touch us. With all due respect, maybe that's because your imagination is limited by Starfleet protocols. As Captain, you're responsible for making decisions in the best interest of your crew, and I think you have to ask yourself if you're doing that. [Tuvok's quarters] (Tuvok is tending his orchids when the doorbell rings.) You've got to be kidding! I think it's a bad idea. Fine. I'll talk with Seska. Yellow alert, all hands at the ready. Red alert! What are you doing on a Kazon ship? It happened over thirty years ago and the Kazon are still trying to punish you? It seems to me that they've learned their lesson. Mabus and his people have freely acknowledged that they were responsible for what happened to them. The Trabe have a lot of ships and a lot of weapons in that convoy. I think this alliance would be better than none at all. Who sent him? One of the Majes. Captain, I think you should consider not going to the conference.
Ten. I'm in. What have you got? That beats me. Tom? (Tom is staring at a Borg Cube coming straight for them.) CHAKOTAY: Battle stations! Return fire. Warp drive? Harry, get down there and see what you can do. Harry, status? [Delta Flyer - Jefferies tube] Then we're still in the game. Bring us about. Target their propulsion matrix. Arm photon torpedoes. Fire when ready. Good. Now get us out of here, Tom. Harry! [Delta Flyer - Jefferies tube] CHAKOTAY  Harry? Harry!  Neelix! It's all right. You were unconscious, but I don't think you're injured. Your subconscious was jumping the gun, but not by much. From the look of this room, I'd say we're in an assimilation chamber. He's not here. We need to get our bearings first. Figure out what's going on. Nobody we know. From the looks of it. Stay calm. We're not drones yet. If we keep our heads, maybe we can find a way out. There's a forcefield around this room. Let's try to disable it. [Bridge] Seven? Nothing serious. A previous tenant. Give my regards to Harry. [Cube - corridor]
They're using a cyclic pulsar to amplify signals from the MIDAS array, but the cycle only peaks every thirty two days. So far we've gotten tactical updates, letters from home, and news about the Alpha Quadrant. It doesn't look that way. Nice to have friends in high places. What? Do you find that surprising? You may have forgotten, but we haven't. You heard the Admiral. It'll be years before we have to deal with those issues. Let's worry about it then. Is that an invitation? You're on. [Zimmerman's living quarters]
Whatever she wants us for, it better be good. Bridge. I had you right where I wanted you. I was just lulling you into a false sense of security. I'll win the next couple of points, then you'll start to tense up. Easy, B'Elanna. It's only hoverball. [Bridge]  You wanted to see us, Captain? A beacon? See if you can authenticate the signal. I'd advise against bringing it on board before we've gotten a look at it, even if it is emitting a Federation signal. I don't know. Set the shield harmonics to rotate continuously. It's as if they know our access codes. Mister Kim, did you reroute power to Transporter room two? Bridge to Tuvok. [Cargo bay] Aye, Captain. Engaging tractor beam. I've got them, Captain. I should have known you were involved. Attempting to compensate. From the look of these sensor readings, Seska wants us to come after her. I think Seska's leading us into another trap. She masterminded a precision raid that made us look like first year Academy students, but she left a warp trail for us to follow. After such a flawless performance, why would she suddenly made that kind of mistake? No, I agree with everything you said about preventing the spread of our technology. But conventional tactics aren't going to work with Seska. We'll need to come at her with a few surprises of our own. I'm betting Seska's figured out a way to shield the module from our transporters. We might have to destroy it instead. We borrow a trick from Seska's book. Remember how we disabled the computer core on the Cardassian frigate orbiting Bajor? Exactly. One thing at a time. Why shouldn't I? Oh no? I let her join the Maquis. I took her into my confidence. I even got intimately involved with her. Well, I for one, am through being manipulated by her. So now I'm getting advice about controlling my emotions from you. [Kazon briefing room] Computer, when will we intercept the Kazon vessel?  Computer, when will we enter the Kazon vessel scanner range? Reduce power to maneuvering thrusters, and life support to five percent. Cut all power to other systems. [Kazon bridge] Computer, initiate continuous scans for the transporter oscillator.  Come on, Seska. Where did you hide that module? (Flashes of green light fill the shuttlecraft.) [Kazon bridge]  Come on, find it!  Gotcha! (boom) Computer, power the anti-proton generator. Target a concentrated beam to these coordinates. Initiate. Great. Computer, launch the automated message beacon. Now take the inertial dampers offline. [Kazon bridge] I'm right here. (Chakotay phasers the transporter unit, then uses his comm. badge.) Activate the message beacon. Lovely to see you again. (He surrenders his phaser to Seska.) [Bridge] To Voyager. If this signal has been activated, it means that I have destroyed the Nistrim's transporter capabilities. Captain, I apologise for acting without authorisation, but I ask you not to put the ship or crew in further jeopardy by attempting to rescue me. It's unlikely that I'm still alive. Chakotay to Voyager. If this signal has been activated [Kazon ship] (Chakotay is dragged into a small room and has his hands fastened behind his back. He has a nasty cut on his forehead.) I see the Nistrim take orders from you now. Lucky me. No, thanks. I have no interest in reminiscing with you. I destroyed the transporter module. The game's over. I think you'll find that technology useless. I wiped the computer core before I transported. So if you're going to have me killed, just do it. You can't possibly believe that you and I could still If you think I'm going to give you those codes, you don't know me as well as you think you do. Why are you telling me this? I'm touched. Voyager's not coming. I left them explicit instructions not to follow me, so you can stop worrying about people getting hurt. She's quite a woman, isn't she? Does she rub your shoulders and tell you you're the most exciting man she's ever known? That's what she used to do for me. What's a matter? Didn't she tell you about us? Flattery, devotion, sex. I always thought she had a lot to offer a man. You're wrong, Culluh. I'm telling you exactly what you need to know. She's using you. You've done an even better job on him than you did on me. Then what's she doing here? Watching you work? She used to like to watch me work, too. You know one thing I especially liked? The little mole on her stomach. I guess you've seen it. I'll give you something better. First hand information. When Seska's through with you, she's going to kill you. About keeping our technology out of Kazon hands. I thought if I did it on my own, I could keep the rest of the crew out of danger. Seska was my problem, a problem I felt it was my duty to solve. I thought I was doing the right thing. If that's so, I regret it. It means something to me, Captain. It means I've let you down, and for that I'm truly sorry. No. I think I've spent enough time alone with Seska.
Perhaps a metaphasic scan might be able to penetrate their cloak. Bridge to Astrometrics. [Astrometrics lab] CHAKOTAY Here's a copy of the Khitomer Accords. If we're still too close when their core breaches To them, your baby's sacred. It's unlikely they would do anything to harm her.  I'll be leading the team going to site A, Kohlar will be in charge of the site B team. [Transporter room] Harry. (Chakotay is knocked unconscious from behind. Harry gets thumped then phasered.) [Bridge]
We're hoping you can help us shed some light on what happened to our crewman. There's nothing mythical about what happened to Mister Tuvok. Why is your government so sceptical? I guess we're lucky thirteen. Good to see you up and around. We were just running a shield diagnostic. Would you like to take a look? They've been watching us all along.  We've lost them. [Tuvok's quarters] Nine million terrawatts? Whatever they're hiding, it's huge. They're charging weapons. They're firing. They're charging weapons again.
It's trajectory is erratic, and our sensors aren't detecting any stellar or planetary gravitational fields that could account for its motion. And yet it looks, feels, and tastes just like a comet. Captain? I'm showing a large build-up of baryonic particles. By a ship? How about Stellar Cartography? Well, that's going to be a problem with just about everything we assign him to.
Who's sending it? Malon? You heard her, Tom. Can you reinitialise the field? Clear a path to the control room. What kind of myth?  This chamber seems to be the least affected by radiation. We'll beam in there. We'll have to work our way up. Our Doctor's developed an inoculation. It'll temporarily prevent our cells from absorbing the radiation. Two, three hours. Then we'll have to work quickly. We'll take phasers to cut through any obstacles. Your concerns are noted. Get them inoculated. We'll meet you No, a lecture about how to treat guests aboard this ship. Agreed, but right now they're our only hope of repairing that freighter, so I suggest you make friends. This isn't the Captain talking, it's me, and I'm giving you an order. Keep your temper in check. Understood? Understood? I didn't hear you. B'Elanna, I need your expertise on this mission, not your bad mood. Neelix, I admire your dedication, but the crew can figure out lunch on their own. I think the Doctor's inoculation might be a better way to go. For what? It was an easy choice. You were the best man for the job. I'll take my chances. On our way. [Corridor] This corridor's filled with methogenic particles, highly charged. (Another Bang!) Take cover. (Torres removes her smouldering jacket.)CHAKOTAY: No more tricorders. (They get to a bulkhead.)PELK: Control mechanisms are down. We're going to have to open the airlocks manually. B'Elanna, go with him. I'd prefer to keep an eye on your progress. You abandoned ship, remember? You take your orders from me. Pelk, you stay with us. What? Chakotay to Voyager. Transporter status. He said the creature attacked him. Harry, Pelk is dead. Lock onto his signal and beam him to Sickbay. Ask the Doctor to determine the cause of death. Someone still needs to get up there and open the airlocks. Hold on. I'll join you. From now on nobody works alone. [Bridge] B'Elanna, go with him. We'll meet you outside the control room. I said go! [Malon Freighter Infirmary] We've got to get off this deck. Move! Ow, my head aches. I've got to get back to the freighter. What sort of tissue? Pelk said he was attacked.  Maybe the meditation's working. From what Neelix told me. You kept your temper in check over there.
Can we plot a course around it? I have the station on sensors, Captain. Three point four light years away, heading oh seven one mark one seven. We were hoping to find some magnetic spindle bearings for our reaction control assembly. No. Neelix. I thought you'd like to say hello to your old friend. Mister Wix was able to find those magnetic spindle bearings we were looking for. I don't know what we'd have done if he hadn't come up them. I'll let you two reminisce for a while. Thanks again, Wix. Murder? What's the charge?
 In this case the shortest path is a straight line. We'll pass right through the centre of the Milky Way. More or less. Two years, eleven days, six hours, provided we continue to operate at peak efficiency. And the scientist in you can't resist stopping to take a look. On the contrary. Everyone'll jump at the chance for some last-minute exploration. Let your First Officer deal with the personnel problems. [Mess hall] As soon as anything comes into contact with Voyager's atmosphere, it's affected. I thought you said the replicators Something happened to the ship months ago that's causing this decay. They tried to sabotage our life-support systems with low-frequency theta radiation. Any chance that could have caused the phenomenon? Let's keep looking. And failed. Next? [Sickbay] According to Neelix's manifest, those samples are stored in the geology lab. They're showing no signs of molecular degradation. Take us further back. The Demon class planet. One of our more interesting missions. We set down looking for deuterium and ended up helping a new form of life to be born. The silver blood. It sampled our DNA and created duplicates of the entire crew. Do they still resemble us? [Sickbay]  Is she? Scan for traces of deuterium, hydrogen sulphate and dichromates. Just do it. I want you to inject her with a dichromate catalyst. We've got to be sure. (The EMH does so, and Torres dissolves into a silver liquid.) That wasn't B'Elanna. It was a duplicate. A biomimetic copy. Not just us. The entire ship is composed of the same material. Eventually, we assumed their lives and set a course for Earth. There is one option. Go back. We were created to survive there. It may be the only way. Yes, ma'am. We've lost three more people. We've got to head back. Listen to yourself. You haven't even been alive for five years. Home is a class Y planet in the Delta Quadrant. We don't belong on Earth. That's a pretty big assumption, and it's putting this crew in danger. I'd like to think I know Kathryn Janeway pretty well myself. And as much as she'd like to get her crew home, I don't think she'd be willing to kill them in the process. There's no guarantee this is going to work. They seem to disagree. With our systems degrading, we won't be able to take this much longer. Lieutenant, follow orders or leave the bridge. Too bad. You're not. You're a biomimetic lifeform created in her image. I'm saying you need to step back and look at our situation objectively. No, I agreed with your decision to stand down. But how long can we adhere to Starfleet principles before we start making compromises? Belief alone won't hold this ship together. Not far enough. Tom and I aren't the only ones who question your decisions. Now that the truth is known, a lot of people think we should turn around and head for the class Y planet. They're starting to remember their existence before Voyager. What good is sentience if we're not alive to experience it? Kathryn, we've got to go back. Home isn't Earth. (Chakotay's face ripples.) Can you identify it? That debris, that couldn't be all that's left.
 Have you checked the warp core for radiation leaks today? You have a certain glow about you. Nothing ever rattled her. Not even the Cardassians.  Taya. Taya. It's the feminine form of Chakotay. What do you think? On second thought, you and Tom ought to come up with your own name. You look like you've been up all night. Want to get some coffee? Join us for breakfast? You know what? I forgot my PADD. Why don't you two go ahead. I'll meet you in the mess hall. (Chakotay leaves.)
But is it stable enough for us to enter, and if it is, where does it lead? If that's a wormhole, it must be the smallest one on record. Any idea yet where that message would end up, Ensign? I'm reading transmission of the test signal. The probe has received it and relayed it. Even if someone receives our signal, it might take them some time to figure out how to return it. Why would he have broken off transmission? If he's engaged in some kind of secret research he might want to conceal that fact. Aye, Captain. [Doctor's office] (Janeway enters Sickbay. The place is deserted.) With pleasure, Captain. (Torres runs in.) If it's successful, we'd like to try transmitting a test cylinder to you. Energise. [Transporter Room] Kim and Torres have made more than twenty transports of the test cylinder, even though she's still having trouble with that phase variance. Every one of them has been successful. But this is 2371. I'm afraid that's not possible either. We've already had a huge impact on this quadrant. People and events here would be drastically affected.
Full sensor sweep. Shields. (The planetoid goes KaBOOM!) We're trapped in a cloud of metreon gas. It's collapsed our warp field and knocked the impulse engines offline. The Malon, the Devore? We've made our share of enemies here.  There's the reason they didn't come after us. They've got reinforcements throughout the sector. And long range scans show more on the way. There's got to be a way out, something they haven't anticipated. Download the data for the Captain. She wants to see what she can come up with on her own. [Mess hall] Looks like there's nothing here.  I take it First Contact was a success? Glad to hear it. We don't have much good news of our own. Every escape route we've considered is clearly a trap, and more Hazari ships keep joining the search. Evasive manoeuvres. Target their weapons systems and return fire. I get the distinct feeling they won't take no for an answer. I'm still trying to access their primary database. Did you try a mind meld? I've found something. A series of encoded transmissions. I've got some bioreadings, but they're pretty scrambled. Where do we target the charges? We've still got to find them first. Captain? Captain, I'm detecting an unauthorised shuttle launch. It's Seven of Nine.
Feeling better? I found something you might be interested in. It's what my ancestors called a monkey wrench. It was lodged in your port nacelle. Judging by your sensor logs, it looks like you ran into it after your deflector field collapsed, but the big question is, how did it get in this quadrant? And it's old. That's about all we know. Looks like the Klingons beat Starfleet to the Delta Quadrant by a few hundred years. You may be holding the most important archaeological find in Klingon history. Maybe so. In any case, it makes a nice souvenir. (Chakotay leaves it with her. Torres puts it down on a table and goes to the replicator. When she turns back, blood is pouring from the insignia. Then she hears a multitude of voices, until it all vanishes again.) [Engineering] How are you feeling? Would you like to talk about it? Let me know when you decide. Try. I accept there are things in the universe than can't be scanned with a tricorder. What happened to you out there? Klingon mythology has been ingrained in you since you were a child. It's not surprising you experienced some of those images while you were unconscious. B'Elanna, your mother, the Barge of the Dead, those are just symbols. It's your subconscious mind trying to tell you something. You need time to digest what you experienced. You have to interpret the symbols and search for their meaning. My grandfather used to think he could transform himself into a wolf so that he could venture out to explore the spirit realm. It was real to him, as real as what your experience was to you, but that doesn't mean he grew hair all over his body and walked around on all fours. What do you think of the afterlife so far? Are you interpreting all the symbols? Searching your subconscious for their meaning?
If not months.  What about this course? It's a marginal adjustment. The nearest populated system is more than three light years away. What's her location? She's able to cross through the security fields. She's entering the armoury on deck six. [Turbolift] I'm erecting a forcefield. Harry, reroute all available power to deck ten. She used a site to site transport. She's in a shuttlecraft. Powering engines. No effect. She's remodulated the shuttle's shield harmonics. Tracked? How? It seems we've made quite an impression on the B'omar. In the last hour, they've doubled the number of ships patrolling their borders and they've increased the sensitivity of the perimeter grid by thirty six percent. The Doctor analysed the data from Seven of Nine's last transport. He's found something he wants us to see. Maybe this was inevitable. Even if Seven did want to stay on Voyager her Borg nature may have won out. We can remove implant after implant, but, maybe at her core, she'll always be part of the Collective. She may plan to take the shuttle back to Borg space. In the meantime, the B'omar intend to find her. And if they do, she'll probably resist them. You said the nanoprobes in her bloodstream were dormant. What reactivated them? Captain ? Standing by to fire.  We've disabled two of their ships. The third is still firing at the surface.
Not yet. How bad is it? Options? I don't want to leave the ship defenceless this close to a hostile planet. All right, power down the shields. Yes, Neelix. Did you get the tellerium? Then we need you here. Prepare to beam directly to Engineering. Chakotay to away team. Captain, can you hear me? Tuvok, Torres, please respond. Begin rerouting power back to all key systems. What happened down there? Are you sure it was the Mokra? Any idea how the Mokra knew you were down there? Could your contact be one of them? They've probably got the resistance movement under surveillance. Good work, Mister Kim. Mister Neelix, you're with me. I think it's time we contacted the Mokra. [Bridge] Mister Paris, set a new course. Bring us out from behind the moon and establish a standard orbit around the planet. Slowly. We don't want to look aggressive. What kind of response can we expect when they see us? On screen. Commander Chakotay of the Federation starship Voyager. No. Some of my crewmembers have already been to the surface. We've lost contact with them. I have reason to believe they're being detained. Thank you. If there's any chance for a diplomatic solution, we have to pursue it. In the meantime, I want continuous scans of the surface. Standard search pattern. [Detention cell] (Torres is examining the yellow glowing barrier around the doorway.) I assure you we have no hostile intentions. But not you. Then I'd like to talk to my crewmembers. I'll consider that, after I talk to my crewmembers. Talk to your contacts again. I want an alternative to sitting here waiting for him to get back to us. [Detention cell] Can you find a way to beam through them? The Mokra aren't familiar with transporter technology. Too dangerous. We can't risk beaming in. We have to find another way that the Mokra won't detect. Sounds like a challenge for you, Mister Kim. [Market place] So much for a surprise attack. And they won't know where to concentrate their defences. Then it'll have to do. How long will it take to modify the deflector? Chakotay to Paris. Is the rescue team ready? Prepare for transport. Initiate the radion beams. Begin the transport. Maximum shields. Damage report. On screen. Give me some good news, Mister Kim. That qualifies. Good work. Can we get through? That's a big assumption. In about thirty seconds the Mokra are going to open fire. I don't know how long we're going to be able to wait for you. Full power to the shields. (Boom!) Modulate the shield frequencies. Try to throw off their sensors. Redirect all warp power to the shields. We've got to get out of their weapons range. Scan one more time for the away team. Prepare to break orbit. Where are you taking us, Mister Kim? A blind spot? How long do you thing this'll work. I'll take every second I can get. [Prison complex] Chakotay to transporter room two. Do we have them? Gladly. Lieutenant, you heard her. [Ready room]
Where did that come from? T class nebula. A thousand kilometre diameter. Hydrogen, helium, argon. If you want some drama, take a look at this. (He hands over a PADD.) He's filing a formal grievance. His treatment by the crew. There's also a paragraph about his future on Voyager, and a proposal for his advancement. Dead serious and he wants a formal response, for the record. We're becoming drones.  Doctor? Can I have a word with you? Are you kidding? That was incredible. I just wanted to congratulate you. The Borg will have to think twice about attacking Voyager again. Nice work. Something wrong? [Engineering] Ship's status report. Federation law? Thinking about a career change? Captain, this ship needs its Doctor. He should focus on what he was programmed for. Medical care. Would you be comfortable handing over your ship to a computer programme? You might have to. He probably won't settle for less. [Sickbay] (The EMH is checking blood samples when he hears the sounds of the ECH party.) How do you know this? He's already helped us compensate for their cloak. I'm inclined to believe him. It won't bite. Captain, we're ready to proceed. [Astrometrics lab] Must be the Doctor's friend. Let's hear what he has to say. Doctor? Evasive manoeuvres. This is it, Doctor. On screen. [Overlooker Ship] Keep him occupied, Doctor. On screen. Go ahead, Doctor. You've earned it. (The EMH sits in the Captain's chair and smiles to himself.) [Doctor's office] SEVEN
Then what happened? Don't worry, Lieutenant. I'll take care of this. I've confined her to quarters. Formal charges? Come on, Tuvok. We're seventy five years away from the nearest court. Are you really going to hold her in the brig for that long? Well, I'd like to settle this on my own without filing charges and without involving the Captain. She's a Maquis, and in the Maquis, sometimes you have to push people out of your way to get things done. Look, Lieutenant, I don't have to explain myself to you. I'll deal with B'Elanna personally, and then I'll inform the Captain. You're to drop this matter. That's an order. You do that. (The doors close and Tuvok walks away. Chakotay gets out on another floor and is joined by two of his Maquis crew.) I don't know yet but I'll handle it. Not true. What does that mean? If I ever hear you talk that way again, I'll personally throw you in the brig for mutiny.  [Torres's Quarters] (B'Elanna is pacing like a caged tiger. The doorbell rings and she throws a bowl at it. The door opens and the bowl just misses Chakotay.) Here. (Chakotay hands her a PADD.) The medical report on Lieutenant Carey. I don't want to hear it! You might be interested to know that the impact fractures along his cranium were pretty severe. If you'd hit him just a little harder, you could have driven some of those bones into his cerebellum. So on the one side, I'm facing a Vulcan who wants court-martial you. And on the other, I'm facing all the Maquis who are ready to seize this ship over this. You've turned this into one lousy day for me, Torres. Rest of the trip. Seventy five years. Or I could send you back to work with the understanding that you'll apologise to Not just a simple apology. A personal one, over a hot cup of pejuta. Bond with the man. You're going to need support from people like Carey. You are if you're going to be Chief Engineer of this ship. This is not another example of my twisted sense of humour. You're a better engineer than he is. She hasn't said a word, because I haven't told her yet. Captain's log, Stardate 48439.7. As we maintain a course back to the Alpha Quadrant, we're conducting what would normally be routine maintenance to the ship. Routine, that is, if we had access to a starbase.  [Briefing Room] Captain, if we relocate all security personnel to deck seven, we can shut down power on deck nine and reroute it to propulsion. I've made a list of several Maquis crew members who would make good officers. (Chakotay passes her his PADD.) That's right. Chief Engineer. Very. Perhaps we should assign somebody to train with the hologram as a field medic. Bridge to Torres. We need a way to get that ship out of there. Any ideas? A subspace tractor beam? When can you have it ready? Get right on it. Use as many people as you need. Captain, I appreciate your concerns about Torres, but I promise you Me? In what way? I've worked with her. I know what she's capable of. We needed an answer right away and I knew she could give us one. If you look at it that way, none of my people will ever have seniority. I'm doing everything I can to integrate them into your crew, but frankly, you're not making it easy for me, Captain. But some of them, like B'Elanna Torres have the ability. You're asking them to accept me. Permission to speak freely. I have no intention of being your token Maquis officer. B'Elanna Torres. She's the best engineer I've ever known. She could teach at the Academy. You're right, Captain. I do consider these my people because nobody else on this ship will look out for them like I will. And I'm telling you, you're going to have to give them more authority if you want their loyalty. I'm trying to help you. I'm sorry you don't see that. I strongly recommend you get to know Torres before you choose a new Chief Engineer. Permission to leave. What's going on? Are we abandoning the rescue attempt? It looks like we're running into more spatial distortions. Who will represent Engineering? You should invite B'Elanna Torres as well, unless you've removed her from consideration. B'Elanna, do you think you can work with Mister Carey to clean up that signal? That's your hail. Are you saying we're the ones trapped in the singularity? Hold our position! Mister Tuvok, report. Mister Paris, as soon as we've recovered the shuttlecraft, lay in a course toward the rupture and take us out. We're almost to the rupture. Mister Paris is about to impress us with his piloting skills. There they are. Your staff. First order of the day. The Captain wants the warp drive back online by thirteen hours. Then maybe you need to go break a few noses, or at least bend a few. Lieutenant. (Chakotay leaves.) Are you checking up on your new Chief Engineer? And? Can I ask you a question, off the record? If things had happened differently, and we were on the Maquis ship now instead of Voyager, would you have served under me? (They walk down the steps to main engineering.)
Should I give her complete access to the engineering control systems? What are you working on? Any progress? I'd like you to set it aside for a while. I have another assignment for you. The Captain wants you to help Kovin integrate the new weapon system. Maybe so, but you seem to work well with him. You've been asking for more responsibilities, I thought you'd be pleased. You violated her trust, and if you want it back, you're going to have to earn it. One step at a time. He's only at half impulse. His ship may not have warp engines. I'm engaging the tractor beam. (Kovin fires a bright light at Voyager.) The fact that he's running shows that he's got something to hide. Until we find out what that is, we can't risk letting him go. Captain's log, stardate 51679.4. We've detected the warp signature from Kovin's ship and we're now in pursuit. In the meantime, Tuvok and I have been examining the tools from Kovin's lab. [Medical lab] Direct hit to the power grid. Captain? Shields are down. He's firing. (Kovin's ship goes KaBOOM!)
He had plenty of time to learn about the mobile emitter from the Doctor. What do you have in mind? Sounds like a mining operation. So you have had the pleasure of meeting him. Any sign of the Doctor or his emitter? We could drop out of warp at close range and grab him before he knows what's happening. He's trying to destabilise the tractor beam with a feedback pulse. Doctor. We're going to get you out of here.
I understand you wanted to see me. That's right. I can understand that. How can we help? Did you have something specific in mind? Something interesting just happened. Seven of Nine requested a duty assignment. She wants to work in Engineering. The Borg use transwarp conduits to travel through space faster than warp speed. If we could create one of them. That's where Seven of Nine comes in. She's offered to work with you. She's having a tough time making the transition from the Collective. She wants something to do. The bottom line is, I'm giving you an order and you're going to follow it, Lieutenant. We're not unsympathetic, but we have limited supplies. We Captain, we've picked up a carrier wave with a Starfleet signature. I'd guess it's Tom and B'Elanna, but they're not answering our hails. Our weapons are more powerful than theirs. I say we fight. If you've had this knowledge all along, why didn't you say so?
That asteroid should have been vaporised. What happened? Location? Bridge to Engineering. B'Elanna, I want you to beam aboard a sample of the debris from that last asteroid. Let's find out why it wasn't vaporised. Hail them. Notify Lieutenant Paris and the others. We may have a team down. Go ahead. [Engineering] I'll be right there. Ambassador? [Shuttlecraft] (The shuttle has landed. There is knocking on the hull. Tuvok opens the rear door.) B'Elanna, give me a hand with this. (They pull the rock apart to reveal technology inside.) Ambassador, I have a feeling these asteroids aren't striking your planet by chance. [Mag-lev carriage] They remodulated their shields to fool our sensors. We're being hailed. They'll be here in under ten minutes, Captain. The ship is within range. They're charging weapons. No effect. We can't penetrate their shields. [Mag-lev carriage] They're remodulating their shields. They're retreating, Captain.
We're under attack, Captain. Unknown, Captain. They're not responding to hails. It's definitely some kind of transporter beam. Backup systems are coming online. Chakotay to all decks. Full damage reports. They removed a lot. Five tricorders, three phaser rifles, a couple of photon torpedo casings, two antimatter injectors, a month's supply of emergency rations. Can you find the main computer processor? I agree. There's the door. Goodbye. Make sure he doesn't get lost on the way out. He sells weapons and technology. Which he confiscates from passing ships. There are a few items I'd like to get back. Where can I find him? You can keep what you've got. We'll call it even. Not really. These colours look good on you.  [Market place] Scan for the holoemitter. Her comm. badge may have malfunctioned. Keep a lock on the mobile emitter and stand by. All available power to the transporters. Let's try to get them out of there.  [Storage facility] Could be the processor. Lock on. Increase power to the confinement beam. With any luck, we might be able to pull the captain out of there along with it.  [Storage facility] The captain? Tom, take us into a higher orbit. Bridge to Torres. I want that processor back online. We've still got a captain down there. Good work, B'Elanna. Set the confinement beam wide and prepare to beam both of them back to the ship. How close do we have to be? Ready for some fancy flying? Go to Red alert.(The ships start firing at Voyager.) Evasive manoeuvres.  [Hillside] Hold on, Kathryn. Just a few more seconds.  [Hillside] Energise. (The Great Bird and its passengers are beamed away.) Get us out of here, Mister Paris.  Captain's log, stardate 51408.3. We're back on course to the Alpha Quadrant. With the ship's computer and the Doctor's emitter returned to proper places, I've set aside some time to check on the Maestro.  [Holodeck - Da Vinci's Workshop]
Don't kill the messenger. It looks like these space-time fractures are growing stronger. We're detecting temporal paradoxes throughout the ship. Internal chronometers show it's oh six hundred on deck nine and oh six hundred five on deck thirteen. Time's passing more quickly in some parts of the ship and slowing down in others. The same thing's been happening in the mess hall. Food replicated less than an hour ago is already spoiled. I'll get a team on it right away. In the meantime, we should evacuate the affected areas. There's one other problem. (Several versions of Chakotay appear as he moves.)CHAKOTAY: Turbolifts two and three are Time to test your new containment fields. [Jefferies tube] More distortions? We're losing structural integrity. The distortions are ripping us apart. We have to abandon ship. Another Kazon ship is approaching. [2372 Engineering] JANEWAY Any idea what's causing it? B'Elanna, status. I'll take it. Engage. Is this really the time to be chasing sensor ghosts?
About changing course or waking me up? Relax, Harry, you did the right thing on both counts. Hey, why don't you lead the away team? I'll monitor your progress from the bridge. Well, let's see. I haven't heard from him in almost five minutes so he should be checking in right about Now. If it's programmed to detonate, there's no telling how it will react. Then what? We've lost the transporter lock.  The weapon's been rearmed. They still can't gain access to Sickbay, or any part of deck five, for that matter. She's right. Our best option is to disarm it. PARIS: Good luck. It's got an internal sensor array. If we try so much as to loosen a screw, boom. (Neelix enters with a piece of tech.) Our friend in Sickbay. Who did you acquire it from? Scan for his vessel. If you find him, send an encoded message. Tell him about our problem. Looks like a cloaked ship. Open a channel. We didn't know what it was when we brought it aboard. But you might sell it to someone who does. I imagine you'd stand to make quite a profit. You seem awfully intent for someone only interested in salvage.  The forcefields around Sickbay are destabilising. He's trying to get a transporter lock on the weapon. No effect. [Sickbay]  The weapon's sending an antimatter surge back through the transporter We could access the holomatrix controls above Sickbay, disrupt the Doctor's programme long enough for Seven to inject the nanoprobes. What have you got in mind? I'm sure you'll manage. The weapon has access to our sensors. How do we make sure it won't catch on? How? Another hidden talent, Neelix? Okay, we get her inside. Then what? I'll inform the Captain. Get started. We're detecting thousands of them scattered throughout the region. He seemed to.  They're in.  They've gone into warp. In proximity to what?
In a nutshell, Harry. Why didn't you just say so? Next time, work closer with her from the start. Are you getting feedback from Seven's modifications? There's a massive power surge, like one of the ships is exploding. (A ship now comes into view.) This is Commander Chakotay. Who are you? If we can get an away team over there, we could stabilise her ship and tractor it in. Tom, Tuvok, let's find out what's going on. [Kellin's ship] Tom, try to get life support online. See if you can stabilise the hull. I'll look for the pilot. Hello? Can you hear me? Yes. I'm going to get this bulkhead off you. I'm going to pry the bulkhead off you. When I say now, get ready to roll out of there like your life depended on it. Ready? Now! (She moves. When Chakotay releases the bulkhead, the beam does fall. He takes the blonde woman with pointed ears in his arms.) Do I know you? Chakotay to Voyager, two to beam directly to Sickbay. [Sickbay] Not yet. (The EMH treats Kellin's concussion.) I hope so. Of course. Yes. In a manner of speaking. Can you start clearing up a few things now? If that were true, I'm sure I'd remember. Is this done through technology? Telepathy? Is that why the tricorder can't scan you? Why we couldn't get a transporter lock? Your ships are cloaked as well. But you say we've met before. Several weeks? Then why did you come back? Why the battle? Why ask us for asylum? Fine. I'm listening. She comes from Ramura. It's a closed society that won't tolerate anybody trying to leave. Apparently, she was disenchanted with that and wanted out. They're trying to bring her back. That's why she's asking for asylum. About a month ago. She says she's a Tracer, a kind of bounty hunter who tracks down people who try to leave their world. She found a runaway hiding on Voyager. That's what she says, but I think we have to find a way to verify her story. I agree. But I think we have to make sure she doesn't have some hidden agenda. If she was here there should be some evidence of it. She said a computer virus was planted to wipe all references to her being here, but I have to believe we can at least turn up some evidence of tampering. Harry, Tuvok, Tom. Do the same with her ship. See if the navigational logs support what she's saying. I want to make sure we're not being manipulated. Aye, Captain. [Astrometrics lab] How's it going? Then take them. I thought you might like to get something to eat, unless your memories of our mess hall aren't good. Now that's something that's hard to believe. (Chakotay and Kellin leave.) Very nice. Thanks, Neelix.(They walk away from the counter with their trays.) Why do you say that? I'm curious. When you were here before you said we worked together, but you also said you were here to retrieve a runaway. How was I involved? We? You said you were in love with me. You didn't say I felt the same way. Let's take it one step at a time. How did you get on our ship? And then what happened? On my ship, I give the orders. Put yours down. That's not the way we do things here. Chakotay to Tuvok. I'm in cargo bay two. I have our intruder. You're about to find yourself outnumbered. If you want to give me your weapon and explain what's going on, I'll listen. [Mess hall] What happened next? And did we? And you keep trying to talk about your feelings. I'd rather you stick to the events, not the emotions surrounding them. I don't want to play this game. I've been assigned to talk to you, to figure out whether or not you're telling the truth. Even if you are, I have no memory of meeting you, and I certainly have no memory of feeling anything for you. You might remember a relationship between us, but as far as I'm concerned, it didn't exist. I'm sorry. I just want to make it clear how I feel. Is there anything I can do for you? Gladly. Fire. I can do that, Captain. We'll have to climb up to deck ten. Is something wrong? There's always a first time. Look at it this way. If they do figure out we can spot them, they might realise they aren't going to be able to take you back. No. Something to help me sleep. Got any ideas? I agree. What's available in the tea area? Just mix me up whatever you think is the most relaxing. I know that. I'm just not sure how to answer you. Quite well, I think. I'm sure she is. She says she, or rather we, fell in love when she was here before. Since I can't remember any of that, I don't know if it's true. But somehow, it's hard to believe. I don't know. It just doesn't seem like me. I'm still suspicious of her. I don't know if she's using me in some way just for her own purposes. Not really. Your story seems to have been verified. I believe you're telling the truth. Don't go. (Later, they are laughing together.)KELLIN: It's called ice cream? I'm surprised you didn't have any the last time you were here. Then you should. We've met people with ships that are faster and more powerful, but Voyager's always managed to be a match for the best of them. Kellin, we'll keep you safe. That's a promise. But you know all the tricks. You can use them against anyone who tries to come after you. You said you were going to tell me about our last night together. Champagne? How was that? I'm sorry you didn't get your fugitive. If you think we can be of any more help, let me know. Ready to energise. (Instead, he triggers the magneton sweep, and a man appears.) I haven't had the chance to welcome you to Voyager. Too bad you'll be leaving so soon. [Chakotay's quarters] Neurolytic emitter? So we were celebrating? More than usual? But now you don't. [Corridor] If Kellin's going to be with us, the captain wants her to serve a function, to contribute in some way. Basically, she was a security operative for her people. She's a trained expert in weaponry, surveillance, fighting skills. Any idea where she might fit in? Tuvok, that was a joke. Don't deny it. You were trying to be funny. I do, and it was. Maybe so, but don't you think she'd be better off as a member of your security detail? Good enough. I've given that some thought myself. I'm sure she'll be happy to do that. You're jumping to conclusions. We'll protect you. I'm not going to let anything happen to you. No. We can use the same magneton sweep we used to flush out Resket. We'll find this one and send him on his way. (The Tracer decloaks.) Chakotay to Security. Intruder alert, my quarters. Drop it. Drop it! The Doctor says there's nothing he can do. Your recent memories have already begun to fade. Do you have any idea how we can reverse the effect? I will, but I'm going to try to do more than that. [Brig] Can the effects of the neurolytic emitter be reversed? Then I'll be the first. Tell me how the emitter works. How it affects the memory centres. What you're doing is wrong. She wants to stay here. You have no right to do this. Did it ever occur to you that the fact that so many people want to leave might mean that there's something wrong with your society? If there are so few, why not let them go? You may have wiped her memory, but Kellin's not going back. She made it clear to me that she wants to stay here. So maybe you should start practising what you're going to tell your superiors. [Kellin's quarters] The Doctor told me he'd released you. How are you feeling? Yes. At least, you did. I know. No. That's right, but. What I'm going to say will sound strange, but it's what you asked me to do before you lost your memories. You came here about a month ago, looking for a runaway. After you left with him, you decided to come back. Because you'd fallen in love with me. But it's what happened. We started to work together and I began to realise how unique you are. Before long, I couldn't get you out of my mind. Yes. And then we realised the Tracer was on board. After he used the emitter on you, you made me promise to tell you all of this, so you would know what happened between us. Kellin, don't go back with the Tracer. Stay here for a while, at least for a few days. We can get to know each other again. If you stayed, you might change your mind. I wish you both the best. (He gives Curneth his neurolytic emitter back.)CHAKOTAY: Energise. First Officer's personal log, Stardate 51813.4. Maybe it would be best, as the Tracer said, to forget about Kellin and the time she spent here. But I don't want to do that. I want to remember. [Mess hall] No, thanks. I'm almost done. It's the only way I could get a permanent record of what's happened in the last few days. I want to get it down before I forget it all. I've been trying to make sense of it. I fell in love with her twice. I thought she could do the same. We were the same two people on the same ship. Why didn't it happen again? I keep going over and over our last conversation, trying to think if there was something I could have said, could have done, but nothing comes to mind. Good night. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Oh, that. The Doctor was running generational projections on the Sickbay computer. Tom Paris happened to glance at the monitor and jumped to conclusions. Wasn't long before Neelix was asking me if he could turn Cargo Bay one into a nursery. Warp ten. Oh, by the way, I meant to tell you. There's a Class K nebula twenty five light years off starboard. We should take a look. We are explorers, remember? Can we ask you what it's supposed to do? I'm curious why you built this catapult. We can send an Engineering team over to help you. The catapult's locking onto him. Go ahead. On my way. [Astrometrics lab] What's this about? By whom? I see. And the point of this conspiracy? That's quite a theory. Perhaps you haven't heard of the Jankata Accord? The Federation signed it, the Cardassians signed it, and Captain Janeway would be the last person to violate it. What kind of evidence? I don't have the benefit of a cortical processor. Why don't you give me the abridged version? A Cardassian warship. The Caretaker was trying to find a mate, remember? He was pulling ships from all over the galaxy. You seem to have all the answers. Conjecture. I can believe the Cardassians might be involved in this, but not Starfleet. All right, you've got my attention. You said that Tuvok and Captain Janeway were involved. Tell me how. Tuvok. I'll admit the timing seems a little convenient, but that doesn't mean there was a master plan. So the Kazon couldn't use it to attack the Ocampa. She was keeping it from the Kazon. No. I can't explain that. Who used it to build the catapult. Which is what, exactly? You've uncovered some interesting facts. But your interpretation is far-fetched. These are random incidents. Granted, some of them are hard to explain, but there's no conspiracy here. I get the point. Absolutely certain? No. So we're going ahead with the jump? I'll take it to Engineering. [Engineering]  I want you to add a point zero three variance to these shield modifications. And you'll need another six hours to get them back online. I know. No, and I'm not going to. Not yet. (Chakotay brings Torres up to speed on Seven's conspiracy theory.)TORRES: She's pulling your leg. It's got to be some kind of Borg practical joke. She wasn't joking. Ridiculous? Seven has some compelling evidence. Good morning, Kathryn. All systems are operational. The crew's in good health. And by the way, is it true you've been lying to us for five years? I'm not prepared to make that accusation, but I can't ignore what I've heard either. I want you to delay those shield modifications. That'll give me time to check Seven's database, take a look at the evidence myself. That won't be necessary, Ensign. Too many cooks, Harry. You know how it is. We'll let you know when we're done. [Cargo Bay two] Could be. Must be. I wanted to make sure it wasn't malfunctioning. Why would they think that? If that's true, somebody might think you were trying to do the same thing. And if we had, your mission to the Delta Quadrant never would have gotten off the drawing board. The mission you've been on for the last five years. Seven showed me the sensor records. I saw the tractor beam. Same evidence, two different theories. Chakotay to the Doctor. Get down to Cargo Bay two. Run a diagnostic on Seven's alcove. Likewise. Gladly. [Bridge] Try to beam her out. She must have done it before she took off. I'm going with you. This isn't part of your mission, is it? Good luck. Mutiny? I don't believe a word of it. Seven was malfunctioning. We don't have that excuse. You didn't poison the coffee, did you?
Neelix, is it my imagination, or is our guest of honour drunk? Pray. (The EMH enters with Seven on his arm.) Ambassador, it's been a long day. Maybe you should get some rest.
It's not every day we go looking for the Borg. What's up? I want to help Seven as much as anyone, but if we're not careful we'll all end up with cortical nodes. You shouldn't do this by yourself, Captain.
Not at all. Making contact with new cultures is a priority for us. Any chance you could provide them? So much for our new deuterium injectors. Our escorts have broken off. They're going to warp.
I know she can be difficult. I'm getting tired of playing referee every time you two have a disagreement. If you have a problem, talk to her yourself. Part of the problem is your attitude. You've never tried to accept Seven as part of the crew. What do you want me to do? Throw her in the brig for the rest of the trip home? Chakotay here. On my way. You're a senior officer on this ship. Act like one. Find a None. [Astrometrics lab] Your call sounded urgent. You couldn't have extended the astrometric sensors that far. It doesn't look like we'll be able to keep track of it very long. Can we use the network to transmit a message? It would take too long to reconfigure the message, unless No word. Our link to the sensor net is stable. Seven of Nine is standing watch in Astrometrics. I tried to relieve her but she doesn't want to leave her post. She says she doesn't need to regenerate for the next few days. What are you doing? You're right. It's probably a mistake for us to get our hopes up at all. We've been through this before. All right, I'll admit it. I just finished a letter to my cousin in Ohio. [Sickbay] You got through to Starfleet?
Tuvok, can you boost the transporter signal? Aye, Captain. We think your shuttlecraft was caught in some kind of temporal anomaly. Yes, you could call it that.
According to Neelix, nobody's had direct contact with the Drayans for decades. All he's heard are rumours. No, just very private. [Turbolift] I'd feel better about this particular twenty minutes if we had some idea what to expect. I envied it so much I almost got myself shipped back to the academy for remedial training. On my first assignment we were sent to make contact with the Tarkannans. I studied all the information we had about them and pestered the Captain into letting me be part of the diplomatic team. When we came face to face with the Tarkannan delegation I very proudly made the traditional gesture for hello, not realising that males and females of their race use different styles of movement, and I was actually propositioning the Ambassador. [Transporter room] Om-nah-hoo-pez-nyeetz. That's from the spirits of my people. It means, peace in your heart, fortune in your steps. The reaction chamber is equipped with a compositor which allows us to re-crystallise the dilithium. In our situation we can never be sure when we'll be able to find a new supply. Some human cultures have done the same. [Drayan moon] (Bennet has been moved out of sight into the shuttle.) It shows. We could assure her we have no intention of interfering with their culture or traditions. Torres and Neelix just got back, but there's still no word from Tuvok and Bennet. How many search parties could it take to find two crash victims? What if they can't? Captain, maybe you shouldn't
What's that? I'd say over fifteen months even if we could sustain maximum warp, which we can't. They can't possibly have enough ships to patrol a border this size. We could probably find an unguarded section. Captain? I think we've found it. A way to get across the border without being detected. And we've found that this area shows no indication of their vessels. We can slide through, go to high warp and be through this narrow section of their territory in four days. That looks like thousands of ships. Maybe they haven't detected us. Mister Paris, take us through. If we can sustain that for twelve hours we'll be nearly a third of the way through. Red alert! Shields at maximum. Do you think they're trying to communicate? I'll say. As far as anyone's sensors are concerned we're lit up like a Christmas tree. How did that happen? Anything we fire is going to affect us instead of them. What about a photon torpedo? They're starting to drain our systems.
Yes. I'm a little dizzy, but I think I'm all here. After the attack on the shuttle, I had the sensation of floating above my own body. I thought I was dead. Yes. I couldn't speak, I couldn't touch anything. But then I found if I concentrated on someone who was in the room with me, I could share their consciousness. At first I could only do little things with the host's body. Push buttons, work a console. As time went on, it became easier to do more. I'm sorry I had to knock you around, Tuvok. To be honest, I feel like I never left. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Beautiful, isn’t it? Just admiring the view. There’s always time for Warp Field Dynamics, but you don’t Why didn’t our sensors detect it? Shields at full. Go to warp. Warp engines don’t just shut down when you scrape an energy barrier. We’ll have to beam to the surface. What are you trying to do? Big enough to get a shuttle through, I hope? I don’t think it’s serious. (He sits on a nearby log.) We've got bigger problems. I’ll be fine. Some of it might still be functional. Through the barrier? If we hurry we might still make that conference. Well, if we have to be stranded somewhere, we couldn’t ask for a nicer place. Looks like we’re not the only ones here. I’m reading residual lifesigns. They’re humanoid. No. But they share the same genetic traits. Whoever they are, they may be able to help us. Why don’t we give them the benefit of the doubt. The lifesigns lead in that direction. It’s better is we stick together, at least until we know whether they’re hostile. [Above a clearing] (Chakotay leans on Seven's shoulder as they make their way up a slope to look down on a group of people. One seems to be making a stone tool. They are wearing minimal leather No, I don’t suppose they can. But they’re fascinating, aren't they? I never expected to run into people like these on such a technologically advanced planet. You’re right. We should keep searching for debris. Argh! (He collapses in pain.) I’ll have to stay here and try to keep out of sight. I guess I don’t have to tell you to avoid interacting with these people.(Chakotay rests against a tree trunk.) It’s all right, Seven. They’re friendly. They’re treating my wound.(His injured leg has been put in a splint. She turns off her beacon.) They found me. There was nothing I could do. I didn’t want to expose them to our technology. Actually, your call scared them. They broke it. Look, they’re friendly, and I am hurt. We may as well stay the night. It’s good shelter. And my leg feels better since they put this dressing on. I’m going to get some rest. I suggest you do the same. (Seven sits near Chakotay. One young girl reaches out and touches her cortical implant.) [Corridor] River. (The man looks blank, so he pours water onto the wavy line.) CHAKOTAY: River. (The man holds one arm horizontal across his body and the other underneath with the fingers moving. Chakotay copies him, then puts a stone next to Where are we? (The man points to the place on the ground, then touches Chakotay's rank insignia.) This? (The man takes a small item from his pouch, then gestures to Chakotay and himself and holds his palm out flat.)CHAKOTAY: You want to trade? Well, I suppose it won't hurt. (They trade items. The man gathers air into his hand and brings it to his heart.)CHAKOTAY: I'll take that as a thank you. (Seven returns.) I didn't want to insult their customs. Any luck? Me too. I've learned to say thank you. (He demonstrates. The girl is watching Seven.)SEVEN: I was referring to communication with Voyager. It may be possible to construct a beacon by connecting these components to the shuttle's deflector. Did you find it? I'm not sure I'm up to that long a trip. I've started mapping the area. Here's the river we passed. This is where we beamed down. And we're here now. Six kilometres is a long way. Maybe one of them could guide you. The sooner you get to the deflector, the sooner we can get out of here. They know the terrain. Maybe they can get you there faster. All right, but be careful. Seven. This is how they say goodbye. (A fist over the heart, then the arm extends out with an open downward palm. Seven leaves. She manages to trip over a tree root and lose her tricorder down a hole in the ground. As she cannot reach it, she moves on. Back at the clearing, the man makes Chakotay a stout walking stick.) Thank you. (He hobbles over to a group of teenagers, and gestures fist over heart opening all fingers palm outwards.) CHAKOTAY: Hello. (Then he sees that they are painting copies of his tattoo on each other.) [Jungle] (It's dark, and a storm is brewing. Seven stumbles over a log and finds that she is walking in circles. Her hair is coming loose from its pleat. She sits down and hugs herself. There is a rustling nearby.) Seven, is everything all right? Nice to see you, too. Can you transmit the signal from there? Even if you’re right, this must weight five hundred kilos. How would we move it? We shouldn’t involve them. Your concern was justified. They’ve been gathering debris from the shuttle, using it to imitate us. I don’t want them helping. Is there a possibility that this dampening field could disrupt the barrier permanently? Let’s hope you’re right. [Delta Flyer] Back, behind the rise. Stay back. (Seven starts up the deflector and moves away, as the girl sneaks around for a closer look.) [Bridge] They’re impressive people. I just hope we haven’t traumatised them. Still, I think we transport all the shuttle debris back to Voyager as soon as possible.  That barrier has to go back up. Improve them? How? Can you honestly say that you know what’s better for them? What about the deflector?  Find the deflector. [Delta Flyer]  This is a beautiful blanket. If environmental systems ever go down, you might get cold. You know, I You first. In all the excitement, I never apologised. Causing you to miss that conference. I thought you were angry. Something's still bothering you? They know how to take care of themselves. I supposed it's possible. We might still be stranded there. I don't know about you, but I'm glad to be back on Voyager.
How long before the transceiver's back online? Then we'll still have time to transmit a response to Starfleet. Bridge to Astrometrics. Bring the enhanced shielding [Astrometrics lab] Harry, can you get a transporter lock? [Ferengi ship]
What's going on here? You were ordered to shut down Astrometrics an hour ago. We can't afford the power. Seven, it's inefficient. I appreciate your efforts, but we'll have to use conventional scanners until (Beep!) What? Where? Maybe so, but that's a Demon class planet. That's what Starfleet calls it. Also known as Class Y. It's got a toxic atmosphere filled with thermionic radiation. Surface temperatures are in excess of five hundred Kelvins. Just entering a standard orbit would be suicide. True. The good news is Nozawa and Seven of Nine have both been treated and released from Sickbay, and the planetary gases have been expelled from the transporter room. The transporters are offline. It'll take days before they're back again. He's got a point. You wanted to see me, Doctor? We are short on beds right now. We've got to adapt. Then Neelix and the others will get out of the way. What more can you ask for. Well, if you feel that strongly about it, Doc, I suppose we'll have to consider other options. For example, we could shut down your programme until you're needed. The Captain asked me to look for ways to conserve power, and it would spare you from having to listen to them snore. On my way. EMH: But(Chakotay leaves.) What's up? You want me to take another shuttle down and look for them? Or? Tom's going to be sorry he missed this. Atmospheric controls at standby. Landing struts online. Inertial dampers at maximum. We're on a declining glide trajectory. Altitude one hundred and fifty kilometres. (Whumph!) I think we're through the worst of it. Almost. Engaging landing struts. Brace for impact! (Voyager lands with a bump.) That's right. I can't do that, B'Elanna. You're needed here to complete repairs. Look, I know you're concerned about Tom and Harry. We all are. I'll have them back safe and sound in no time. You're right. I don't know what we're going to find. That's why I need cool heads. I think you're a little too close to this. B'Elanna, the clock is ticking. Go back to Engineering, do your job and let me do mine. What? You're recommending her? All right. I will. [Sickbay] Now you know why they call it Demon Class. I'm picking up the shuttlecraft. [Shuttlecraft] I hope you're wrong. [Planet surface] Looks like they went this way. Footprints. I guess you never assimilated any Indian scouts. [Cavern]SEVEN: High concentrations of deuterium coming from this fluid. I'll collect a sample. (She takes vial 758 from her sample case and is about to dip it in the fluid when Chakotay stops her.) Let's find Tom and Harry first. We'll collect the deuterium later Maybe they found some shelter inside. (A rock ledge gives way under Chakotay's foot and he falls, just grabbing on to the remaining edge of the pit in time.) Just the same, we'd better let the Doctor take a look at you. Chakotay to Voyager. Then we'll call again when we get back outside. I'm glad you're feeling all right, but none of us should be taking any risks until we know exactly what's going on. Where's Harry? Let's find him and get you two back to the ship. Are you feeling okay, Harry? Tom tells me you've already picked up twenty kilos. That should be enough to get the main systems back online. Let's get back to the ship. Have the Doctor take a look at you. It's not. I appreciate your enthusiasm, but we're going back to Voyager. Now. A few kilos. We're on our way back to Voyager now. [Bridge] Have the Doctor standing by. I think he's going to want to look at Tom and Harry. [Sickbay] As soon as we beamed aboard they started suffocating. Seeing what? What do you see, Harry? Connected how? Location? Go ahead. We found another Paris and Kim. [Bridge] Beam us directly to Sickbay. Acknowledged. Maybe so. But until we know what's going on, you've got to come back with us to the ship. Harry, no!(Demon Kim runs off.) [Bridge]
Get them out! I can't understand them. They won't stop talking! I don't know! Make them stop, please! [Bridge]  Doctor! I'm tired. I want to sleep. Aliens? But I don't understand what they're saying. I'm going to end up like my grandfather. A crazy old man. In the boxing simulation? I was injured. I came to see you. We had an argument. I was sparring with a Terrellian, and Boothby was there. He used to train me when I was a cadet. Three. Round three. The fight was going badly. I was avoiding my opponent. [Holodeck - Boxing programme] That wasn't so bad. Am I missing something? He barely landed a glove on me. He's not landing any punches. Have I got this sport all wrong? Three. Be my guest There's nothing like a good fight, Doctor. I was there when Pryce-Jones went twenty three rounds with Gul Tulet. The Knockout in the Neutral Zone. Best match I ever saw. You've got the wrong idea. It hurts. I saw something strange. No, before I got hit. I looked over at Boothby. He yelled at me. I turned back, then the ring got distorted. No, I was keeping away from him the whole fight. He never touched me. Just his gloves. (Whumph!) On my way. Ion storm? Nothing so massive could move that fast. Think of all the Starfleet vessels that disappeared under mysterious circumstances. Those aren't good odds. Computer, did you say something? Go ahead, Tuvok. On my way.(He looks back, and the gloves have vanished.) [Bridge] Report. Shields? Did you hear something? Don't you hear that? Look. (The boxing gloves on on Kim's station.) I'm not ready. Pretty soon we'll be singing duets. The family curse. My family doctor suppressed the gene before I was even born, so I never had to go through what the others did, like my grandfather. Never spar with a Vulcan. I'm all right. When I was a boy, my grandfather started seeing things nobody else could see, hearing what nobody else could hear. He refused treatment. A couple of hyposprays a day, that's all he would have needed, but he was stubborn. He said his spirit was in pain, but that the wound must be honoured. Crazy old man. [Bridge] By what? I need to go on a vision quest. Captain? Or help me control it.  Grandfather! what are you doing here? You didn't take your medicine this morning. The one the hospital gave us. Where are you going? I don't care what your spirit wants. You're going to take it. Come with me back to the house. Where are you going? Grandfather! Where are you? Answer me! They were trying to tell me something. I don't know. Yes. No! They'll make me go crazy. Chaotic space intersects ours at the eighteenth dimensional gradient. Voyager entered through a trimetric fracture. We must escape, or we'll be destroyed. We've got to alter our warp field. Rentrillic projectory. It doesn't make any sense. I can't understand it. I'm scared I'm losing my mind. It's too much! I can't! It's too much! Get them out! (A little later.)JANEWAY: First contact? I can't hear them. In their boxing ring. A strange ring. Yes. My opponent, Kid Chaos. Set your phasers to kill. Lower your weapons. I said, stand down. (Now Chakotay is in boxing gear. Boothby is his second, Paris his manager.) Let me see that PADD. I can't fight now. I'm not ready for this! I can't stay here! [Chaotic Bridge] You'll find another role model. You'll be okay. (In the Ready room doorway.) I'm doing this for you, for all of you! I'm not afraid.  I'm sorry! Please, come back! Grandfather, where did you go? I'm supposed to be watching you. We're going to get in trouble if we don't go back home. You have to come with me. There's nobody else here. I'm not! I'm not like you! Come home. No. Tell them to go away! I have to go home. I'm afraid. But I've always been afraid. You stopped the fight. I've got to go back. Let me go. No, let me get in the ring. Let me back in the ring. Let me(Paris sedates him.) [Bridge] Now do you believe me? They're the ones who scheduled the fight. They're promoting it. They're putting up the purse. It's not an hallucination, not a vision quest. It's a prize-fight! I know you, Captain. But you stopped the fight. You ruined my career. Nobody will put me on the card after this! They want to contact me. The people who live here. Yes. I saw him. He's got a couple of kilos on me, a few centimetres in height, but I can take him, Captain. I just have to stay off the ropes. Let me back in the ring. Captain. When have we ever turned away from a first contact? I've got to get in there. They're about to ring the bell. I understand. I'll try. (The EMH monitors micro cellular scan 407.) [Chaotic boxing ring] Looks like he's got a lot of upper body strength. A real puncher. Where's the scouting report? We don't know anything about this guy. I don't know who I'm up against! Boothby, where are you? Yes. We are far from home. We are lost. I understand! Maybe we're the ones who are too alien, too strange. We know that, but we can't navigate. Our sensors don't work in your space. How can I? I understand.  Get them out! I can't take any more punches! Duck, feint, clinch. I can't. They'll destroy me. You take the damn risk. Why? The crazy gene. The unknown. And I don't want to know. What will happen to me when they're done? I can't understand them. They're talking too fast. Too many words. Too many words. I'm scared. I don't want to die. Eighteenth gradient. Trimetric fracture. We have to modify our deflector. We have to induce a paralateral rentrillic trajectory. I think I understand. It's making sense. I can make the adjustments myself. I have to get to the bridge. I don't know how much longer I can keep it in my mind. [Bridge] He's got a right uppercut almost knocked me out. Move over, Harry. They showed me how to get out. Out of the way. I can't! It's too difficult to explain It must be altered. Stay and we'll be destroyed. Activate the deflector. Maximum amplitude. Bring sensors online. Maximum impulse, now! Boxing helps me unwind. See you then. Computer, run Chakotay training programme fifteen beta. [Holodeck - boxing programme] I thought I'd spar for a few rounds. I've got a clean bill of health. I'll double up on the left jabs and see what happens. I'm ready.
His last shift ended four hours ago, and he was scheduled for time on holodeck two when he went off duty. No one has seen him since. Can you shut it down? All right, let's go in. [Holodeck - Forest] (Night time. Frogs are calling.) Computer, identify programme. An ancient English epic, set in sixth century Denmark, if I remember correctly. It's about a hero named Beowulf who fights a creature that's terrorising a kingdom and murdering its subjects. Monsters and swordplay. That sort of thing. I can't determine the source. (A spear flies past and stick into a tree.) The holodeck command systems must not be functioning either. Yes. We are Beowulf's kinsmen. My name is Chakotay and this is Tuvok. Have you seen Beowulf? This is Harry's holonovel. It'd make sense that he'd be playing the hero. She might be able to help us figure out what happened to him. Yes. But first we'd like to know more about how Beowulf died. Could you tell us exactly what happened to him? That's the monster who's been attacking you. Did anyone actually see the battle? Then I think we'd like to see this Grendel for ourselves. Chakotay to Janeway.  [Bridge] (Paris and Torres are at the rear science stations.) No. If we shut down the programme, we'd know if he's here or not.  [Bridge] Every culture has its demons. They embody the darkest emotions of its people. Giving them physical form in heroic literature is a way of exploring those feelings. The Vok'sha of Rakella Prime believe that hate is a beast which lives inside the stomach. Their greatest mythical hero is a man who ate stones for twenty three days to kill the beast and became a saint. That might account for its popularity. Chakotay here. You're saying he might have been converted into energy?  [Bridge] Something's coming. I think Grendel may be paying us a visit.
I'll be calling my sister. What about you, Captain? So how long do you expect the revisions will take? Could we claim defamation?
He's going to take us to the exact location of the attack. We'll be able to scan the site itself. That's what it looks like, Captain [Bridge] They could have stopped here. Kes could have rested against this rock. Go ahead, Captain. Acknowledged. It's finished. There's nowhere to go now, Doctor. If we can delay him. Doctor, listen to me. We can help you, create a new programme matrix just for you on the holodeck or in sickbay, wherever you want to be. Just turn off the scattering field. Let us beam you back to the ship. Doctor!
We're scanning a Numiri vessel approaching. They're at combat readiness, Captain. Evasive pattern confirmed. Captain, if you don't mind, there's a Maquis trick we sometimes used to get out of situations like this. B'Elanna. Remember Teluridian Four? The two Starfleet runabouts? Cut all engines. Tuvok, lock phasers on their navigational deflectors. It worked against those Starfleet runabouts. Besides, out here in the Delta quadrant, every old trick is new again. That's our cue. Fire phasers. Engage impulse engines. I have more. Yourself? They're going straight for the shuttle, just as you said they would, Lieutenant. [Shuttlecraft] The shuttle's being released. The Numiri ship is withdrawing.
Stop! Doctor, don't do it! Doctor, don't listen to him. He's lying. Step away from the warp core, Doctor, don't do anything that man tells you. You're in danger if you do. None of this is real. That's right. But it's not the simulation you think it is. Everything around you is part of a holographic projection that's being created by your programme. You're on the holodeck on Voyager. The Captain suggested you take a day off, try a holonovel, so you did. But while you were running the holonovel, there was a kinoplasmic radiation surge in the imaging system. It created a feedback loop between the holodeck computer and your programme. All of this, including Mister Barclay, is a holographic simulation generated by your codes, subroutines and memory circuits. I'm a projection. I'm really at the holographic control station in Engineering. You're trapped on the holodeck. We've been monitoring the programme from here and we've been trying to reach you for hours. That's because your memory circuits are being eradicated by the feedback loop. We have to get you off the holodeck, transfer you back to Sickbay. That's not true, Doctor. Because of the feedback loop, if you destroy the simulation, you will be destroyed as well. If you shut down this simulation your programme will be wiped out right along with it. There'll be no way to retrieve the lost data. You'll be gone. (The EMH gets another headache.) What you're perceiving as pain is really the feedback loop eradicating your memory circuits. Don't do anything. We're working on the problem right now. We're close to a solution. Doctor, trust me. This is all a holographic delusion drawn from people and experiences in your own memory circuits. You are malfunctioning. If you listen to her, you'll end up destroying yourself. This isn't about what you want. This is about what you are. Just because you're made of projected light and energy doesn't mean you're any less real than someone made of flesh and blood. It doesn't matter what you're made of. What matters is who you are. You're our friend, and we want you back. Doctor, we're close to getting you out of here. Try to hold on! (Kes caresses the EMH.) That's right. We encountered a subspace anomaly and there was a radiation surge in the computer system. Your wife?
Distance? What's it doing in the Delta Quadrant? The fissures?  Hello? Is there anyone here? (to Torres.) See if you can bring main power online. We'll try to find one of their engineers to help us. In the meantime, see if you can bypass the core. Hang on. (He clears the debris.)CHAKOTAY: I'm Commander Chakotay, U.S.S. Voyager. That's what we used to think. Come on. [Equinox Jefferies tube] Problem? Bad memories? Actually, I could use someone with your engineering abilities. In a few weeks you won't even recognise the Equinox. You'll be happy to go back. I don't think your Captain would appreciate that. He's got a skeleton crew as it is. [Turbolift] Claustrophobia? It's only a graviton relay. Nothing to worry about. I could use the exercise. [Astrometrics lab] How's that possible? Reroute power. It looks like they've changed their tactics. We may have less time than we thought. [Briefing room] We could cut the time in half if we evacuate all personnel from the Equinox and focus our efforts here on Voyager.  Before we abandon the Equinox, we should try to salvage any useful components. Let's start with your dilithium crystals. Please. Tell Neelix to make room in Cargo Bay one. Depends. What is it? ' Never heard of them. The feeling's mutual. Those modified plasma injectors looked elaborate. What were you trying to do? Granted. You'll see him again. Assemble a salvage team. Captain? That's up to Captain Janeway. You'll be confined to quarters until we can find a way to make peace with these lifeforms you've been killing. If it's not too late. You could have stopped yourself. Why didn't you? Well, think about it now, because we need your help. After you. [Astrometrics lab]  We're having trouble making sense of all this. Do you know the decryption codes? Your captain's been relieved of command. You take orders from me now. Do you have the codes? Think of it this way, Ensign. You might live with yourself a little easier. (Gilmore starts entering the codes.) They're holding, but at this rate it won't be long before the aliens break through.  We don't have much time. Shields are weakening. They're down to eighty four percent. [Astrometrics lab]  Shields down to fifty two percent. Forty percent.  Shields are failing. We've got less than one minute.  Shields are down. (The whine of incoming fissures can be heard.) I'd ask for a status report but I'm not sure I'd want to hear it. Well, I once figured out how to speak with a Terrelian seapod. This couldn't be that much harder, Once I get out of Sickbay, I'll lend him a hand. First things first. We've got to stop these attacks. A small olive branch is still an olive branch. Set your weapons down. Somebody's got to start trusting somebody around here. If it's all the same to you, I'd like to take another stab at the message. If we can reroute  Want your First Officer's advice? You'd make a great First Officer. It's advice worth taking. Is this really about Seven, or is it about Ransom? You've been known to hold a grudge. This man betrayed Starfleet, he broke the Prime Directive, dishonoured everything you believe in, and threw Voyager to the wolves. Yes, he is. You said it yourself. He's human. I don't blame you for being angry, but you can't compromise the safety of this ship to satisfy some personal vendetta. You wanted to see me? The last time we spoke you weren't exactly receptive. I understand that, but they're the ones who introduced Ransom to these lifeforms. It stands to reason they might be able to communicate with them, tell them to call off their attacks. Not yet. Yes, ma'am. [Equinox Bridge] Four to beam up. [Equinox Bridge]  Stand by. Captain, if we loose our shields, we'll be attacked by the aliens. Captain! There's no plan as far as I know. The captain's on her own.  What are you doing? Don't do this.  He's a loyal officer. He's not going to betray his captain. Put up the shields. Captain! Damn it, Kathryn!  Okay, you've demonstrated your loyalty to your captain. Fine. Now let's talk about the Ankari.(Janeway walks away, grim-faced.) [Briefing room] Apparently, they use a unique form of propulsion, which makes them hard to find. It's worth a try. Mister Lessing has agreed to show you how to adjust the sensors. Once you find the Ankari ship, set a course. I'm afraid not. The rest of you continue with the repairs. Dismissed. Our first priority is to get Ransom. If there's one thing you've made clear, it's that. You almost killed that man today. It was a bad call. I don't give a damn about your log. This isn't about rules and regulations. It's about right and wrong. And I'm warning you, I won't let you cross that line again. What's happened to you, Kathryn? Coming along. [Bridge] A lot of frayed nerves. Neelix is organising a potluck to help boost morale. I'm replicating the salad. The thought had occurred to me, but that would have been crossing the line. Let's put it back up where it belongs. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
We may be able to help you. Doctor? An away mission. Good enough. It'll take us about three hours to reach you. Life signs? Doctor, don't forget, you're not invulnerable. If anything happens to that portable emitter, your programme could be lost. You heard the man. I appreciate your attention to detail but we don't need that much information. Let us know when you've found the miners. [EMH narrative - Garan Mine] You mean the virus has grown? The virus isn't in our database. The biofilters might not recognise it. You'll have to settle for tricorder data. [EMH narrative - Garan Mine] Doctor, away team guidelines specifically forbid the transport of unknown infectious Purge the filters. Any luck? How long before the antigen's ready? That gives us time to rendezvous with the Captain. We'll deal with this after she's aboard. Compassion is nothing to be sorry about, Doctor. It won't be the last time you're faced with a moral dilemma in the field. But if it makes you feel any better, your performance was exemplary. Acknowledged. Red Alert. Initiate level four quarantine protocols on deck two. All hands, this is Commander Chakotay. We've detected an airborne virus in the mess hall. Deck two is under quarantine. No crewmember, repeat, no crewmember is to enter or leave any section on deck two. Stand by for further instructions. Good morning, Captain. Here's an update on repairs. They're fine, although the Doctor tells me a few people are still reporting post-viral queasiness. Aye Captain. Speaking of R&R, a few of us are going skiing on the holodeck. The Ktarian glaciers. Fresh air, good work out. Care to join us? Not your cup of tea? Understood. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Captain, this is Mister Orek. He's chief of mining operations on Telsius Prime. Our ship's logs will confirm what the captain's been telling you. We could find them and recover your property before they cheat someone else. Yes, ma'am. (Big Whumph! and consoles explode.)CHAKOTAY: Now our tractor generator's offline. They're gone.
And too dangerous. You could be hit by the same spatial eddies that sent the Flyer off course. I was just contacted by an alien transport vessel. They picked up the Delta Flyer's distress call. They couldn't get a fix on her position. That was ten days ago. Less than ten days. I've already narrowed the search parameters. Captain. [Open Air Theatre - night]
So much for R and R. (Paris enters.) Have a seat. I'm sure the captain wouldn't object. What's on your mind? What did you have in mind? And risk an all-out confrontation with the Mari? You're probably right. But before we start resorting to extreme measures, don't you think we should give the captain a chance to find a legal solution? I'll tell you what. Why don't you come up with a rescue plan, one that minimises the possibility of violence, and I'll review it. Can you blame me? So am I. If your plan is sound and the captain doesn't have any luck on her end, I'll recommend we attempt the rescue. Tom. I may have let you sit in the captain's chair, but remember, she's still the boss.  [Ready room] Still no sign of him.
A concentrated mass of oxygen and hydrogen. Lots of animal and plant life. According to these readings, it's bigger than the Atlantic and Pacific combined. According to our estimates the ocean could experience a complete loss of containment in less than five years. Any way we can seal it? Nothing. I'm picking up an object on a slow ascent. It's the Flyer. [Delta Flyer - lab] Try a tractor beam. He cut us off. What about an old-fashioned depth charge? We could programme it to detonate once it's in proximity to the Delta Flyer. He's started his ascent.
Acknowledged. I heard you the first time, Harry. I'm aware of that. Harry, you and I were lucky enough to enjoy the Doctor's scintillating exhibition for two full hours. Would it really be fair of us to deny our friends the same unforgettable experience? Source? Too late! Engines are down. No injuries. What sort of download? Harry, try all the standard decryption algorithms. Lifesigns? Looks like there were over ten thousand separate sounds used in this section of the message. Maybe we can get a little help from the alien vessel's databanks. We don't know where they are. They might turn out to be unfriendly. It's worth a shot. [Bridge] I remember some of the Maquis under my command talking about an infamous Cardassian doctor. The Cardassians didn't exactly publicise their wartime medical practices. I wouldn't be surprised if the real Moset went on to live a normal life. Come in. This request of yours to be relieved of duty. I won't grant it. For what reason? I understand how difficult this is for you, but you've got to let go of the past. Focus on today and today, B'Elanna's life is in danger. Everything else should be put aside. It's not that simple. Even if the Doctor could perform the surgery without Moset's help, he'd still be using the man's research. That would be going against B'Elanna's wishes. We'd be setting a terrible precedent. Tom. This isn't about rules and regulations. This is about doing what's right. Enough, Lieutenant. Origin. Can we dampen it a little? TUVOK: Negative. (Then it goes quiet.) Shields! [Holodeck - Moset's lab] Reroute emergency power to the holodeck. Send an antimatter surge through the shield's matrix. See if that'll loosen their grip. We've lost power on decks seven through twelve.
Density patterns on the surface show artificial waterways and a global aqueduct system. There is a civilisation down there, Captain. So it's possible that the Captain and Paris are existing only hours and minutes before the explosion occurs. How do we find them? Wide enough for the Captain and Paris to get through? Can't we re-initialise the generator and start again? How do we prevent one of us getting trapped in a fracture? Nice work. (Neelix and Kes enter.) We're getting ready to leave right now. There's nothing down there you want to see, Kes. What is it? I know. It's like walking through a graveyard. What have you found? The subspace beacon? Can we locate the source of the signal? Is there a subspace fracture anywhere in here? Set up the equipment.  [Room] Chakotay to Janeway. [Room] If it were me, I would have tried to get there. You think you can locate the flash-point? Let's go. [Outside the Power Plant] Do we have subspace fractures to work with here? Set up the equipment. If Kes is right, the Captain was here at the moment the explosion occurred. Is there anyway to break through subspace a few minutes before the detonation? Chakotay to Captain Janeway. (Janeway and Neelix enter.) We've identified an M-class planet in the red dwarf system we're approaching. Do you want to change course to investigate? Aye, Captain. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I thought we were trying to disable it. Captain? Eight kilotons of debris, most of it hull fragments. So far we've recovered two power nodes and a dozen plasma conduits, all in working order. B'Elanna found a transwarp coil. (Janeway picks up a metal sphere.) It was only a probe. Next time, we might not be so lucky. Better safe than assimilated, Maybe I should go to red alert and get it over with. You're about to drop one of your bombshells. The way you fiddle with your com. badge. You do it every time. What seems to be the problem? At least the Doctor found a new toy. Specifically? Are you planning a heist? I'd like to see the data on that Sphere. We might be able to recreate parts of it on the holodeck, run a few tactical simulations. Looks like they took a real beating. You've got fifty five seconds. [Borg Sphere] Tom? You're out of time. [Borg Sphere] Beam them out of here. Computer, freeze programme, both holodecks. What happened? Chakotay to holodeck two. We got the transwarp coil  [Holodeck - Transporter room] Did you run into any problems? [Holodeck - Transporter room] Move the shuttle in closer. Bridge to Transporter room two. [Transporter Room] Energise. The Sphere? Keep a sensor lock on the away team. Maintain course. [Borg Sphere] (Seven is given an image of herself as a Borg in a regeneration chamber.)QUEEN Lock onto the coil and energise. [Borg Sphere] The sphere has detected Voyager. They've altered course to intercept and they're charging weapons. We've got to get you out of there now. Full power to weapons. [Borg Sphere] Where's Seven? The Sphere's changing course. They're retreating. No sign of Borg activity. We made a clean getaway. It hasn't shown up on long range sensors or subspace telemetry. It could be anywhere in the quadrant by now. Understood. Maybe she'd been planning it all along. But never direct access to a Borg vessel. I will betray you. That's what she said two years ago when you disconnected her from the hive. It turns out his hunch was right. The drone had been receiving direct commands from this Borg Queen. I analysed the comm. signals. Look at the transpectral frequencies. I'm afraid they never got a chance to find out. You think Seven was instructed to leave Voyager? If you hadn't, we might all be drones by now. Captain? If you're planning a rescue mission, that research will only take us so far. I've studied their log entries long enough to realise that as brilliant as the Hansens were, they made a fatal mistake. They became overconfident. Battle stations. [Delta Flyer] Voyager to Delta Flyer. Report. Target the threshold perimeter. Photon torpedoes, full spread. It should destabilise the matter stream and implode the conduit for at least a light year. Fire.[Delta Flyer] the conduit. No sign of Borg activity. [Delta Flyer] Source? I thought you collapsed it. Stand by weapons. Captain [Delta Flyer]
So was I. Then you must have been ordering sake, because Takashi's knee broke the sand and the referee gave the match to Kar-pek.  Doctor. The Captain thinks it's for the best. I'm sorry. B'Elanna and Seven are setting up the procedure right now. In the meantime, you're to brief Mister Paris about any experiments you're performing, any tests. I want you to go along on a few of the shuttle surveys. If I can talk you into it. You launch at nineteen hundred hours, shuttlebay one.
It won't. They've lost propulsion. Energise. Reset the pattern buffers. Is everyone all right? (The EMH glitches.) Well enough. What's new? Sounds like you're enjoying the big chair. I hear you've been doing a fine job. The crew's impressed. Is it true you make them call you Captain Kim? (Seven enters.) Good morning. Problem? Harry? Maybe it's a false alarm. Your transceiver could be malfunctioning. Why don't you pay a visit to Sickbay. In the meantime we'll redouble our scans, just to be sure. If you don't mind being an Ensign again. (Mulchaey arrives for duty at the science lab. He enters the green lit room carefully and starts scanning with his tricorder. But he gets too close, and tubules lance into his neck.) [Sickbay] To where? Bridge to science lab. Ensign Mulchaey, respond. Harry. Red alert. Captain to the bridge. Tuvok, take a security team to the science lab. Chakotay to Seven of Nine, looks like you were right. [Sickbay] The Borg vessel's moving into range. What happened?
