 Yes, yes, yes, Lonzak, what do you want? Where's Proton? Fool! You will pay for your incompetence. Seize him! More Earthlings? The Fifth Dimension. Bring them to me. (The two aliens are brought in.) You insult me. I am Chaotica, Ruler of the Cosmos. You have invaded my planet. Why? Are you alone or are you the vanguard of an invading army? I am growing weary of this charade. Your armies will be no match for my space force. We'll crush you like insects. Indeed. Lonzak, execute them. (Lonzak obliterates one alien, the other has himself beamed away. Constance screams, of course.)CHAOTICA: Coward. He'll learn there's no escape from Chaotica. Gather my Space Force. Power the Death Ray. Take Miss Goodheart to Arachnia. Invite the Queen to join me in battle. Together, we will rain destruction on the Fifth Dimension! (Constance screams as the Robot approaches her.) Captain's log, supplemental. We've been spinning our wheels for three days now, and still no progress in breaking free of the subspace layer. [Mess hall] Full power to the Death Ray! Arachnia, Queen of the Spider People. You have not responded to my summons. Don't (Seven mutes the sound.) Argh! Full power to the Death Ray. (He uses his broadcast microphone.)CHAOTICA: Citizens of the Fifth Dimension. Your feeble attacks are nothing but pinpricks to me. Surrender now and I will be merciful. They are surrendering. What are you waiting for? Show her in. Ahh. At last, at last. My Queen. (He kisses her hand.)CHAOTICA:  This is an historic occasion. Kindred souls meet at last. Ah, your taste is exceeded only by your beauty. That, my dear, is the Cradle of Persuasion. It's fully equipped. Brain probe, pain modulator. Yes. As long as it's electrified, I am invincible. But my greatest achievement is there. Behold, the Death Ray. The most powerful in the cosmos. There is so much more I want to show you. My throne, for example. The seat of my Empire. Your perfume inspires me. (She tucks the vial into her sleeve.) Oh, please. (Janeway sits on the throne.) Join me and you will have your own chair. One adorned with the most precious jewels and the softest silk. Of course, my dear. Forgive me. It's just that the air itself seems to vibrate in your presence. We'll send them directly into battle, alongside my space force. Gratifying. Of course, if I lower the shield my fortress will be defenceless. Even an ally might choose such a moment to seize my throne. There is a way you could convince me of your loyalty. I'll lower my Lightning Shield but first, you must become my Queen! Gather my courtiers! Prepare for the ceremony! Very well. Do as she says, once her guests have arrived. And so, my dear, the day you have always dreamed of has arrived. The day you become Bride of Chaotica! [Holodeck - Planet X] (The EMH is dressed in a sober suit, just like the aliens. His breast pocket bears the insignia of the Federation of Planets. He has picked up one of the alien's devices. He Why this preoccupation with the Shield? Ah. Because of the incompetence of your inferiors, no doubt. Oh, Arachnia, my love, my life. how well you understand our plight. If it weren't beneath my dignity, I, I would weep. How I've longed for someone who would understand. No longer, my dear. Target his rocket ship. (Janeway knocks out the minion at the controls and takes his ray gun.) CHAOTICA: You have betrayed me. You are in league with Proton. Impetuous harlot! What are you waiting for, you great lummox? Kill her! (Lonzak's ray gun has no effect.) The confinement rings. (Lonzak presses a button on his belt, and Janeway is trapped inside a cylindrical forcefield.)CHAOTICA: Oh, don't worry, I wouldn't kill my bride. Not until after our wedding night. Reactivate the Death Ray! Destroy Proton! [Holodeck - Proton's ship] Not for long. Fire at will. (Janeway unstoppers the vial of pheromones.)CHAOTICA: Lonzak. (Lonzak takes over Chaotica's place at the Death Ray.)CHAOTICA: (to minion.) Man the Lightning Shield. (The pheromones go up Lonzak's nose. He goes over to her.) Lonzak. Quickly, Lonzak. No time for dawdling. Back to your station. (Janeway knocks out Lonzak and takes his weapon.)CHAOTICA: Idiot! (She shoots the stooges.) Such passion, such strength. Together we could conquer the universe. End this madness, and you may yet live to be my Bride. Arachnia, death as you know it has no hold on me. My defeat is but a temporary setback. I shall return to seek my revenge. Our love was not meant to be, my Queen. But be warned. You have not seen the last of (gurgle) Chaotica.
Fool! Don't you recognise the Queen of the Spider People? Arachnia, my bride. I knew you'd return to me one day, so I could watch Arachnia, you beguiled me once with your foul potions. Did you think you could toy with my affections again? If I order Lonzak to pull that lever, you'll never mock me again. Eighth? Everyone knows there are only five dimensions. Very well. I'll humour you. Lonzak! They've sabotaged my laboratory. Oh, Arachnia, you do love me. Or I yours. Together we'll rule the cosmos and grind our enemies into dust.(Chaotica kisses her hand, then works his way passionately up her arm.) [Corridor]
Oh, but I shall. Your once proud country will fall to its knees. How ironic that I am using your rocket ship to lead my space force into battle!. No! (Enter our hero, with back pack and ray gun.) Captain Proton. But I saw you fall into the fiery mouth of that volcano. There is one force in this universe that even you cannot defeat. (The girl screams. The Doctor enters, the only person in colour.) Who is this insolent fool? Enough! Robot, attack! (The girl screams again. The Robot is a far cry from Robbie.) Destroy them. Start with him.
