Jeffrey, Belle, you're going to be late if you don't hurry. Come on now. Line up next to the door, children. Your father's ready to leave for work. All right, show me your fingernails. Very nicely done. Are your shoes polished? Perfect. I'm very pleased, children, and I'm sure your father will be too. (How very idealistic 1950s USA.) Now, children, little birds in their nest get along. All right, now. Bright, happy faces. I'm so glad you like it. I replicated a new blend from Paxau three. Now don't let them overwork you. You should save yourself for the important things. Others can do the busy work. And don't forget, you're going to ask some of your friends from work to have dinner with us. I'd like to meet them. Please, have some more wild mushroom pilaf, B'Elanna. Well, I took a course in continental cuisine so I could replicate interesting meals for Kenneth. My husband. What do you call him? Oh, of course. Anyway, he works terribly hard and he's under such great stress, I want this home to be a sanctuary, the place he can come and have all the cares of the day disappear. And don't forget about our little Belle. She's already studying algebra and trigonometry, and she's quite the budding athlete. Well, we're proud of him too. In fact, we think we have just about the most wonderful husband and father in the quadrant, don't we There you are. I thought you'd never get here. (The living room is not spick and span.) Tell me about it when I get home. I'm late already. It's Wednesday, remember? I'm speaking at the Bolian embassy. It's your night to cook. If you cleaned your room you'd have better luck. I've had to listen to it all day. Maybe you can do something about it. He's coming. Are you sick? You've rearranged my lecture nights. Hold on. Kenneth, that may be a bit unreasonable. Well, if that's what you expect then maybe you should have asked my opinion before you started unilaterally deciding things. I'm not one of the children, after all. I believe I should have some say in just what rules and regulations are established. And I think it's unfair for you to tell Jeffrey what friends he can and cannot have. You've upset him. Let him go. I don't want to argue this in front of the children. We'll discuss it later. (Charlene leaves.) Kenneth? It's Belle, there's been an accident. [Holodeck - hospital room] (Belle is lying very still in bed.) How is she? I don't understand. She just hit her head on the corner of the court. How could that have injured her so badly? Then what do you do? What's the treatment? What does that mean? What's going to happen to her? But there has to be. Kenneth, you can do something. You have to. You can't just let her. No. No, I won't accept it. I'm going to talk to Doctor Findlay. (Charlene leaves. The EMH sits in a chair in the shadows.) We're here, Belle. We're all here.
