Still, the fact remains. That is, if I have permission to speak, Lieutenant? Thank you. As I was saying, the fact remains that you must have noticed certain problems with each member of this select group or we wouldn't be here. I frankly can't imagine what I might have done that warrants my inclusion. In fact That is a complete exaggeration. Just yesterday I overhauled a servicing system But Lieutenant, I'm just trying to But It's a Kazleti design. I studied the technique when I visited their planet. It took me weeks to learn. I know it doesn't look complicated but this It was hidden. You could hardly see it. Couldn't I just carry Henley? She weighs about the same. [Maintenance access] Thank you. You can stay there as long as you like as far as I'm concerned. This pack feels like it's filled with latinum bricks. Maybe he'll slip and plunge to his death. [Mess hall] (Tuvok leads the group running through the mess hall. Chell diverts to a table and picks up a glass of water.) Mister Tuvok ordered me to degauss the entire transporter room. I know. Mister Tuvok estimated twenty six point three hours. Aye, sir. I must point out sir that the Ferengi have been known to deceive other ships by pretending to be damaged. We could be falling into a trap. Course laid in, sir. Initiating evasive sequence beta nine three. (Boom.) I certainly did everything I could possibly do. My evasive action sequences can not be faulted. Lieutenant? We're stuck in here. [Bridge]  What's that noise? (A panel falls off to reveal a conduit.) Something's wrong. Very wrong. I don't like this at all. Come on, come on! [Outside the Cargo bay] (Chell removes the bar and the door shuts again.)
I'd rather report to you, if it's all the same. Maybe history is repeating itself. It doesn't make sense. This ship, with all its sensors. How could five people be attacked without leaving a trace? Maybe it's a conspiracy. Ever since Voyager began sending datastreams back home, Starfleet has known that almost a quarter of the crew is Maquis. Maybe they think we're still dangerous. Maybe they ordered the Captain to neutralise the threat. It would be easier than putting us all in the brig. [Turbolift] (Seven exits and Torres enters.) It could be her. Er, she's, er, er. Lieutenant Torres. I told her we shouldn't split up, sir, but she said she could handle herself. You know how stubborn she can be. Cargo Bay two, sir.(Chakotay hands off his Vulcan lady escort to Chell.) [Cargo Bay two]
