Mister Gar. I wish I had time to talk. Your last supply was useless. Expired lots, diluted samples. The latest in substandard technology, no doubt. We don't need another neural monitor. I'm sure it has some ingenious use but I'm not interested. (Gar activates the mobile emitter.) What's Voyager? What's your price? It doesn't seem to be in working order. What caused their injuries? His TC's only four. Take him to Green. A Doctor, of sorts. I thought you were withholding your services. Ah, there you are. I'm happy to report that I've acquired your programme from Gar. Please come with me. We follow the Allocator's rules. And it's determined that your services are required on Level Blue. Level Blue is the area where it's most critical that we provide excellent care. [Level Blue] They have a higher TC than the others. Treatment Coefficient. The Allocator assigns one to every patient. It determines the level of care they receive. Through a complex formula that involves profession, skills, accomplishments. An agricultural engineer is obviously more important than a waste processor. Society. When your resources are limited, you have to prioritise. It's much more complicated than that. The Allocator assesses the entire individual. It may seem impersonal, but it's what the Dinaali have contracted us to do. Doctor Dysek, Chief of Medicine. The medical hologram I told you about. That's what he's here for. I'm sure you'll make good use of him. [Bridge] Are we having a problem with our newest piece of technology? I'm responsible for thousands of patients. You'll have to be more specific. Acute chromo-viral disease. Apparently, he developed complications. A secondary infection. It spread rapidly. It wasn't. The patient had exceeded his medication allotment. It seems someone had given him unauthorised injections. Did you think I wouldn't find out? You are hardly in a position to speak to me of ethics. Lying, stealing. Any other crimes you wish to confess? And I am trying to save a society. Do you really think Patient R twelve is going to help me do that? He wasn't contributing. He was a drain on resources. If the boy had been fit, he would have survived. We're healers, not killers. To whom, the people who employ me? They brought me here to make the hard choices they don't want to make. From now on, I'm restricting you to Level Blue. You've done enough damage on Red. It was. You managed to exceed their annual medication allotment in a matter of days. They're being sent home. You should have considered the consequences of your actions. I'm making certain of that. From now on, your time will be strictly regulated. I've interfaced your holomatrix with the Allocator. Starting now, it will determine where you go, when you go and what you do when you get there.  I suspect young Doctor Voje helped you escape. No matter. You're becoming far too troublesome. I'm going to have to deactivate your programme. (Chellick reaches for the mobile emitter. The EMH grabs his arm, pulls him down across the console and injects him.) You're only making things worse for yourself. What was in that injector? This is ridiculous. I'm not Tebbis! I order you to medicate me now. Is this some sort of revenge? We don't have an adequate supply. Where it's being used to prevent arterial aging. Doctor Voje, I need the medicine now. Then find someone who is. [Bridge] Dysek. Finally. What are you waiting for? Give me the cytoglobin. What are you saying? Dysek! I made the rules!  Don't tell me you're allied with this defective hologram. What are you talking about? It's absurd. Yes. [Sickbay]
