Course adjusted. [Corridor] Warning. Emergency procedures in effect. The antimatter storage tanks are failing. [Corridor] Attempting to make correction. Stand by. Attempting to make correction. Unable to comply. Diagnostic in progress. [Turbolift] Diagnostic complete. Quantum failures are present in thirty three percent of gel pack relays. (normal) Rerouting complete. Relay failures bypassed. [Astrometrics lab] Six days, five hours. Channel open. (slowly) Warning. Deuterium tank levels are fluctuating beyond acceptable tolerances. Bridge sealed. Warning. Primary EPS conduits are overloading. (The computer's voice slows and the EMH flickers.)EMH: I tied my mobile emitter into the EPS conduits. Unable to comply. Warning. Primary EPS conduits overloading. Secondary systems are failing. Seventeen hours, eleven minutes. Warning. Propulsion system failure in progress. [Corridor] Warning. Propulsion system failure in progress. Forty one minutes. Warning. Propulsion system failure in progress. Propulsion systems have failed. All engines are offline. Engines are back online. Eleven minutes.
Ensign Kim is in his quarters. Warning. Warp core breach in sixty seconds. Warp core breach in fifty seconds. Warp core breach in forty seconds. Warp core breach in thirty seconds. Warp core breach in ten seconds. Nine. Eight. Seven. [Corridor] Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. (Boom! The doors to main Engineering open.)
Unable to comply. Holodeck controls are offline.
Warning. Hull breach on deck ten. Tactical alert. Vessel approaching, bearing one eight four mark seven. [2390 Delta Flyer] Warning. Warp core breach in sixty seconds. Warning. Warp core breach in forty five seconds. Warning. Warp core breach in thirty seconds. Warning. Warp core breach in fifteen seconds. Warning. Warp core breach in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two. (Chakotay and Tessa hold hands.)
Lieutenant Torres is in Engineering. Ensign Trumari is on deck four, section thirty. Commander Tuvok is on the bridge. Ensign Vorik is in Engineering, level two. [Turbolift] NEELIX Warning, oxygen depletion in progress. Warning. Power failure. Captain Janeway. Captain Janeway. Captain Janeway is in main Engineering. Authorisation code required. Unable to comply. Database accessed. Captain Janeway, report to Astrometrics. Captain Janeway, report to Astrometrics. Astrometrics life-support has been restored. Affirmative. Manual helm control enabled. Affirmative. Affirmative. Life support on the bridge has been restored. Level ten authorisation required. Affirmative. Clarify. Warning, Life support failure on all decks. Abandon ship. Abandon. [Cargo Bay two] Abandon ship. Unable to comply. Warning, oxygen depletion in progress. (Janeway puts her mask back on.) Warning, helm circuits are overloading. (The conn explodes.)COMPUTER: Abandon ship. Unable to comply. To deprive of life. Extinguish. Clarify. Unable to confirm. Abandon ship. Diagnostic completed. Secondary systems are offline. Primary systems at thirty two percent. Estimated time to failure, six days thirteen hours. Captain Janeway, report to Engineering. Acknowledged. (Gas begins to pour in.) COMPUTER: Captain Janeway, report to Engineering. Unable to comply. Captain Janeway, report to Engineering. Access to all systems has been restored. [Cargo Bay two]
Warning. Holodeck controls and safety protocols are offline. Emergency overrides are malfunctioning. (It gets shot again.) Sixty two percent compliance. (The net disappears, and a lot of the characters are frozen.)
Source unknown. (Big Whumph! A piece flies off the Flyer as it tumbles.)
Fifty six days, seventeen hours. [Sickbay - 2371] Channel open. Command authorisation required. (Kes puts her hand on the monitor.) COMPUTER: Access granted. [Ready room - 2371] Unable to comply. Control functions have been disabled. (Kes wakes her younger self.)
Doctor Jetrel is in Transporter room one. [Sickbay]
There are fourteen varieties of tomato soup available from this replicator. With rice, with vegetables, Bolian style, with pasta, with Specify hot or chilled. Warning. Warp core microfracture. Breach imminent. Warning. Warp core microfracture. Breach imminent. Ensign Kim is not on board. One. Ensign Harry Kim.
Radiogenic particle density at the measured co-ordinates was one eight seven three per cubic metre. There is no winner today. Try your luck again. Tomorrow you could be a winner. Particle density at the measured co-ordinates was one four one five per cubic metre. Acknowledged. Security seals in place. Specified security clearance deleted. Acknowledged. [Outside Tuvok's quarters]
Input error four one five. Command code violation two three zero eight. Warning. Main computer is failing. Main computer stabilised. Unable to comply. Insufficient power. Unable to comply. Relays to the transponder are fused. Please restate inquiry. Negative. Warning. Intruder alert. The bridge. Two humanoids. Negative. Sensor resolution is below twenty percent. [Bridge] (The ECH sneaks onto the bridge, phaser ready. His wrist beacon reveals two figures in environment suits.) Command codes transferred. An alien vessel has locked on to Voyager with a tractor beam. Warp engines are offline. Warning. Two vessels approaching bearing three three six mark one.  Power to the secondary propulsion systems has been restored. Access restricted. Security clearance verified. Data unavailable. Personnel files. Employee eight five eight two. Nozowo, Kashimuro. Employee eight five eight four. Janeway, Kathryn. Employee eight five eight five. McKenzie, William. Employee eight five eight six. Hansen, Annika. Employee eight five eight seven. Anderson, Lydia. Employee eight five eight eight, Torres, B'Elanna. Employee [Janeway's apartment] Warning. Core overload detected. Initiating emergency shutdown. (The whole city plunges into darkness.) [Bridge]
Analysis in progress. Core analysis complete.
Mestal te'iote senve.
Jora Mirell is in her quarters. [Mirell's quarters] (Jora does not answer her knocks, so Torres overrides the door controls and enters. She finds the old woman lying on the floor.)
Warning. Vectored exhaust controls malfunctioning.
Life form found. (A small quadruped._ Genus Eryops. Devonian Era. Genus Hadrosaur. Cretaceous Era. Extrapolation complete. Launch protocols have been disrupted. Unable to comply. Weapons systems are offline. Method unknown.
Warning, coolant system breached. (Chakotay climbs the ladder to the upper level.) Unable to comply. Holodeck controls are offline.
Access established. Vaadwaur. Archaic adjective. Primary meaning, Foolish. Additional meanings, Weak-minded, reckless, blind. First written example appears in Eldaxon's Collected Folklore, second edition. Year of publication, 5012, new calendar. The Demon with the Golden Voice. The Tale of the Deadly Stranger. The Tale of the Boy who Lost his Head. The Tale of the Bloody Hand. Transfer complete. [Astrometrics lab]
Negative.
Modification complete. Specify. Specify. Modification complete. Modification complete. Affirmative. Specify. Modification complete.
Warning. Fires have been detected on decks twelve and fifteen, sections A four through C eighteen. Unable to initiate self-destruct sequence due to damage to secondary command processors. Damage has been detected in the stabiliser acceleration sensors. Warning. Vessel approaching on intercept course. Kazon patrol vessel. There are eighty nine Kazon And one Betazoid on board. There is one Betazoid on board. Please restate a single question. Crewman Lon Suder. Between decks eight and nine. Unable to comply. Internal scanner relays have been damaged.  Incoming subspace message on the Emergency Medical Holographic channel. Unable to respond. All Starfleet voice access has been cancelled. [Doctor's office] EMH [on
Access to those files is restricted. (Seven opens an access panel and presses a couple of buttons.) COMPUTER: Access granted. The anomaly is consistent with a Class one wormhole. No irregularities detected. No irregularities detected. No vessel has been detected. Channel open.
Sequence in progress.(This computer has a male voice.) [Pseudo Cargo Bay two]
Make it yourself.
Oh six hundred hours. Regeneration cycle complete. Doors are sealed. Voiceprint confirmed. State clearance code. Confirmed. Sensors have detected the Omega phenomenon within one point two light years of this vessel. Implement the Omega Directive immediately. All other priorities have been rescinded. Decompression in thirty seconds. Decompression in twenty five seconds. (Seven gazes into the chamber window, and sees the molecules form their glittering sphere.) Decompression in twenty seconds. Decompression in fifteen seconds.(Janeway and Seven run out of the cargo bay.)COMPUTER: Decompression in ten seconds.  [Bridge]
Reference found.
Kes is not on board Voyager. Eleven hundred thirty two hours. Eleven hundred thirty two hours. [Engineering] Warning. Disabling lateral EPS relays may disrupt computer functions throughout the ship. Seven minutes and twenty seconds. [Bridge]
Warning, self-destruct sequence has been initiated. Warp core overload in twenty minutes. [Dreadnought] (Torres gets the back-up file running. She is also gasping for oxygen.) Cardassian ATR4107 attempting to activate systems. Attempting to activate systems. Accessing central processor memory. Attempting to over-ride programme. The Maquis munitions base on Planetoid Alpha four four one Malfunction detected in the targeting system. Attempting to correct. (at same time) This target does not conform to established targeting parameters. The detonation sequence cannot proceed without proper target identification. Ejecting antimatter pod. Emergency ejection system has failed. Attempting to re-initialise all key systems. Accessing backup systems. Unable to access. Enable backup overrides. Command pathways. The central processor has been routed. Attempting. (They descend into gibberish as Torres works on a control panel. A hatch opens.) Warning. Self destruct sequence has been initiated. Warp core overload in eleven minutes. Warning. Self-destruct sequence has been initiated. Warp core overload in seven minutes. Warning. Self destruct sequence has been initiated. Warp core overload in three minutes. Warning. Self destruct sequence has been initiated. Warp core overload in two minutes. [Dreadnought core] Warning. Self destruct sequence has been initiated. Warp core overload in one minute. Confirmed. Sequence terminated.
Unable to comply. There has been a disruption of power to energy grid beta four.
Specify parameters. Input algorithm not accepted. That programme is currently running. [Holodeck – Paxau Resort] (Marayna and Tuvok are playing kal-toh.)
Kes is in Transporter room one. [Transporter room one] (Kes is with Adin and Nori.)
Once upon a time in the Forest of Forever, Flotter and Trevis encountered a strange element they'd never seen before. (Trevis is crying because the tip of his finger is burning.) Neelix is on the Bridge. Naomi Wildman is in her quarters. [Wildman's quarters - Naomi's bedroom] Programme activated. [Planetoid - cavern] Warning. Life support has fallen to critical levels. Acknowledged. Warning. Oxygen depletion in ten minutes. Unable to comply. Holodeck controls have been encoded. Warning. Oxygen depletion in two minutes.
Warning. Nearing maximum warp velocity. Structural collapse is imminent. Warning. At present speed, structural failure in forty five seconds.
Warning. Hull breach on deck one. Emergency forcefields inoperative. Warning. Self-destruct sequence has been initiated. Warp core overload in four minutes, fifty five seconds. There will be no further audio warnings. [Voyager 2 - Sickbay]
SATCOM 47 activating. Sweep underway. (Starling is pacing the surgical alcove, under the watchful eyes of two security guards.) [Bridge] TUVOK Hyper-impulse drive engaged. Command confirmed. (The timeship Aeon smashes out of the penthouse floor of the Chronowerx skyscraper.) [Bridge] Initiating. [Torpedo tube one] KIM Temporal core has reached cascade potential.
EMH protocols are offline. Unable to comply. Access to the holodeck has been restricted. Unable to comply. Holodeck controls are offline. All command codes have been transferred to the ECH. Warp ejection system enabled. Transporters are offline. [Bridge] Unable to comply.
Ensign Seska. [Kazon ship] (Seska walks through the forcefield to the mysterious console.) Unable to comply. Security lockout is in place. A Kazon vessel fourteen kilometres off the port bow. [Bridge]
Modifications complete. Seven of Nine is in Holodeck two. [Holodeck - Seven's quarters]
 Download complete.  Approaching designated co-ordinates. Warning. Vessel approaching. Vector one two one mark six. (A Starfleet vessel drops out of warp above her.) Unable to comply. Ablative generator is offline. Warning. Regeneration cycle incomplete. [Sickbay]
Security authorisation required. Authorisation accepted. Running analysis. Unable to comply. Monitor is cleared for Lieutenant Thomas Paris only. Authorisation accepted. Files recovered.
Time to reversion three hours thirteen minutes. Complete genome recovery is imminent. [Corridor] Please enter authorisation code. (Steth waves his PADD across the console.)COMPUTER: Access granted. Commencing download. (Seven enters.) Navigation matrix one seven one one. The Kotaba expanse. Coaxial leap complete. Unable to execute command. The differential induction drive has been secured. The security access code is required to implement the coaxial leap. (Two large ships arrive.)
Unable to comply. Crewman Jor is in the mess hall. [Mess hall] Lieutenant Torres is in Cargo Bay two. (Chakotay finds her down the back, behind some containers. He looks up and sees Tuvok standing nearby.) Stardate 54090.4. Access to that information has been restricted. Access to that information has been restricted. Restrictions overridden.TUVOK: Where was Commander Tuvok at the specified time? Commander Tuvok was in holodeck two. One hundred eighty two centimetres. One hundred eighty two centimetres. Commander Chakotay is in sickbay. (Only just. Chakotay is entering.)
 Warp core breach in thirty seconds. Warp core breach in twenty seconds. Warp core breach in fifteen seconds. Warp core breach in ten seconds, nine, eight. (The warp core drops out of the back of the Flyer.) Four. Three.(The core explodes in the nebula, rocking the Flyer.) [Mess hall] (Assan zips through the finishing line.)
Transceiver gain is at maximum. Filter engaged.  Authorisation code required. Access denied. That code has been de-authorised. (Barclay opens the access panel and zaps some isochips.) Access authorised. (The door opens. He shuts the panel and goes inside the dark lab.) [Pathfinder lab] Matrix activated. Emitters powering. A pulsar has been detected at coordinates two two seven by four one mark six. Tachyon beam initiated. Approximately seventeen minutes. (The array sends a beam out into the dark.)BARCLAY: Computer, is there a micro-wormhole present at coordinates three four three by two seven? Scanning. Affirmative. Trajectory established. Channel open. Two unidentified humans, deck four, section eight. Access denied. Hologrid controls have been encrypted. Trajectory established. Transmitting. Negative. Unable to comply. Main power controls have been encrypted. Trajectory established. Transmitting. Warning. Warp core breach in forty five seconds. Warning. Warp core breach in thirty seconds. Warp core breach in twenty seconds. Warp core breach in ten seconds. Nine, eight Seven, six, five. Four. Two. [Astrometrics lab]
Analysis underway. Five hours, seventeen minutes. [Mess hall]
Affirmative.
Channel open.
Intruder alert on deck eight. The holographic simulation has ended. Unable to comply. Additional narrative parameters have not been programmed. Affirmative. Please rephrase the question. (Later, the Chief Engineer is trying to solve the problem.) That information is classified. The programme has been reinitiated. The holo-matrix has been formatted. This ship will self-destruct in sixty seconds. Unable to comply. Voiceprint not recognised. Self-destruct in forty five seconds. [Engineering]  Self-destruct in thirty seconds. Fifteen seconds to self-destruct. Thirteen, twelve, eleven, ten, nine (Tuvok and Paris hand over their weapons.) Self-destruct sequence has been terminated. The holographic simulation has ended. [Engineering]
 Download complete. [Doctor's office]
Analysis in progress. Analysis complete.
Subspace communications are offline.
The shuttlecraft has sustained phaser fire. Minor damage to aft shields. A Kazon spacecraft closing at one nine five mark six. Affirmative. One life sign. Acknowledged. Targeting scanners. Scanners locked. Long-range communications, lateral sensor array and aft shields are offline. Warning. Alien vessel approaching at zero two two mark eight. Confirmed. Transmission has been received. Warning. Kazon vessel has engaged a tractor beam. Unable to comply. Tractor force exceeds available engine power. Aft shields at sixty three percent. There is an M-class moon at bearing one zero eight mark one eight. Distance, one point nine million kilometres. Warning. Aft shields have been penetrated. Hull breach is imminent. Transport is not recommended. The moon is out of safety range. (The shuttlecraft tumbles, out of control.) [Bridge]
Unable to comply.
Warning. Hydrazene gas leak. Warning. Hydrazene gas levels at one hundred twelve parts per million. Begin evacuation procedures. [Planet surface] (Chakotay carries Janeway outside, and lays her down again a little way from the shuttlecraft.) A security code is required for that command. That code is not recognised. A security code is required for that command.
Warning. Approach vector is too steep. Discontinue landing sequence.
Warning. Disengaging safety protocols presents extreme risk of injury. Acknowledged. Safety protocols have been disengaged. The programme is active. Warning. Disengaging safety protocols presents extreme risk of injury. Acknowledged. Safety protocols have been disengaged. (Torres enters the holodeck and removes her jacket. It is a cave setting. A Cardassian attacks her. She defeats him, and another grabs her from behind. Then the first gets up again.) [Bridge] Immersion shielding activated. Range to probe, thirty thousand kilometres. Twenty five thousand. Warning. Atmospheric pressure is exceeding tolerance levels. Rapid ascent recommended. Acknowledged. Range to probe, ten thousand kilometres. Warning. Disengaging safety protocols presents extreme risk of injury. Acknowledged. Safety protocols have been disengaged. Warning. Atmospheric pressure is exceeding tolerance levels. Acknowledged. Microfractures are present in zones one and four. (The helm console goes Bang! knocking Torres out.) [Bridge] Lieutenant Torres is in holodeck one. Warning. Hull microfractures are present in zones one, two, three and four. Hull breach is imminent. Repeat. Hull microfracture are present in zones one, two, three and four. Hull breach is imminent. Programme activated.
Warning. Regeneration cycle incomplete.
Warning. Neurochemical synapses are destabilising. Unable to comply. Power transport systems are offline.
Warning, structural collapse in three minutes. [Bridge] Warning, structural collapse [Bridge]  In twenty seconds. Warning, structural collapse in ten seconds. Warning, structural collapse in five, four, three, two, one. (He lets the hatch close. An explosion rips along the whole starboard side of the main section, throwing the bridge crew to the deck.) [Bridge]
Intruder alert.
Starship Voyager. That procedure will require significant modifications.
Affirmative. [Zimmerman's lab]
Warning. Hull breach on deck four, Cargo bay two. Warning. Intruder alert in Cargo Bay two. Commander Chakotay is not aboard the ship. [Shuttlecraft] (Chakotay plugs the coil scanner into the shuttlecraft sensors.) Approximately thirty minutes. [Corridor] Approximately six minutes. Initiating scans. [Kazon bridge] Generator ready. Beam targeted. The generator is offline. Beacon launched.
Access to these quarters has been restricted. Neelix.
Microcellular analysis is complete.
Negative. Cargo bay two has decompressed. Unable to comply. Deck one force field is in place. [Bridge] Warp ejection systems enabled. Five minutes and thirty four seconds. [The real Voyager Bridge]
File accessed. Lieutenant Torres is in Sickbay. [Sickbay] Unable to comply. Authorisation denied. (Tuvok forces the doors open.) [Sickbay]
Warning. Propulsion systems are offline.
Acknowledged. (The EMH's uniform turns from  blue to red shoulders, and four pips appear on his collar.) Transferring all systems to your command. You have the bridge. Enemy shields are intact. Warning, primary shields are failing. The photonic cannon is online. Commander Chakotay is in his quarters. Warp core breach in thirty seconds. Warning. Warp core breach a lot sooner than you think. Warning. Last chance to be a hero, Doctor. Get going.
Warning. Structural integrity field has been compromised. Now at fifty three percent and falling. Hull breach in two minutes twenty seconds. Warning. Hull breach in two minutes ten seconds. Warning. The structural integrity field has collapsed. Hull breach in two minutes. Warning. Hull breach in one minute fifty seconds. (Torres and Paris break out the environmental suits. The Caatati fly away with the warp core.) Warning. Oxygen level at one hundred fourteen millibars. Warning. Oxygen level at ninety three millibars. Warning. Oxygen level at one hundred four millibars. Warning. Oxygen level at eighty seven millibars. Warning. Oxygen level at seventy one millibars.
All systems are functioning  within normal parameters. Simultaneous access to forty seven million data channels. Transluminal processing at five hundred seventy five trillion calculations per nanosecond. Operational temperature margins from ten degrees Kelvin to one thousand seven hundred ninety degrees Kelvin. Affirmative. That procedure is not recommended. Authorisation confirmed. Initiating overload.
 Regeneration cycle complete. Particulate dust and metallic fragments composed of an unknown alloy. Vapour composed of hydrogen, helium, mercury and argon. Negative. Twenty thousand teracochranes. Commander Tuvok. Insufficient sensor data. Insufficient sensor data. Secondary power core. Affirmative. [Bridge] Acknowledged.  Download complete. Acknowledged.
Unable to comply. The interface is incompatible. Diagnostic complete. Alcove zero one is operating within normal parameters. Unable to comply. Your cortical node is malfunctioning. [Mess hall] The EMH is offline. Seven of Nine is in Sickbay. (Her comm. badge is on a console.) [Engineering - upper level]
This is the Federation starship Prometheus. Affirmative. Negative. Access to the communications system has been restricted. Twenty seven. None alive. USS Prometheus. Experimental prototype designed for deep space tactical assignments. Primary battle systems include regenerative shielding, ablative hull armour, multivector assault mode. Access to tactical data requires level four clearance. Initiating decoupling sequence. [Prometheus Sickbay] Autoseparation in ten seconds. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three. [Prometheus Bridge] Two. One. Separation sequence in progress. (The Prometheus' saucer section divides into three, horizontally.) Specify target. Pattern and target confirmed. (The three sections fire, destroying their attacker's propulsion.) Negative. Communications access requires level four clearance or above. (The doors open and the EMH ducks down behind the console. Nevala enters with the injured Romulan and he stands up again.) Access to that programme is unrestricted. Transfer complete. Initiating decoupling sequence. Autoseparation in ten seconds. Five. Four. Three. Two. Separation sequence in progress. Specify attack pattern. Specify target.
Negative. No temporal anomalies have been reported. Information on USS Voyager is classified. Security clearance level three or above is required to access files. Security authorisation accepted. Last recorded contact with USS Voyager prior to its disappearance was on stardate 48307.5. Ensign Daniel Byrd. Intruder alert. Unauthorised launch in progress.
The programme is activated.  [Holodeck - Jupiter Station] Jupiter station programme is activated.  [Holodeck - Jupiter Station] Matrix overlay programme is active. Please stand by.  [Bridge] Zimmerman programme alpha one is now complete.
Command code transfer complete. Unable to comply. The EMH programme has been disabled. Unknown. The authorisation was entered by Commander Chakotay.
Warning. Structural failure in thirty seconds. Warning. Structural failure in ten seconds, nine, eight.
Transfer complete. The trajectory ends in sector three nine five. Download complete. Installation complete. (Troi walks in.)
Containment field established. [Briefing room] Warning, Ensign Kim. An environmental seal has been compromised. Oxygen depletion in thirty seconds. Warning. Oxygen depletion in fifteen seconds. Warning. Oxygen depletion in five seconds. Warning, Lieutenant Paris. An environmental seal has been compromised. Oxygen depletion in thirty seconds. (Kim collapses.) Warning. Oxygen depletion in fifteen seconds. Warning. Oxygen depletion in five seconds.(The beep becomes a long tone. They are both unconscious. Or worse.) [Doctor's office] Forcefield established.
End of round three. Begin round four. Negative. (He sees his boxing gloves on a chair, and hears the noise of a crowd.) Begin round one. Begin round one. Begin round one. (Chakotay starts punching the air.) Begin round one.(Chakotay walks into - ) [Vision quest - boxing ring]  Begin round one. [Sickbay] Begin round one. Begin round one. End round one. [Sickbay] Begin round one. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Unable to comply. Ensign Kim is not aboard the ship.  [Bridge] The programme in progress is a holonovel based on the epic Earth poem Beowulf. Data compilation in progress.
Nine minutes, four seconds. End of programme. Unable to comply.
Oh three hundred hours. That programme is currently running. Holodeck one. [Holodeck - Paxau Resort] (Gandhi's head is spinning rapidly. T'Pau is repeatedly trying to add a rod to a kal-toh that is not there. Socrates has been cut in half, and revealed to have no innards. Byron is lying on the bar.) Kes and the Doctor.
Auto-initiation of the EMH programme occurred when a ship-wide Red alert was initiated. Captain Janeway is not on board the ship. Internal scans indicate no crew members are on board. Affirmative. Unknown. That information is not available. Affirmative. Warp core is offline. The ship is restricted to emergency power and auxiliary systems only. Structural integrity breach on deck six, deck seven and deck twelve. Deflector shields inoperative. Weapons array offline. Communications offline. Sewage and waste reclamation offline. That information is not available. Accessing bridge logs. All escape pods were launched at twenty one hundred hours. There are no humanoid life forms aboard this vessel. Unable to comply. Requested programme is not on file. No holographic systems exist in Sickbay. Specified programme does not exist. The Chief Medical Officer of USS Voyager is Doctor Louis Zimmerman. Doctor Zimmerman commenced duty on stardate 48308.2 Affirmative. Doctor Lewis Zimmerman. (Janeway, Torres and Neelix enter with the Kazon.) All holographic simulations were discontinued. Captain Janeway is stored in memory block forty seven alpha. Affirmative. The holographic imaging system has been destroyed. Negative. Please restate the question. All holo-simulations have been terminated.
EMH authorisation is required. Affirmative. Captain Ransom is in crew quarters. Deck nine, section twenty two. [Equinox Engineering] CHAKOTAY Level nine authorisation required.
Unable to comply. Insufficient power. (She goes to another console, but) The subspace transmitter is online. The transporter is online.
Transfer complete. Installation complete. Algorithm installed.
Random subspace energy fluctuations. Random subspace energy fluctuations. Transpectral analysis complete.
The EMH is inactive. Unavailable. That file has been deleted. Those holo-images have been deleted. Unknown. Transfer complete. Duplication complete. Acknowledged. Restoring memory files. Restoration complete. (The EMH goes to the holo-imager and projects the image of his mystery visitor. It is Captain Janeway.) [Bridge]
Diagnostic in progress. Regeneration cycle incomplete. [Bridge]
