Harry! Coming right up. (Cosimo goes inside and comes back out with a take-away coffee for Harry.) Here you go. Vulcan mocha, extra sweet. So today's the big day, huh? You know, the meeting. The new ship you're designing. And don't forget. You promised to bring me a model. And I'm going to hang it right there in my window. And I'll tell everyone, Harry Kim, he designed that ship. He came into my shop every morning. How long? Well, let's see. Since you left the Academy. How is that? Eight? Eight months. Well, not every day. You like to sleep late on Sunday. But if I had your fiancée, I'd sleep late too. Ah, yes. There were many mornings I woke up, I said the same thing to myself when I was about to be married. But don't worry, it'll pass.  Harry! What are you doing back so early? Oh, you don't look sick to me. Coming home for a little visit with Libby, are we? Ah, to be young. Don't worry. I'll keep your secret. Tell you where you live? You're not playing some kind of a prank on your old pal Cosimo, are you? Okay, okay, okay. Well, you live right over there. Fourth floor, apartment four G. Harry, don't look so concerned. Everything's going to work out. You have a wonderful job, a beautiful fiancée. Everything's going to be fine. Trust me, hmm? [Kim's apartment] (If this is the fourth floor they must be on a very tall hill, because they are looking down on the tops of skyscrapers through the window.)  Troubles, Harry? Let's have some coffee. (They sit at a pavement table.) I was sent here to watch you, to make sure that you were all right. But it's now clear that you are not. We exist in what you would call a temporal inversion fold in the space-time matrix. It's not necessary to understand. It only matters that there was an accident. Your shuttle intersected one of our time streams, and boom! A few things were altered as the result of the accident. History and events were scrambled a bit, and you ended up here. We don't know how. We only know that an accident occurred. We don't know how or why. The time stream weaves through the galaxy like a thread. I could show you how to find it, and you could try to recreate the conditions that existed before the accident, and fly back into it, but there's no guarantee what will happen to you if you do. Well, you may be able to change reality again, but there's no way to predict how it would change. You could end up at any point in the space-time continuum. You might return to your original reality, or you might find yourself a billion years in the future. Or at some time before sentient life even existed on your planet. Are you so sure? This is a pretty good place for you, Harry. You have a wonderful job with Starfleet, a beautiful woman who loves you. Why be so quick to turn your back on all this? Maybe this is your, er, fate. Isn't that the word your people use? That thing which was meant to be? Hmm? Seems to me you're actually a very lucky man. Very well. (Cosimo hands over a computer disc.) This will tell you where the time stream intersects this region of space. That's as much as I can do for you. Good luck, Harry Kim of Voyager. You're going to need it. Unless of course, you decide to stay. In which case, I'll see you in the morning, same time. Vulcan mocha, extra sweet. [Kim's apartment] (Kim works on removing the security anklet. Libby comes out the alcove.)
