Easily arranged, Captain. I think I can assure you of that, Commander. I intend to take him for my own son. A man who would violate a woman under his own command Doesn't deserve a son. The boy will be trained as a Nistrim askara. Already he has helped us win the greatest battle in our history. You'll be given no more respect than any Kazon woman, now that your ship and technology are mine. I will tell you when you may speak. You're even worse than she is. What is it about the women from your quadrant? You know, she contradicts me in front of the senior askara? My own woman disputing her Maje in front of others. This is your fault. You've let your women get out of control. Why is it so dark in here? Somebody turn on the lights. Order the repair crews to begin work immediately. I want to leave for the Hanon system as soon as possible. Yes, we destroyed the shuttle as it was leaving. Fine. Have the other ships send out search parties. Confirm the shuttle was destroyed. Stand by to engage atmospheric thrusters. Prepare for landing. Activate the viewscreen. (A river of lava flows from a volcano.) Extend landing struts. Ready environmental controls. (Voyager lands with a bump.) Disengage engines. Secure thruster exhaust.  [Planet surface] (The crew are all out on the ground, under guard. The Kazons take their comm. badges.) A fitting end for a people who would not share their technology. Let's see if you manage to survive without it. (The Kazons leave them.) You'd think this crew had never seen a warp drive before. If you're lying, I'll have your head. Or what? I thought you said all repairs were complete.  We've just received a message from our patrol ship. They have tracked down the shuttle from Voyager and destroyed it. They didn't say. No. But the search has been slowed down by a thoron particle leak. We'll teach them the price for attacking the Nistrim. Lay in a pursuit course. [Shuttlecraft] PAXIM  What's happening? Take evasive action. (Suder creeps into Engineering, then starts shooting the Kazons there. They are all down in moments. He drops the phaser rifle and sets about disabling the backup couplings. A Kazon shoots him in the back, but he manages to complete the sabotage with his dying breath.) Lock phasers. Destroy it. Fire! Seska! Seska! [Ready room] (Seska dies by her baby. Paris and the Talaxians beam into a transporter room.) Seska? No. Abandon ship. (He picks up the baby and leaves.) [Bridge]
My name is Culluh, First Maje of the Kazon-Nistrim. What have you done to our ship? I would like to speak to the survivor. You will prepare for my arrival. (Transmission ends.) Replace his blood? With what? Changed in what manner? That will no longer be necessary. We will take the damaged vessel to our port for inspection. And what gives you the right to interfere in our affairs? That is not acceptable. Your unique technologies make you brave, Captain, but you have only one ship. In less than a day there will be four Kazon vessels off your bow. You will leave us with him. (Janeway and the EMH move away from the biobed.) Our sensors show that you are trespassing on our vessel. If you attempt to remove anything from our ship, it will be considered an act of war.
You've made an interesting proposal. I've discussed it with Seska and she assures me that you would not make this gesture unless you were sincere. I will talk with you. We'll meet in approximately twenty hours. I must say, Captain, I look forward to this opportunity. [Sobras bar] (Neelix has taken a Starfleet shuttle, not his own ship. The bar has some music and an exotic dancer. Neelix speaks to the bartender.)  You've made a good choice. The Nistrim will be a potent ally. Understood. Just one other detail. An exchange of crewmembers. Yes. I'm sure you'll agree that our alliance should represent a genuine partnership. It's obvious. Federation crew on my ship, Nistrim crew on yours. It seems a natural extension of your own proposal. I will determine what we decide, and when. I won't have a woman dictate terms to me. (to Tuvok) Talk to her. Tell her to be reasonable.  It's a message from Voyager. They've formed an alliance with the Trabe! They're calling for a conference of all first Majes. How could this have happened? I could not let the negotiations be dictated by that woman! Watch your tongue. You're not suggesting we go to this conference? That we come running like a Calogan dog when the Federations call? You may be right. Captain. We seem destined to encounter each other. I never thought I'd see the day when any of us would sit at a table with the Trabe. Perhaps. Peace? With the Trabe? Forgive me if I'm a bit sceptical. Excuse me. (Cullah gets up, fetches a jug of drink and sits down again.) Captain Janeway, I'm curious as to the nature of this alliance you've struck with the Trabe. Especially since you refused my offer of a similar pact. What I fear, Captain, is that this union you've made with the Trabe is an effort to force us to capitulate. If so, we assure you, it is doomed to failure. I can't speak for all of you, but I for one don't think we can trust this proposal. A woman and a Trabe. How can we listen to them? I find you nothing but a hypocrite, Captain, allying yourselves to the greatest villains this quadrant has ever known. If this is where your revered Federation values have taken you, I want no part of it. What is this, Captain?
Captain Janeway, First Maje Culluh of the Kazon-Nistrim. I've had some help updating our technology since we last met. (Culluh gestures, and a Cardassian woman steps into view.)  It can move people great distances in the blink of an eye, Haron. But this transporter is only the beginning. There is a ship filled with new technology. Devices that can make food, water, even weapons appear out of thin air. A computer system which uses neural tissue that can react twice as fast as ours. That ship is on its way here. Help us and we can divide the spoils. [Engineering] Enough! You may have ships and soldiers, but I have the technology. You think I'm a fool? I won't hand this technology over to you.  You said the Relora would join us. I should never have listened to you. Kazon sects do not help one another. I killed them. Maybe the mistake was to approach the Relora. They're already strong. But the transporter may be enough to convince the Hobii to join me. And perhaps the Mostral. You did what? You have gone too far. I am the leader of this sect. You are only a woman. You'll address me as Maje. So, how did the other sects respond to my request? I could do what no one has done since Jal Sankur united the sects to overthrow the Trabe. I could have hundreds of ships and thousands of soldiers under my command. I could be the most powerful Kazon in the quadrant. Come look at this. Intermittent EM readings? Who? To whom? That won't be enough. Lock the towing emitter onto his vessel and bring him into the main hangar. [Shuttlecraft] (Three Kazon enter the shuttlecraft.) I'm losing patience, Federation. Stop playing games and give me the command codes. You talk too much, Federation, but you're not telling me what I need to know. I'm the one who's using her. You talk to me, not to her. I don't believe a word you're saying, so you can stop trying to distract me now and start answering questions. I'm through wasting my strength on you. (A Kazon injects Chakotay.) Now, give me the command codes. What? Go ahead. I'll be back in one hour. For his sake, he better be more cooperative. (The two Kazon leave. Seska swaps the hypo for a much larger needle.)  Ah, Jal Surat of the Mostral. May I present Jal Loran of the Hobii, and Jal Valek of the Oglamar. Please, Jal Surat, sit down. Today is the day Kazon children will remember for generations. Today is the day we put aside our differences and join forces to defeat Voyager. Today is the day that marks the end of the supremacy of the Relora and the Ogla, because after today, we will have the Federation technology. And the other sects will run when they see us. Because I have Voyager's command codes. May I present Commander Chakotay, Voyager's First Officer. [Bridge] Bridge, this is First Maje Culluh. Lock weapons onto the Federation ship and fire. [Bridge] It's taking longer than I thought to interface with their systems. You must order your ships to provide cover. Where are you going? I'll go with you. What does it matter? If we work together, we don't need the command codes to beat them.
