The Cardinal is a thief. I delivered two portraits of his mindless nephew more than three months ago, to be depicted in the heroic mode of an Hercules or an Achilles, so specified our contract. I complied, making that young fool of a nephew look far more heroic than nature ever intended. An act on my part far greater than anything accomplished by Hercules or Achilles! And what have I, the divine Leonardo Da Vinci received in payment? Essatto! In other words, Signorina, less than nothing. Money is beside the point, Signorina. Catarina, is it? Flattery, Catarina, is also beside the point. Besides, I prefer my solitude. Scusi. (He activates a clockwork arm.) Meraviglioso. The Arm of Hephaestos. Every blacksmith who has ever swung a hammer will thank me for this creation. Do not think that just because I have enjoyed your visit today, that I am prepared to turn my workshop into a traveller's inn. (The clockwork arm stops.) Che catzo. You will get your hands covered with goose grease. Let us see if we can find his big brother. Hopefully he will be stronger. (Janeway picks up one of his sketches, not the preliminary for the portrait of Lisa Gherardini.) I though that because my imagination took flight so easily, my body could do the same. I was wrong. Yes, yes. So? The hawk. A creature that glides through the air. We will design a new machine, and you, Catarina, will help me fly it. A corner? One workbench? Ten scudi per week and you provide your own materials. Then we have an agreement. Catarina. Buona sera. What do you see? A flock of starlings, the leaves of an oak, a horse's tail, a thief with a noose around his neck. And a wall with the candlelight reflecting on it. There are times, Catarina, when I find myself transfixed by a shadow on the wall, or the splashing of water against a stone. I stare at it, the hours pass, the world around me drops away, replaced by worlds being created and destroyed by my imagination. A way to focus the mind. Sit, and tell me why you have come. When one's imagination cannot provide an answer, one must seek a greater imagination. There are times when even I find myself kneeling in prayer. I must deliver a bronzetto to the Monks at Santa Croce. Come with me, Catarina, hey? We will awake the Abbot, visit the chapel, and appeal to God.
