Thank you. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway. This is Commander Tuvok. We're from the Federation Starship Voyager. (The resemblances are close, but not quite right. Janeway's hair is too That’s because it's thirty thousand light years from here. It's difficult sometimes, then I close my eyes and think of the farm in Indiana where I grew up. For a moment I'm home again. Shall we get down to business? We really don't have much use for that. We're doing all we can for the children. All right, twenty kilotons of dilithium for an equivalent amount of bolomite. Then ten it is. Tuvok, these people need our help. I'm not going to quibble over a few tons of ore. I wish we could, but there's a neutronic storm approaching our ship. We should be leaving orbit. We'll be waiting to hear from you. Unfortunately the storm won't wait. Maybe on our next visit. (Mobar gives the Vulcan salute.) It would've been perfect if Tuvok hadn't decided to improvise. Once we finish a transaction, we leave. Is that clear? Ready. This is Captain Janeway. Directive nine twenty seven of the Starfleet General Order. Always help those in need. We've enjoyed meeting you, gentlemen. Oh, the neutronic storm seems to be interfering with our transporters. If we don't leave orbit immediately, we will sustain heavy damage. We'll be back to deliver it as soon as the storm clears. Captain Janeway out. (Transmission ends in a shower of static.)DALA: Let's go. [Janeway's quarters] Oh, the neutronic storm seems to be interfering with our transporters. If we don't leave orbit immediately, we will sustain heavy damage. We'll be back to deliver it as soon as the storm clears. Please, go no further. This is our sanctuary. Begin the cleansing. (Mobar holds out a gizmo he has hanging around his neck. The top glows green in a horseshoe shape.) The transgression was ours. We should have guarded the sanctuary more carefully. The deities will be angry. Forgive me but, you look familiar. Do you see it? You bear a striking resemblance to our Redeemer of Light. Each spring we make a pilgrimage to Narva in his honour, to help the orphans. It is. Unfortunately, we have no food to bring them this year. Your heart is as kind as your face.  Ambassador, morale officer, head chef. It sounds as though you're invaluable. Where is your Voyager now? Your crew is alone in this region? That must be difficult. I'm impressed. Your Captain is a woman? Tell me about her. Where does she come from? I'm sure I would. Yes, Brother Mobar. It's time for the evening meditation. We can't thank you enough for all you've done. The blessing. Well, the Delta Flyer may look a little worn, that's only because she's been through so much. This ship has helped fend off the Borg, the Hirogen, Species 8472. Show him the mothership, Mister Chakotay. Every ship in the fleet is built to exacting standards, but I'd be lying if I told you I didn't think Voyager was exceptional. As her captain, I'm not entirely objective. I'm sure you feel the same way about your ship. I'm glad to hear you say that Mister Varn, because that's exactly what the Federation is. A home for an extended family who share resources and come to one another's aid in time of need. There's no need to bore our guest with Starfleet protocol, Tuvok. All of which we would not hesitate to share with a fellow member of the Federation. I'd be foolish not to. You are just the type of candidate we're looking for. Well, joining the Federation is a serious commitment. Take all the time you need. Perhaps we can discuss your application then. You realise you'll have to commit considerable resources. Well, let me be the first to say, welcome to the Federation. [Mess hall] Perhaps you didn't arm them properly. Disable the beam. Hail Varn again. Do it. Look on your scanners, Varn. Our mothership's arrived. She's armed and ready to defend us. Release us, or Voyager will destroy you. [Bridge] It's not really my taste. I wish I could say the same. The great Captain Janeway. Somehow I expected you to be taller. I make a better you than you. And what is that? Why would I do that? Oh, is that supposed to frighten me? Just that they're a more gullible species than most. Suppose I do tell you. How do I know you won't turn me over to the Telsians anyway? Is that a promise, Captain? Give me the Delta Flyer and three days to get as far away from here as I can, and then I'll send you the information you want. As far as the victims are concerned, you're the one who cheated them. Without my help, you'll be the one who has a problem leaving this sector. I'm not hungry. (The forcefield is taken down and he goes into the cell.) You want to know if you really resemble the Redeemer of Light? Then what? You seem like a good person. I'm sorry I lied to you. Probably. My father taught me most people will exploit you if they can. So, it's best to exploit them first. And now you don't hesitate to help starving orphans. I suppose you suddenly reformed. But she never asked for a thing. I should've guessed. I suppose that you think I could change too. Do you really think that she'll give me safe passage if I make restitution? Then what? I have never done anything else. Are you saying she'd do the same thing for me? I cheated you. Why are you being so kind to me? Is that tea still warm? (Neelix stands and pours her a cup. She drops it.)DALA: Oh, I'm sorry. I'm so clumsy! (Neelix bends to mop up the liquid. She hits him on the back of the neck, grabs his phaser and shoots the guard.) Which one did you expect?  Lower the shields so I can transport aboard. I'll tell you once I'm aboard. Are you accusing me of something? [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] (Paris climbs out of the retractable biobed.) Why would I try to deceive you? (Paris activates the mobile emitter.) I don't have time for this. Lower your shields and beam me aboard. As you were. Now, what about the bolomite and the rest of our earnings? Well, it's time to collect them and leave the region. Set a course before Voyager finds us. I just spent the last twenty four hours in Voyager's brig. I have no intention of going back. That can't be. Don't be ridiculous. Whoever it is must've stowed away. On screen. Evasive manoeuvres. (They shoot at the Flyer and go to warp. Later, at a planet.)DALA: Let's get everything on board as quickly as we can. Do I have to think of everything? Maybe we should take twelve. Is there a problem? Well, there's a first time for everything. Who knows what the two of you planned while I was in Voyager's Brig? After you. [Cavern]  The next populated sector is thirteen days from here. When we arrive, we'll trade the Delta Flyer for a new ship. Voyager will never find us. Are all the transport enhancers in place? I'm afraid there's been a change of plans. (Dala puts a real Voyager comm. badge on.)DALA: I've found the stolen items, Captain. You can lock onto my coordinates. Voyager, I repeat, I am in position. [Bridge]  Voyager, now would be an excellent time to initiate transport. Voyager, please respond. (A figure approaches.)DALA: You're a sight for sore eyes. The one and only. I believe you've mistaken me for someone else. (She adjusts the mobile emitter.)
