Be careful! Sorry. You might have broken the connection. One of the bio-neural gel packs was malfunctioning. I had to replace it. Not yet. I was just going to take this to Engineering for analysis. I was in the area, I saw a malfunctioning gel pack and I fixed it. What's the problem? I guess I'm used to doing things a little differently. On our ship, when something went wrong, you fixed it. I'm well aware of that, Lieutenant. And every minute of every day I regret it. I was just trying to do my job, trying to help out. If that goes against Starfleet's almighty rules then put me in the brig. Otherwise, leave me alone. Captain's log, stardate 48846.5. Ordinarily the loss of a gel pack would be a minor inconvenience, but here in the Delta Quadrant it's a reminder of the precarious nature of our journey. [Ready room] Leave him alone. I said, leave him alone. Can't you see he's just a kid? He shouldn't even be here. You'll probably have me running two hundred laps for this, but I don't care. The problem we're having, Lieutenant, is that this whole thing is insulting. We didn't ask to come aboard this ship but we understand the situation we're in and we've done the best job we can, and now you're telling us that's not good enough. Well, maybe that's too bad. Maybe we've done the best we can and that's as good as you're going to get. How about it? Does anybody really want to be here? Well I don't think he's going to phaser us, and frankly I'd rather be in the brig than in here, so let's go. Chell! Come on, we're leaving. [Mess hall] It's not like we're guilty of mutiny. We'll just keep doing our jobs, same as ever. We're just not going to jump through any Starfleet hoops. (Chakotay enters and joins them, moving Chell out of his seat.) Commander, we're going to live up to our responsibilities on this ship. We're just not going to be treated like teenage cadets. And he was picking on Gerron. I don't like it. Look, Commander, you know as well as I do that we're used to playing with a different rule book. There's the Starfleet way, and there's the Maquis way. That's right. That's always worked for us. (Chakotay punches Dalby, who falls off his chair.) Yes. Sir. No, sir.  I'm going through with this field training, as ordered. I can't say it's very productive. Frankly, it feels like punishment. Excuse me? That's not what I said, or what I'm thinking. What? You think I can't make it through this ridiculous exercise? That's absurd. It's the gel packs again. Well, at least it's only two decks down. Don't think about it. Keep your mind on something else. What? Yes, sir. I understand. All set? Mister Chell, ahead warp six. Heading one five nine mark seven. Mister Gerron, what's the nearest star system? Source? Gerron, can you get a fix? Hail them. We have a duty to offer humanitarian aid if we can. Chell, change course to intercept. Proceed. Red alert. Hail them. Let them know we're on a rescue mission. Evasive manoeuvres, Mister Chell. Arm all forward phasers. Arm all photon banks. Mister Chell, continuous evasive action. Henley, fire at will! Keep firing, Henley. Let's do as much damage as we can. It was a no-win situation. What were we supposed to do? I was in command. Put the blame on me. The crew was just following my orders. I thought I did everything I could. We were just out-gunned. I can't believe you'd say that. Well, Mister Tuvok, once more you've proven your point. We're just not Starfleet material. Are we dismissed, sir? Okay. Not really. I did when I was younger. What is this all about? This little exercise. Are we testing my social skills? Does Starfleet have rules about them too? Get to know each other? Okay, here's the brief history of Kenneth Dalby. We lived on the Bajoran frontier. It was a hard life. I coped by getting into a lot of trouble. I was angry at everybody and everything, till a woman came along and taught me about love. For a while, I wasn't angry any more. Three Cardassians raped her and smashed her skull. I joined the Maquis and tried to slaughter as many of them as I could find. How about you? Any family? No. He won't let me get close. First time I saw him, I thought I was looking at myself at that age. I thought maybe I could be a friend, maybe he wouldn't turn out the way I did. But I didn't have much luck. And then we got stuck out here. Being so far away from home is hard on somebody that young, so I'd appreciate it if you'd try not to make him any more miserable that he is already. That's why he's in this group? If you say so. But understand this, Lieutenant. I don't want to get to know you, and I don't want to be your friend. [Sickbay]  I think the inertial dampeners are malfunctioning. Can't get the main cargo door open either. This conduit is getting very hot. What about Gerron? We can't leave him. What is that, some kind of Starfleet rule? I don't give a Circassian fig what's tactically correct, I'm going back for him. This is one time when retreat is not an option. I won't forget this. You're letting him die. I thought Starfleet rules said that was an unacceptable risk, going back to save him. Lieutenant, if you can learn to bend the rules, I guess we can learn to follow them. Come on, let's get you two to Sickbay. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
