Sorry. Sorry, sorry. I didn't mean to frighten you. Yes, yes, that's me. It was me. And you, you're an isomorph like myself? Hologram. And you, you're a hologram too? You're organic. Why? Oh, of course. I'd appreciate that. Over there. You can access my systems from that console. Oh, it was terrible, just terrible. You see, we left Seros eight months ago. Seros, that's our home planet. With a crew of six. No, just me. I'm an HD25 maintenance unit with extreme hazard clearance. I'm responsible for cleaning the reactor core, ejecting antimatter waste, that sort of thing. When the crew got sick there was nothing I could do. I'm not designed for medical functions. I, I Two of the crew members left to survey a planet. When they came back they'd been infected by a deadly virus. It spread quickly to the other organics on board, and one by one, well, I watched them all die. Then things started to malfunction here. I've limited knowledge of the controls. I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't come. On the lower deck. You, you shouldn't go down there. Too dangerous. That deck's been flooded with antimatter radiation. Organic flesh would disintegrate within seconds. You can access my isomatrix from this deck. There's an interface junction in that compartment. What's your name? I'd like to hear it, and everything else about you.  [Jefferies tube 32B] You can use this emitter to go anywhere? Extraordinary. I've never left this vessel before. And until the crew got sick, I ever even left the antimatter storage chamber. Do you know what it's like spend your life trapped inside a tiny room, not knowing what's beyond the door, what the world is really like? Nobody coming to see you or talk to you unless they want something? An equal? Oh, no, no, no. My programmers on Seros would never allow that. Nothing. Er, nothing. I'm just sterilising the ship. I'm fastidious about germs. I know that must sound strange coming from an artificial being. Of course. How stupid of me. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have barged in here. You nibble, like a fish. Oh, it is. I've never seen a fish before, not a real one, but I've read about them on our database. Fish aren't like other organics. They're more passive, I think, most of them. And so clean. Is there anything I can do to help with repairs? Gladly. Seeing the ship ripped apart like this, it's. I, I guess I can't help feeling a kind of affinity for this vessel. It sustains my existence. Sometimes I feel like it's a part of my body, my soul. That probably sounds silly to you. You couldn't possibly understand how I feel. You're an organic. You exist apart from your ship. I understand how you feel. You're the one who's trapped, not me. You spend your entire life stuck inside a biological cage of flesh and bone and blood. I exist as pure energy, but you depend on food and water to survive. Frankly, I find it disgusting. Look at you, Look at you. Grinding up bits of plants and animals with your teeth. Secreting saliva to force it down your oesophagus into a pit of digestive acids. You can't even stand to think about it yourself. What a repulsive creature you are! Constantly shedding your skin and hair, leaving your oily sweat on everything you touch. You think that you are the height of intellect in the universe, but you are no better than any filthy animal and I am ashamed to be made in your image! My apologies. My apologies. I have acquired some hostility towards organics. It was not meant for you. I was treated quite badly by the crew here. Am I interrupting? I'd like you to meet someone. Doctor, this is Spectrum. Magnificent, isn't he? So peaceful, and so content. I programmed him to keep me company. Don't you have a pet? They wouldn't let me have one either. I had to hide him. Oh, I've programmed all sorts of things.  [Cargo Bay two] This is a lot to learn. Well, I won't need those any more. No crew to worry about. Fifty nine point two percent. That's how much power went into life support. Fifty nine point two percent. Just to keep them breathing, warm, comfortable. I should know. I spent my entire existence cleaning up after them. When they were busy sleeping or reading, or engaging in their slovenly carnal pleasures. They took advantage of me. I wish I'd been more like you. You showed me that I could be more than a slave to these biological Join me. Leave Voyager. Escape your prison. Together we'll take this vessel and explore the galaxy.  [Projection control] Don't look so surprised. You gave me the idea! You said I should be more self-sufficient. No! No! No, no, no, no, no! We don't need nourishment, we don't suffer disease. We're the higher form of life. (Torres triggers an alarm.) Lower deck. Someone's trying to access my matrix. I'll be back. (Dejaran disappears. The EMH runs.) [Projection control] You said you'd help me. You lied. You lied to me. I thought you were my friend. No, no, no! You're unstable. You're a hologram who thinks like an organic. (Dejaren swings the hammer at the EMH. It goes through him, of course. The EMH throws his medkit through Dejaren.) Freedom. Oh, you're getting blood everywhere. I'm going to have to deactivate you. (He backs Torres into a corner and swings the hammer. She dodges underneath it and goes into the interface junction compartment. She closes the door, but Dejaran walks through it. Torres crawls backwards and activates the isomimetic conduit lying on the floor. She jabs it into Dejaran and it stays there until he finishes decompiling. A little later, she reactivates the EMH whilst sitting on the deck.)
