 I'm sure they really wanted to kill my father. He's the one they invited up to your ship. Nori and Adin are known to be political extremists. I may be able to explain that. You mentioned that she was with the third patient when he died? I believe your crewmember has been inhabited by the consciousness of a very dangerous man, named Tieran. Oh, I know exactly what he wants. To overthrow my family's government and to reinstate himself as the Autarch. Tieran ruled Ilari over two centuries ago. He was a war hero, a brilliant military leader. He brought security and stability during a difficult time in our history. But in peace time, he began to treat his own subjects as enemies. He became convinced everyone was a potential traitor. They did, led by one of my ancestors. They laid siege to the Imperial Hall for over a year and the city around it was burned to the ground, but Tieran was finally defeated. During his reign he became obsessed with his own mortality. He spent most of his time, and Ilari's resources, searching for ways to overcome death. Somehow he's discovered a way to transfer his own mind into someone else's body, as he's done with Kes. Yes. Completely. Tieran may have access to her memories and her feelings, but the Kes you know is lost. I'm very sorry. That's certainly worth exploring, Captain, but our priority must be to stop Tieran. By force if necessary. Voyager is a powerful ship. You don't understand what's at stake here, Captain. You must help me to defend my people. They're in the main chamber of the Imperial Hall. He's after my family, my father and brother are down there. [Imperial Hall - Council Chamber] (The guards are quickly dealt with.)  This coup attempt is turning my people against each other. They're splitting into factions, mine and Tieran's. Officially, I inherited my father's title upon his death. But this isn't a matter of law, it's about loyalty. Some people will follow whoever has more power and right now that's Tieran. He's gaining support everyday. He's already recruited some of my less reliable allies, which may include my brother, Ameron. So did I, until I learned otherwise from sources on Ilari. Tieran spared his life no doubt in order to win his loyalty. Ameron's always been easily swayed. That's very possible. And if he does there will be no way to avoid a civil war. I must strike now, before Tieran is fully prepared! I assume Tieran would implant a device like this in his new body as quickly as possible. Yes, but how close would you have to get to use this device? If I could get anywhere near her, I'd use a thoron rifle to be absolutely sure. I'm very sorry she got caught in the middle of this, Captain, but too many other innocent lives have already been lost. Including my father's. What exactly do you suggest? All right, we'll try your strategy. [Imperial Hall - Council Chamber] The detection grid will make a surprise attack difficult. You've made a bad guess, Tieran. There will be no more rescues.
