Hello, Lieutenant. When I heard what happened, I boarded the first ship I could. Tell me about this illness. The third planet in a system of seven? I know it well. There's a particular kind of burrowing insect that carries the disease. Years ago, we developed an anti-viral agent to combat it. Of course. Our captain said we could rendezvous with you. He's transmitted the coordinates. I'm glad I can be of assistance. Shmullus. Shmullus, can you hear me? Shmullus, I have to do this quickly. I'm on one of the Vidiian ships. No. Everyone's too focused on the battle. Oh, Shmullus, I swear I didn't know they planned to attack. I thought we were on an errand of mercy. I have the anti-viral serum here. If you can use your transporter to get it to your ship. I don't know what else to suggest.
Who are you? What have you done to me? Holographic? I'm sorry, I I am. I just never expected to look healthy again. I've been sick for so long. I was first diagnosed with the Phage when I was seven. About that same time. At first, it was hard to get used to the changes, but it happened so often that after a while I, I almost stopped noticing. I never, I never thought I'd see myself again. Thank you. This is the most extraordinary thing anyone has ever done for me. Do you mean you're a You're a computer simulation? I'm sorry. What did you say your name was? Denara. Denara Pel. I was helping to treat an outbreak of the Phage on Fina Prime. I was on my way back to my home colony, but it's a long journey and my condition got worse. A haematologist. My treatment? I feel fine. How long? I see. It's nothing. Of course. [Doctor's office] Excuse me. I just want to say that I've read about the experiments that were done on you. What you went through must have been very traumatic. I'm sure it is. Please understand this disease has been killing my people for hundreds of years. Trying to stop it has become an obsession, and many of our politicians and scientists have never developed compassion for the people who keep us alive. As much as I want to go on living, I've accepted the fact that I will die soon. I only want your help if you are willing to give it. If you have any questions at all about the procedure, I'd be happy to answer them for you. Your technique is very impressive. Incredible. I was only assisting. Do you have to? But I have so much energy. I don't know. Maybe it's the excitement of the surgery or, or maybe it's this new body. What I'd really like to do is take a walk and see the rest of your ship. All right. Thank you. It's wonderful. If I had a place like this to go to, I'd be there every day. Congregating in groups is strictly regulated. It's considered to be a threat to public health. I suppose. Sometimes I think my people spend so much time trying to save lives, they don't know how to live anymore. No. They were just being nice. I guess I'm just not used to so much attention. Where I come from, when you're as sick as I am, people, healthy people stay away from you. I guess I forgot for a second that I don't look like that anymore. All this talk about me. There's still so much I'd like to know about you. You're very funny. It's, er, just that I, I haven't laughed in a very long time. Thank you. Well, what did that man mean when he said you can't dance? And you can't do it? Oh. I see. Please, call me Denara. And what about you? What should I call you? I know. You don't have a name. Would it be all right if I gave you one? How about Shmullus. It was my uncle's name. He used to make me laugh too. Yes, here we are. Yes? If you think it's best. All right, then. Shmullus? I had a wonderful time. Thank you, for everything. (She is expecting an end of date kiss.) Good night, Shmullus. Yes? No, I Yes. I think it's best if we keep our relationship professional. Hello, Kes. I'm fine. I'm just waiting for the Doctor. He's been gone a long time. I don't know. It all happened so fast. He just blurted it out. How could he possibly have those kinds of feelings about me? Please don't. It's not easy to feel good about yourself when you're used to living your life like that. (Her real body.) Neither was I. No. I do. Where are we exactly? What is it that we're supposed to be doing? Thank you. You're, you're very, very thoughtful. (He turns on the radio. Originally it played I Only Have Eyes For You by the Flamingoes, but on the DVD you hear My Prayer, which is out of copyright.) Actually, I wouldn't mind just sitting here for a while. Those moons and star formations are so different from anything I've ever seen before. What's wrong? Please don't do that. I administered the nytoxinol. You mean kill her. Was me. I don't ever want to be her again! What are you doing? Kes, would you excuse us? (Kes leaves.) I don't want to go through with the transfer. I'd rather live two more days like this with you, than go on for who knows how long wasting away a piece at a time. I thought you were more than my doctor. I thought you were my friend. What kind of friend would ask me to go on living like this? And for what? So that I can go back to a world where everyone I ever loved has died? Where almost everyone I meet is going to die? I can't help them. I can't cure them. All I can do is prolong their suffering. Just like you want to do to me now. Do you know what it's like? Do you? What it's like to be a nine year old child, and suddenly your best friend doesn't want to come to your house anymore. And when you ask your mother why, why won't Mala come and play with me anymore? And she tells you it's because, it's because the other children are afraid of you. Listen to me. Before I met you, I was just a disease. But now, everything's different. When people look at me, they don't see a disease anymore. They see a woman. A woman you made. A woman you love. A woman you're not afraid to touch. Why? Because you're a doctor? You say that now. But if I go through with the transfer. I will be sick again, and ugly. Oh, please. Stop patronising me! I know how people see me. Won't you? You have given me the most extraordinary gift that anyone has ever given me. You, you brought me to this ship where no one is sick and people are friendly. You've made me healthy and beautiful. I don't want to go back to the way things were. I want us to be together. But if you put me back in that body, I'll have to go home and help my people.
