Stay still. Don't worry, it's not serious. Yes. This is my home. If you mean the aliens who were on the ship with you, they're safe. You need to rest. What were you doing in the asteroid field? Dexa. I had an uncle named Neelix. Are there other Talaxians on your ship? Why are you living with aliens? Yes. We avoid contact with outsiders. No. We're not violent. No one fired at you. There are miners who use explosive charges to break apart the asteroids so they can collect minerals from the debris. Why were you carrying weapons? I told you not to come in here. You're supposed to be helping Oxilon. I'm not supposed to be talking to you at all. I've been told not to let you leave. [Bridge] Neelix, this is Oxilon, our council regent. They're aboard your shuttle making repairs. I'll take you there. I know Oxilon seems overly cautious, but we're not used to having visitors. Close to five hundred. All of our homes are connected to the central cabin by tunnels and lifts. They allow us to easily move from one section of the asteroid to another. Almost five. It still isn't finished. We arrived here with a caravan of six ships. We disassembled all but one of them and modified their components. We converted torpedo launchers to blast away rock and excavate these tunnels. These conduits run into the asteroid's core. We use geothermal energy to melt the ice that covers most of the outer surface. It provides us with oxygen and water. How would you know? You only met him for a few seconds. He came to see you while I was out, didn't he? Hmm. He's a lot like his father. No fear. He's dead. It's all right. You didn't know. [Delta Flyer] You'd kill us? You can't do this. Where are we supposed to go? This is our home. You have no right to make us go. (Nocona pushes her aside.) You can see now why we're suspicious of outsiders, How could they get any worse? And what has running away ever done for us? Maybe it's time we stayed and defended ourselves. Will you help us? How? Shush, Brax. Talax. You can scan that far away? It's as beautiful as I remember. (They zoom in to view features.) And the Axiana Lakes. That was always one of my favourite places. It's still controlled by the Haakonians. They don't treat Talaxians very well. That's why we left. You live on a beautiful ship. You're lucky to have found these people. They obviously think a great deal of you. It really is delicious. A little, please. I haven't had this in years. You're a good cook. I haven't seen Brax this happy since his father was alive. I don't mind. We'd settled on a planet call Phanos. There was a lot of unoccupied territory, but the government restricted us to a very small area. They said it was a quarantine to protect the population from alien diseases. But it was just an excuse. We were outsiders. They didn't want us mixing with their people. It wasn't long before we realised we didn't have enough land to grow what we needed to feed ourselves. Oxilon said we'd just have to conserve our resources. But my husband was tired of being told what to do, so he started farming outside the restricted zone. A security patrol confronted him. He told them he had to provide for his family, that he wasn't afraid of them. There was a fight. He was killed. After that, we came here. We thought we'd finally found a place where no one would bother us. Maybe. But even if it isn't, thank you for trying. Neelix? It's been a wonderful day. (Neelix leaves.) [Briefing room] I knew it wouldn't work. Thanks, but there's too much to take with us. Come on, Brax. We're going home. We have to pack. Come on. Brax. [Astrometrics lab] We could route power to the emitters directly from the core. They'd have a permanent energy supply. You know he's right. Understood. You? Be careful. Neelix, you have to hurry. Dexa to Neelix. The shield's holding. [Neelix's ship] You did it.NEELIX: We did it. Captain's log, stardate 54868.6. Commander Nocona seems to have given up his attempts to penetrate the Talaxians' shield. Voyager's ready to get underway, but we're giving Mister Neelix time to say a difficult goodbye to his new friends. [Dexa's quarters] He can't, Brax. He has responsibilities on Voyager.
