Stay away! I said stay away! (The weapons fire is making so much noise that the Hunter does not hear Tuvok sneak up behind. He neck-pinches him.) Get away from me! (He runs into the surgical bay forcefield and is knocked down.) You're holograms. This is a simulation. Liar. Why should I believe you? Janeway. This is Voyager? You're the ones who gave us the technology to simulate our hunts. Where are the rest of my people? A training facility, where young Hirogen learn the skills of the hunt. A technician. There were too many of them. The holograms. They were malfunctioning. I tried to shut them down but they got control of the system and, and they deactivated the safety protocols. I tried to shut down the generator, but I There were too many of them. I masked my lifesigns so they couldn't detect me. I'm not a hunter. They transferred their programmes. A vessel equipped with holo-emitters. They're gone. [Astrometrics lab]  The holo-emitters are independent subsystem with its own power generator here. My people need to hunt formidable prey. I did. Under orders from my Alpha. Where? I'll help you.  The holo-emitters are protected by three layers of ablative armour. That's not true. They were programmed to be as vicious as any hunter. Hirogen sensors can detect residual ion emissions. I might be able to modify yours to do the same. I was hoping to stay here. Hunters don't have much use for cowards. If the hunters find the holograms before you do, they'll be slaughtered. I modified their programmes. What's happened to them, the people they have killed, it's my fault. If you hadn't, I'd have become a hunter, like my father and his father. Instead, I had a chance to learn, become an engineer. Please, Captain, let me stay and help you. [Bridge] ALPHA 2 I haven't even had a chance to study the schematics. May I? Hirogen vessels produce an ion wake approximately five thousand metres long. Inside it, there's too much interference for their sensors to detect anything. JANEWAY A blind spot. I know their scanning frequencies. They wouldn't have entered the nebula unless they detected the holograms. She won't be alone. I reprogrammed these holograms once, and it caused suffering on both sides. I'd like a chance to undo some of the damage.
