Authorised entry detected. Initiating DNA scan. B'Elanna Torres confirmed. Hello, B'Elanna. Your last systems access was on stardate 47582. Current date is 49447. Time zero eight forty hours. Did you sleep well last night? Your presence was not anticipated during the mission. Please explain. A self-diagnostic has been conducted every fourteen hours. No malfunctions have been detected. Aschelan Five. Size. Radiothermic signature. Atmospheric composition. Relative Based on available data, you are mistaken, B'Elanna. Access to primary navigational systems is denied at stage three alert status. Affirmative. Please be more specific. (Torres takes a tool from her box and starts scanning Dreadnought's isolinear chips.) Confirmed. All attempts to avoid the phenomenon failed. Reinitialisation sequence is complete. Based on relative position to known astronomical markers, this vessel is currently located in the Delta quadrant. Negative. Unable to verify. Standing down from stage three. Target lock has been deactivated. Reestablishing stage four. Acknowledged. Goodnight, B'Elanna. Unauthorised entry detected. Initiating DNA scan. Hello B'Elanna. Your last systems access was today at zero eight forty hours. Current time is nineteen thirty one hours. Have you had a pleasant day? Access to programmer interface has been denied. (Torres tries another panel.) Access to programmer interface has been denied. (Torres crosses the area and opens a panel. She gets an electric shock through the tool she is using. She throws it away and gets out a tricorder.) Access to circuit pathways has been denied. Be advised that the intensity of the shock will increase if you attempt to open the panel again. (Torres goes to another panel.) Probability assessment indicates that you are being coerced by Cardassian forces. (Torres manages to remove a rod without being shocked.) Stage two alert has been activated. There are fifteen priority targets approaching. All weapon systems at full readiness. Speed, full impulse. All command functions have been rerouted through protected back-up circuits, B'Elanna. Your attempt to compromise control has been blocked. This vessel is programmed to respond with all necessary force to prevent any disruption to it's mission. [Bridge] (Dreadnought wipes out Rakosan ships easily.) Communications have been terminated. Transporter lock has also been disengaged. There was a tactical advantage in monitoring your ship's communications until this time. You are accessing the detonation control circuit. Probability assessment indicates you are attempting to detonate the explosive before it reaches its target. Probability assessment indicates you are attempting to detonate the explosive before it reaches its target. Unable to respond. Reassessing probabilities. Affirmative. Probability of being in the Delta quadrant, seventy five thousand light years from last confirmed location, is negligible. Assumption entered. Assumption entered. Assumption entered. If key sensor programmes were damaged or deleted, databanks would be compromised. Files containing information about the weapons or tactical systems are not necessary to verify sensor accuracy. Unable to identify. Stardate 46437.5 Hypothetical game terminated. Probability reassessment complete. Affirmative. Probability of being in the Delta quadrant remains negligible. When that option is rejected, new probability assessment indicates that you have changed loyalties, B'Elanna. You are now cooperating with the Cardassian Federation Alliance as described in the treaty of 2367, a treaty which has been rejected by the Maquis. Humanoid life support aboard this vessel has been terminated. Approaching target at full impulse. Stage one alert has been activated. Initiating final detonation sequence. [Ready room] KELLAN All key systems have been secured. You will not gain access. That is an unlikely assertion, B'Elanna. You are attempting to access the obsolete Cardassian file. Why? Life support has been terminated. It is advisable for you to return to your ship. [Bridge] Voice analyser functioning. Unable to identify. No additional presence detected. Engaging counter-virus response programme. The Cardassian depot on Aschelan Five. Negative. Target lock has been confirmed. The Maquis are now in control of this weapon. The original targeting parameters have been replaced with those of this target. The countdown for the detonation sequence will continue. Aschelan Five will be destroyed. Access to the navigational system is denied. All critical pathways have been re-routed through protected backup systems. Security lockout in function. All overrides will be blocked. Counter virus response. All systems. Attempting. Hello, B'Elanna. The Cardassian virus has been neutralised. Containment field integrity at forty percent and falling. This vessel is programmed to respond with all necessary force to prevent any disruption to its mission. Analysis of your vital signs suggests you are about to lose consciousness, B'Elanna. When you cease your efforts to breach the containment field, life support will be restored. Containment field at twenty percent and falling. Perhaps your Delta quadrant hypothesis deserves further consideration. Probability assessment did not anticipate this outcome. [Bridge]
