Continue scanning. Begin the procedure. [2371 Engineering] At least we know where the weapon was placed. Now we have to determine when. [2371 Outside the Jefferies tube] Stand by. We're trying to get you out of there. [Relativity] There's too much interference. If I transport her now we'll damage her bionetic implants. Sir. I told you this was going to happen. She's dead. No, sir. Sir, a fourth jump? She could suffer neural damage, even temporal psychosis. Raise shields. Time frame, stardate 52861.274. Delta Quadrant. Spatial coordinates eighty seven theta by two seventy one. Target, USS Voyager. [Cargo Bay two] No time. (He places a device on her arm and they are beamed away. Voyager goes KaBOOM!) [Relativity] Your ocular implant. It can detect disruptions in space-time better than our sensors. We're trying to catch the saboteur before he places the weapon on Voyager. Not yet. Not precisely, but we've narrowed the window to a period two years before you joined the crew, when the ship was under attack. Our database indicates Voyager was boarded twice during that period. We believe the saboteur infiltrated this time frame because Voyager's shields were down. It was the perfect opportunity to evade the detection. You might experience sensory aphasia. It affects the cerebral cortex and can lead to temporal psychosis. Aye, sir. The Pogo Paradox. Excellent. Can you give me an example? So, in a way, the Federation owes its existence to the Borg. I beg your pardon? You know, you've asked me this every time. That uncertainty is part of the equation. We don't know what's going to happen. Neither do I. But I trust Captain Braxton's instincts, just as you trust Captain Janeway's. [Relativity Holomatrix]  This will occlude your Borg implants. Ready? Raise shields. Time frame, stardate 49123.5621. Delta quadrant. Spatial coordinates, twenty one alpha prime by nine three six zeta. Target, USS Voyager. [2372 Corridor] CHAKOTAY The forcefields are blocking our transmissions. It's no use, sir. She can't hear us. [2372 Corridor] She can't hear you, sir. I'm trying. [2372 Corridor]  Tempus fugit. Negative. He's activated a dispersal node. I should say, you've activated a dispersal node. Not yet. I'm sorry, sir. I'm taking command of this vessel, and I'm relieving you of duty for crimes you're going to commit. Seven of Nine [2372 Jefferies tube] DUCANE  I'm tracking him. He's travelled to another time frame, two years earlier. That would be your fourth jump. Stand by. [2372 Jefferies tube] He's still on Voyager [2371 Corridor] DUCANE Seven of Nine, status. Stand by. [Relativity]  I'm pulling you out. [Mess hall] FUTURE  Braxton? Let's hope so, because we've run out of options. [Corridor] This Seven of Nine stopped Braxton, but she created several temporal incursions along the way. She instigated a phaser fight at Utopia Planitia. She was seen by you and Lieutenant Tuvok two years before she joined your crew. And she interacted with her past self in front of fifteen crew members at a Ping-Pong tournament approximately six minutes ago. Your time frame, of course. Needless to say, we need to clean up the timeline. Someone must go back to the beginning and prevent the chain of events from occurring in the first place. In exchange for leniency, Captain Braxton informed us of the precise moment he boarded Voyager to plant the weapon. We'll be sending you to stop him. Tell her. Don't miss it, or we'll have to do this all over again. And there's a third one in our brig. I arrested him earlier today. But, don't worry. They'll all be reintegrated in time for the trial. Oh, I assure you, when all this is over there'll be just one Seven of Nine.  Incursion factor point zero zero three six. It's better than I expected. You'll both be returned to your time frame. You'll be reintegrated with the other Seven of Nine. Since none of your time jumps were to your foreseeable future, only the past, I see no reason to resequence your memory engrams. But remember the Temporal Prime Directive. Discuss your experiences with no one. Oh, Captain. Braxton was right about one thing. Voyager shows up on our sensors far too often. Try to avoid time travel.
