Welcome. Why don't you go get him something to drink? I know it all seems strange now, but you are one of us, Harry. Can't you feel it? Then stay with us a while and celebrate. Come, have something to eat. Our written language is very complicated. I can teach it to you if you're interested. I'm afraid none of us get the chance to meet our fathers. They're the ones who take the embryos to other worlds. Your father must have left here a very long time ago to make it all the way to the Alpha Quadrant. Let me relax your muscles for you. Enough to stay? You could be happy here, too. This uniform seems so restrictive. Why don't you let me find you something more comfortable? Don't worry, you'll remember everything you need to know about the ceremony once it begins. (Taymon walks up to his three brides, who are wearing red veils.) It's tradition. It symbolises binding their lives together, no longer looking for anyone else. Do you find it exciting?  Here you are. I hope you'll be comfortable here. Is there anything else that I can get for you? Get into bed. Tuck you in? That's sweet. Lie back and relax. Lekaria san. Do you understand? Now close your eyes. (She anoints his face with oil from the pot.) It's the essence of rikka flowers, it's very soothing. Lekaria san. (more kisses) Goodnight, Harry. [Kim's dream] LYRIS I think you'll like it here, Harry. I think you'll like it here, Harry. Stay with me. (They fall onto his bed on Voyager to make love. Rinna is there, too. Eliann blindfolds Kim.) [Kim's room] (Eliann and Rinna are with Kim on his bed.) It's all right, it's all right. You were dreaming. We just want to help you relax and enjoy yourself. I don't believe that. I think you've been spending too many nights alone, Harry. You can't fight genetics. I want you to choose me, Harry. But that's the reason why you were drawn back home, Harry. To have children. Listen to your instincts. You have a responsibility to your people to pass on your genes to the next generation. If there's anything your Taresian genes have given you, it's a sense of duty and loyalty. You don't belong with them anymore. This is who you are. One of us. Your place is here. It's the right choice, Harry. This is the life you were always meant to have. (Rinna gives Kim a long, slow kiss.) You'll never be alone again, Harry. We'll make sure of that. I know you're attracted to me. There's been a connection between us since the moment you got here. What are you doing? (Kim ties her arms behind her, then gags her.)
