I had to fire thirteen spatial charges to drive those ships off. I expect to be compensated. Now tell me, what are you doing in the middle of nowhere? [Transporter room] (They are having issues beaming Emck aboard.) Yes, yes, my isolation suit. Don't be alarmed. Emck. Controller Emck. Malon export vessel, eleventh gradient. I'd advise you to turn around immediately. There are more of those creatures ahead, thousands of vessels. They're almost impossible to detect. You won't survive another attack. Then, er, it appears you'll be coming with me. There's a spatial vortex a few light years from here. It leads directly to the other side of the expanse. We've been using it for years. Ah, I'm on a transport mission. My sensors tell me that one of the creatures is still aboard your ship. Enough questions. Give me the creature and I'll take you to the vortex. None of your concern. My ship will depart in two hours. Cooperate or stay behind. I won't be coming to your rescue when the creatures return. I'm finished here. (Janeway nods, and Tuvok beams Emck back to his ship.) Captain. You've decided to join us. Send the creature to my I said this was none of your concern. My civilisation produces over six billion isotons of industrial by-product every day. This region is a perfect disposal site. One species. What kind of solution? Show me now. What about the theta radiation? We don't have this kind of conversion technology. Ingenious design. Our engineers would be pleased. This would solve a lot of problems on my world. Unfortunately, it would also put me out of business. Your technology would throw the waste export industry into chaos. Before long, I'd be obsolete. I came here hoping your claims were exaggerated, but I can see they're not. You can keep your solution. I already have the advantage. The vortex. No one knows about it except me and my crew. By ejecting my cargo here I cut expenses in half. I won't sacrifice that. You care so much about these creatures, stay. You've scanned my vessel. You've seen my fire power. You wouldn't survive ten seconds in a conflict with me. Pah! [Janeway's quarters] (A schematic of the vortex is on her desk monitor.)
