You decompiled his matrix. You murdered him. I'm sorry. There wasn't enough time. Our Doctor was using these spores to synthesise new medicines, not weapons. It's my portable regeneration unit. I have a unique physiology. This device maintains my cybernetic systems.  Careful, Ensign, or you'll fracture a metacarpal. The situation is not as desperate as it appears. The reports of my decompilation have been greatly exaggerated. Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Seven downloaded my programme into her cybernetic matrix. An interesting sensation, to say the least. Total control, it seems. I scanned her before the aliens came aboard. Physiologically, she's fine. As for her consciousness, I'm assuming it's submerged, but there's no way to be sure until I vacate her systems and conduct a neurological exam. This experience will make a fascinating article for the I know Seven's senses were more acute than the average humanoid but, I had no idea. What is that? That smell. It could be an airborne toxin. Do you think they're trying A little? Seven's had a busy day too, and she's come through it smelling like the proverbial rose. Captain's log, stardate 54238.3. We've completed our maintenance layover at the Maldorian station and we're on our way to rendezvous with the Delta Flyer. We expect to reach them in forty eight hours. [Tuvok's quarters]  Mmm! I had no idea that eating was such a sensual experience. The tastes, the textures, feeling it slide down Seven's oesophagus. It's exquisite. You know, I was thinking. When we get back to Voyager, perhaps you and Seven could help me modify my physical parameters. So I can eat, of course, like any other member of the crew. I believe we can construct a holographic stomach that can store the food for eventual recycling. Relax, Ensign. Our shipmates have never let us down before. I'm sure the captain will clear up this little misunderstanding. In the meantime, are you going to finish that?(Kim hands over his plate.) Don't worry, Ensign. I can take care of myself. My compliments to the chef. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] How many ways do you want me to say this? We are not smugglers, or terrorists. We are explorers. Let us contact our ship. Our captain will explain everything. That's a standard food replicator. Not unless you count Mister Neelix's Bolian soufflé. Let me show you. Computer, one slice of New York cheesecake. This is an old Earth delicacy. Oh, please. (S/he takes the fork and samples it. The cheesecake is even more tasty than expected.)EMH-SEVEN: Mmm mmm! Oh, I never imagined. Mmm! Of course not, but it's just that I usually avoid foods that are this rich. I do have a figure to maintain. Oh, I'd better get another for you. Computer, another slice of cheesecake. Here. (S/he hands the half-eaten one to Ranek. He finds it pleasurable, too.) Our Doctor. That's right, the photonic. If only you could have known him. Ruggedly handsome. A sharp wit, a towering intellect. If he and I hadn't been colleagues. Well, now we'll never know what heights he could have reached. I was just following orders. I've heard that before. If I survive that long. My cybernetic components are already depolarising. I need my regener regeneration device. As you can see, my motor functions are already impaired.  It was so kind of you to escort me. Ah, nice to see you, Ensign. It wasn't my fault. Seven's unique physiology is unique. It doesn't react well to synthehol. Captain Ranek and I shared a meal aboard the Flyer. He's really a gentleman, once you get to know him. It wasn't a date. It was a tactical manoeuvre designed to win the trust of our captors, and it worked. (S/he holds up the mobile emitter.) Nothing unladylike, I assure you. They lost their medic to a recent skirmish, and I offered to take his place. Sorry. (She injects the emitter, and the EMH appears.) Well, if we can't stop the virus, we may be able to slow its progress. We need to synthesise a neural inhibitor. Forgive me, but aren't you the ship's tactical officer? You certainly know your way around a medical bay. You may have missed your true calling. Who's Emmik? Sounds like someone I'd enjoy meeting. Why did he do that? Is it possible he felt subjugated? It could take up to a day to determine if the inhibitor is working. Don't thank me, thank my ship's doctor. He taught me everything I know about medicine. And remember, he was a photonic. Actually, you have a lot in common with him. He was something of a Jack of all trades, too. I suspect you'd have gotten along famously. I'm certain he would've taken a liking to you. [Tuvok's quarters] It must be comforting to have a place like that to go back to. First Ranek, and now you. I may become the first prisoner of war to be decorated by his captors. Who? Your brother? Apparently, it's my most attractive quality. It's not often that I indulge myself like that. What is it? Lovely!(There is a musical sound, too.)RANEK: It's the pulsar's EM fields vibrating against our hull.EMH-SEVEN: Oh!RANEK: I once thought this was the most beautiful sight in the sector. I see now that I was wrong. Oh, I almost forgot. (He offers a glass of alcohol.) Oh, I promised a friend I'd go easy on the synthehol. Do you hear that? It's identical to the rhythm produced by the eight-chambered Ktarian heart. Rapid pulse, respiratory distress. You may be having a reaction to the pulsar's radiation. We should get you to the medical bay. You starship captains are all alike. You can stare down the barrel of a phaser cannon but you can't stomach a simple medical exam. You were wrong. That's because there are no women like me. [Lokirrim ship - medical bay] Ranek summoned me to the bridge under the pretext of a little stargazing. What he really wanted was to use my face as a tongue depressor. It was completely inappropriate. That kind of behaviour would get a Starfleet captain reassigned to a garbage scow. You have, have feelings for him? I've known lotharios like Ranek. Trust me, you don't want anything to do with him. You need someone who, who can appreciate your many talents. Someone overflowing with intelligence and compassion, someone capable. Ow! (EMH-Seven pulls a neck muscle.) I had no idea it could be so excruciating. Please, anything. (Jaryn massages her shoulders.) EMH-SEVEN: Oh, that, that feels wonderful. (S/he suddenly moves away.) No, no, no, no, no, no. There's something you don't know about me. Something I have to tell you. You do? How could you? You're not going to tell anyone, are you? He does? I can't believe you didn't say anything. Calm down. Seven and I have been making progress. (The EMH is downloaded into the mobile emitter.)  Captain, may I speak with you? Privately. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment]  I owe you an apology. A kiss is hardly a court martial offence. It's just that you caught me by surprise. Perhaps we should start over. We could start with a toast. As I've discovered recently, anything is possible. Computer, dim the lights. Play EMH music file gamma twelve. (S/he lets her hair down and takes Ranek in a open dance hold, then pushes him into a Viennese waltz.) It's called a waltz. Something else I learned from our doctor. You're not leaving? I really think you should stay. (S/he sends him into a twirl, then jabs a sedative into his neck.) Never play hard to get with an hologram. [Bridge] I'm afraid there's no time for pleasantries, Captain. We're being held prisoner on a Lokirrim patrol ship. I'm sending you our precise location and the command codes to disable their shields. Ensign Kim is his usual chipper self. As for me, I'm looking forward to a long, uneventful shift in Sickbay. It's a long story, Captain. Delta Flyer out. Apparently, Captain Ranek has an even lower tolerance for synthehol than I do. It's probably not something he'd admit to his crew. We should keep this between us. What are you doing? I wouldn't recommend that. (Ranek wakes.) There was no plan. I'm still a prisoner on your ship. And despite our friendship, my first obligation is to escape. If you knew who I really was, I doubt you'd be trying to
