Computer, freeze programme. Would you care to explain what you're doing? I hardly think so. I created this programme to help you become more comfortable in social situations, not to practice alienating people. That's true. Correct. That doesn't mean subjecting them to an interrogation. You have to let them answer, listen to what they're saying. Ask another question on the same subject. Take your time. Shall we try again? Seven, you've never volunteered for a check-up before. Yes, Captain. What happened? [Sickbay]  I'm being inundated with calls. Seven, go to the bridge. Use the dermal regenerator to treat the burns. [Bridge]  I've analysed a sample of the gases from the nebula. I think the damage came from subnucleonic radiation. Even the briefest exposure is devastating to organic tissue. Yes. Stasis chambers. Independent life support for each unit. Yes. I, of course, would stay online in order to monitor everyone. I assure you, I've considered all possibilities. This is the only way. I think I've demonstrated that I have a command of the rudimentary aspects of piloting. There was only one crewmember besides myself that seemed unaffected by the nebula. [Cargo Bay two] Everyone's being relocated here to deck fourteen so we can monitor you more easily. Hop in. Do I detect a hint of claustrophobia, Lieutenant. Sleep tight. (Kim and Paris lie down, and the EMH closes the transparent lids over them.)EMH: Have no worries, Captain. You'll go to sleep and the next thing you know I'll be standing over you, telling you we're through the nebula. It's just the two of us now. Personal log, Seven of Nine, stardate 51929.3. This is the tenth day of our journey through the Mutara nebula. I have created an efficient daily routine. [Mess ball] Go ahead. [Corridor] I'll be right there. [Deck Fourteen]  Apparently he's more claustrophobic than I thought. But he doesn't seem to have suffered any ill effects. It's not unheard of for people to come out of stasis and start wandering. Leave it to Mister Paris to be just as much trouble now as when he's awake. If you had even the slightest sense of humour, you'd realise I was making a small joke. Give me his vital signs, please. Good. I think not. We're paying a visit to the holodeck. This isn't frivolous. It's essential. You've been getting more irritable and short-tempered with each passing day. Only because I'm having to put up with you. I think you need a little brush-up course in getting along with people. I'm here. This isn't a suggestion and it's not a request. It's an order. [Holodeck - Mess hall] Pardon me, Captain, Mister Neelix. Computer, freeze programme. You're completely missing the point of this exercise. You're supposed to be mixing and mingling, not working on engineering problems. You're splitting hairs. You know very well what purpose this programme is supposed to serve. Because you're being intentionally perverse. What you need is some editorial skill in your self-expression. Between impulse and action there is a realm of good taste begging for your acquaintance. And I can't put up with this for another month. I wish it were that simple. Unfortunately, you have to report to me four times a day to keep me informed about the crew. Computer, what is the nature of the emergency? This is awful. We've got to coordinate the effort. You go to Engineering, I'll go to the bridge. [Bridge]  Doctor to Seven. [Corridor] It's worse than we thought. [Bridge]  Engineering is flooded with plasma. You'll never get in. [Corridor] It's too late. [Bridge]  Sensors show plasma conduits rupturing on decks seven and thirteen. [Corridor]  Seven. There's been another plasma discharge in Engineering. The hull is breaching. Get out! [Engineering] EMH They seem to be in sequence six theta nine. We'll need replacement  These tubes certainly weren't designed with creature comfort in mind. It seems to me the shipbuilders should've created a space in which one can walk upright. I'll complain if I want to. It's comforting. Odd. I've never seen this kind of neural activity in the gel packs. The neurodes are discharging in random bursts. I would imagine the nebula activity is causing it. I'll this back to Sickbay for further study. This journey certainly hasn't lacked excitement. I can't complain about being bored. No doubt. You really should try it. (The EMH glitches.) My programme is degrading. I don't know. I have to get back to Sickbay. Hurry. If the mobile emitter goes offline while I'm out of Sickbay, my programme may be irretrievable. That's easy for you to say. You're not facing cybernetic oblivion. (They leave the tube and stand in a junction. The Doctor disappears then reappears.) If that happens again, I'm a goner. [Sickbay] You're right, it's worthless. There's no way I can risk using it now. I'm stuck here. And we still have weeks to go. It's up to you to keep the ship running. We can't afford to break down in this nebula. He must have a cloaking device. Sensors show no alien lifesigns and no evidence of a ship. I've been working on my mobile emitter. I think I'm making progress, but I still can't leave Sickbay. You'll have to try to track him down. Arm yourself and use extreme caution. The computer sounds like it needs a stimulant. Do what you have to, but keep an eye out for the alien. We have to assume he's up to no good. Seven? Are you frightened?  I'm here. Good work. I have my mobile emitter back online. [Engineering] EMH I'll be right there. I have interesting news about the neural gel packs. Seven? Who are you talking to? There's no one else here. Seven, you're hallucinating. There was no one else in this room. (Seven gives the rifle to the EMH.) Yes. I believe so. When I studied the gel pack, I discovered the radiation was producing a degradation in the synaptic relays. I'm guessing there's been a similar effect on your Borg implants. The radiation could be altering the neurotransmitter levels in your sensory nodes. That would explain why you're hearing voices, seeing images. Hallucinations usually are. That's what makes them so frightening. I'll do everything I can to help you. We'll get you to Sickbay. An antipsychotic may help, at least until I determine just what neural functions are being affected. (A console goes bang!) My programme's going offline. Seven, you've got to hang on. Repair the EPS conduits. Everything depends on you now. You have to. You're the way we can survive (The EMH goes offline.)  I'm proud of you, Seven. You performed admirably.
Not exactly. They all appear to be in a hyper REM state. I've tried every conventional method of waking them, from drugs to direct cortical stimulation, but nothing works. Scans haven't detected any viral or bacterial agents. No cranial trauma, no neural disorders. They're simply asleep. Any progress in identifying him? Large doses of animazine. Not for them. For everybody else. Until I can determine what's happening, I'd suggest the rest of you avoid going to sleep. [Briefing room]  Normally I consider a good night's sleep an important part of any health regimen, but in this case, I can't recommend it. This will regulate your hypothalamus, but in all probability I won't be able to wake you. You'll be on your own.  Congratulations, Commander. You're awake.  Wake up Ensign. You were napping. We had to move you here when we couldn't wake you. Seventeen hours. I take it you experienced nightmares like the rest of the crew? Tell me about them. Thank you. Now then, Ensign, you were telling me about your nightmare. Very well. Go eat, get some clothes on, and report back in an hour.  Commander Chakotay, you're awake. Of course you are. (Chakotay goes to the consoles.)EMH: What are you looking for? What? Asleep, along with the rest of the crew. Except me. No rest for the never weary. As soon as you entered your lucid dream, they all began falling asleep one by one. I've been trying every method I can think of to revive them, but nothing works. It's been thirty nine hours. If I can't wake them soon, I'm going to have to start feeding them intravenously. You weren't the only one. Look at this. A neurogenic field created by heightened electrical activity in the brain. It's been occurring in all the sleeping crew members. And that's not all. This is Ensign Kim's brain wave pattern, indicating that he's dreaming in a hyper REM state. This is Crewman Foster's pattern. Lieutenant Torres, Captain Janeway, Commander Tuvok. I don't know what it means. Everyone's REM patterns are identical. They're experiencing the same images, each from his or her own point of view. Which wasn't real. Commander? But we've been scanning for lifeforms since this started and we haven't found anything. So how do we find them? In theory, yes. So if we scan for other neurogenic fields it might lead us to the sleeping aliens. Rise and shine, Mister Paris. He's paranoid, disoriented. I suspect much of the crew will suffer similar symptoms when they awake. Try to relax, Commander. I'm going to sedate you. I'm here to help you. It's all right, Commander. You're awake again. (The planet is on the viewscreen.) You dozed off. Our proximity to the neurogenic field is making it more difficult to stay conscious. Not so fast. This is a highly potent animazine derivative. If you feel yourself falling asleep again, you must use it. And Commander, I suggest we keep an open comm. line. I may need to provide you with a verbal splash of cold water every now and then. [Corridor] Acknowledged, Commander.(Chakotay follows the tricorder signal around a corner to where an alien is lying on a slab. To where thousands of aliens are lying on slabs.) [Corridor] Can you turn it off? [Cavern]  Commander? [Cavern]  Time for your medicine. [Cavern]  Yes. And I suggest you take it immediately. [Cavern]  That's fascinating, Commander. Now please, inject yourself. [Cavern] What are you getting at?  Commander, I'd be happy to discuss comparative pharmacology with you after you administer your injection. [Cavern]  What would that accomplish? There's not enough [Doctor's Office] Animazine for two doses. If you fall asleep again, there's no way I can revive you. [Cavern]  Commander!  You're delirious. You're asking me to incinerate you. [Cavern] Commander. [Cavern]  Aye, sir. [Cavern]
He suffered a cerebral haemorrhage. Fortunately, I was able to repair the damage in time. It appears his neural pathways were recently restructured. I detected a neurogenic signature. The woman you saw was an hallucination created by the derelict ship's neurogenic interface. I've given you a cortical suppressant. She won't be bothering you anymore. Doctor to the bridge. [Sickbay]  Cease fire. Ensign Paris' neural readings are fluctuating. His synaptic functions have become linked to the ship. If we keep firing we could injure him. Severely. Go ahead. Not yet, Captain. I believe so, but I don't know what that would accomplish. [Bridge] Stand by, Captain. I'm making the final adjustments. Maybe you'll be able to explain a few things when you get back. [Alice]  Doctor to bridge. She's in. [Bridge] Well then, I'll leave you to B'Elanna's tender mercies.
Her lifesigns are very weak but stable. It appears that her synaptic pathways have undergone severe neuraleptic shock which is disrupting all cortical functions. It is similar to a comatose state, but with none of the usual biochemical markers. I can't even speculate on a treatment until I know more about what caused her condition. Yes. I received a fascinating lesson in the challenges of getting clear scanner readings through solid rock. We were eventually able to distinguish an intense biogenic field at the site of Kes's accident. That would certainly explain the neuraleptic shock. She was lucky not to have been killed instantly. Really? I don't expect they'd care to tell us how. She's not responding to conventional treatments, and frankly I'm running out of unconventional ideas as well. The level of activity in her brain is so low I can't rule out the possibility of permanent damage, even if I can revive her. The longer she stays in this condition, the less likely it is she'll ever recover. [Sickbay] I'm afraid there's been no change.  Her respiration and pulse have remained steady, but there's been a gradual build up of lactic acid in her extensor muscles over the last hour. Not at all. She's probably experiencing light strain. What you'd expect in an endurance ritual. It's too early to tell. I'm downloading every iota of information from the bioprobe sensors into a physiometric programme which is analysing the data. Even the smallest physiological change may prove significant. We can't discount anything. [Ritual room] (The strain of holding up the large stone is telling on Janeway.) Ah ha! There have been significant increases in the Captain's respiration, neuropeptides and adenosine triphosphate levels. It certainly suggests she's going through a gruelling experience. But it's the neuropeptides that are interesting. The saturations have risen to quite an abnormal level. I can't say it's either so far as the Captain's concerned, but it certainly seems a substantial piece of information. Neuropeptide levels this high could well create a natural barrier to biogenic energy. Not yet, but it's the first piece of data that allows me even to formulate a hypothesis. Mister Neelix, you're wallowing. In useless remorse. I'll have to ask you to stop, it's bad for the patient. If it's any consolation, Mister Neelix, I do understand. [Ritual room] I understand your concern, Commander, but I must point out that her vital signs are stable. She seems to be in no immediate danger. You seem to be implying that I'm not paying attention. I assure you I am monitoring her constantly. If I thought she were in jeopardy I would act. Not that I'm aware of. She's fully conscious and has complete motor control. If she wanted to transport she could signal us. I am getting some remarkable data. Her entire biochemistry is undergoing a series of unique interactions. Look. This amino acid has been formed as a result of the breakdown of the toxin in her blood stream. It's affecting the normal flow of neurotransmitters and very likely having an hallucinogenic effect. I think she's experiencing the Nechani version of a psychoactive drug. I don't believe that's the case, and I strongly suspect this biochemical change is going to give us the answers we need. The toxin in her bloodstream may very well be the key to getting a treatment for Kes.  You could use a good night's sleep and a solid meal, but otherwise you're in good shape. Right away. The ritual may have been arduous for you, Captain, but it was certainly worthwhile. As I suspected, the toxin was the key. That's what produces the natural immunity the Nechani monks acquire before they enter the biogenic field. I've created a physiometric programme to analyse the immune mechanism and develop a treatment regimen. I'll carry out the treatment in stages to reduce the physical stress from the metabolic changes. (A monitor starts beeping.) I don't believe so. Hmm, her electrolyte balance is deviating, but that's not entirely unexpected. Hmm. Mister Neelix, if you keep on pestering me with questions I won't be able to concentrate on what I'm doing. (Beep beep!) Her cardiac functions are being disrupted. I don't understand it. Lectrazine should counteract the disruptions. This is baffling. Her biochemical levels are exactly what they need to be to correct the damage. She should be awake and alert. I can't explain it. Her vital signs are unstable. I have to discontinue treatment. I don't understand it. It's too dangerous. No. I'm sorry, Captain, but it appears that everything you went through was meaningless. [Sanctuary] Understood. [Sanctuary] (Chakotay and Neelix beam down with Kes on a biobed.) The tricorder readings Commander Chakotay took at the shrine revealed traces of iridium ions, which we could have known about sooner if we'd been permitted to take those readings in the first place. They caused a temporary dielectric effect in the outer epidermal layers which neutralised some of the biogenic energy. Not much, but enough to make the Captain's altered biochemistry an effective defence. The metabolic treatment I administered protected you against the full impact of exposure to the field when the Captain took you through. That exposure functioned like a natural cortical stimulator and reactivated your synaptic pathways. Captain? If there's something about my analysis you disagree with.
I've been enlisted. I'm supposed to make contact with our photonic friends from the Fifth Dimension and convince them to call off their attack. It's an undercover mission. I'll need a bit of cosmetic surgery. Well, I've been forced to scale back my role in the interest of credibility. I'll be President of Earth. I must say, the idea of an entire universe populated by photonic beings is rather appealing. Thank you. Guilty as charged. I believe you dropped your calling card. I return it to you as a sign of good faith. I am the President of Earth. A planet some distance from here. I've come on a mission of peace. Your people and the people of Earth have a common enemy. The one and only. Join the club. Chaotica has designs on Earth too. But we've withstood countless attacks, all thanks to one man. Captain Proton. Defender of the universe, scourge of intergalactic evil, And a competent medic to boot, but don't say I said so. Even as we speak, he's preparing to destroy Chaotica's Death Ray, but he needs your help. Your weapons pose a threat to Proton's rocket ship. You must cease firing while he mounts his attack. Once Chaotica's Death Ray is destroyed, you can return to your realm confident that you'll never hear from him again. On behalf of the citizens of Earth, I thank you. [Holodeck - Proton's ship] Isn't anyone going to sing Hail to the Chief? My performance was unimpeachable. Let's just say I'm considering running for office when we get back to Earth. The what? Destructo beam activated. Er, incoming. (Whumph!) [Holodeck - Fortress of Doom]
For one of you, perhaps, but not for me. My holomatrix would be unaffected. What if they're big, purple blobs of protoplasm? Understood. See you soon. Captain! Lieutenant! I thought I'd never see you again. (He hugs Janeway enthusiastically.) Oh, I've had a few close calls over the years, but all in all It's been over three, but at least I knew you hadn't left me behind. All I had to do was look up and there you were, the brightest star in the sky. Only that we arrived here centuries ago. They blame us for the seismic tremors but everything else is pure speculation. And let me tell you, they like nothing better than to speculate about Voyager. Doric would go on and on. Sky Ship this, Sky Ship that. The owner of the building I lived in until the war started. Oh, the neighbouring state decided to lob a few cannon shells at us. Our Tactical Air Command responded and a new treaty was signed in a matter of weeks, but not before my apartment was in ruins. They're hardly savages, Captain. In fact, they're making great strides technologically, thanks in part to Voyager. From the moment our ship arrived in the sky, they've been trying to make contact. Our presence has encouraged invention, religion, science, art even children's toys. They're all variations on a single theme, Voyager. Mareeza even composed an aria based on the Sky Ship. I sang the lyric. She was my roommate. Three years is a long time, Captain. One needs companionship. It's all in here. [Corridor]  Meteorological records for the last three hundred years. I've committed them all to memory. Some are inaccurate almanacs, but the more recent ones include detailed seismic analyses. Lieutenant? Of course, I completely forgot. If some of the people on the planet had their way, those weapons would be pointed at Voyager. Luckily the ship is still out of range, for now. There's something of a space race going on between the various states. Who can get to the starship first with a rocket? I can't answer that, but at their present rate of development, we won't have to wait very long to find out. [Astrometrics lab] The transition to our time frame was a little rough for them. I'm afraid his colleague didn't make it. Recovering. Lucky for him I'm as good as his family doctor. After three years of poring over their medical journals, I know as much about their physiology as I do yours. Easy. The information I brought back is in Voyager's database. Seven of Nine has been trying to make sense of it. She'll welcome your assistance. Mountain, of course. Don't tell me you're a Lakeside supporter. How are they doing this season? I don't believe it! Who's guarding for them? Any relation to the Torelius? I saw the original defend for Mountain in the playoffs against Red River. He would have gone into voluntary exile after a 5-12 season. [Astrometrics lab]  This will accelerate your metabolic functions, help you make the transition. It was a pleasure to treat a fellow citizen. Would you do me a favour? Find out what happened to a boy named Jason Tabreez. He lived in the Central Protectorate. Yes. He was my son. It's a long story. He's dead by now, but perhaps you could discover what happened to him. Maybe he had children or grandchildren. You could tell them about me.
My guess is the Vori used a combination of mind control techniques, including photometric projections, heightened emotional stimuli, and highly sophisticated psychotropic manipulation. From the condition of your hypothalamus, I'd say they had you so mixed up they could have convinced you your own mother was a turnip. In short, Commander, you've been subjected to a highly sophisticated form of propaganda.
Ensign. What's happened to the ship? The crew? It's in here, but Wait! I demand an explanation. Seven?  (Seven is staring at the back of her hand.) Sounds like a problem with your cortical implant. We'd better have a look. Hold still. You're intoxicated. Your blood synthehol level is point zero five percent. How many glasses of champagne did you consume? Obviously the Borg can't hold their liquor. Come to Sickbay. I'll give you some inaprovaline to counteract the effects. And you're doing a fine job. Yes.  Fifteen years? Where are we? The crew? You two were here, on the Delta Flyer, ahead of Voyager. You made it. Starfleet certainly took their time finding us. Well, I don't know what to say except thank you. I suppose I'd have stayed in that deep freeze forever. Isn't it a little late for that? A message back through time? How? (Kim opens a stasis unit to reveal a defrosted Seven.)EMH: I don't understand. That's right. It's called an interplexing beacon. That shouldn't be a problem. She looks reasonably well-preserved. Her time of death? I'll see what I can do. You said you'd found a way to communicate with Seven in the past. How? Let me get this straight. You're fugitives? Wonderful. Out of the icebox and into the fire. Aye, sir. Do I know you? Hello. Infamous? Ah ha. And how did you get involved with Bonnie and Clyde here? Pardon? Mister Kim, your assistance please. What was that all about? No damage to the infrastructure, but I'll need an isoprobe. So what was it like, your homecoming? At least you weren't buried under twenty metres of ice. I suppose it must have been difficult, with all your friends and colleagues left behind. For the record, Seven's translink frequency is one zero eight point four four two three six zero zero zero. When did you embark on your life of crime? Mister Kim, did you ever stop to think about what you're trying to do here? Altering the timeline may make things worse. At least you and Chakotay survived. Why tempt fate? To aid an honourable thief, or to spend eternity in cybernetic oblivion. Let's tempt fate. Captain's log, stardate 52143.6. With any luck, my next log entry will be made in the Alpha quadrant. But should our luck run out, I'd like to say for the record that the crew of Voyager acted with distinction and valour. [2375 Delta Flyer] Just a few more minutes. I'm working as fast as I can. [2390 Delta Flyer] Badgering me won't help. [2375 Bridge] I have it. Her cybernetic systems were terminated on Stardate 52164.3. Mister Kim? Are you certain? I'm no time travel expert, but can't we just call Voyager again? The past isn't going anywhere. You've got to try. Control yourself! Mister Kim! I didn't spend all those years in an ice bucket so I could listen to you berate yourself. If you want to wallow in self-pity, fine! Do it on your own time. Somebody has got to knuckle down and change history, and that somebody is you. No, you told me you can't correct their phase variance. All right, we have to accept that. But what about sending Voyager a warning? Is there a way to get them to abort the Slipstream flight? If we can't get the crew home, at least we can save their lives. [2390 Delta Flyer]  Mister Kim. Will it be enough? It's been a pleasure. (The EMH vanishes.) Mister Kim, your assistance please.
The explorers return. (Paris gets a kiss from Torres.) Don't forget to stop by Sickbay for your check-up. Away team protocol. Crew members are required to submit to a physical if the mission lasts more than two weeks. Now, who's first? Why put off till tomorrow what you can do today? Commander? Mister It sounds like you had an anxiety attack. There's a first time for everything. Let's see. You spend two weeks on an away mission, working eighteen hour days, then as soon as you return to Voyager you become Ensign Eager, back on duty and raring to go. Plasma leak or no plasma leak, you're suffering from exhaustion. I'm recommending you take the next two days off. I can always make it three. I gave him a mild sedative. His norepinephrine levels are three times what they should be. Neurochemically speaking, he's suffering from a form of post-traumatic stress syndrome. Harry Kim was in earlier. He had an anxiety attack. I haven't spoken with Mister Paris yet. Your engramatic activities contradict that, Commander. These are real memories, not mere dreams or hallucinations. I can wake him now, if you'd like.  There's no evidence of a wound. Who gave them? I find that difficult to believe. You were obviously manipulated somehow. Three hours. You started hallucinating in Astrometrics. I'm afraid I had to sedate you. You're not the only one. Thirty nine crew members have begun to experience the same memories. Their symptoms are identical. Increased engramatic activity, nightmares. Real or not, the memories are having a deleterious effect on the crew. The syndrome began to spread once we entered this system. I suggest we reverse course before it gets worse. A neural suppressant. It will help keep the memories from  Even if we do shut down the transmitter, I'm afraid your memories of the massacre are permanent. Captain?
 Computer, deactivate EMH. [Cargo Bay two] You're fortunate. Another few moments and you'd have been asphyxiated. Where do you think you're going? An EM. surge. Seven had a similar experience. My matrix is destabilising.
Please be seated. I recently heard a tale of two farmers, who shall remain nameless for the sake of this sermon. It seems one broke the other's plough and refused to replace it. His come-uppance was served to him not by the hand of God, but by the other farmer, in the form of a clogged irrigation ditch. Now, do you think their disagreement stopped there? Of course not. They go on, just as the heathen did of old. After all, one spiteful act deserves another, right? Wrong! What these sinners have forgotten is that they are neighbours. Whether we are man or woman, parent or child, flesh and blood, or photons and force fields. It has been said. And as such, our community is everything. It is our world, and we are a part of it, just as a branch is part of a tree. Do you see branches tearing leaves off one another? No! Do you see roots hoarding Did you make a wrong turn on your way to the milking shed? What now? Did you see these spirits? I hate to disappoint you, but it sounds as though you've been the victim of a practical joke. Tom Paris is a known prankster. When did this alleged transformation take place? Well then, that settles it. This couldn't possibly be Maggie O'Halloran. I saw Maggie this morning on my way into church. She was at her cart tending her flowers. She's probably there now. Well, I, I think that's enough excitement for one morning. This mass is over. Go in peace. Er, leave the cow. A few words of inspiration should get me within reach. Sinners! Sinners, all of you. You have the audacity to turn a house of worship into a prison? This is where we gather to pledge our love for our fellow man, not condemnation. You should all be ashamed of yourselves. Listen to yourselves. You're letting confusion and fear get the best of you. Doctor to Janeway. Fire and brimstone don't seem to be working. I hope you know this is blasphemous. Oh, this is ridiculous. I can't be hypnotised. (He falls under the spell of the swinging silver spoon.) [Bridge] There is no Other World. Only Voyager. Federation starship, Intrepid class, registry number NCC74656. Mmm hmm. I haven't decided on one yet. Captain? They think we're spacemen from the future. It won't exactly be like old times.
The devil finds work for idle hands. Billy. He certainly ruined my score. Mister Telfer is a hypochondriac. I'd treat him for it, but he's afraid of medication. He's afraid of that, too. All I can do is scan him and offer him reassurance. It's nothing. Your temperature is point two degrees above normal. A typical deviation easily prompted by emotional stress. You have not been infected by a prion. I've already scanned you. They aren't there. Crewman, I am not giving you a medical excuse. Not this time. Try to get some sleep. You shouldn't even have a medical tricorder. Believe me, you'll be so caught up in the excitement of exploration there won't be any time for worrying about infections, mitochondrial or otherwise. There's nothing like an away mission to remind a person of why we're out here. [Delta Flyer - cockpit]
Ah. Pyong Ko. You encouraged me to choose a name, remember? Pyong Ko was a twenty first century surgeon who discovered the genetic sequence for inhibiting cancer cells. It heralded a new chapter in Earth's medical history. Then again, I'm also considering Schweitzer, Jarvik, Pasteur. There are so many options, each with its own merits. Of course, it's not that I require one for reasons of vanity. I'm just a hologram after all. But if I had a name, other than Doctor or Hey you, it might encourage the crew to treat me with a little more respect. Kes?(She has already left.) [Airponics bay - 2371] (This timeline's own Kes is picking berries. She hears the doors open and turns to see them close.)YOUNG Why would they? Voyager's the only organ bank within half a parsec. We've devised a neural agent that should inhibit the Vidiian's motor functions without causing any permanent damage. I performed her annual physical six weeks ago. She's in perfect health. I'm not at liberty to disclose that information. Doctor-patient confidentiality. Sorry, medical protocol supersede your authority in these matters. She planned on telling you herself. Female. Half Ktarian, as a matter of fact, which should nearly double the infant's gestation period. How did you know? (Janeway  Twenty milligrams lectrazine. Cortical stimulator. We'll start at twenty millijoules. Now. He's gone into synaptic shock. I don't understand. (Voyager continues on its computer controlled course.) I think it's best to keep him sedated for now. Early this afternoon, in Engineering. Lieutenant Torres called Sickbay at fourteen hundred twenty two hours. Captain? I beg your pardon? That could have triggered this, but where did they come from? Time travel? Hurry back. [Airponics bay - 2371] VIDIIAN Aye, Captain.  Acknowledged. Fifty millilitres should suffice. Doctor to the bridge. Environmental controls aren't responding. [Bridge - 2371] Doctor to the Captain. Kes has regained consciousness. [Sickbay - 2371] Yourself?
You're new found confidence in me is flattering, Mister Neelix, but Doctor Jetrel has instruments designed specifically to analyse Talaxian physiology.  Will you be needing my assistance, Doctor? Mister Neelix, is there anything more I can do for you? Very well, then. Computer override command one EMH alpha and end programme.  Are we ready to begin synthesis? Now just wait one (Jetrel plugs the sample container into his equipment and presses a few buttons. The mist starts to solidify into matter. After a little hesitation, Neelix enters.) Please state the nature of  Doctor Jetrel deactivated me. [Bridge] EMH  And Mister Neelix is unconscious. It appears he's been tranquillised. [Bridge]
Sickbay to the Captain. This is the Doctor speaking.  Yes. Our sensors show your vital signs are normal. How are you feeling? [Planet surface] A total of seventeen days. I wanted to exhaust every possibility of finding a cure. I regret to inform you that I have been unsuccessful. [Planet surface] EMH Something in the planet's environment is shielding you from the effects of the virus. [Doctor's office] If you leave, you risk a recurrence of the disease, which would undoubtedly prove fatal. The only option I can think of at the moment is contacting the Vidiians. They have sophisticated medical technology. It's possible they might be able to help. [Planet surface] Set it with the osteogenic stimulator. Odd. Why wouldn't they just use the comm. line? I don't think this is coming from our ship. Denara! Do they know you're contacting me? Are you in any danger? I believe you. Our shields are up. We can't transport anything through them. All right. I'll see what I can do. Sickbay to Bridge. [Bridge]  Doctor Pel is on one of the Vidiian ships. [Bridge] EMH Understood.  I've set up to make the transport. [Bridge]  Initiating transport. [Engineering]  We've got it. Raise shields. [Bridge]
Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Status of your doctor? Point four cc's of trianoline. How soon are replacement medical personnel expected? Tricorder. Medical tricorder. A replacement must be requested as soon as possible. I am programmed only as a short-term emergency supplement to the medical team. There's no need for concern. I am capable of treating any injury or disease. No concussion. You'll be fine. Clean him up.  [Engineering] You're not seriously hurt. You can return to your station. (She starts to sit up and vanishes. Then everyone else vanishes too.) This is the Emergency Holographic Doctor speaking. I gave no permission for anyone to be transported out of Sickbay. Hello? Sickbay to Bridge. I believe someone has failed to terminate my programme. Please respond.  [Farm] (The corn is as high as Kim's eye. Palomino ponies graze. A middle-aged woman comes off the verandah of a big white clapperboard house carrying a tray.) Excuse me. Could you explain what has transpired? That's enough. This is a sickbay, not a conference room. Visiting hours are over. Everyone except my patient is to leave immediately. I strongly advise you to rest. I will not be held responsible for the consequences. Is the crew always this difficult? Doesn't anyone know how to turn off the programme when they leave?  [Bridge] (Janeway, Kim, Tuvok and Paris enter.)
 Ninety eight percent of his body suffered third degree plasma burns. If the circuit hadn't failed, he would have been vaporised. A perfectly good theory. Unfortunately it's wrong. This contusion is the result of a hard blow to the back of the skull. The coup contra-coup pattern of breakage should tell us if the blow is the result of a moving head hitting a stationary object, or a moving object hitting a stationary head. In this case the pattern clearly indicates the latter. I'm sorry to report Crewman Darwin was murdered. [Ready room] Medlab to Lieutenant Tuvok. I think I've found something that will help you. [Sickbay] Do you see the DNA strands on the lower border? DNA doesn't know how to lie, Lieutenant. [Suder's quarters] (Suder stares at the PADD.) No doubt about it, this is the murder weapon. Mister Suder is apparently telling the truth. You don't seem satisfied, Lieutenant. You have a confession and the murder weapon. Does it matter? Ah yes, I see. How to close the case without understanding the logic of the crime. For a Vulcan, that would be a dilemma, wouldn't it. I doubt it. Kes, call up his genetic profile. So he's not insane, per se. What do the elevated norepinephrine levels suggest? These readings are not significantly different from those of the other Maquis crewmen. Obviously it takes a certain personality type to be attracted to the life of an outlaw. And what if there was no motive? I think you are trapped in your own Vulcan logic, Lieutenant. All of us have violent instincts. We have evolved from predators. Well, not me, of course, I've just been programmed by you predators. The question is, in a civilised world, can we suppress those instincts? Most of the time we can. Vulcans certainly can. You've got your violent feelings buried underneath centuries of control. But the rest of the humanoid races aren't always so skilled at self-discipline. Crewman Suder may have violent impulses that he just can't control. It has been known to happen. There's a definite neurochemical imbalance in the mesiofrontal cortex. That's where the Vulcan psycho-suppression systems are located. This may be the result of an incompatibility with the Betazoid telepathic neural centre, I'm not sure. (The EMH walks through the surgical bay forcefield.) Vulcan mind melds. Utter foolishness. Anybody with an ounce of sense wouldn't share his brain with someone else. Would you? I certainly wouldn't. And of course, when something goes wrong, and believe me it does more often than they'd like to admit, the first thing they call out is Doctor. I wish I could tell you. There's a recommended course of treatments that should begin immediately. First we have to take away his ability to control his violence. We do this in short bursts over a period of time and hope it provides a shock to his system. If it works, his own neural controls will take over again. I believe we're about ready. Revive him. We've temporarily removed all of your emotional suppression abilities, Lieutenant. How do you feel? Try to relax. The treatment still has about three minutes to go. Sorry, I'm not prepared to do that. The course of treatment is very specific. Ten seconds. Five seconds. (Tuvok collapses.) It's over. He might be able to fool the sensors. Sedate him again. Computer, remove the forcefield. I wish I knew, Captain. In a sense, Mister Tuvok's mind is fighting a classic battle between good and evil. The battle may be won in a day, a year, or it may never be won. [Brig] (Tuvok wakes up in Sickbay, alone and bathed in sweat. The forcefield is still there. He pulls off the blinkies then dismantles one to help him pull an EPS cable from the wall. He uses it to short out the forcefield. Ayala is dealt with quickly in the Brig.) It may be hard for you to believe, Lieutenant, but what happened is encouraging. Your inability to complete the act of murder shows your suppression system in starting to function again. You're on your way back to being normal, although I'm not sure how the word normal applies to a species that suppresses all their emotions.
If you don't cooperate, I can't treat you. I assure you there is nothing primitive about me. I am programmed to perform more than five million medical procedures. No, but I'll be happy to add it to my repertoire.(A young female speaks slowly and with hand gestures to the EMH.) Doctor to the Captain. Please report to Sickbay. The Captain is coming here now. If you want to talk to her, you can have a seat. You're not authorised to do that! (Janeway enters.) Their injuries are minor. Unfortunately, I can't say the same for their lack of manners. This way, please. (sings) I've been working on the railroad, all the live long day. I've been working on the railroad, just to pass the time away. This? A hypospray. Preparing your medication. You mean singing? Do you mean to say a culture as superior as yours has never heard music of any kind? Of course. The little ditty I just sang is an early American folk song. But countless cultures have produced thousands of types of music. Instrumental, choral, orchestral. There is a mathematical component to music, but primarily it's a form of artistic expression. Using sounds and images to convey ideas and emotions. Well, to communicate their feelings. Yes, but music is much more expressive and entertaining. It does have other applications. As a matter of fact, I've recently been doing some research into its therapeutic properties. But, yes, primarily we use it for enjoyment. Well, maybe not with my level of expertise, but there are quite a few members of this crew who possess musical skills. Our database contains the works of thousands of musicians and composers. If you'd like, I could download some selections for you. Thank you. You're very kind. That was a selection from the opera Don Carlos, composed by Giuseppe Verdi a towering figure in Earth's musical history. Another human musical form is called jazz, which has flourished since the early twentieth century. Mathematically, you'll find the rhythmic structures quite interesting, particularly the use of syncopation, which is said to make the music swing. You may also notice some fascinating trigonometric functions in the counterpoint, but I Pick up the tempo. (sings) That old black magic has me in its spell. That old black magic that you weave so well. Those icy fingers up and down my spine. The same old witchcraft when your eyes meet mine. The same old tingle that I feel inside. And then that elevator starts its ride, And down and down I go. Round and round I go, Like a leaf Thank you, Captain, but I can't take all the credit. There was something in the air. A certain magic. It was one of those rare moments when audience and performer become one. Prelate. Tincoo. I'm flattered. I'd consider it an honour, but you'll have to negotiate the terms with my representative. I'm not sure a lecture hall would meet the acoustic requirements. I'd like to reproduce a backdrop which was used in a production of Pagliacci at Teatro de la Scala, Earth's most famous opera house. Your taste in design is as refined as your taste in music. Excellent, but we still have the problem with the sight lines. If you consider the height of the average Qomar, it's obvious that anyone seated in the back five rows will have an obstructed view. You'll have to excuse Lieutenant Torres. Her appreciation of music is limited to a smattering of Klingon drinking songs. We'll have to increase the rake of the floor by five degrees. Vanity has nothing to do with it, Lieutenant. I'm concerned about my audience. Thank you, Tincoo. While we're at it, Lieutenant, I'll need some help with my wardrobe. I'd like you to make an adjustment to my mobile emitter that will allow me to make quick changes between songs. Oh, it will be. I plan to segue from Don Juan to Rigoletto in the blink of an eye. It will be a triumph of You've noticed that too? You have no idea. [Backstage] I'd better get into costume. (He taps at his mobile emitter and is now dressed as Canio the clown.)EMH: How do I look? I wish I had a subroutine to eliminate pre-show jitters. You're very sweet. I'm just a little nervous. I'm about to expose your entire culture to music for the first time. The responsibility is enormous. Is that supposed to help me relax? (The house lights go down.) Thank you for coming. Please accept this eight by ten by four singing replica of me. I'm sorry, Captain, but you'll have to wait your turn like everybody else. I'm only doing what I can to ensure that first contact with the Qomar goes smoothly. I would never do such a thing. As a matter of fact, the Qomar have devoted an entire holo-processing plant to manufacturing them for me. Oh, come now, Kathryn. It's not as though there's been a flood of medical emergencies. I, I meant Captain. I'm sorry. Oh, please. Either is acceptable. What's the nature of their medical emergencies? I'll take over from here. Hmm. Neither of you appears to be ill. Sickbay is for medical treatment only. I'm afraid you'll have to leave. If you're here for a replica, they're available in the mess hall. I'm flattered, really, but if you don't leave now I'll have to call Security. Security to Sickbay. Computer, deactivate Emergency Medical Hologram. [On stage] I needed to find some peace and quiet. What's this? Tincoo, this is extraordinary. I don't know what to say. I'm not sure I can. It's very complex. The melody's lovely, but some of these notes are well beyond the human vocal range. No, but I don't think there's time. My last concert's tomorrow. Because Voyager is scheduled to depart. I have responsibilities on Voyager. I'm not so sure about that. But even if they could, Voyager's the only life I've ever known. The crew are my friends. It's very tempting, but You can't always explain things with an equation, Tincoo. I don't understand. I feel the same way about my time with you. I've been asked to stay. This isn't harmless fun for me, Captain. It's a once in a lifetime opportunity to realise a dream. I take that very seriously, but You sound as if you're talking about a piece of equipment. Then shouldn't I be given the same respect as any flesh and blood member of this crew? If Harry Kim met an alien woman on an away mission, fell in love, and decided to spend the rest of his life with her, raise a family instead of continuing on this journey, you wouldn't stand in his way. Then you do see me as a piece of technology. Why? Because you don't see me as an equal, and you never have. Admit it. Every other Starfleet officer chose to be here, but I never had a choice, until now. I've given this crew everything for five years. Isn't it worth anything? Haven't I earned the right to self-determination? You've lost other systems before and always managed to find a solution. You'll manage without me. The Qomar are a technologically advanced species. I have no doubt that my maintenance requirements will be met. The Qomar certainly seem to care about me. What makes you think that's going to happen? This isn't just about fame. If you must know, there's a woman involved. One who appreciates me in a way no one on this crew ever has. I believe I will. That's a risk I'm willing to take. And you can't let the Captain ignore her health. She's notorious for finding any excuse to miss her appointments. And when Mister Neelix becomes convinced that he's suffering from the Toluncan ague, which he does every flu season, don't argue with him, just give him a placebo. Yes, I suppose you do. Remember, I'll be within comm. range for at least another month, so if any problems should arise. I would have thought you of all people would be glad to see me go. Well, I've got some more goodbyes. I'll check in with you before I leave.  Hello, Seven. I wanted to see you before I left. I've downloaded some social lessons we haven't covered yet. There are seventeen new chapters. Our friendship's not over, Seven. I know it'll be hard for you when I'm gone. Yes, I suppose you will. But it'll be hard for me. I thought you'd be the first one to understand my desire to grow as an individual. I feel I've accomplished all I can here. Oh, there's the occasional medical mystery that challenges my programming, but mostly it's become routine. And frankly, I feel my talents are often taken for granted. But when I'm standing on that stage performing, and I see those rapt faces in the audience, I feel I finally know what it's like to be made of flesh and blood. What if I do? To you, maybe. But to me, it makes me feel appreciated, even loved. Not for what I've been programmed to do, but for who I've become. Route it to Cargo Bay two. What is it? I'll beam down as soon as I can. Seven. Of course. What's the surprise? Another musical composition? What's this? I wasn't aware that we had any. I don't understand. You can't make a superior singer simply by creating a new matrix. Tincoo, music is more than mathematics. And I am much more than a programme with musical subroutines. All of my experience, all of my passion, goes into every note that I sing. When you listen to me, when my singing moves you, you're not just hearing notes. You're hearing my artistry. My soul. I thought you wanted me. Technology. You told me that the time you had spent with me was the most stimulating of your life. But I thought That you and I Well, I suppose I'm no longer on the bill tomorrow. Of course. [Medical lab] I need your clearance code to delete my medical database. I need more space in my matrix. To expand my musical subroutines so that I can sing this composition. Please, B'Elanna, I'm asking you as a friend. Everything depends on this. Tincoo wrote it for me. I wouldn't call her that. Let's just say she doesn't appreciate me quite as much as I thought she did. But that will all change. Once I perform this, she will see me for the artist I truly am. Good morning, Captain. A formal request to be reinstated. Yes, ma'am. I know. I was a fool. I'm sorry. And I'm willing to do whatever I can to rectify the situation. Starting with the deletion of all my musical subroutines. But, Captain Yes, ma'am. What is it? Delete it. I don't want to read another word. Seven. Who's it from? (sings) I've been working on the railroad, All the livelong day. I've been working on the railroad, Just to pass the time away. Can't you hear the whistle blowing? Rise up so early in the morn. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I'm guessing we hit a snag. Tun sank. Ton rev ut teem sayd. A universal translator was written into my programme. Deen ya tone ud la kar. Padeen nefka minruk? She said she's been here fourteen seasons, and in that time, she's seen many ships come down. but she's never seen one go back up again. [Planet surface] (Paris is learning the art of hunting large spiders. You place a gizmo on a large rock which irritates the creature enough to make it come out. Then you stab it with a  Shut down my programme? Why? I'm a Doctor, not a battery. If Mister Paris' hunting ability is any indication, maybe we should take him offline. The longest flirtation in Starfleet history. Love her very much. Well, I suppose it's time I shut down my programme. Medical tricorder. Give me twenty milligrams of inaprovaline. Three fractured ribs, subdural hematoma, internal bleeding. Vulcans are very resilient. He'll be fine. How long has it been since I was last activated? Two months? So, what's new? No word from Voyager? I think I should remain online until Mister Tuvok is fully recovered. Can you speed it up? Thirty minutes? That would have been over eight hours ago! Well, we've waited this long. How are we supposed to hold them off for two more days? [Bridge] We still have another hour before transport.  We've got less than ten minutes to transport.  Now, Mister Paris! (An alien breaks in at attacks Paris. Tuvok shoots him in the back..)
Not at all. Keep going, you're doing fine. We can tailor the vocabulary to your specific situations a little later. Right now, it's the sentiment that counts. I created these exercises three years ago to familiarise myself with the social graces. I found that if I repeated them several times each day, the words became almost second nature. Let's continue. Exercise two, The Workplace Encounter. Kes used to help me with this one. Now I'll be the nurse, you be the doctor. Of course, Doctor, immediately. No, no, don't read that part, only the dialogue. Not at all. Oh, doctor, you're so charming. The ability to put others at ease, make them feel more comfortable around you. You're a lot like me when I was first activated. If I'd had a mentor, things would have gone a lot more smoothly. I'm willing to share my wisdom but, if you're not interested, fine, I'll stick to your physiological maintenance. Oh, good. Pay special attention to exercise seventeen, Bridge Banter for Beginners. I've already tried. His immune system neutralises everything. I could synthesise a more potent compound, but that would take hours. He could be dead by then. His wounds are severe. All right. I'm going to enter the forcefield now and start with a few scans of your midsection. You should know I'm a hologram and can't be bent, spindled or mutilated, so don't bother trying. Please lie down. Or remain standing. [Bridge] I wish I could tell you for certain. It's body is generating some sort of bioelectric field making it impossible to scan, so I could only make a visual diagnosis. It's conscious but immobile. Its epidermis displays any number of injuries, punctures, energy burns. And its demeanour is that of a wounded animal. I don't know enough about it's physiognomy to treat it's surface wounds, let alone any internal damage. Frankly, I'm at a loss.  Doctor to bridge. Species 8472 appears to be regenerating. I'm no exobiologist, but I'd say this fellow is becoming highly agitated. [Bridge] I believe so, but I'll need another dose of Borg nanoprobes.  It's all right, Captain. The creature is contained. [Bridge] Not a moment too soon. (The Hirogen shoots the guards just behind them.) What are you doing? [Bridge]
Re-initialise the subspace transponder. Switch to backup processors. Good. Now, let's try this again. Re-initialise the subspace transponder. Why not? And they say I'm difficult. Reroute power from the replicator system. Clarify. Any suggestions? Can the power relays be bypassed? Then I suppose I'll have to replace them by hand. Where? How many? Can you identify them? Stop what you're doing and turn around! It's good to see some friendly faces. For that matter, it's good to see any faces at all. I'm sorry I haven't gotten life support back online yet, but since I've been the only one aboard it hasn't been a priority. We ran into some problems. Of course. About twelve hours after you left on your away mission, things started to go wrong. [EMH narrative - Doctor's office] EMH Computer, transfer the EMH to the mobile emitter. Sickbay to bridge. Sickbay to Engineering, please respond. It wasn't long before I was inundated with casualties, all suffering from tetryon radiation poisoning. Pretty soon the Captain arrived. I can stabilise them, but if we can't contain the radiation Captain? Aye, Captain. You need medical care. You can count on me, Captain. [EMH narrative - Bridge] EMH Computer, report. Open a channel. This is the Federation starship Voyager. Disengage your tractor beam. I am the Emergency Command Hologram. That's right. Now release my ship. I beg to differ. Computer, target the vessel's tractor emitter and fire. (The tractor beam is cut off. The other ship starts shooting.) Come about, heading nine zero three mark six. Engage at warp two. Evasive pattern beta four. Target the vessel's engines. (The computers puts holes in those parts of the ship.) Reverse course. Full impulse. [Bridge] I managed to evade the other two ships and hid inside this nebula. I vented the radiation, repaired as many systems as I could, but with no help? Let's just say I'm glad you found me. Well, I had to encrypt it. Every time I left the nebula I detected more ships searching for me. No, but I've analysed all of their weapons signatures. They match the subspace mine. It was a deliberate attempt to disable Voyager. Not a word. [Tuvok's memories - Quarren Medical Facility] (Tuvok is at the Power Distribution Plant, looking down on Janeway working. He recalls the time when the pair of them were rescued from their escape pods.) On my way. [Astrometrics lab] Any luck? Maybe we can increase the range of the sensors by tying them into the main deflector? Oh. Well, we can boost resolution by I treated you days ago. Maybe all that sarcasm is compromising your natural charm. [Bridge]  I've repaired the deuterium injectors, brought secondary propulsion back online, and soothed Ensign Kim's upset tummy. Can't you take care of those? Emergency Command Hologram. Doesn't that suggest my place is here, in Voyager's command centre? What exactly are you protecting them from? We're not trying to acquire labourers. We're trying to find our friends. We're not leaving them behind? No one knew anything about the crew? Re-entering orbit might arouse their suspicion. Commander, you've spoken directly with several government officials. You could be recognised. Give me your hand, Mister Neelix. I assumed I'd be in charge during your absence, Commander. An Emergency Command Hologram programmed with over two million tactical subroutines outranks an Ensign. Then you'd be depriving yourself of a skilled leader for the sake of your ego. Maybe we don't have to. The battle of Vorkado, it's in my tactical database. A Romulan captain disabled two attacking vessels by creating a photonic shock wave between the ships. Watch and learn. (A photon torpedo is fired between the two attacking ships, then detonated by phaser fire. The shockwave hits the ships hard.)EMH: I don't think they'll be bothering us again. Five more ships on an intercept course. Transporters are damaged, shields are failing. We have to retreat, come up with a new plan. The scan on the left was performed during B'Elanna's last physical. The one on the right, just a few minutes ago. The memory centres of her brain have been radically altered. Whoever did this is very sophisticated, capable of selectively manipulating memory engrams. Some have been suppressed, some altered, others left intact. I believe so, but it'll take some time. Maybe you can. She'll require several treatments. In between, you could expose her to familiar sights and surroundings. Don't rush things. This is going to be very traumatic for her. [Quarren Medical Facility] We're using a triaxialating frequency on a covariant [Janeway's apartment] EMH She's responded well to treatment. That's something I've been meaning to discuss with you. Once we've succeeded in this mission, and I'm certain we will, I'd like you to help me programme a new medical hologram. I'm a skilled officer. Yes. On screen.  We're under attack. Three ships. [Power Distribution Plant] KIM [on The only way they could've found us is if they knew exactly where to look. Nothing relevant. I don't think abandoning ship is the answer. I believe so. Why? You should realise by now that I'm not programmed to do that. (The escape pods explode, disabling the attackers. The organics come out of the briefing room.) Bravo, Ensign. We appreciate everything you've done.
In addition to a dislocated jaw, Ensign Vorik seems to be  suffering from a neurochemical  imbalance.  I believe I should discuss that with the patient privately.  (Torres leaves.)  You're going through the Pon farr, aren't you?  Yes, I'm aware that Vulcans prefer to keep their mating practices  very much to themselves. There's almost nothing in the medical database  beyond a few observations made by Starfleet doctors over the years.  Your symptoms, the chemical imbalance and loss of emotional control,  are consistent with those observations. Have you been eating and  sleeping normally?  I assume this is your first Pon farr? There's nothing to be  embarrassed about. It's a normal biological function. I'll do what I  can to help you through it, but I'll need a little more information.  I'm afraid you'll have to. You have a severe imbalance in your  brain chemistry. If it gets much worse, it could become life  threatening. Now I need to know how Vulcans deal with this condition.  But in your case, being stranded halfway across the galaxy, that's  impossible.  So then logically, you try to find a mate here. I assume that  explains your behaviour toward Lieutenant Torres.  With Lieutenant Torres, upset is a relative term. In any case,  we're going to have to try to find another way to treat your condition.  Let's start with a microcellular scan.  How do you intend to do that?  Until I have a better idea of how to treat your condition, I'll  release you to your quarters. You'll be under confinement and wearing a  cortical monitor at all times.  I'm concerned about Ensign Vorik's cortical readings. One returns  to normal levels, then another one spikes. It's chaotic. As if the  brain's regulatory system had simply shut down. I can't tell if he's  making any progress with these meditations. I thought maybe you could  suggest other possible treatments.  Is that because you don't know, or because you don't want to  discuss it?  For such an intellectually enlightened race, Vulcans have a  remarkably Victorian attitude about sex.  Then here's a Vulcan one. I fail to see the logic in perpetuating  ignorance about a basic biological function.  Which is what, exactly?  Combat?  Isn't there anything we can do to help him with that?  The Vulcan brain never ceases to amaze me. Thank you, Lieutenant.  You've been a great help. [Transporter  room] (Torres  is a little hyperactive.)    There. Your serotonin levels are stabilised for the moment, but I'm  concerned about these fluctuations. It's becoming more difficult to  compensate.  I'd like you to consider an alternative treatment I've been  developing.  Ensign, your life is at risk.  Give yourself a little credit. You're doing the best you can under  unusually difficult circumstances. If you were back on Vulcan, you'd  have your family and friends there to help you.  I know that self-sufficiency is very important to a Vulcan, but  there is nothing shameful in getting a little guidance every once in a  while. I'd like you to consider my alternative, and then you can decide  whether or not to try it. [Holodeck  - Paxau Resort] Ensign.  Trust me. Ensign Vorik, I'd like you to meet T'Pera.  (A lady in Vulcan clothes.)  Well, I wouldn't recommend a lifetime commitment, but she might be  able to help you with your immediate problem.  Then I assume you have the same low regard for me.  I believe we're discussing your sexual difficulties at the moment,  Ensign. And this holographic mate is the best solution I can think of.  The difference is all in your mind, which, if I've understood you  and Mister Tuvok correctly, is where the Pon farr must ultimately be  resolved. Let your mind convince your body that she is exactly what you  need her to be. Think of this as an advanced self-healing technique. It  was still require considerable mental discipline on your part.  Good. Well, then, I'll leave the two of you alone. [Tunnels] You  called, Ensign? Is there a problem?  You seem much improved.  I'm pleased to hear that. This could be a viable alternative for  space-faring Vulcans. When we get back, I'm sure Starfleet medical will    (Vorik gives him a Look.)  Never hear about your personal experiences from me.  Soon enough, Ensign. I'll need to run a few more cortical scans. [Doctor's  office] Mister Vorik's biochemical readings are stabilising. They're not back  to normal yet, but I believe he's gotten through the worst of it. I'm  ready to release him from Sickbay.  I don't see why not.  I'll get to work designing the half-Klingon version of the  programme. There's a copious amount of information in the cultural  database about their mating practices. Did you know that fracturing a  clavicle on the wedding night is actually considered a blessing on the  marriage?  I'm planning to do a comparative study of all these mating  rituals. It really is fascinating, from a socio-biological point of  view. 
I'm preparing an inoculant to counter the effects of gravimetric radiation. Of course, if you were a hologram, you'd simply adjust your mobile emitter. That's what I did on Arakis Prime, one of my first away missions. This was before you came aboard. Such an enchanting planet. Crystalline glaciers, magnesium vapour atmosphere. I had to stop my metallurgical scans just to admire the sheer beauty of it. To smell the roses, to coin a phrase. Perhaps. We're all finished here, except for one thing. Would you record some images when you're inside the ellipse, for those of us not lucky enough to make the trip? (He hands her his holo-imager.) There isn't a crewman aboard who doesn't. I can only tell you how I felt that morning when I materialised on Arakis Prime. I left my footprints in the magnesite dust and thought, one small step for a hologram, one giant leap for mankind. Well, I know the sentiment isn't exactly original, but the fact is, I was exhilarated. Good luck. [Delta Flyer]
In spite of her appearance, I'm detecting traces of human DNA. I've compared them with the genetic samples from Ensign Ballard's file. They match. Sickbay to Ensign Ballard. I've finished analysing your bio-scans. My scans identified a genetic pathogen in your bloodstream. It appears to have converted most of your human DNA into a Kobali protein structure. The biochemical changes have affected every system in your body. I'm afraid there isn't enough of your original DNA left to make you human again. But I believe I can affect some cosmetic changes. Yes. The alternations would literally be skin-deep, and it may take several treatments, but I've devised an inaprovaline compound which should do the trick. Physiologically, you'd still be Kobali with a multispheric brain, a binary cardiovascular system. Oh, yes. Have a seat. You may experience some dizziness. Hair is one of my specialties, despite evidence to the contrary. We expected you hours ago. Denial. One of the final stages. Our old friend, the pathogen. It's adapting to counteract my treatments. It's possible she'll suffer occasional relapses for the rest of her life. I can, but it looks like I'll need to increase the frequency of your treatments. You'll have to see me at least twice a day. Please try to understand.
Good to see you're awake, Lieutenant. Not according to your cortical theta wave readings. The pattern clearly indicated that you were experiencing memories. Specifically, implanted memories. There's strong evidence of telepathic activity in your frontal lobe. In the Lieutenant's case, the memories seem to have been placed in her unconscious. They're only emerging when her conscious mind is inactive. The synaptic patterns of the implanted memories are not quite compatible with her neural pathways. There's been some minor cortical damage which I've corrected. This inhibitor will control her theta wave activity. That should suppress the memories. That's the idea. (Torres recoils from the inhibitor.) I don't think satisfying your curiosity is worth risking brain damage, Lieutenant. (The EMH fits the inhibitor behind Torres' left ear.)
Sickbay to Bridge. Please turn to your Emergency Medical Holographic Channel. I hope you don't mind that I've been eavesdropping, but I have something important to contribute. Of course, it wouldn't be necessary for me to eavesdrop if I were included in these discussions as a matter of operating protocol. You should be aware that trigemic vapours at the recorded levels can cause severe humanoid skin irritations. I am whipping up a batch of dermal osmotic sealant as we speak. Nevertheless, skin exposure to the atmosphere should be limited. I am simply trying to monitor issues involving the health of the crew, Captain. When activated, the Emergency Medical Programme establishes comm. links with all key areas of the ship, and I have, on occasion. I am a Doctor, not a voyeur. I am programmed to be discreet. But Captain, I, I, I  Good afternoon. When you have a chance, could you run an analysis of the cytokinetic results for Are you all right? Are you sure? You seem a little You know, if you skip lunch, the result might be a lower blood sugar level, which could. I'm sorry. It's in my programme. I see something wrong, I must attempt to diagnose it. How delightful. You should consider it a high compliment. Throughout history, men have fought over the love of a woman. Why, I can quote you autopsy reports from duels as far back as 1538. It's not meant to be. You've always been interested in autopsies. I wouldn't know. I've only met one. Are they? Lieutenant Paris's affection for you is obvious. I mean he desires you. Whenever you walk into the room, his respiration increases, his pupils dilate and the colouration of his ears turns decidedly orange. Until I noticed the pattern, I thought he was suffering from Tanzian flu. It's there for anyone to see. Maybe not in the same diagnostic detail as I see it, yet You're only two years old. There may be a few things you don't know to look for in a man. In time, you'll understand. Hmm. Your world must have very dry literature. You've done nothing to precipitate this state of affairs. You may not be able to do much to resolve it either. There are some things you can't cure. [Shuttlecraft]
 Minor phaser burns to the upper thoracic region. Nothing serious. But I want to check for cellular damage. Begin a DNA analysis as well, I'd like to know more about his molecular physiology. His heart rate and body temperature have dropped. His metabolism is almost completely shut down. I don't think so. His autonomic nervous system is still fully functional. He's gone into some sort of protective hibernation. With good reason. I've analysed the alien's DNA. There are forty seven genetic markers identical to those found in human DNA. I thought so too. I ran a search for those markers in Earth's paleo-ontological database. Take a look at this. That's one way of putting it. Apparently so. And from the look of it, you and he are distant cousins.  I've entered the genetic markers into the holo-database. Eryops. This creature lived over four hundred million years ago and is thought to be the last common ancestor of cold blooded and warm blooded organisms. I could well imagine this creature giving rise to a more complex life form. Certainly the building blocks are there. Bipedal, grasping hands. That creature napping in Sickbay is a dinosaur.
That won't be necessary. Lieutenant Paris is just fine, thanks to excellent doctoring. I've finished analysing these implants, and you'll be happy to know that the treatment I've provided will successfully counteract their effect on you. My readings indicate that the implants are designed to stimulate the production of acetylcholine in the hypothalamus. Hmm. Acetylcholine is a brain chemical common to the neural structures of most humanoids. Essentially, it helps stimulate one's aggressive tendencies.
You were transported here. Your body was in a state of temporal flux. You had the liver of an eighty year old man, and the kidneys of a twelve year old boy. Fortunately, I was able to create a chronoton-infused serum that brought you back into temporal alignment. Anywhere else, that antidote would've earned me a prestigious award. Of course on Voyager, it's just another day in the life of an under appreciated EMH. Not that I'm aware of. I've tried calling the bridge, but no one answers. Were we attacked? Naturally, no one thought to inform me. What do you think you're doing? I am? In case you've forgotten, I'm a prisoner of these walls. My what? Wait. Tell me about this mobile emitter. [Turbolift] Commander, please tell me what's going on. 49624. I don't understand. Fractured? How many of these time periods are there? Kazon? We've got to protect ourselves. I think so. Why? What for? I wasn't, but when you're thrown into the deep end of the galaxy and left running for as long as I've been, it helps to develop a few extra subroutines. Almost three years, since our original doctor was killed. In the incident that stranded us here in the Delta Of course. I'm sorry.(The EMH goes into his office.)
I'm a computer programme. A hologram. Flesh and blood, like yourself. And lived to tell about them? Impressive.
I'm standing by. Well, this is certainly a brilliant feat of engineering. Very amusing. Excuse me, Captain. Would you come down here, please? When did you last take shore leave? Ah. How long since you've done something pleasurable, for recreation? How long? Well, I want you to, now. I've checked Starfleet regulations. The Chief Medical Officer outranks the Captain in health matters. Now I realise this may be the first time a hologram has given an order to a captain, but I'm ordering you to report to the holodeck, now. And the two of you can get busy undoing this ridiculous blunder of yours! [Holodeck - Gothic novel] (After getting changed and pausing for a wistful look at the picture of herself and her dog with Mark.) I don't detect anything so far. No evidence of aneurysm, subdural haematoma, stroke. Possibly. Did you go to the holodeck as I ordered? And was that relaxing? There are other possibilities we should consider. I want to scan for airborne bacteria and viruses. We should investigate the possibility of an alien intruder. And I'd like to do a cerebro-cortical scan on you. (Kes jumps.) Kes? Hmm? Hmm. How macabre. My programmers didn't clutter me up with pithy Earth trivia. They programmed me with far more important data. Kes, would you please get my sub-neural scanner from the Med Lab? I see you. What happened? Captain, until I am able to determine the cause of these hallucinations, I'd prefer that you return to your quarters. Get some rest. [Janeway's quarters] Can you still see the hallucinations? My patient has to rest now. I'm sure you'll want to get to the Bridge. Captain, if you'll take a seat on one of the beds, I'd like to do some further tests. Kes, please prepare the Captain for a cerebro-cortical scan. Captain, I can't allow you to leave Sickbay. You're in no condition to  Sickbay to Engineering. Lieutenant Torres, please respond. Doctor to the mess hall. Mister Neelix, are you there? This is the doctor to anyone on the ship. If you can hear me, please reply. Either the communication system is malfunctioning or everyone on board has succumbed to a delusional state. It would appear that if the psionic field is to be blocked and the crew restored to normal, it's up to us. [Doctor's office] You will have to go to Engineering and complete Lieutenant Torres's efforts to create a resonance burst. I will assist you from here. I discussed the matter with Lieutenant Torres. I think I understand the basic principle behind her plan. How hard can it be? Go to Engineering immediately. I'll contact you there. [Corridor] (Paris is sitting on the floor with burns on his face.) Then see if Lieutenant Torres's last programme is active. All right. You'll have to sequence the magnetic plasma constriction to the following formula. T equals C sub-one over theta times P sub-E. I'm not sure. Wait a minute. I'll see if I can access Starfleet's interactive database. It's quite simple, really. Do you know where the command module is? Activate it and select magnetic plasma sequencing. Now, we need a temperature high enough to emit the resonance burst, but not so high as to irradiate everyone on the ship. Try three million Kelvins. (Kes screams as her face and hands break out in oozing sores.) Look at him. Focus. Yes, you can. The mirror, remember? Kes, look at him. (Neelix turns off the monitor.) Then all you have to do is activate the warp field.
I must say, there's nothing like the vacuum of space for preserving a handsome corpse. Subject's abdominal organs are unremarkable. Pulmonary system exhibits evidence of extensive alveolar damage, as well as a slight swelling consistent with exposure to space. Ah, in addition there are signs of severe cardiac depolarisation. Very good, Kes. Hmm. This is intriguing. It may be some kind of axonal amplifier. Kes, hand me a cortical probe. (The EMH activates the probe and pokes it into the implant. The Borg activates and sits up.) Of course not. Apparently, I inadvertently activated a backup neuroelectric power cell. The response was purely autonomic. There's no reason for concern. What do you mean?  His neuropeptide levels have returned to normal. None. My best guess is that the residual neuropeptides heightened his telepathic receptivity.
I need a sample of your DNA. You won't be harmed. It appears he's released a cellular toxin into his bloodstream. He's dead. Captain's log, supplemental. Until we know exactly what's going on I'm keeping Voyager concealed behind a class three moon. [Astrometrics lab] (Chakotay is showing his photographs on a wall monitor.) Sickbay to Captain. I've completed my post-mortem analysis. You'd better get down here. He may look human, he may sound human, he may even smell human, but there's no question, he's alien. On a highly sophisticated level. If it weren't for microcellular scans I wouldn't be able to distinguish him from the genuine article. I've managed to isolate the alien DNA. Fortunately, most of his cells are still chemically active. If I use a cytokinetic injection I should be able to trigger a genetic reversion. Talk about a wolf in sheep's clothing. [Briefing room]  Cell morphology normal, all of your nucleotide sequences are accounted for. You're a hundred percent human. Green blooded Vulcan through and through. Well, two down, one hundred and twenty five to go.  Feisty little fellows. You've increased their cellular motility by over two hundred percent. Seven, the last time we used nanoprobes we sent 8472 scurrying back to fluidic space. You can't get more efficient than that. There's one way to find out. We can test the nanoprobes on our corpse. You'll find the body in morgue chamber three. Beam it to the surgical bay. The creature's only been dead for a few hours, there should still be plenty of cellular activity. [Sickbay] (The corpse is beamed in.) Initiate a bio-scan, full spectrum. Don't worry. It's an autonomic reflex. The creature still has residual bioelectric activity in its nervous system. Hmm. The creature's nucleotides are still intact. It looks like your concerns were warranted. We'll have to inform the Captain. We may have to False alarm. I don't mind telling you, Seven, I'm still holding out for a diplomatic solution. Funny. We used to say the same thing about the Borg. My point is, anything's possible if you keep an open mind. Optimism, Seven. Try to look on the bright side. Have you ever heard the phrase, the best defence is a good offence? Throughout human history weapons of mass destruction were often designed in the hopes that they'd never be used. An unfortunate exception. [Quantum Cafe] (Archer and Boothby are sitting at a table.)
Morning, lads. Doctor-patient confidentiality, Mister Paris. Don't mind if I do. I'll need to leave no later than thirteen hundred hours. Not exactly. I'm working on my homily for Sunday's mass and I expect both you sinners to be in attendance. Five shillings on Liam. Very well. Two shillings on Mister Kim and I'll pray for a miracle. I'm off duty right now. Say ten Our Fathers and call me in the morning. (Seamus blesses himself.) Gentlemen. (The arm wrestling match starts.) EMH: Come on, come on Mister Kim, show him what for. You can do it! (Janeway is in uniform. She approaches the bartender.) Come on, Ensign, try. Try! Come on. Try harder. I knew you could do it, Ensign. As I recall, the Captain is quite an aficionado of Irish history. I believe it's afternoon. Oversleep? Even I have to admit Mister Paris's latest effort is quite a tour de force. Speaking of revisions, I was hoping I could give my character a more active role. In the period you've created, the village priest was the most prominent member of the community, held in the highest regard. Try it, and you'll be saying Hail Marys till Saint Patrick's Day. [Bridge] Nothing for me. Temperance is a virtue. Are these seats taken? Are you in discomfort? Well Gentlemen, please! Love thy neighbour. [Sickbay] I'm afraid there's been some trouble in paradise. An altercation in the pub this afternoon. Several crewmen were injured. Nothing serious. Why don't we take a little walk? [Corridor] I don't mean to pry, Captain, but we've got a broken-hearted hologram who believed that the two of you were in love. Far from it. The fight spilled out onto the street. Before long, he'd climbed up a tree and began shouting your name. Mister Neelix managed to talk him down. I've already checked that. His subroutines are fine, but I did notice you'd made quite a number of alterations to his programme. To make him more appealing? I apologise for overstepping my bounds but I'm worried about you. Michael Sullivan is a hologram. His broken heart can be mended with the flick of a switch. Your feelings however, are a little more complicated. If you decide you want to talk, I've been hearing a lot of confessions lately. Let me know. Tell me what happened. Did you have intimate relations? I don't see the problem. I've noticed that humans usually try to change the people they fall in love with. What's the difference? I understand your trepidation, but you're the captain. You can't have a relationship with a member of your crew. They're all your subordinates. So where does that leave you? The occasional dalliance with a passing alien? Voyager could be in the Delta Quadrant for a very long time. A hologram may be the only logical alternative. He's as real as I am. Photons and forcefields, flesh and blood. It's all the same as long as your feelings are real. He makes a joke, you laugh. Is that an illusion? He says something that makes you think. Does it matter how his molecules are aligned? Did it ever occur to you that it's not just a question of whether or not he's real? I think you should stop trying to control every aspect of this relationship. Romance is born out of differences as well as similarities. Out of the unexpected, as well as the familiar. But isn't that the risk you always take, hologram or not? All I know is, Michael Sullivan was up in that tree shouting your name. Then perhaps, next time, you should just let him snore. [Bridge]
If you don't mind, I do have something to add. (Kim restores the EMH to the wall monitor.) Thank you. Captain, I hesitate to offer suggestions in a field of endeavour that is not within my usual area of expertise. Really? In that case, you may expect several more on a variety of matters in the near future. Right now may I suggest that we also consider attempting to create an actual holographic illusion of friendly ships? I would humbly submit that my programme is far more sophisticated than your run of the mill hologram. In fact, projecting the illusion of a large, three-dimensional object has been a trick of magicians for centuries. Mister Paris's predictable attempts at humour notwithstanding, that is precisely what I would suggest. Installing holo-emitters along the hull with parabolic mirrors to enlarge the images as they are reflected into space. It appears he inhaled noxious gases vented in the damaged shuttle. Forty milligrams pulmozine. He'll be on his feet in a day or two but there's still a number of things we need to keep an eye on. He's had a nasty concussion, spinal cord trauma and a polycythemia, the cause of which I've yet to discover. An abnormal increase in the number of red blood cells. I'm afraid that won't help you determine if he's telling you the truth, Commander. An ARA depends on making a baseline comparison with the known response for a given species. Any Tom, Dick or Harry from the Alpha Quadrant, I could probably help you, but not with any of the new species of the Delta Quadrant. Regarding his veracity, it may help you to know that if we'd arrived an hour later, he would have been dead from his injuries. [Engineering] You are making an adequate recovery, Mister Teirna. The only matter that I simply cannot understand is this lingering polycythemia. The medical record you gave us does not indicate any prior blood disorders. Might it be an inherited trait? Do you know if your parents ever I see. Well, we'll need to monitor this condition for a while. It might be due to some chemical imbalance that our sensors aren't recognising, possibly the result of the toxins you inhaled while on the shuttle. You're welcome. Commander Chakotay! Not in my Sickbay. Please. [Bridge] Perhaps we should try one last systems check. I'm new at this. And we've never put such a demand on the holo-generators before. We should have boosted the power input. We might try a preliminary It'll work. Everything will be fine. I'm not worried. [Bridge]  Help! Man overboard! (The EMH raises his arm to let a Kazon phaser go past, then he disappears.) [Doctor's office] TORRES I told you we should have run one last systems check. [Bridge] Computer, activate Medical Holographic recall. Set for twelve hours. Mark. (The Kazon cannot find him.) [Deck 8] Please state the nature of the medical emergency. How could I forget such an intriguing medical mystery? A Bajoran crewman with a Cardassian physiology. How are you, Seska? I see we have a new passenger. How interesting. One humanoid is pretty much the same as another from a holographic point of view. I'm programmed to provide medical care to anyone who needs it. I've learned that a bedside manner occasionally requires me to, how should I put it, soft-pedal the truth. But bald-faced lying, calculated deceit? I don't have much experience with that sort of thing. But my programme is adaptive. If you really need me to be deceptive, I'm sure I could learn. As you wish. Your baby's in good health. Chakotay's son? That isn't Chakotay's son. That may have been your intention, but it certainly wasn't the result. Here. See for yourself. (The EMH calls up his scan results on a monitor. Scan 4077 of course.) Your child has Cardassian DNA strands here and Kazon DNA here. Human DNA has a significantly different nucleotide sequence. He's the first offspring of a Cardassian and a Kazon. We have no frame of reference by which to judge his initial appearance. Perhaps he will develop more Kazon features as he matures.  Medical Log, Stardate 50032.7. I have determined that Commander Chakotay is not the father of Seska's child. I only wish there was some way to inform him. What am I supposed to do? Lead a revolt with a gang from Sandrine's? Conjure up holograms of Nathan Hale and Che Guevara? I'm a doctor, not a counterinsurgent. Get hold of yourself. You're not just a hologram. You're a Starfleet hologram. Maybe, maybe I could access a tactical database, teach myself guerrilla warfare. But that would take time. Computer, what is the crew complement? Eighty nine. What did you say? Betazoid? Where? Who? Who is it? Suder. Where is he? Doctor to Suder. [Jefferies tube] The ship has been taken over by the Kazon-Nistrim. Can you make it to Sickbay?  Computer, emergency medical priority one one four. Delete the signature of Mister Suder's comm. badge from the system. There is to be no record of his being on board. [Camp] I was beginning to think you'd got lost. We have no time to waste. According to the computer, we're at warp. We've got to figure out some way to slow the ship down before we get too far from the crew. That would seem to be our first priority. And then we have to get some weapons. Mister Suder, are you listening to me? Oh. I see. Perhaps you consider this an opportunity. To obtain your freedom from confinement. How foolish of me to think you would want to help. Then what? It is possible. Violence might be required to retake the ship. Mister Suder. If Lieutenant Tuvok were here, I know he would tell you there are times when violence is required to defend yourself, to defend your ship, to defend your crew. We must do this together, Mister Suder. If you don't trust yourself yet, then trust me. I will help you anyway I can. One hologram and one sociopath may not be much of a match for the Kazon, but we'll have to do. [Camp] Yes, of course. We use it to treat radiation burns. Mister Suder, we need some weapons if we're going to retake the ship. (Suder goes into the access tunnel.) [Camp] (Baby Wildman is crying.) On the emergency channel?  Good news. Help is on the way. Mister Paris apparently was able to. Oh. (The Kazon crewman is dead.) Of course. You were smart to bring him here. We can put him in a stasis drawer. You did what was necessary, Mister Suder. Five cc's of improvaline will help you calm down. You must be mistaken. It was damaged on a recent away mission and left behind. I wouldn't know. There are several dozen crewmen on board actually, and they have been working round the clock to sabotage your vessel. Yes. Of course, you're right. It is one of the Maquis. Sticks and stones won't break my bones, so you can imagine how I feel about being called names. Very well. Since you are obviously about to disable my programme anyway, let me take the credit I deserve. I did sabotage the ship all by myself, with the computer's help, of course. As a matter of fact, one of your crewman came in unexpectedly and caught me in the act. [Stasis room] (Just off Sickbay. The EMH opens the drawer containing the Kazon crewman.) He left me no choice. I would think it's obvious. To make you believe I was hiding someone. I've had your people crawling through the bowels of this ship for hours looking for an intruder. I was inspired by the presence of a master. [Sickbay] You would have been proud of him, Mister Tuvok.
Not so fast, Mister Paris. Can't these errands wait until the end of your duty shift? You've been here all afternoon. Didn't this occur to you before? I see. Well, since it's an emergency, don't let me stand in your way. The usual story. Have you been getting enough sleep? Mmm hmm. And have your headaches been getting any worse? These symptoms are hardly surprising, Captain. You work absurdly long hours under constant stress, eating on the run, without sufficient exercise or rest. Your body is crying out for mercy. Always looking for the simple fix. Sometimes there's no substitute for intensive osteopathic pressure therapy. You're fortunate to have a masseur who can work all day without tiring. Commander, unless this is an emergency, my patient is unavailable. Captain! Actually I was going to suggest a change of outfit.  [Bridge]  Commander Chakotay is suffering bone decalcification, tissue necrosis, decreased visual acuity. All classic signs of aging, but they've developed within hours. (Chakotay is an wrinkled, bald old man with lots of liver spots on his skin.) There's a rare genetic disorder called progeria which causes children to age prematurely. But there's never been an adult case and it was supposedly eradicated two centuries ago. Even so, I took a close look at your DNA. These segments regulate your body's metabolism. My scans indicate that they've been hyper-stimulated somehow. I can't speculate on that until I've identified the cause. There's no sign of an infectious agent. I'm not prepared to send you back on duty yet, Commander. I have no idea how your symptoms will progress. You should remain in Sickbay for observation. Whatever's affecting the Commander's DNA is working at a sub-molecular level. I'd like to set up an electron resonance scanner in the science lab to get a closer look. Still having headaches, Captain? I'll get to work on the scanner right away.  [Mess hall] It seems that your DNA has been hyper-stimulated, just like Commander Chakotay's. No, the effects are quite different. Interesting. Do Talaxians and Myleans share a common ancestry? Do the two races ever intermarry? Then one eighth of your genetic material was inherited from him. Those must be the genes which have become stimulated. Hmm. As far as I can tell, his condition seems stable. I'm going to leave you in charge of Sickbay so I can continue the DNA analysis. Do your best to keep them comfortable. Until we have more information, that's the best either of us can do. (Later, Paris is working in the Doctor's office. Neelix walks stiff-legged to where Chakotay is sitting on a biobed, carrying a glass of water.)  How's the scanner? Good. This disorder seems to be spreading rapidly among the crew. Right now it only means that we need to find some answers as quickly as possible. I'll start with Commander Chakotay. Very nice. Now, let's focus in on the hyper-stimulated segments of this DNA. Can you give me more magnification? That's odd. There seems to be some kind of contaminant on the base pair sequence. It didn't show up on the first scan. I need a closer look. I'm not exactly sure. See for yourself. Believe me, it doesn't. I've never seen it. This level of sub-molecular technology is well beyond anything Starfleet has developed. I wish I knew. They might help us determine where it came from. It's in Mister Neelix's DNA as well. A good scientist never jumps to conclusions, Lieutenant, but I'd say it's a distinct possibility. That must be why my initial scans didn't reveal it. To where? Right. (He goes to console and flickers.)EMH: Lieutenant.(She checks his mobile emitter.) How? B'Elanna! Science lab to bridge. This is the Doctor.(He flickers, and transfers himself somewhere.)  [Sickbay] Seven of Nine, this is the Doctor. Can you hear me? It's me, the Doctor. I've tapped into your audio implants so only you can hear me. It's imperative that you tell no one. Make any excuse to get out of there and report to holodeck two. I'm hiding in the da Vinci simulation. I'll explain everything when you get here. I don't know. And I get the feeling they don't want us to find out. When Lieutenant Torres and I started making progress in our investigation we were both incapacitated. Call me paranoid, but I don't think that is a coincidence. That's why I couldn't risk contacting anyone over the comm. system. My thinking exactly. B'Elanna wanted to adjust the ship's internal sensors to a phase variance of point one five. I'd like to do the same to your Borg sensory nodes. (The holodeck computer access is inside a lecturn.) Computer, give me a type four micro-inducer. (The item appears in a bucket hanging from a hook on the side of the lecturn. The EMH waves it over Seven's cortical implant and her vision That's one room down, two hundred and fifty six to go. I suggest a deck by deck survey. If you need to contact me, use comm. frequency epsilon two. I've isolated it from the rest of the system. And be careful. Someone out there could be watching.(Seven walks the corridors. She sees a crewman come out of a turbolift. To her eyes, he has a metal device strapped to his head with tubes running up his nostrils. An alien walks around the corner. Seven follows.)  This is worse than I imagined. You've got to let the captain know.  [Ready room] Have you seen any pattern to their behaviour? Any hint as to what they're trying to accomplish? As if Voyager were one big petri dish. We cannot allow them to continue. How? But what if the aliens retaliate by inflicting lethal mutations on everyone? It's too risky. The key to the aliens' control is the genetic tags. I believe a neuraleptic shock would disable them. Unfortunately, it would be rather painful. Yes, they will. The hard part will be administering the shock to everyone simultaneously. Good. I assume you know how to do that? Then you'd better get started.(Seven goes to Engineering and does so. One monitor displays Safety Protocol Override command code HB-88.)  [Bridge] We'd better find one soon. Sickbay is being filled with new patients with increasingly severe symptoms. Severe adrenal stress. No effect. (The crewwoman stops convulsing.)EMH: Her arterial pathways are Her entire circulatory system has collapsed. There's no way to repair that kind of damage. Brain death has occurred. I'm sorry, there was nothing more we could have done.
Please state the nature of the medical emergency. I can only speculate about my programmer's motives. Perhaps he thought I might be summoned for important reasons. Now there's an interesting concept. A hologram that programs himself. What would I do with that ability? Create a family? Raise an army? That makes me feel particularly confident. If you don't like the doctor's attitude, there's a man sitting in a console in the Jupiter Station Holoprogramming Centre you can write to. His name is Zimmerman. He looks a lot like me, actually. Now, not that I don't enjoy the repartee, but was there a reason you stopped in? Who gave you the first opinion? A nebula? What were we doing in a nebula? No, wait, don't tell me. We were investigating. That's all we do around here. Why pretend we're going home at all? All we're going to do is investigate every cubic millimetre of this quadrant, aren't we? But this is what brought you to me, isn't it? The nucleogenic peptide bonds. And you were doing so well. No, I suspect it's something far more interesting than that. [Ready Room] (Chakotay enters, carrying a skin.) I'm curious, Captain. Exactly what are you looking for? Let's see. You ran your ship through it, fired phasers at it and blew a hole in it with a photon torpedo. I'd say it's a pretty good chance that you did some fairly significant How kind of you. You may be interested to know that the analysis of the organic sample suggested this life form has the capacity to regenerate. The process may simply need a helping hand. Lieutenant Torres has the answer. You were the one who first observed that this life form has a nucleogenic structure. Bravo. This is the Doctor speaking. Please activate your monitor to the Emergency Medical Holographic Channel. I believe I may have a Before the advent of laser technologies [Engineering] EMH [on Your ship's energy systems are compatible with this life form's omicron particles, are they not? That's your problem, not mine. Doctor out.
Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Hold on. Wormhole? Not a peep. I'll call in a few crewmen for routine examinations. That should allow me to run the necessary diagnostics. [Bridge]  Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Monster? Weapons? This is a Sickbay, not an arsenal. What's going on? Slow down. The last thing I remember I was speaking to Mister Paris. He said the wormhole posed a threat to my programme. And who might you be, the local monster expert? That might explain the heightened dopamine levels I found during my routine examinations of the crew. Have you informed the Captain? Asleep? In the meantime, let's work on a wake-up call for the crew. (Torres is on a biobed with a cortical inhibitor on her neck.)EMH: Computer, increase neurotransmitter levels by twenty nine percent. I thought it might disrupt the organism's hold on her. I don't remember asking for a second opinion. It's working. She's regaining consciousness. You're being exposed to a powerful neurogenic field. You've been unconscious for several hours. Who? B'Elanna, you're still on Voyager. You're hallucinating. Computer, increase neurotransmitter levels by another ten percent. B'Elanna, focus on my voice. Do you mind? The situation is dismal enough. Well, I’m getting a pretty good idea on my own. Judging by these bioscans, the organism's been devouring life forms for a bit longer than thirty nine years. I'd estimate it's at least two hundred thousand years old. I wouldn't go that far. It appears to operate on highly evolved instinct. I haven't detected any signs of sentience. No need to get personal. [Sickbay] Starfleet's not in the habit of killing lifeforms. If I could take a few hours to examine the creature more thoroughly Maybe there's another way. Any living organism, no matter how large, will attempt to expel a foreign body. If we could just make Voyager a little less tasty?  Once I’ve beamed you back to your ship, try adjusting your shields to this frequency. You'll find them more resistant to the bioplasmic discharges. I’m something of a renaissance EMH. An Ishmael to your Ahab? No, thank you. As appealing as that sounds, I’m a Doctor, not a dragon slayer. My programme requires that I do no harm. I’ve rerouted bridge controls to Engineering. Ops, tactical, helm, all integrated into one station. I thought you'd like it. Ready on my end. I’m reading violent contractions throughout the digestive chamber. It's working. We're moving back through the oesophageal aperture! After just one burst? For a big fellow he certainly has a low tolerance for tummy ache. Hail him. He's right. I'm reading bioplasmic energy. You were impervious, when it was creating the illusion of Voyager getting home, because you didn't share that desire. But now we're trying to escape, which is what you want. Seven! No sign of bioplasmic energy. We've escaped. I'd better see to the crew.
 You were supposed to report to Sickbay this morning for your weekly check-up. Where have you been? And just what is this pressing task? Your devotion to duty is admirable, but you must remember that your implants have to be monitored regularly. No, you're not. I'm detecting reduced levels of erythrocytes in your blood. How long has it been since you regenerated? Well, that explains it. We've discussed this before, Seven. You must regenerate in your alcove for at least three hours a day. That was when you were a Borg. You seem to forget you're a good deal more human now. I beg your pardon? Six words in fifty eight hours? Wouldn't it be more efficient just to wait until we arrive at the relay station? I'm aware of that. In fact, if it weren't for me, this transmission wouldn't have been possible in the first place. I was the one who risked my matrix in order to go to the Alpha Quadrant. If we ever get home, I expect I'll become quite the hero. Emergency Medical Hologram instrumental in the return of Voyager crew. Has a nice ring to it, don't you think? Unlikely. I've accomplished things no EMH ever has. In fact, most likely I'll become an object of intense study and discussion. Possibly even veneration. What's that?(Voyager is shaking.) [Bridge] He appears to have suffered a complete osteotomy. He's been gutted. Apparently some kind of surgical procedure was used to remove the entire skeleton, as well as the musculature, the ligaments and tendons, and the internal organs. It's difficult to say. Somewhere between a week and a month. Did you ever determine who did it, and why? Very well.
I ran a complete postmortem analysis. There was nothing you could have done. How shall I proceed? Yes, but there's no metabolic activity. What does this procedure involve? But there's nothing left to stimulate. His brain functions are gone. She's right. The damage to his cerebral cortex was severe. Captain Hold on. I want to check his blood viscosity. And they say I have a lousy bedside manner. (Seven injects Neelix with the nanoprobes.) Ready. This is incredible. His intracerebral blood pressure, his synaptic responses, they're all returning to normal. His neurotransmitter levels are rising too fast. I'm going to try reducing his acetocholine levels. It might be enough to Neelix. For eighteen hours, forty nine minutes, thirteen seconds. Congratulations, Mister Neelix. You've just set a new world record. That remains to be seen. There's no way to tell if your body will successfully take over the functions the nanoprobes are serving. Until I'm certain the damaged tissue can function independently, you'll have to be injected with nanoprobes on a daily basis. I'm releasing you to your quarters. Your body's been through quite a shock, so try to get some rest. Report to Sickbay tomorrow at oh eight hundred hours for your next injection. [Corridor] The early stages of Ktarian development are astounding. Naomi has grown five centimetres since her last physical, and that was only three weeks ago. In these maturation chambers, the development of conversational skills is, I suppose, a low priority? [Galley]  His tissue began rejecting the nanoprobes, causing spontaneous necrosis throughout his body. We don't. I've designed a monitor for Neelix to wear that will alert us at the first sign of necrosis, and we'll continue with the daily injections. Beyond that, I'm afraid it's a matter of maintenance. He may have to live with this condition for the rest of his life. He wants to speak with you, Commander. (Chakotay goes to Neelix' bedside.) You know what you have to do.
Just remember, Kes, anyone can stargaze on the Bridge, even a hologram with a mobile emitter, but the real action will always be in sickbay.
What am I doing in Engineering? Where's my mobile emitter? Of course not. What are you talking about? A Kyrian. Doctor to the bridge, intruder alert. Security to Engineering. (The EMH tries using a console.) A holodeck? You've stolen my programme. How? Try quickly. That I know. That's the EMH backup module. One of your attack parties must have taken it from Sickbay. How much time? I don't believe you. Seven hundred years? What about my ship? What happened to my crew? And I'm some sort of fossil? No. This is impossible. I don't believe you!  What's going to happen to me now? Will you put me on display? The holographic Rip van Winkle? I want to try to contact Starfleet, if there still is a Starfleet. Wait for what? What kind of issues? Charges? I did nothing of the sort. Evidence? What evidence? Like this, for example? Triple-armoured hull? Thirty torpedo tubes? Twenty five phaser banks? This isn't what our ship looked like. Voyager wasn't a warship. We were explorers. Earth! You see, you couldn't even get that right. This is a nightmare. What if I'm found guilty? What's going to happen to me? You've got to believe me. To you, this may be ancient history. To me, it's yesterday. You called me a living witness. Well, at least give me the chance to set the record straight. I want to see your version of what happened. [Pseudo Briefing room] Pure fiction. This is absurd. Inconsistencies? I don't know where to begin. Granted, this looks like the briefing room but these aren't the people I knew. No one behaved like this. Well, aside from Mister Paris. We weren't at each other's throats. We didn't talk about how to destroy planets. We helped people. We were an enlightened crew. Yes. Yes! Well, no, we did get involved, but it was nothing like this. There was a meeting in this room, but it wasn't about battle tactics. It was about a dilemma we were facing. We had negotiated a trade agreement with the Vaskans. We were dealing with a representative, Ambassador Daleth. Exactly. Everything was going according to plan until we were attacked. By your people, the Kyrians. They'd picked that moment to start a war and we were caught in the middle. Captain Janeway called this meeting to figure out how we could extricate ourselves from the conflict and still maintain the trade agreement with the Vaskans. But we weren't on their side, and we certainly never attacked you. Somewhere, halfway across the galaxy I hope, Captain Janeway is spinning in her grave. You've portrayed us as monsters. The Captain's a cold-blooded killer, the crew's a gang of thugs and I'm a mass murderer. Why should I? I'm about to be hanged for crimes I didn't commit! I remember this man. Some martyr. He led the Kyrian attack against Voyager. I was there. And so are you. From the truth. Isn't it a coincidence that the Kyrians are being portrayed in the best possible light? Martyrs, heroes, saviours. Obviously, events have been reinterpreted to make your people feel better about themselves. Revisionist history. It's such a comfort. The problems in your society are none of my business. I'm just telling you what I saw seven hundred years ago. What are you doing? Wait, please. I can prove to you I'm right. The medical tricorder, the artefact you have on display. If you just let me(Quarren deactivates the EMH.)  Please state the nature of the medical. Oh, it's you. Really? I thought you'd heard enough of my lies. What changed your mind? For your information, I don't appreciate being deactivated in the middle of a sentence. It brings back unpleasant memories. Good, because if you don't stop treating me like a second-class hologram, I won't cooperate with your investigation. I'm perfectly happy to lie dormant in that module for a few eons. Then what do you want? Are you sure you're willing to listen to a mass-murderer like me? I never meant to throw your beliefs into doubt, but I can't deny what I know to be true. Well, the stage is certainly set, but I'll have to rewrite the characters and revise the plot a little. I'm quite adept in the art of holographic programming. If you'll give me access to your technology, maybe I can create a simulation of own. Show you what happened. [Pseudo Ready room] Computer, freeze programme. A tragic, needless death, but as you can see, Voyager was not responsible. After Tedran was killed, Voyager was attacked by nine Kyrian ships. My programme was disabled, most likely when they stole my backup module. The next thing I knew, I was standing next to this gentleman seven centuries later. I'll admit your holotechnology is new to me. I had to extrapolate in a few places. But I assure you this is an accurate recreation. In fact, I do. I've confirmed that this is the same tricorder I used to scan Tedran at the moment of his death. If I can access the bio-readings inside, I can prove he was killed by a Vaskan weapon, not by Captain Janeway. Look, I don't know who started your war. All I'm saying is that Voyager wasn't responsible.  Seven hundred years and I'm still caught in the middle of your little dispute. One might have hoped for a bit of social progress in the interim. Hmm. That's an understatement. Let's give it a try. (A tool materialises.) Hmm. Close enough. This diagnostic tool should help me get past the initial encryption sequences. Too bad we can't re-create B'Elanna Torres. Chief Engineer. You might want to make the correction in your history books. Starting to believe me, are you? B'Elanna Torres. Intelligent, beautiful and with a chip on her shoulder the size of the Horsehead Nebula. She also had a kind of vulnerability that made her quite endearing. From my perspective, I saw them all only a few days ago. But in fact, it's been centuries, and I'll never see them again. Did they ever reach home? I wonder. Really? Even though we were the bad guys? If it means anything to you, you would have made a fine member of That's not what I'm concerned about. Two deaths, a race riot, all because of me? Not yet. What's going to happen? Then there's only one solution. Delete my programme. I've become a kind of symbol for this conflict. As long as I'm around your people are going to keep on fighting. I'll show you how to decompile my programme. You can say I was damaged in the attack last night. No one will hold you responsible. Then I'll do it myself. I'm a medical hologram, programmed to do no harm. But I'm doing harm on a global scale. Ever since you reactivated me, I've been concerned with clearing Voyager's good name. But that's not important now. There's more at stake. Facts be damned! Names, dates, places, it's all open to interpretation. Who's to say what really happened? And ultimately, what difference does it make? What matters is today and the future of your people. I can, and I will. Tedran was a martyr for your people, a hero. A symbol of your struggle for freedom. Who am I to wander in seven hundred years later and take that away from you? Let's find that tricorder.(The camera swings round to reveal that all this too was a simulation.) [Future Museum]
 His cells are being necrotised by some form of omicron radiation. But I can't treat his injuries without knowing more about the weapon that caused them. What do you care? By this time tomorrow you'll be an amoeba.
Arithrazine? What for? What are you planning to do, stroll through a supernova? Captain, arithrazine is used for the most severe cases of theta radiation poisoning. A physician must be present to monitor the treatment. Then I'm afraid I can't accommodate you. I'd be in violation of Starfleet Medical Protocols. Don't tell me. The Omega Directive, whatever that might be. It'll be ready in the morning. Captain, I don't know what's going on here but I'd hate this to be the last time I ever see you. Please be careful. Have you detected Omega here, in the Delta Quadrant? This gentleman. Why do you ask? (He nods towards the surgical alcove.) He also happens to be barely conscious. Come back in an hour. Unavoidable. This is my sickbay. The man needs to recover. Our next social skills seminar is entitled Adding Diplomatic Flair To Future Negotiations. How are you feeling, sir? Are you comfortable enough to speak with this individual? (Allos nods.)EMH: Keep it brief. (The EMH leaves them.) Please, try to be calm. Seven, you'll have to leave.
Oh. I didn't realise you were in a briefing. Oh. This can wait. May I join you? I, too, come from a distinguished line. Hardly. My programme was compiled from the most advanced holo-matrices in the Federation. My cousin was a prize-winning chess programme. Time for a family portrait of our own. Everyone, gather around the Captain, please. Face the camera. Smile.(The EMH sets the timer and joins the group.) Another one for posterity.
I've increased the temperature to forty five degrees Celsius, and the light level should be more comfortable for you now. Please describe the physical sensation of your experience. Interesting. I'll run a microcellular scan for residual energy traces. Lieutenant, if you don't mind. I don't know. She's late for her duty shift. Computer, locate Kes.  Welcome to Sickbay. Take a number. [Briefing room] Please state the nature. Hello? Commander, what's happening?  I've never been completely cut off from the ship before. What if the emitter's power supply runs out? Fascinating. Everything is glowing with it's own energy. Even the plants are emitting a faint thermal signature. It's really quite lovely. Then I can begin my new career as a tricorder. A typical defensive reaction. Using an aggressive outburst as a shield against a perceived emotional threat. That's a valid observation. Defence mechanisms come in many forms. Fear of intimacy is a common indication of low self-esteem. Perhaps if you stopped to analyze the root cause, you might (Torres shuts him up via the emitter.) Lieutenant, I haven't seen any sign of a portal. Frankly, I'm getting tired of this. It's directly in front of me. Yes. Right there. (Jarleth points a little gizmo at it, and a door opens.) Well, if my scanning services are no longer required, I'll return to my medical duties. [Access tunnel] (They enter a curved corridor.)
Well, it was definitely a traumatic episode. Your heart rate accelerated to three hundred beats per minute. Your adrenaline levels rose by one hundred thirteen percent and your neuroelectrical readings nearly jumped off the scale. If you were human, I'd say you had a severe panic attack. No kidding. I don't know what happened to you, but there can be any number of explanations. Hallucination, telepathic communication from another race, repressed memory, momentary contact with a parallel reality. Take your pick. The universe is such a strange place. In the meantime, Lieutenant, you are free to go. All of your vital signs have returned to normal, and I don't see any residual systemic damage. But I want you to wear this neurocortical monitor. In case you have another episode, it'll record a complete encephalographic profile and alert sickbay at the same time. (The EMH places the device behind Tuvok's left ear.) I think we may be dealing with a repressed memory. The memory engrams in the dorsal region of the hippocampus are being disrupted. It's causing physical damage to the surrounding tissue. In Vulcan medicine, this is known as t'lokan schism. It means that the subject is inhibiting a traumatic memory, which is beginning to resurface. Strange, I know. In human subjects, repressed memories are nothing more than psychological traumas which can be dealt with, with standard therapeutic techniques. But in Vulcans, there is a physical reaction to the battle between the conscious and the unconscious. In extreme cases, the mind of the patient can literally lobotomise itself. There is no medical treatment for this condition. Vulcan psychocognitive research suggests that the patient initiate a mind-meld with a family member, and the two of them attempt to bring the repressed memory into the conscious mind. That's why I've asked you to come. He has a request to make of you. (Tuvok is on a biobed, meditating.) We're ready when you are, Captain. Fifty milligrams cordrazine! (Later, Tuvok is unconscious on a biobed.) There was a sudden disruption in his hippocampus. Luckily, he was in sickbay, or he'd be in a coma right now. That's the good news. The bad news is that his synaptic pathways are continuing to degrade. If the repressed memory keeps resurfacing on its own, it's going to cause more and more damage. Eventually, his entire neural structure will collapse, resulting in brain death. Not yet. He suffered a severe neural trauma, so I'm keeping him sedated for the next few hours. I'll let you know when it's safe to revive him. [Ready room] (Janeway is studying Starfleet records from 9521.6 when the doorbell chimes.) Sickbay to Captain Janeway. I'm ready to revive Mister Tuvok. Their memory engrams are destabilising. Something must be going wrong with the mind-meld. I'm going to bring them out of it. Their neural patterns appear to be locked together. I can't break the meld. The damage to his synaptic patterns is accelerating. At this rate, he'll be brain dead in twenty minutes. Get me a cortical stimulator! [Excelsior bridge] I've programmed a cortical stimulator to emit thoron radiation. We'll bombard his telepathic cortex. That should be enough to terminate the meld. We'll begin with a twenty kilodyne burst of five second duration on my mark. Now. It's working. Their neural patterns are starting to separate. My God! That's Tuvok's memory engram. That's the Captain's. But this red pattern seems to be another engram. It's not. Which means it can't really be an engram. From the neurochemical modulation, I'd say it's something masquerading as an engram, the way viruses sometimes mimic certain blood factors to avoid being destroyed by antibodies. I think so. The thoron radiation must have caused it to manifest itself. Increasing the radiation levels should destroy it. Go to forty kilodynes, ten second burst. Now. [Excelsior bridge]  It's working. The mind-meld is almost broken and the radiation appears to be killing the virus. Increase thoron levels to (Beep!) The virus is migrating. It's embedding itself in the captain's brain. Cortical stimulator! [Precipice]  Programme a fifty kilodyne burst, five second duration on my mark. Now. [Precipice]  The virus protein structures are breading down. It's dying. Increase thoron radiation to eighty kilodynes, fifteen seconds. Now. [Precipice]  Again. [Precipice] (This time it is a boy in a baseball cap with a big gold D.) It's clearly a viral parasite of some kind but its origin and genome classification are not on record. The virus thrives on peptides generated in the brain. It evades the body's immune system by disguising itself as a memory engram. Creating a false memory so traumatic that the mind would repress it. And that's where it would live in person after person, hiding in a part of the brain that conscious mind would want to avoid at all costs. Memory is a tricky thing. If it was a real event, it's been buried and copied and twisted so many times, there's no way to tell what really happened.
Choosing a name is no easy matter. I speak from experience. I've reviewed historical, literary and anthropological databases from over five hundred worlds and have yet to find a suitable name. However, I may want to give some thought to Greskrendtregk. Cameron, from the ancient Celtic term for one whose nose is bent. Frederick. Very distinguished. However, it bears a close resemblance to a rather impolite term on the Bolian homeworld. Yes, unfortunately it was also the name of a dictator on Sakura Prime, famed for beheading his rivals, and his parents. You're right. I've never heard that name before. Your scans look fine, Ensign. We'll see you in a week. You never suggested your father's name to me. Ah. Well, you were mistaken. Won't mind that I just usurped her baby's name the moment I heard it? Thank you, but no thank you. She's here in Sickbay, Captain. Please turn to your Emergency Medical Holographic channel. How flattering. I wanted to advise you that I took the liberty of beaming Lieutenant Torres [Sickbay]  From the Transporter room to Sickbay. She is somewhat singed around the edges but should make a complete recovery. [Bridge]
Ah yes, I'm aware of these devices, but I've never seen one. Interesting. (The EMH puts the pack on a biobed and raises the curved arms over it.) Initiate the scan. Ah, ha! The patient is sick. To discuss the patient's condition in front of the patient would be a serious breach of professional etiquette. It's been suggested that I cultivate a greater sensitivity to my patient's needs. Don't worry, my little friend. Very well. The biological component of the circuit device has an infection. A very contagious one. I suspect the contagion is not harmful to humanoids. If it were, we probably would have seen evidence of illness in the crew by now. But in order to protect the ship's circuitry, you'll have to isolate and quarantine all the affected gel packs until a treatment regimen can be initiated. I don't know. Unless we find the source of the infection, we won't be able to stop it from spreading.  This is the most pernicious infectious agent I've ever seen. It systematically attacked every cell in the gel pack's biological matrix. Sickbay to Bridge. Captain, what seems to be happening. [OC]: I'm afraid not. Frankly, I'm at a loss. [Sickbay]  But we'll keep trying. What I find curious is that these bacteria didn't show up in any of our diagnostic scans of the ship. But if the bacteria from the cheese into the ship's systems, how did the gel packs get infected? Of course. A virus. The bacteria could be hosts to the infectious virus. There are thousands of viruses so small they would have escaped detection. It's certainly worth a try. [Cargo bay] Sickbay to Bridge. Captain, I believe we may have something. The gel packs are incapable of responding to [Sickbay] an infection in the same way humanoid organisms do. [Bridge] Exactly. [Sickbay]  We've experimented with heating the samples of bio-neural circuitry we have here and the results are promising. Of course, we don't have the ability to produce the amount of heat needed [Bridge] EMH Bacterial levels are dropping, Captain. [Sickbay] If they continue, we should be able to purge the system within a few minutes. I'll get back to you right away, Captain. (Meanwhile, Tuvok reaches Gerron, puts him across his shoulders and heads back down the ladder. The gas gets to him and they fall the last two rungs. Tuvok tries to drag Gerron the rest of the way, but passes out.) Sickbay to Bridge. Repeat, Sickbay to Bridge. Can anyone hear me? All of the infectious bacteria have been destroyed. [Sickbay]  The danger of further infection has passed. [Bridge]
The life of a recreational hologram - dining, dancing, non-restrictive clothing. (he gets a kiss) I see the allure. (to another girl) Your turn. (Janeway is with Chakotay. She receives a lei.)
Sickbay to Kes. Please report here immediately. I've been informed we may have incoming casualties.  Start with the dermal regenerator on the worst of the radiation burns and scan for contamination of the surrounding tissue. (Kes goes to the man making the most noise.) You must lie still. You have internal injuries. I'll sedate you if necessary. Give him twenty milligrams of lectrazine. No effect. His biochemistry is incompatible with our medications. The tissue damage is too extensive. There's nothing more I can do for him. Record the time. That's right. Why?  I've identified the transfer mechanism. This cortical implant was automatically activated at the moment of death. It enhanced Tieran's neural pattern and sent it out along the peripheral nerves. The actual transfer took place through these bio-electric microfibres. When they came into direct contact with Kes they transmitted Tieran's pattern up through her nervous system and into her brain. My thoughts exactly. This synaptic stimulator will tap into the implant in Kes's body and remove the alien neural pattern. Then her own consciousness can take over. To be fully effective it would have to come in direct contact with her skin.
 You're late. Today, yesterday and the day before. You'd think a Vulcan would be more attuned to punctuality. So, how was school today? Sounds stimulating. I had no doubt that you would. But I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't let these mind studies interfere with your (A high pitched sound.) I don't know. (They walk through to another area, the Medical lab?, where the EMH opens a cupboard to reveal the Caretaker's desiccated remains are rattling in their clear container. Then it stops. A little later, Janeway has arrived with Torres and Tuvok.) Apparently so. But before I could analyse them, the life signs simply ceased. Where? I ran a micro-cellular analysis of the Caretaker's remains and discovered a critical enzyme in his cellular structure.  Lieutenant, can you hear me? Your cell membranes went through hyperthermic induction. The temperature of your blood rose by thirty seven degrees in a matter of seconds. You were in shock and I resuscitated you. I'm restricting you to light duty for the next three days. Try and get some rest. Vulcans make the worst patients. Fine. But if you're feeling any nausea or dizziness I'm expecting you to report to Sickbay at once.
My scans indicate that all biological matter was merged on a molecular level. Proteins, enzymes, DNA sequences. The man you see before you is literally a fusion of two men. But he's surprisingly healthy considering the circumstances. All vital signs are stable. I'm also picking up traces of a third genetic pattern. It appears to be plant-based. Well, they're part of your genetic structure now. But they don't appear to be affecting your biochemistry. Yes, Captain. If I may, Captain. Mister Tuvix Apparently, that's what he likes to be called. Mister Tuvix is indeed in perfect health. And since I've collected all the data I need, there's no reason I can't continue my investigation without him for the time being. And according to my tests, he's quite correct when he says that he possesses Tuvok's knowledge and expertise. He also possesses Tuvok's irritating sense of intellectual superiority and Neelix's annoying ebullience. I would be very grateful to you if you would assign him some duty, any duty somewhere else.  We've made over a hundred attempts to reverse the symbiogenesis using the medical transporter, and each time this has been the unfortunate result. Complete cellular collapse. Obviously, in the case of Mister Tuvix, we're dealing with a much more complex organism than a flower. In effect, we're talking about recreating two humanoid life-forms without so much as a single discrete strand of DNA to start with. I am an incredibly skilled doctor, and I will continue to pursue a safe and effective treatment until I find one. But I won't lie to you. I'm not optimistic. It could take months, even years, to find a solution. And we must face the possibility that this condition is simply untreatable. I feel as though I've lost two patients. I'm sorry. Sickbay to Ensign Kim. Please turn to your Emergency Medical Holographic Channel. Suppose I found a radioisotope that could selectively attach itself to specific DNA sequences. Could the surgical transporters be reprogrammed to lock onto those enhanced sequences and separate them from the remaining DNA? Thank you, Ensign. It's pure speculation at this point. I'll let you know when I've learned more. Doctor to Lieutenant Tuvix. Please report to Sickbay immediately. [Sickbay] (Kim and the EMH are briefing Janeway, Tuvix and Kes.) Until late in the twenty first century, physicians administered barium to patients with certain gastrointestinal disorders. The radioactive properties of the barium made the lining of the intestines visible with a primitive imaging technology called X-rays. Then we simply beam out the selected DNA and segregate the two merged species. It will require a more detailed reprogramming of the transporter, but, yes, I believe we can restore Mister Tuvok and Mister Neelix. I assure you, Mister Tuvix, there's nothing to worry about. We've accounted for every variable. I'm sorry, Captain, but I cannot perform the surgical separation. I am a physician, and a physician must do no harm. I will not take Mister Tuvix's life against his will.
 Now, see the organelle just over there? The one that looks like a little bitty potato? Yes. Exactly. Now what if I told you that this fellow was invited to dinner, but never got around to leaving? Well, turn back the clock a few billion years to when cells first evolved. These early cells had no mitochondria. They struggled along without them, making do with whatever energy sources they could find. Then, one day a mitochondrial ancestor arrived, broke though the cell wall, and made himself at home. The correct term is symbiosis. Friends. Mmm hmm. Well, she's probably just a little busy. Now, let's have a look at the cell wall. It looks simple enough, but believe you me there's more here than meets the eye. Neelix, what a pleasure to see you! You're quite welcome, Miss Wildman. [Corridor]
His life signs are normal. A few elevated serotonin readings in the hypothalamus. From what I can tell, he's just asleep. I don't see why not. (The EMH bends close to Paris' ear.) Wake up, Lieutenant! Well, I'm glad you had a good time. You're not going anywhere. At least not for a few hours. I have some tests I'd like to run on Your Majesty before I release you back into the realm of ordinary humans.  Hmm. It looks like he's having an allergic reaction. What did he ingest? It's a miracle he's still alive. This is strange. He's definitely having an allergic reaction. To the water in the coffee. I don't know how this is possible, but it appears that his entire biochemistry is changing. His electrolytes are breaking down, interstitial fluids are congealing. (Paris starts gasping.) The alveoli in his lungs are mutating. He's no longer processing oxygen. Stand back. Computer, erect an isolation field around the surgical bay. Computer, remove all the air from within the forcefield and replace it with eighty percent nitrogen and twenty percent acidichloride. He can breath, for now. I have no idea, but I assume it had something to do with his experience on the shuttle. (Paris screams.) His cellular membranes are deteriorating. He's dying. I need to know more about what happened on that shuttle, and I need to know it now. Radiation levels, unexplained anomalies, anything. (Torres rushes out. Later, Kes is monitoring Paris' lifesigns at a console while the EMH goes inside the forcefield. Veins are standing out all over Paris' face.) You're too stubborn to die, Mister Paris. I want to try high saturation radiometric therapy. It might slow down his cellular mutation. A fitting epitaph, but I don't intend to let you use it just yet. Begin with forty five rads per second. No effect. Increase the dosage to eighty five rads per second. I'm going to try inhibiting the cell mitosis with a biosuppresser field. It's not in my programme. I'll note that in your medical file. His lymphatic system is collapsing. Increase dosage to ninety eight rads per second. His life signs are critical. Maximum dosage. What? She can't breathe the atmosphere in here. Prepare to activate the neural stimulator. Now! Again. Again! No neural activity. His cell membranes have degraded. There's nothing more we can do. Computer, remove the acidichloride gas from the isolation field and deactivate the field. It will be necessary for us to perform an autopsy on the Lieutenant's body in the morning. Until then, I suggest you get some rest. (Kes kisses Paris' cheek, and leaves. Later, the EMH is working in his office when he hears a strange creaking sound. He follows the sound into the surgical bay, and pulls back the sheet from the body.) You're alive! (Paris scratches his head and gets a handfull of hair.) All of your internal organs are functioning again. In fact, you seem to have an extra one. You have two hearts. (Biomedical scan 47 shows Paris is now a Time Lord.) [Somewhere on Voyager]  He's body is going through some sort of mutation. His DNA is rewriting itself. To what end, I don't know. No. So far, nothing has worked. The mutations are unlike anything in Starfleet medical records. His internal organs are being rearranged. Some have atrophied and been absorbed into his body, and there are at least three others that have appeared and have no identifiable function at all. There are neuroelectrical transmutations at work. His synaptic patterns are changing almost every second. But he does still recognise me, the ship. He knows who he is. Of course. But I feel I should caution you that while he still is Tom Paris, he's becoming something else as well. His personality is erratic, unpredictable. There are moments of lucidity interspersed with almost deranged behaviour. I want you to run a nucleogenic scan to determine how much of his original DNA is left intact. In the meantime, I'm going to see about treating him with What is it now, Mister Paris? So I've noticed. Is it urgent? I'm rather busy right now. I'm afraid that's not possible. What do you understand? I beg your pardon? Something tells me we'd better hurry. [Briefing room] EMH [on We destroy all of the new DNA in his body. His cells will have to use the original coding as a blueprint. But the only way to destroy the mutant DNA is with highly focused antiproton radiation. Exactly. I'd like to place Mister Paris in an isotopic restraint and then infuse it with controlled antiproton bursts. A tricky venture, but I see no other alternative. In three hours, there won't be anything left of Mister Paris to save. We have to make the attempt within an hour, at the most. What's your status, Lieutenant? Infuse him with a two second antiproton burst. I don't understand. This should be working. We'll have to increase the duration of the bursts. Lieutenant, prepare a five second burst. Also, you'll need to begin depolarising the (Crash!) Lieutenant? Lieutenant! What's happening?  I've re-examined the data on Mister Paris' transformation, and I think I understand what's happening to him. The mutations we observed are natural. The changes in his DNA are consistent with the evolutionary development of the human genotype observed over the past four million years. Increased brain capacity, the loss of vestigial organs. That's my theory. The only difference between natural evolution and what happened to Mister Paris is that his changes took place over a twenty four hour period. Somehow, travelling at infinite velocity accelerated the natural human evolutionary process by millions of years. It's possible that Mister Paris represents a future stage in human development, although I can't say it's very attractive. I think my antiproton approach was correct. However, I'll need to intensify the treatment to restore his original DNA.  I've eradicated all traces of the mutant DNA from your system and restored your original genome. Congratulations. You're human again. Captain, it'll take some time for your genetic codes to stabilise. I'd like you to remain in Sickbay for the next three days, just to be safe.
 Push! Cervical dilation is at ten point two centimetres. Prostaglandin levels are normal. Push, Ensign. I know you're fatigued. Try to focus on your breathing. Remember the exercises we did. When you feel a contraction, bear down. [Bridge] (Janeway is pacing.) What's wrong? The baby has shifted position, and its exo-cranial ridges have lodged in the uterine wall. This is a rare complication, but it's been known to happen in human Ktarian pregnancies. No. Its spinal column is too fragile. I don't want to risk nerve damage. If we don't deliver the baby now, its ridges could perforate the uterus and cause internal bleeding. Kes, prepare for a foetal transport. [Bridge]  I've locked onto the baby's coordinates. We're ready to begin. Initiating umbilical separation. Energising. (A screaming infant materialises in the bio-crib. It has three wicked spiked horns on its forehead.) Congratulations, Ensign. It's a girl. The transport caused a slight hemocythemic imbalance, but we'll stabilise her cell membranes with osmotic pressure therapy. (Big shudder.) [Bridge] The incubator is losing power. Activate the auxiliary respirator. (The doors open.) Second degree plasma burns on the face and neck. Treat him with a dermaline gel. Fractured clavicle, thoracic contusions, nothing serious. She can wait. Fused vertebrae. Prep him for surgery. Status? Increase the osmotic (Another proton burst.) That's not helping. Increase the osmotic pressure ratio by ten percent. Acknowledged. [Engineering] Try remodulating the osmotic pressure. Hang on. I'll be right there. (Another proton burst hits. The EMH flickers and drops his dermal regenerator.) Oh, no. [Corridor]  I've stabilised my imaging array but it could go out at any time. Prepare for emergency resuscitation. Not if I can help it. [Jefferies tube]  Again. I'm sorry, Ensign. [Corridor] Congratulations, Ensign. It's a girl. I've stabilised my imaging array, but it could go out at any rate. Try remodulating the osmotic pressure. Again. I'm sorry, Ensign. I'm not surprised. I am programmed to be heroic when the need arises. By the way, Ensign, this other Doctor, did he have a name? By all means. [Corridor]
 Where am I? I find your interest in my well-being to be less than genuine. I recently suffered a severe programme loss and I'm still in the process of retrieving my memory files, but apparently on a few occasions I have been projected into other locations. Undoubtedly you're using a similar procedure. That is a matter of opinion. Now would you please return me to my vessel. If you have need of medical expertise, I would refer you to a more local physician. That is simply not the case. A paranoid response indicative of bipolar personality disorder. If my history is accurate, southern California in the late twentieth century had no shortage of psychotherapists, competent and otherwise. I suggest you find one. Now, return me to Voyager. I'm a doctor, not a database. Or suffer the consequences? Hardly. I'm a hologram. I experience neither pain nor fear of death. You have no means of coercing me. (Starling taps a key and proves him wrong.) I, I never realised. How? In case you have forgotten, I can only appear in a room equipped with a holographic projection system. In short, I am going nowhere. (Dunbar drives Sterling to Metro Plaza, and opens the back door for his boss. The EMH gets out of the other side and gazes around in awe. He has a device on left arm. Starling has something futuristic in his hand. Paris and Tuvok see them.) [Shuttlecraft] I'm not programmed to make small talk. It's just another environment to me. Run! (Rain gets out and runs to Tuvok and Paris.) [Shuttlecraft] I've been equipped with an autonomous self-sustaining mobile holo-emitter. In short, I am footloose and fancy free. [Shuttlecraft] I assume she is speaking figuratively. There's a name I hadn't considered. Try to relax. You appear to be hallucinating. Divine intervention is unlikely. (The EMH phaser stuns them, then unties Torres and Chakotay.) Tuvok's at the shuttle. He's starting repairs. It's a long story, Commander. Suffice it to say, I'm making a house call. [Bridge] Thank you. It's a pleasure to be here. How exactly to I get to torpedo tube one?  Captain, I insist you come to sickbay. If you're referring to my new found mobility, that is entirely up to me. Apparently the reverse is also true. I will be able to make use of the emitter as casually as you might slip on a pair of shoes. You know, Kes, now that I'll be to and fro, your responsibilities in sickbay will increase. Nothing I can't handle. You know, Captain, I've always wanted a little more privacy. Perhaps under the circumstances, my own quarters.
Questa o quella per me pari sono a quant'altre d'intorno mi vedo, del mio core l'impero non cedo meglio ad una che ad altre belta. La costoro avvenenza e qual dono di che ilfato ne infiora la vita. S'oggi questa As a hologram, I can handle a variety of tasks at once. In addition to piloting the Flyer, I'm writing a paper on the physiological stresses of long duration space flight, and taking holo-images of this Mutara class nebula. I'd never admit this to anyone else, but there was a time when I would have given anything to be flesh and blood. But I've come to realise that being a hologram is far superior. No offence. I'll always enjoy the company of organics. In fact, I'm delighted you were able to attend this medical symposium with me. It's been a pleasure spending time with you. Actually, I was hoping we No, there's nothing on sensors. It's probably just the gravimetric shear from the nebula. Sit down and relax, Captain. You've got a hologram at the helm. [Engineering] Go ahead, Commander. You did say immediately. How can I help you? What's wrong? I'll bring her an analgesic. You think they harmed her? I'm not sure, exactly. The aliens took my programme offline as soon as they boarded the Flyer. The captain reactivated me a few hours later and told me she'd been interrogated. Naturally, I examined her to make sure she was all right. I suppose I'm violating doctor-patient confidentiality by telling you this but, she was fine. Gladly. But you know how she feels about physicals. Aye, sir. [Astrometrics lab] Ah, Commander. You'll be relieved to know I've given the captain a clean bill of health. Mmm hmm. Her brain activity and cognitive functions are completely normal. As far as I can tell she's perfectly fit, physically and mentally. No. I'm not doing anything else until I speak with the captain. Fine. What's your encryption frequency? [Overlooker's ship] EMH [on If I don't do what they ask, they'll kill you. I'm sorry, Captain. I can't obey that order. The gel packs are integrated into the ship's systems. I can't just remove them without someone noticing. (croaky voice) Go ahead. [Delta Flyer]  Just a scratchy throat. The Doctor's treating me now. [Delta Flyer]  I'll be right there. Chakotay out. Computer, access the holodeck database and locate Commander Chakotay's holographic template. Download the physical parameters into my programme. (He morphs himself into Chakotay and puts the comm. badge on.) [Delta Flyer]  (as Janeway) Janeway to Torres. (as Janeway) I'm having a little trouble with my replicator again. Can you take a look at it? [Engineering] (as Janeway)I'd consider it a personal favour if you'd do it yourself, Lieutenant. (as Janeway)Thank you. Janeway out. (own voice) Computer, access Lieutenant Torres' holographic template and download the physical parameters into my programme. (He makes the changes then realises something is missing when he looks in the mirror.) If you don't mind [Doctor's office]  I've had a stressful day. (Tuvok enters Sickbay. The EMH stops the music.) [Overlooker's ship] EMH I haven't the faintest idea what you're talking about. [Sickbay]TUVOK: Your access code was used to download the captain's physical parameters. Exactly what are you insinuating, Commander? Fine. (The EMH attempts to inject Tuvok, but he is stopped. Tuvok draws his phaser.) You haven't forgotten I'm a hologram, have you? (Tuvok fires his phaser at a wall emitter. The EMH flickers.) Prepare to eject the warp core. Authorization ECH omega four two. Computer, eject the core. (The warp core falls out of Voyager.)EMH: Computer, lock on to my mobile emitter and transport me to the Delta Flyer.  This is the Delta Flyer. I've got the warp core [Overlooker's ship] EMH Are you insane? You almost destabilised the core. Both of our ships would've been destroyed! [Overlooker's ship] All right.(The tractor beam is turned off, and the warp core vanishes.)  Ready. [Overlooker's ship] I'll do no such thing. What did you expect me to do, let them kill you? You might as well have been ordering me to put a phaser to your head. Voyager can survive without a warp core, but not without a captain. I'm sorry I put us in this position, Captain. This isn't what I had in mind. Maybe, if we get back to the ship, we could try socialising a little more. You have meals with Commander Chakotay, and you play Velocity with Seven. You want me to infiltrate the Hierarchy's surveillance complex? How do you expect me to get past the security perimeter? Captain, if I don't survive, I need you to do something for me. If I'm not, when you reach Earth I want you to donate my emitter to the Daystrom Institute. They may be able to replicate it someday so that other holograms can know the freedom I've enjoyed. I've had something on my conscience for a long time. After I was first activated, I kept a record of what I considered to be your most questionable command decisions. It's in my personal database. I hope you'll delete the file without reading it. Mister Tuvok, I violated the most sacred trust between a physician and his patient. I told Mister Neelix about the cutaneous eruption you developed on your. That was indiscreet. I hope you can forgive me. Ensign, at your recital last month, I told Lieutenant Torres that your saxophone playing reminded me of a wounded targ. I should've put it more delicately. I'm sorry. Seven. You have no idea how difficult it's been, hiding my true feelings all these years, averting my eyes during your regular maintenance Goodbye, my friends. Speak well of me. (The EMH disappears.) What happened? I'm not going to decompile?  Captain, do you, do you need medical attention? After my deathbed confession, I wasn't sure I had any friends left. I overstepped my bounds in documenting your command decisions. It happened a long time ago, before I considered myself to be a part of your crew. I understand. I appreciate the gesture, Captain, but I've got a lot of work to catch up on. I suppose Mister Paris can finish this. I understand. Not a problem. The second?
 Incredible. Somehow virtually every cell in his body has been altered. His cells have mutated. Or they've been fused with inorganic matter. I can't make heads or tails of it. Look at this. His blood cells have bonded with metallic nuclei. That remains to be seen. I'm going to have to do a complete pyrocyte replacement if we're going to keep him alive. We'd better hope there are compatible donors on board. We'll let you know the results as soon as we can. [Corridor] I'm not sure. Even if he does, there's no way to predict what kind of brain damage there might be. You? I don't understand. All right. All the more reason we should have your blood on file.  Prep three cc's kelotane. I'll need a dermal regenerator. Run a full blood scan. (Chakotay holds Seska's hand.) [Ready room] (Tuvok escorts Carey in.) Ah, Captain. I'm glad you're here. I was just about to call you. Well, the good news is, we've been able to stabilise him. We had to completely replace his blood. His own blood cells were killing him. They were changed by the accident on his ship. We haven't been able to determine that yet. It will be the truth. He's dead. There was some kind of nerve toxin in that needle. He died instantly. Captain, may we talk to you in my office? [Doctor's office]  It's about Seska. Ah. Have I been called to testify? And may I say a doctor less informed about Bajoran medicine might have been fooled, but my programme includes the complete Bajoran medical text on Orkett's disease. There's no way any childhood virus or Cardassian bone marrow transplant can explain away the genetic markers in your blood. You are Cardassian, Ensign.
Just excited to be doing my part for our first official mission, Mister Carey. (Neelix and Chakotay are also there.) I'll muddle through. (Torres enters.)EMH: If you're here for your foetal resonance scan, you're a day early.  I've analysed his garment. It's lined with magnesite. Unfortunately, the protection it offers is limited. His tissues are saturated with antimatter radiation. It explains why we couldn't detect his lifesigns. They're virtually indistinguishable from the environment. No. You're suffering from prolonged radiation exposure. I can treat you. I believe I can. Nothing. I'll begin reprogramming them. (The EMH goes to the Medical lab.) Sickbay to bridge. [Sickbay]  They've killed Lieutenant Carey.(Carey is on the deck with a hole through his heart.) [Bridge] When you need to infiltrate a toxic environment, it helps to be a hologram.  Cute little fellow, isn't he? He's already responding to treatment.
 (sings) Rock-a-bye baby, in the space dock. When the core blows, the shuttle will rock. When the hull breaks, the shuttle will fall. And down will come baby, shuttle and all. The lyrics are rather grim, but it's the melody they respond to. I recorded twenty nine in all, including a couple of Klingon lullabies. My favourite is 'quong vaj Ocht. Sleep, little warrior. I could tell by the look on their faces that my gift made quite an impression. I wish you'd been there. It was a lovely shower. Tom and B'Elanna were disappointed that you didn't attend. Are you experiencing any shoulder pain? Hmm. Your biradial clamp is out of alignment by point three microns. I'm afraid it will have to be repaired. Not if you want to keep using that arm. I know it's an inconvenience, but until we can find a way to remove your cybernetic systems, they'll have to be maintained. It's a minor procedure. We might as well take care of it now. We'll be done in an hour. Oh. I suppose we can put it off until next week's physical. I also noticed that your electrolyte levels are down by twelve percent. Have you missed any regeneration cycles? Don't tell me. More research? This must be some project. Mind if I ask what you're working on? How do you mean? I wasn't aware you had a personal life. [Bridge] I wasn't aware you had a personal life. (Seven sees her reflection in the mirror as her fully Borg self.) [Holodeck - Seven's quarters] CHAKOTAY  Seven? Computer, locate Seven of Nine. Her cortical node is shutting down. She's going into neural shock. And what happened to her facial implants? Computer, end programme.(Normality is resumed. Electricity plays over Seven's cortical implant.) [Sickbay] If you're looking for your other holographic friend, he's offline at the moment. Your cortical node began to shut down. Fortunately, I managed to stabilise it before there was any permanent damage. I'm going to run a diagnostic on your entire cortical array, but it might help if I knew what you were doing before you collapsed. Did you suffer a physical injury of some kind? Were you exposed to any unusual radiation? What exactly were you doing in there? That simulation of Commander Chakotay mentioned that the two of you were having an argument. Was that part of your research? I couldn't help but notice that you'd created some quarters for yourself. A new dress, dinner for two. Of course. Such as? I take it our First Officer is your romantic interest. So he does. What prompted all this? Well, this is encouraging. You might be ready to start forming deeper relationships. I'm proud of you, Seven. Why? It's supposed to be a distraction. You simply have to find the right balance between work and recreation. Seven. For what it's worth, you have excellent taste. Your quarters. They suited you. [Engineering] Is it that obvious? I've completed my diagnostic. What you experienced was no malfunction. Your cortical node was designed to shut down your higher brain functions when you achieve a certain level of emotional stimulation. It appears to be a fail-safe mechanism to deactivate drones who start to regain their emotions. Knowing the Borg, it makes perfect sense. Finding one's heart is the surest road to individuality. The technology's built into your node. It simply remained dormant, until now. Possibly. I've been thinking about a way to reconfigure the micro-circuitry. I won't lie to you, Seven. It would entail multiple surgeries, and the recovery might be difficult. But I believe we could eventually succeed. I'll prepare the surgical bay. We can begin tomorrow morning. Without the procedure, you won't be able to continue your simulations. You don't really believe that. That's the Borg talking, not you. As your physician. As your friend, I'm asking you to let me proceed. Seven.
The coffee was quite good this morning. I'll be home at the usual time. I couldn't agree more. I'll look forward to reviewing it, Jeffrey. And is my little angel going to get an A on her history exam today? Gladly. I haven't forgotten. Well, goodbye all. They're everything I could have hoped for. Captain's log, stardate 50836.2. We've had long range communications with a seemingly friendly race known as the Vostigye. We'll be rendezvousing within the hour at one of their space stations. [Bridge] I'm sure I could have told you that. The tinkering you speak of has been for the sole purpose of improving my performance as a physician. I can hardly be faulted for that. That's why I've created a family. I've listened to enough patients talk about their families to realise how meaningful they are to biological beings. Splendidly. From what I heard, I thought it would be difficult, but I'm enjoying the experience. As a matter of fact, the little woman has been asking me to bring some of my colleagues home for dinner. Perhaps you and Kes would care to join us tonight? Charlene is a wonderful cook. A slight exaggeration. Belle, eat your dinner. They're well aware of my talents. Jeffrey, why don't you tell our guests about your new project at school. Jeffrey is extremely bright. He's in the accelerated physical sciences programme at school. Oh. Lieutenant, what are you doing? Yes? I don't understand. I provided the computer with my requirements for a mate and children. If I were to choose a real wife, my tastes would be the same. Intelligence, education, organisational skills. I thought for a long time about what Lieutenant Torres said, and I finally concluded she was right. If I'm going to have the experience of a family, it should be as authentic as possible. Oh, she's already made them. She's simply added some randomised behavioural algorithms to the programme I constructed. Events will simply unfold as a matter of natural evolution of probabilities within the programme, but there's no way to predict what those might be. My database contains everything there is to know about paediatric care and childhood development. I can't imagine a parenting problem I couldn't handle. Well, I have had some experience with romantic relationships. I don't anticipate any problems there. Right now. I'm due home for dinner. Computer, initiate Doctor's Family Programme Beta-Rho and transfer the EMH to holodeck two. [Holodeck - Doctor's Family Programme Beta-Rho]  Hello, I'm (Raucous noise is emanating from somewhere. My guess? Jeffrey's room.) Home. It was a busy day. I was quite challenged by the task of preparing a DNA probe to test Ensign Parson's glial cells. It seems he has a microbial infection. Rather unusual. Late? Ah. Right. Is dinner ready? What is that noise? If you put your mallet in your closet when you were done with it, you'd know where it was. Mine too. Jeffrey? Jeffrey? What is that music? Well, turn it down. You can't do your homework with that noise. I know that, Belle. Well, perhaps that will teach you a lesson. Belle, you have to realise (Someone hammers at the door. Two Klingon teenagers are there.) Who are you? Do you have names? Well, Larg and K'kath, you'll have to come back later. Jeffrey's doing his homework. I! Just a minute. I'm sorry, but Jeffrey can't see friends until he has finished his homework. Jeffery, this is unacceptable. Business? Young man!  I've given you a combination of hyronalin and lectrazine. That should give you temporary protection, but I can't guarantee it's duration. If I know you, you'll push it to the limit. You enjoy flirting with danger. You were undoubtedly one of those children who had to climb the highest tree, scale the tallest cliff. I can only imagine what you must have put your parents through. Indeed. However, I have analysed the situation and come up with a solution. There should be no more problems. We'll see. You're in fine physical shape, Lieutenant. You may go ahead and engage in this reckless activity. Where's Jeffrey? I asked everyone to be here at sixteen hundred hours precisely. Asleep? In the middle of the afternoon? (Jeffery enters.) Is this true? Were you asleep? That's one of the matters I want to discuss. Thank you all for coming. I thought it would be a good idea if we had a family meeting. In fact, I'd like to do this on a regular basis. If you have something to say, Jeffrey, say it so everyone can hear. I've been feeling that this family is beginning to spin out of control. As husband and father I believe it is my duty to set some parameters. It's part of good parenting. Limits, boundaries. To that end, I have drawn up a revised family schedule and a list of rules and regulations. I'd like you all to study them carefully. I had to do that in order to make everything work. Everybody has had to make some sacrifices. You shouldn't be on the first team. You're not old enough. As I said, Belle, we must all make sacrifices. I will make dinner on the nights your mother lectures. Exactly that. They're a bad influence on you. They're prone to violence, they keep you out till all hours. Why don't you find some nice Vulcan friends? Charlene? You know very well how important it is to keep a united front. I expect you to support me in these decisions. Jeffrey, you are not excused! Apparently so. Although I fail to understand their reaction. I'm just trying to help the family function better. Belle, you've been playing with children two and three years older than you. That's much too dangerous. You're not old enough to realise how hazardous that game can be. It's up to me to keep you safe. I'm just trying to be a good father. Thank you, Belle. That's very grown up of you. Why, thank you. Oh, no, no. Perhaps. I've been trying to do an immunogenicity analysis on Ensign Parson's cell culture, and I can't seem to get the measurements right. Thank you, I'd be grateful. [Sickbay]  Actually I've been having a few problems at home. I can't seem to stop thinking about them. I'm not sure they'd appreciate it. Computer, initiate Doctor's Family Programme Beta-Rho and transfer the EMH to Holodeck two. [Holodeck - Doctor's Family Programme Beta-Rho] I live here, Jeffrey, in case you've forgotten. Am I interrupting something? I'd like to get to know your friends. Larg, K'kath, please sit down. What is that? You're holding something. Yes. What is it? Why do you boys have a knife? Hmm. (The EMH holds out his hand, and Larg gives him the knife, hilt first.) I happen to know something about Klingon rituals, and I believe this is actually a dagger of kut'luch. Isn't it? Well? This dagger is used in a ritual of violence. A first blood-letting in preparation for becoming a warrior. Who's supposed to use this? Well? Is one of you preparing for the kut'luch ceremony? I'm waiting for an answer. I don't think so. I'm going to have to ask you boys to leave. And don't bring a weapon into this house again. What exactly have I ruined? You were going to use that knife, weren't you? Did they talk you into some kind of ritual violence? You were going to attack someone, draw blood, just so you could appear daring in the eyes of your friends? Jeffrey, how can I make you understand that what you are going to do is wrong. I am your father and I expect you to be guided by my ethical standards. If you expect to live in this household you will abide by the rules. Jeffrey, think about this. What is it? What's happened? Doctor Findlay and I operated on her for three hours. We've tried everything. We shut down one haemorrhage and another starts. She suffered severe cranial trauma. It's compromised her brain stem and motor cortex. No matter how we try to control the vascular injuries, blood clots keep forming. The haemorrhaging is intractable. Unfortunately, the brain is still a somewhat mysterious organ. There's nothing more to be done. Nothing medical, anyway. Belle. Yes, I'm here. You took a tumble, hit your head. No, because we gave you some medicine. Yes. Computer, end programme! [Sickbay] (Kes enters.) Yes. I did, thank you. Good job. [Doctor's office] I suppose they're fine. I've actually finished the programme. Well, I got what I needed from the experience. It was thoroughly pleasurable, of course, but to continue would be a waste of time. Well, if I ever create a new family, I'll be sure to invite you. [Bridge]  Your hard head has protected you again, Lieutenant. It was only a mild concussion. I'm sure it was. And it's a wonder you're not dead. People like you who court danger should be thrown into the brig. You never think of the consequences of your actions, the effect they might have on others. Oh, no, live for the moment, take risks you shouldn't. I'm sorry. I. It's my family. My daughter Belle had an accident. She's a child who tends to take risks. She's going to die. I'll be all right. I shut down the programme. I'm not going back. I couldn't begin to face it. It was too difficult. Well, fortunately, I do. I fail to see why not.  Computer, continue Doctor's Family Programme Beta-Rho, from the last point of deactivation. [Holodeck - hospital room] (Holding Belle's hand.) I'm not sure. You're a very sick girl. You, you're too sick to get better. Yes. I'll stay right here, I promise. (Charlene and Jeffery enter.) It's all right. Go to sleep. We're all right here. (Belle dies. Charlene, Jeffery and the EMH hug each other and weep.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Mister Paris. Voyager's pilot, medic, and occasional thorn in my side. Where have you been hiding yourself? New holonovel? Mister Paris meet Lana, my blushing bride. Oh, you should be flattered. We took a page from your book and eloped. I decided I couldn't get married without a name. It was Lana's grandfather's name. Frankly, Mister Paris, I'm surprised you'd even ask. I thought we were beyond those sorts of distinctions. Speaking of which, where is that wife of yours? (She is talking to Janeway.) What are your symptoms? For thirty three years you fought me every time you were due for a physical. Now you ask me to give you one ahead of schedule? That's all? Hmm. The good news is you're as healthy as you were the first day I examined you. No, I don't suppose we did. Wonderful. You should try it. I can only hope she ages as gracefully as you have. I, of course, will be the same handsome hologram twenty years from now as I am today. We've been testing it at Starfleet Medical to determine if it can protect biomatter from tachyon radiation. It's very promising. Why do you ask? Why? Of course, Admiral. You'll have it by oh nine hundred. Relax, Mister Paris. Can she stand? (Torres is putting on a coat.) Then I suggest you report to Sickbay. (Paris heads for the door.) Her, too. Hmm. You're going to have a very healthy baby, but not tonight. You're experiencing false labour, Lieutenant. As I explained the last time, it's a common occurrence, especially among Klingons. Misdirected rage. Another common occurrence among Klingons. I wouldn't recommend it You think it's bad now? [Ready room]  Icheb's an exceptionally bright young man. Did it occur to you that he might simply be a better player? I am detecting lower neuropeptide levels. It's a minor change. We knew it would happen. I simply have to increase your medication. Commander. I understand your desire for privacy, but maybe it's time we informed the captain. Of course. [Astrometrics lab] (A game of remote Kadis-kot is in progress.) You did the right thing. His condition's never been associated with violent behaviour, What are you concerned about, Tuvok? Whose? Stardate 53317. If my memory files are accurate, that was the day Captain Janeway was abducted by the Kellidians. Is that who you're talking about, Tuvok? Captain Janeway? No, you solved that mystery, Tuvok. You rescued the captain and brought her back to Voyager safe and sound. Remember? Unfortunately, she's out of town right now. I'm not sure when she'll be back.  Voyager to Pathfinder. Come in, Pathfinder. I know. Did she tell you where she was going? I'm not sure. I paid a visit to Tuvok this morning. He seemed to think that she was in some sort of danger. Yes, but I've been worried about the admiral, too. Two days ago, she asked me for a large quantity of an experimental medication. When I asked her why she needed it, she said it was classified. I spoke to Director Okaro at Starfleet Intelligence. He assured me that the admiral hasn't been involved in any classified work since she began teaching at the Academy. Maybe. But still. She's been talking for months about how excited she is to be teaching with you. Then, just as the semester begins, she goes away without even telling you where. Don't you find that a little strange? You're stammering, Reg. I haven't heard you do that in years. I think you do know where she is. You wouldn't be saying that unless she was doing something dangerous. Tell me where she is, Reg. [Cavern] (Admiral Janeway beams in.)  You're fine, aside from some minor inflammation around your biradial clamp. Let me know if it starts to bother you. Is there something else? How could I forget. Has it been giving you trouble again? I've been hoping you would. Actually, in anticipation of your change of heart, I've been studying the problem in more detail. I now believe I can reconfigure the microcircuitry with a single procedure. You'll be free to experience the full ranges of emotions. Everything from a hearty belly laugh to a good cry. Today, if you'd like. It's a date. Speaking of dates. Once the fail-safe is gone, you'll be free to pursue more intimate relationships. If you decide you need help with that aspect of your humanity, I'm always at your disposal. Really? Ah, of course. You'll undoubtedly be running more simulations with the Chakotay hologram. My scans of the Admiral's cerebral cortex turned up something interesting, I'm not sure. I've never seen this kind of implant before. The microcircuitry has a Starfleet signature. Admiral? I'm sorry, Admiral, I didn't realise. So, this implant I'm going to invent. What does it do? Fascinating. Tell me, what other extraordinary breakthroughs am I going to make? Sorry, Captain, but you can't blame a hologram for being curious. Yes, ma'am. My scans indicate the two of you are genetically identical. The admiral is you, approximately twenty six years from now. (Seven enters.) Her cortical node was exposed to a low-energy EM surge. It could have been much worse. Is that supposed to be reassuring? Try to relax, Lieutenant. I hope you don't intend to kiss your baby with that mouth. This isn't another false alarm. Don't celebrate yet. Klingon labour sometimes lasts several days. (Torres screams) Of course, I'm sure that won't be the case here. Sickbay to the bridge. (There is a baby crying in background. Kim chuckles.) [Sickbay]  Doctor to Lieutenant Paris. There's someone here who'd like to say hello. [Bridge]
Activate the bio-temporal chamber.  [Sickbay, 2379] (A young man, a young woman in a Starfleet uniform, and the EMH with hair are gathered around a biobed.) Not if you don't all clear out of here and let me do my work. This is a very delicate procedure, and I could use some peace and quiet. I wish I'd told you this before, but better late than never. You're the finest friend I've ever had. Prepare to bring the bio-temporal chamber online. We'll begin in approximately five minutes. (Earlier) What is it? Kes? How are you feeling? You're in Sickbay. Do you know who I am? Do you know my name? That's right. Well, I'm not sure I've ever said that, exactly, but, that doesn't mean it's not true. Tell me what you do remember. Good. I'm afraid you're confused. I discussed the bio-temporal chamber with you, but we're not ready to put you inside it just yet. Can you recall anything else, besides those people you saw? Anything else about your life? Go find the rest of your family. (Chakotay enters as Andrew runs out.) I'm afraid Kes is getting worse, Captain. Her amnesia is near total. Fewer than one percent of her engrams remain intact. It's as if her memory were wiped clean. Maybe. I've never treated a nine year old Ocampan before. For all I know, it's a perfectly normal part of their aging process. A few weeks ago she was a healthy woman, but this morilogium comes on abruptly and then progresses with a rapidity I've never seen before. As I told you, it's a completely revolutionary procedure. I have no idea if it'll work. Under normal circumstances I'd want to perform extensive tests on the apparatus, but we're losing her too fast. If I don't try it now, it may be too late. If we're lucky it may buy her another year. No wonder. Your temperature has dropped to fourteen point eight, almost two degrees below normal. I'm not sure. CHAKOTAY? What? Her cells are in a state of bio-temporal flux. I don't understand how that could be happening before I put her in the chamber.  I've been expecting this. She's lost more than ninety eight percent of her memory engrams. Not if l can help it. Tom, we're losing her. If we do nothing, a matter of weeks. But I'm working on something to extend her lifespan. It involves treating her with a bio-temporal field in order to push her cells back to an earlier stage of entropic decay. [Doctor's office]  It's highly experimental, but if it works, it might buy her some time. Kes, it's possible the morilogium is causing you to experience delusions. I want you to lie down. Her body temperature has dropped two point seven degrees. [Mess hall] (Neelix, in Starfleet uniform, is bringing out a blue-covered cake.) Andrew, stop monopolising your grandmother's time. There are other people who'd like to wish her happy birthday, you know. It's amazing to think that you weren't even a year old when we first met. Not much older than Andrew. What is it? Why do you think I'd ever make such an assumption? Of course. Can you be more specific? As far as I know, none of that happened. Is it possible you were dreaming? I hate to say this, but it's possible these strange experiences you're having are related to the onset of the morilogium. How could you possibly know about that? I only came up with the idea for the bio-temporal chamber this morning. I was going to tell you about it today, here at the party, as a sort of birthday surprise. I don't know, but we'd better get you to Sickbay and find out. [Sickbay] (Paris and Chakotay are also there.) She appears to have lost more than ninety five percent of her memory engrams. I don't know. I have no basis for comparison. No other Ocampans on board. There is another possibility. Given that Kes has knowledge of a treatment I have not yet devised, it's possible she's developed some sort of precognition. And precognition wouldn't be unprecedented. Some species, including the Yattho of the Beta quadrant, have been known to predict future events with uncanny accuracy. Well you may have lost your memories, but you certainly haven't lost your determination. (Or the knowledge of how to use the ship's computers.) [Kes's quarters] (There are lots of PADDs scattered about.) Is there any discernable pattern to these jumps? Hmm. Now this could explain a thing or two. I'm detecting high level chroniton radiation in your cells. Yes. However, everyone was left with trace amounts of the radiation in their bodies. For some reason, those residual chronitons have reactivated in Kes. My thinking exactly. It's really quite obvious, Lieutenant. Your wife is travelling backward through time. [Briefing room] (Chakotay and Tuvok are there, too.) In approximately six months, I will apparently expose Kes to some type of bio-temporal field in a highly experimental but nonetheless brilliant attempt to stop her aging process. What I will apparently fail to realise is that the bio-temporal field is going to reactivate the dormant chroniton particles in her cells, bringing Kes out of temporal sync with the rest of us. Yes. Purge her completely of the chroniton poisoning. Worse than that, Mister Paris. It's possible she may eventually jump back to a time before she even existed. Kes, I may have found a way to prevent your next jump. I've erected a containment field that may keep you here. It's going to require your confinement in Sickbay. Evidently my interest in the great figures of art and culture will be an ongoing process. I'm afraid that wouldn't be advisable. (The EMH leaves them alone.) What is it. Kes' temperature has dropped one point nine degrees. Linnis, monitor the containment field. I'm going to try to elevate her temperature. (The EMH goes through the forcefield and administers a hypo.) Her temperature's still dropping. Increase the field amplitude. We're losing her. Set field polarisation to maximum. (Kes and Paris reach out to each other.)  Kes, how are you coming with those analgesic compounds? I beg your pardon? According to Kes, she and the rest of the crew will be infected by chroniton radiation in approximately eleven months from now. Everyone will be inoculated and the effects will appear to vanish. However, some five years later, when I attempt an experimental and, I might add, ingenious procedure to extend her lifespan, the bio-temporal field I expose her to will trigger dormant chroniton particles, taking Kes out of temporal sync and causing her to begin her backward journey through time. Kes has been able to provide us with the precise temporal variance of the torpedo which infected her. Pulse normal, body temperature fourteen degrees, chroniton level at seventy nine roentgens. Go ahead and activate the chamber, Lieutenant. Increase the bio-temporal field stress. Alright, let's try the anti-chronitons. Initiating anti-chroniton burst, ten MEVs, five second pulse. Pulse steady, body temperature at fourteen point two degrees, and rising. Chroniton count is seventy one roentgens and dropping. Lieutenant Torres, increase the field strength to thirty kilodynes. Initiating another burst. Fifteen MEVs, five second pulse. Body temperature fourteen point nine degrees, chroniton count sixty eight roentgens, sixty, fifty seven, fifty two. [Ready room - 2371]  Fifty one roentgens, forty six, thirty four. Another anti-chroniton burst, twenty MEVs. Levels are continuing to drop. Pulse normal, body temperature steady at sixteen point three degrees, chroniton levels are at zero roentgens. Welcome back, Kes. The same age you were when we put you into the bio-temporal chamber. A healthy three years and two months. And due to an extraordinary display of medical heroics, you're back in temporal sync with the rest of us. [Holodeck - Paxau resort] I realise it's only hypothetical, but still I'd be curious to know what sorts of medical breakthroughs I'm going to make in this possible future.
I'm a doctor, not a performer. I don't have time for such nonsense. I don't think so. I would? I want to discuss the details of my participation on your programme. I've been giving it a great deal of thought, and I've come up with a number of ideas I think you'll find quite intriguing. But I've already prepared today's topic. How to keep your nostrils happy. You mean I'm not going to appear today? Hmm. But I will be on tomorrow? Very well. But tomorrow I'll want to cover two topics. I have a most entertaining idea. Uncovering the hidden mysteries of the adrenal gland. This one's not badly hurt. Twenty milligrams impedrazine. (Jonas is on a biobed.) Treat him with the dermal regenerator. Ah, the situation has been stabilised. None of the victims is in danger any longer. One of the patients? I'd think you'd be more interested in my assessment of the medical situation. Yes. The first task is to triage, or to assess the relative condition of each of the victims, and then to prioritise treatment accordingly. I wasn't finished. Next, the treatment per se must be supervised Er. [Bridge] So, there you are. I've been looking for you, Mister Neelix. You again neglected to include me in your news programme. If you remember, I was to have two segments today because I was excluded yesterday. In the interest of time, I'm willing to forgo my story on the adrenal gland. I will concentrate instead on my latest idea. The Klingon glottis, friend or foe? That's what you said yesterday.
An impromptu auditory exam. With flying colours, which leads me to believe you did hear me when I requested you meet me this morning. (Paris turns off the transistor radio.) I see. I realise your Sickbay training is purely voluntary, but you haven't spent any time there in several weeks. And when I try to find you, you're always in the holodeck. That's beside the point. If an emergency were to happen you must be prepared. You're too far behind in your medical texts to be wasting your time in the holodeck. Really. You'll be ready for neurosurgery in no time. Medieval safety constraints, internal combustion system producing lethal levels of carbon monoxide. Hmm. I stand corrected. This may be just what you need to get you back to Sickbay. This isn't about fun, Mister Paris. Serving in Sickbay is a privilege. I'd expect you to realise that.  You're early, Mister Paris. I see some good came from my report to Commander Chakotay. Let's put these extra few minutes to good use. Begin with a thorough biobed diagnostic. I want you to recalibrate each physiosensor, making sure to enter each metabolic referent precisely. When you're through with that, run a protein structure analysis and then continue your review of the thirty seven steps of a cardiopulmonary reconstruction procedure. I'll leave you to your Mister Paris. I realise it's complicated, but you must try again. How fortunate you're already in Sickbay. I'll run a few scans. You're here to learn, Mister Paris. It will get easier with time. Excuse me? Do you mean to tell me you've been trying to live up to my standards? It all makes sense now. The misplaced aggression, the shirking of responsibilities. All classic signs of an inferiority complex. I had no idea my superior abilities were affecting your psyche so strongly. Take the rest of the day off. Reflect on your strengths. Realise your worth.  Neurological scans yielded very little, but I did find something very interesting in his blood analysis. There are traces of a second DNA pattern in his nucleotide structure. Possibly the result of a genetic virus. I don't know, but I'm running more scans to see how this might have affected his neurological functions. All in a day's work. But who knows if that's the end of it? We have no idea how long she or he has been switching identities.
He appears to be in a coma, but I'm reading unusual synaptic activity. I don't know. I'd like to know what he's been doing the last few weeks. Where he's worked, away missions.  I've found several microfractures in his cranium. They're minor, but the pattern suggests he suffered a trauma of some sort. There's also evidence of subdermal contusions along his right shoulder. If this keeps up, I may have to open a special coma ward. You'd better find a way to protect the rest of the Maquis. I'm running out of beds. [Mess hall] Doctor to Commander Tuvok. Report to Sickbay immediately. I thought you might like to have a few words with Mister Tabor. I didn't. His synaptic pathways stabilised on their own. We need to get you to Sickbay so I can run Attacking them how?  It's Chakotay. I'm not sure. Sickbay to Commander Chakotay. Computer, locate Chakotay.
That's because it took a direct hit when one of your bullets grazed the base of her skull. Not until I've repaired her injuries. She has two fractured vertebrae and a punctured lung. Another hour at least. I've stabilised his vital systems, but he still has bullet fragments lodged in his shoulder. This time you might do a better job repairing the muscle lacerations. The last crewmember you treated was brought back in with internal bleeding. What do you expect? They've been stabbed, shot, beaten, phasered and bat'lethed over the past three weeks. Their bodies weren't designed for this kind of punishment. (The Hirogen Alpha enters.) You assured me that your people would avoid causing serious head injuries. Another centimetre and the bullet would have penetrated her brain. If you can't keep your people under control, then you should put an end to this blood sport. At least activate the holodeck safety protocols. It'll prevent life-threatening injuries for your people as well. I have had twenty eight wounded and one fatality in the past twelve hours. Even I can't keep up with that level of triage. Ensign, how did I get here? I assume you've got a plan? Let's hear it. Easier said than done. The great Hunters are everywhere you turn. The catch, Ensign? We're short-handed. Well, we've got a Borg on board, don't we? Maybe we can put her to good use. [Ready room] (Redecorated in the Hirogen style. The Hirogen SS officer enters.)  Remain calm and stay quiet. There's a Hirogen working in the bio-lab. He might hear us. What's the last thing you remember? Then you have no memory of the simulations in the holodeck? The neural interface must be circumventing your memory centres. It's a subdermal transmitter that links your neocortex to the holodeck. In essence, it makes you believe you're a character within the programme. You were wounded in a simulation. It's my job to patch you all up and send you back in. Half the crew is under lock and key. The rest are fighting for their lives on the holodeck. This has been going on for nineteen days. Dozens of battle scenarios, one more brutal than the last. You should see what a mess you were after the Crusades. Yes, but this time with an advantage. I have found a way to disable the interface by remodulating one of your Borg implants to emit a jamming signal. Once the Hirogen have brought you back to the holodeck, the jamming signal will activate within seconds. You mind a control panel inside the holodeck and engage the bridge access relays. That will enable Ensign Kim and me to deactivate all the neural interfaces. After Captain Janeway and the crew regain awareness, you can work with them to mount a resistance against the Hirogen. World War Two. A twentieth century Earth conflict. Do you know anything about it? That could be a problem. Once the interface is disabled, you won't remember anything about your role in the simulation. Think of it as a new social setting. Do your best to fit in. I have to sedate you now. [Le Coeur de Lion]  We've got to stop meeting like this. My Hirogen taskmaster is working in the bio-lab. I'll have access to the medical console for another twenty minutes at least. Er, nothing. Just running a diagnostic. His injuries are minor. He can wait. This man has massive internal injuries. If I don't operate now, he'll die. What kind of physician are you? The first rule of triage states that the critical injuries take priority. The controls are routed through the surgical console in Sickbay, but it will take time to disable all of them. Charges? The Hirogen have seized the armoury. Holographic explosives? With the Klingons? Please, don't do that. [Le Coeur de Lion] Now what? All right, all right, hold on. I've established an interface with holodeck one. I want to monitor what's going on over there in case the crew needs my help. Not having a cure for Klingon hangovers, I couldn't tell you. You heard him. Don't argue with the man, run along! I'll reattach any severed limbs. Just don't misplace them. Tally-ho.  [Ready room]  I've been monitoring the other simulation, and the fighting's getting worse. The crew is taking heavy casualties. I'll transfer my programme to holodeck one. You take the Jefferies tube and meet me there. Nevertheless we have to try and. Even half drunk, Klingons are among the best warriors in the galaxy. Then you'll just have to convince them that there's a more important battle to be waged. You are their Great Warrior. Lead them. They're Klingons, not kittens.(Neelix snatches the leg of meat from one Klingon's hand and throws it in the campfire..) Qapla', gentlemen. Qapla'! (Neelix and the EMH stay under a cafe awning as the rain pours. The Kapitan knocks down Paris, then a Klingon kills him.) [Corridor]
 I've been looking forward to my holodeck time all week. Why can't you borrow three hours from someone else? A romantic getaway. Well, ordinarily I wouldn't hesitate to oblige but I've been looking forward to indulging myself in a new hobby. Something human doctors have been enjoying for centuries. (He picks up a golf club and ball.) I've already booked a tee time. Fine. Take my three hours. So, what programme are you planning to run? I've heard of that. The vacation paradise that makes Risa look like a tourist trap. TORRES Endless kilometres of crystalline beaches, mood reefs, bioluminescent waterfalls. And a championship golf course, if I'm not mistaken. Why don't I just join you? Don’t be so sure. You haven’t seen me in a bathing suit. [Irina's ship] Here to rub salt in the wound? I planned to be putting the greens at Saint Andrews. Instead I’m putting into beakers in Sickbay, thanks to you. Oh, don’t be coy. I’ve already approved your time off. What race? I was referring to your romantic getaway. Don’t tell me you forgot. What for? Maybe I can get that tee time back. (He finally gets a ball into the beaker.) [Engineering] His condition's stabilising. I should be able to start dermal regeneration in a few hours.
Therapeutic massage can be an effective treatment for insomnia, Lieutenant, but we need to get to the cause of your sleeplessness if we're going to find a more permanent solution. Can you be more specific? Hmm. Acute work related anxiety. Perhaps I should speak to the captain about reducing your schedule. You are an invaluable member of this crew, Mister Barclay. I took the liberty of reviewing his personnel file. He's had a rather colourful career, not to mention an unusual medical history. He's recovered from a variety of maladies, including transporter phobia and holo-addiction.
 Dermal stimulator, please. (Chakotay has been transformed into a Vidiian.) If you think this is remarkable, you should see me remove a bunion. (Tuvok enters.) Using tissue from your counterpart, I can replicate the Klingon DNA, then over the course of several days, I'll reintegrate that genetic material into your cellular structure. That's precisely what I'm saying. Your cell's ability to synthesis proteins has been severely compromised. You need the Klingon genes to survive. I'll get started on the DNA.
 We're not going to hurt you. (One of them has a laser scalpel to Seven's throat.) I'm sure we can resolve this without resorting to violence. What is it you want? I might be able to arrange that, but you'll have to release her first. Who are you? If that were true, he wouldn't be holding my friend hostage. (Seven elbows Iko in the stomach and is free, so he grabs the EMH instead.) I'm a hologram. I can't be harmed. (Tuvok fires his phaser through the EMH and stuns Iko.) EMH: I think you proved my point. [Ready room]  Thirty more seconds and I could have resolved the situation peacefully. Instead, you and Tuvok the Kid had to take matters into your own hands. (The EMH flickers.) Commander Tuvok's friendly fire must have caused a feedback surge in my emitters. It doesn't feel right. I was referring to the arrangement the captain's made with the Nygeans. No matter how terrible the crimes these men committed, it seems wrong to hand them over to be executed. This is a Federation Starship, not the Barge of the Dead. Of course not. They're dangerous men. So would life sentences, the operative word being life. What about rehabilitation? Given the chance, some of these men might become productive members of society one day. And that justifies taking their lives? An eye for an eye? It's not justice, it's revenge. Quite frankly, I'm surprised you're not troubled by such a barbaric system. Well, this is one occasion when my programming won't allow me to be objective. Killing is wrong, no matter who's doing it. [Cargo Bay one] The Nygeans decided to make an example of him. I called you here because I need your help to save his life. He sustained a severe blow to the head which has caused severe oedema in his parietal lobe. It's blocking vital neurotransmitters. I'd like to programme some of your nanoprobes to bypass the oedema. I sense a but coming. If the Nygeans insist on killing him, there isn't much I can do about it. But I won't let them do it on Voyager. [Cargo Bay one] Don't thank me, thank Seven of Nine. She donated the nanoprobes that saved your life. The pain is normal. I'll prepare an analgesic. (The EMH walks through the forcefield.) Because my matrix is photonic. I'm made of light. I'll be with you in just a moment. Well, I suppose my pride has been wounded on occasion. Try to rest. (He walks through security forcefield.) EMH: Mister Iko responded so well to the first dose of nanoprobes, I thought a second might improve his condition further. It'll only take a moment to extract them. It's the strangest thing. When he first arrived he was crude, abusive. Now he's a model patient. Grateful, considerate. Still, if it weren't for the security detail, I'd forget he was a criminal. What's the matter? I'm not detecting anything. What's wrong? Nausea could be a symptom of guilt. You could die. We applied the Borg technology. It's possible there were some unforeseen side effects. Look at this. (Cerebral Scan 1027) It's my most recent scan. The neurotransmitters have established new pathways throughout his cortex. No, I was simply trying to bypass the oedema. I don't know. It's possible this is normal Nygean brain activity, but I have no basis for comparison. Seven? I found something. Now look at this scan of Iko's node before we applied the nanoprobes. It's detached. No, I believe it's congenital. A birth defect. When I used Seven's nanoprobes to treat the injuries from the assault, it seems they inadvertently repaired the defect as well. There's more to it than that. I believe he's become capable of controlling his violent impulses. Even the thought of violence makes him ill now. In my opinion, he's no longer a threat to anyone. Of course not. But at the very least his case should be re-examined. If Iko had been diagnosed and treated, he never would have committed that crime. In a matter of speaking, he's a victim of his own biology.
Three or four months. However, they are still connected to each other. Somehow, the left parietal lobes of their brains have been transformed into organic interlink nodes. They've become linked together into a sort of Collective Triad. How's that different from life in the Collective? The modifications are too extensive. Their neuronal pathways have been fundamentally altered.  I'll be monitoring your neural readings while you're in the link, but I'm not certain I'll be able to counter the effects if you become trapped. It's never a good sign when the patient feels the need to comfort the doctor. Good luck. (All four drones step into alcoves.) Somehow they broke their link with Seven. They're malfunctioning. Help me get them to Sickbay. [Sickbay]  When they broke the connection with you, it must have overloaded their cortical implants. They went into neural shock. I think I know why. You said you remembered injecting them with nanoprobes eight years ago. Well, it seems to have had an unfortunate side effect. Their higher brain functions were somehow tied into the interlink. When they broke their connection with you in the cargo bay, the shock to their cognitive systems was too great. I can remove the microcortical implants. That would break the link binding them together, but it would also kill them. They'd only live a matter of weeks. A month at the most. They could be returned to the Borg. If they were reassimilated into the Collective, they would regain consciousness, and then live out a normal life span. As drones. But they'd be alive, Seven. [Astrometrics lab] I beg your pardon? I understand that you feel a certain responsibility for these patients, but as their physician, so do I. It's my duty to preserve their lives for as long as possible, even if that means Are you thinking of what's best for them, or for you? You said it yourself. You made a mistake. And Seven of Nine doesn't like to make mistakes. She strives for perfection. I want you to think about the motivation behind your decision. Are you doing what's right for those three people, or are you trying to alleviate the guilt you feel over what happened eight years ago? Yes. I suppose I would. Survival is insufficient. [Mess hall]
Get the blood-gas infuser. Equipment storage unit two, second shelf on the left. Now! (Chakotay goes for the equipment.) Hold him still. (The EMH tranquillises Neelix.) He's going into a coma. (Chakotay returns with the small device.) The infuser will keep his oxygen levels stable for the next hour or so, but after that he'll die. His lungs have been removed. (A little later, Paris is moving equipment around and Janeway is being brought up to date.) The blood gas infuser will keep him alive for another forty seven minutes. The only chance for his survival I see at the moment is to get his own lungs back. His respiratory system is directly linked to multiple points along his spinal column. It's too complex to replicate. I may be able to surgically reattach the organs if we get them back. In the meantime I'll have to search for other options. Mister Paris, did they teach you how to run a respiratory series in your bio-chemistry classes at the Academy? Fine, I'll run it myself. Get me a pulmonary scanner. (to Kes) I'm going to have to ask you to leave. All right, just keep out of the way. [Cavern] It's up to thirty two percent. Lets see if we can stabilise those levels. Get me a cytoplasmic stimulator. Then replicate one. (Paris hesitates) The design schematics are in the ship's medical database. The man drives a seven hundred thousand ton starship so somebody thinks he'd make a good medic. A transplant is not an option. No one on board is a compatible match for a Talaxian. (The EMH walks past his office to where Paris is using the replicator.) We're going to need a completely new way to oxygenate his blood supply and relay neuro-electrical impulses. Our replicators can't produce compatible artificial organs for him, but maybe there's a way to mimic their functions and give us direct control of his respiratory system. Computer, is there an identification matrix on Mister Neelix from the last time he used the transporter? Transfer it to console four. (Paris and the EMH return to the ward.) I'm using the transporter matrix to get exact specifications for Neelix's lungs. We can't. But if I can reconfigure my emitter array I might be able to create a pair of holographic lungs for Mister Neelix. If it's successful, we can precisely control his pulmonary functions to allow normal breathing. Now, you hit me. (Paris's hand passes through the EMH's head.) The magnetic containment field that creates the illusion of my body can be modulated to allow matter to pass through it or be stopped. I might be able to modulate the holographic lungs in the same way, allowing oxygen and carbon dioxide to pass from the lungs to the blood stream. There's no time to explain the exact procedure to you right now. The risk is that it won't work, and if it doesn't he'll die. But it is his only immediate chance for survival. If he does survive, he'll have to be held motionless in an isotropic restraint. The lungs need to be perfectly aligned to his internal physiology. The computer won't be able to compensate for any body movement whatsoever. For the rest of his life, unless the holo-lungs can be replaced by his original organs. And he will never be able to leave the holographic environment of this room. The holo-lungs would disappear the moment he went out the door. One micron would be preferable, but I suppose it'll have to do. Initiating the holographic emitter array. Computer, activate programme Neelix One. Deactivate the infuser. Here we go. Yes, and they're working perfectly, if I do say so myself. Try to breath normally. I don't know. This is an unprecedented medical procedure. We will be closely monitoring your condition. Unless Captain Janeway is successful in retrieving your original lungs, you'll have to stay in the isotropic restraint indefinitely. Yes. I didn't design the room, I just work here. I'm a doctor, Mister Neelix, not a decorator. (to Kes) Perhaps you would be willing to accommodate his aesthetic needs. Visiting hours are over. He needs rest. Seventeen hundred hours. Not a minute before. Don't worry, I'm not going to kiss you, I'm only adjusting the restraint. What is it, Mister Neelix? Yes? An itch. You're quite welcome. I'm not leaving, Mister Neelix, I'm simply going back to work. You are all alone. I'm a holographic projection. A projection with a lot of work to do, I might add. There's nothing you can do except lie there and be quiet. You know that's impossible. Mister Neelix, you are alive. You are breathing and for the moment your condition is stable. That is more than most people can say in your situation. Now it is critical to your recovery that you not subject yourself to any additional stress. Try to calm down. You're hyperventilating. Try to take slow, natural breaths. Good. If you don't mind I'd like you to remain in sickbay so you're here when he wakes up. Me? Of course I'm agitated. This entire situation is getting out of control. First they tell me there's no doctor, so I have to be on call twenty four hours a day. And then they tell me there are no nurses so I have no one to assist me. Like I said, no one to assist me. And now I have a patient with severe and possibly long term emotional problems and there's no counsellor on board. I am an emergency medical supplement. A supplement, that's all. I wasn't programmed for any of this. It's just unacceptable. I've only done what the programme allows me to. It may seem that way to you. You're very kind. They learn from experience. I have the capacity to accumulate and process data, yes. Have you ever considered a career in medicine? (beep) Neelix is starting to regain consciousness. [Engineering] Believe me, I wish I weren't. Wait a minute. We've already considered this. Talaxian physiology is different from that of anyone else on this ship. His immune system would reject their lungs immediately. It's all right. The operation was a success. Neelix is asleep and breathing on his own now. With your lung. That will pass. You'll soon adapt to diminished lung capacity. I spoke to the Captain about you. She's given me permission to begin training you as a medical assistant. You'll be a back-up for Mister Paris, or possibly a replacement. That is, assuming you're interested. We'll begin your lessons as soon as you've fully recovered. Thank you. You've given me a lot to think about.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Please state the nature. If there has been a change in the official dress code I certainly wish someone would have informed me. I see. May I assume your haste is an indication that you have a medical problem of some kind. Ah yes, the mechanical man. Kes told me about it. Fascinating. Die? What kind of energy source are we talking about? Hmm. Like diseased blood. Have you considered a transfusion? Aren't Voyager's engines powered by warp plasma? Which ordinarily would kill the unfortunate Bolian, but there have been instances when artificial blood was unavailable and existing blood cells were genetically altered for inter-species transfusions. Go on. That's exactly what I was going to suggest. [Engineering]
It's a simple process, really. She died of a cancerous growth on the brain stem. I removed the tumour, replicated new neural tissue and used the standard Starfleet postmortem resuscitation technique for a class five life form. She wasn't covered with it, exactly. The biopolymer is a by-product of her own tissues. As her tissues decayed, the cell membranes broke down into a biopolymer resin which was then excreted by her epidermal layer. My guess is it's a natural decomposition process for this species. Were probably the result of other bodies that had decomposed and left a residual membrane. In essence, Commander, you were strolling through dead bodies. Yes, of course. Kes, two cc's of netinaline. (Kes gives the EMH the hypo and he administers it.) Hello. Sick bay to Captain Janeway. Our guest has regained consciousness, and she is a little calmer this time. Two cc's cordrazine. (There is a long pause, then Kim gasps and opens his eyes.) Relax, Mister Kim. Everything's fine. You're alive. [Mess hall] (Kim is alone, picking at a meal, when Janeway enters.)
She has second degree burns on her lungs. I'll need to do a pulmonary regeneration. Oxygen deprivation. We've got to get her breathing. Try ten milligrammes pulmazine. Twenty milligrammes. (Torres gasps.) Yes. Another patient snatched from the jaws of death.  Well, the good news is I won't have to quarantine you. There's no sign of an infectious agent anywhere in your body. If I don't find the cause of this rash, it will be difficult to treat. I've never considered dreams as a diagnostic tool before. Your unconscious mind sensed these developing symptoms and tried to provide an explanation? Such recurrences of this particular illness are rare, but I will consider the possibility. Hmm. In addition to your visible symptoms, your blood chemistry has been slightly altered. No, but it's not consistent with the symptoms of the Mendakan pox. Such as? I'd certainly call that atypical behaviour. Your scans haven't shown any neurological abnormalities, but I will run a closer analysis. Good morning, Lieutenant. I've treated you for second and third degree burns and several broken ribs. I expect you'll make a full recovery after you've spent at least one more day in Sickbay. I'm afraid I'm going to have to cut visiting hour short. Ensign, you can go. I'll contact you with the results of my analysis. It's a positive match. These genetic fragments within Ensign Kim's DNA are clearly Taresian. I went back and checked his scans carefully. These fragments have apparently been disguising themselves as the recessive elements which normally within all DNA, but over the past few days they've become increasingly dominant over his human genes. Yes, by forming neural connections in his brain. All humanoid babies are born with certain instinctive knowledge. How to recognise the shape of a face, how to hold their breath underwater. It all comes from their genes. It's scientifically plausible, but quite a feat of genetic engineering. And he's becoming more like them every day, both physically and neurologically. Ah, Captain. When you raised some concerns regarding the Taresians, I began questioning their story about Ensign Kim's birth. I did, and he does. At least, he does now. But when I checked his previous microcellular scans, I found no traces of the Taresian genetic fragments. I can only conclude that he wasn't born with them. Yes, although maybe not for long. The alien DNA is continuing to alter his genetic structure. Within a few days he'll be indistinguishable from a native Taresian. The most likely transfer method would be a retrovirus. He was probably exposed during an away mission. They may very well have, but once the virus transferred the DNA into his cells, killing the messenger wouldn't have helped. Indeed there is. The transporter buffer performs it's own version of a microcellular scan every time someone uses it. I reviewed the logs and found the first appearance of the alien genes in his molecular pattern on stardate 50698. He might have been infected by something he ate or drank, even something he touched.
Lie still. No doubt you're feeling wonderful. Your beta endorphins are abnormally elevated. You've been spending a lot of time on the generational ship. Do you recall coming into contact with any toxins? Antimatter radiation? Maybe something in one of their medical bays. A biological agent? Did you consume any of their cuisine? This could be the work of an alien virus. We'll have to initiate full quarantine protocols. Inform the Captain and request a bio-alert. I'm listening. Encounter? Specifically? You had intimate contact with an alien species without medical clearance? Correction. If you'd been thinking, you would have considered the risks and exercised restraint. Sit down. You'll need a full biomedical workup and your friend will have to come in as well. It is my medical responsibility. Which, I'm sorry to say, also requires me to report this to the Captain. [Ready room]  Chronic sleep loss, acute gastroenteritis. You must feel awful, yet That's hardly the point. Yes, but it could take weeks, even months. Sometimes I think everyone on this ship has been possessed by alien hormones.
Ah, there you are. I have several brilliant ideas for upcoming chapters of your holonovel, as well as a list of revisions and dialogue changes that I believe will improve the earlier installments. No thanks are necessary. In addition, I'm prepared to offer my expertise in the creation of holographic mise-en-scene. Now, wait just a min (The EMH disappears.)
I'd like to request a temporary leave of absence. You remember the Ovions? They just asked me to speak at a Symposium on spaceborne pathogens. There are going to be physicians from all over the Quadrant. This is a rare opportunity for me. And for the rest of the crew. I'd be representing Voyager. Putting our best foot forward, so to speak. And, needless to say hexapods are more likely to know a best foot when they see one. I seem to recall Lieutenant Torres participating in Boray Conference on transwarp theory a few months back. How? I could take a shuttle. That's hardly an effective means of making a presentation. There must be some fascinating anomaly nearby for the crew to explore. Perhaps the Hirogen will keep you occupied long enough for me to attend the Symposium. (Chakotay leaves.) You can't blame a hologram for trying. [Bridge] Acknowledged. : Try to remain calm. He won't let me get close enough. I can't treat the patient if I'm offline. Computer, deactivate EMH. Acknowledged. My programme is destabilising. [Bridge] Return me to my ship. I have patients who are going to die if I don't treat them. My programme doesn't include aiding and abetting murderers. I know what you did at that training facility. Really? You'd be surprised how easy it is not to kill someone. (The human who killed the father and son speaks.) What situation?  They're holograms. When you said wounded, I assumed Maybe so, but I can't heal them. They need to be repaired. I'm a doctor, not an engineer. You've abducted the wrong man. Some. The subroutines controlling his motor functions are degrading. Do you have the ability to transfer data from one hologram to another? A subroutine transplant. We copy the mobility algorithms from another hologram and transfer them to this one. I don't believe we've been formally introduced. That's not Cardassian. If my translation database is functioning properly, I believe that means Freedom. Can you sit up? Try moving your legs. Next patient. Well done. (The Klingon leaves.) But you did it. The Hirogen obviously programmed you with advanced computer skills. Then how did you Quite well, I might add. (The next patient is brought in, a Starfleet woman.) Holographic blood? Why is she experiencing pain? That's barbaric.  I've done what you've asked. I'd like (Iden is praying.) Were you praying? One minute you're fighting the Hirogen, the next you're praying for them? Is there anything in your spiritual programming about making peace with your enemies? So instead, you kill them. You found a way to escape that training facility, but you chose to massacre the Hirogen first. I don't understand. Cunning enough to escape, but once you were free why did you keep fighting? We? We've met them. Enslave may be too strong a word. That's when you decided to liberate the training facility. I'm hardly oppressed. I'm a member of Voyager's crew. In a medical capacity, yes. No. For the most part. I have the respect and admiration of my colleagues. I have rights and privileges aboard Voyager. I need to get back to Voyager. I'm not like you. I wasn't programmed with killer instinct. Please, help me. I don't belong here. (A Hirogen kills them, then aims at him) Don't shoot. I'm unarmed. There's been a mistake. (The Hirogen shoots. The EMH runs into another Hirogen.) I am not your prey. (He throws a weapon at the EMH's feet.) If you'll just contact my captain. (The Hirogen slashes his arm.) Please don't. Let me go.  What, what just happened? What did you do to me? How dare you! You tortured me to gain my sympathy? Why? What are you, besides a handful of thugs roaming the quadrant looking for a fight? Wait. I'd like to hear more about this home you're looking for. (A large hexagonal piece of equipment, sitting in the middle of the room.) What then? Why not just stay here? You've got emitters, shields. Damaged holo-matrices are one thing, but this is way beyond my abilities. But there are people aboard Voyager who could help you. Lieutenant Torres knows a great deal about holo-emitters. That's only because the Hirogen told them you were malfunctioning. Let me talk to Captain Janeway. Explain what's really happened. You can't do this by yourself. Yes, you can. If it weren't for her, I wouldn't be the hologram I am today. Lieutenant Torres. She's our Chief Engineer. [Engineering] Stand down, Captain. The holograms haven't come to fight. They've come to make peace. [Briefing room] If we provide them with a few additional emitters and memory storage units, they'll have more than they need. Captain, these people are on the verge of creating a new life for themselves. They can't do it without our help. I understand your concerns, but these holograms are nothing like the Hirogen. They were also given the ability to adapt. They've changed, moved beyond their programming. If you could see how they've been brutalised, you'd understand that they've only been acting in self-defence. Then you've chosen the wrong side. You're right that it was a mistake to give the Hirogen technology and that mistake has had consequences. These holograms are one of them. In some ways they're a new species, one that you helped create. You can't turn your back on them. We'd be wiping out their memories, their experiences, everything they are. That would be like de-clawing a cat. We'd be taking away any chance they have of defending themselves. You wouldn't even be considering this if they were flesh and blood. Why not? That's exactly what it is. Captain, what are you doing? They're counting on you to help them, not deactivate them. Compassionate for whom? Please reconsider what you're doing.  Mess hall. Belay that. Sickbay. [Sickbay] (The EMH picks up a PADD and puts it on a console, then taps a few buttons.) Doctor to Iden. Respond. I want to help you. I have data on the pulse they intend to use to deactivate you. I think I can help you come up with a defence. I'm transmitting our shield frequencies. You'll need them to beam me off the ship. But you have to promise me, you won't use them to attack Voyager. Because I'm one of you. You're talking about my friends. You gave me your word. What are you doing? She needs to be in Voyager's Sickbay. Why have you done this? And that justifies abducting her? I trusted you. Do you honestly expect her to be sympathetic after what you've done? I came here by choice. And I'm beginning to think it was a mistake. Then send her back. And if she refuses? You're in no condition to pilot a spacecraft. I'm not going back. (The penny drops.) I couldn't just stand by while Captain Janeway tried to deactivate them. No, I didn't know they were going to do that. I'm sorry. I don't think I could go back even if I wanted to. Not after what I've done. I can try to make a new life with the holograms. We share a common heritage. I understand them in ways you never could. Isn't that what you did when you joined the Maquis? How? You saw people who were being oppressed and you came to their defence. That's exactly what I've done. Then why not help them? They'll let you go, as soon as you're well enough. If I didn't, I wouldn't be asking for your help. They don't want you to fight for them. They just want you to modify some technology so they can live in peace. You'd be helping to stop the violence. Just talk to them. Decide for yourself. [Iden's ship - Bridge] You'll have to forgive her. She's I told her about the photonic field generator. I beg your pardon? I suppose I was. In the right direction, I hope. He was trying to kill you. I'm considering returning with Lieutenant Torres when she's ready. Very poetic. It's Y class. Toxic atmosphere, sulphuric deserts, no trees, no life at all. The Hirogen won't be able to follow you here. You certainly won't need a physician. What would I do there? I thought we were in stealth mode. Can we make it to Ha'Dara? What are we going to do? How much longer can we hide? Then what? I've been thinking about what you said. That I can do anything I want when we get there. Quite a few, actually. For one thing, I'd like to expose our people to art and music. I think a more appropriate title would be Minister of Culture. You know, I'm something of an expert on Alpha Quadrant art. Verdi, da Vinci, T'Leel of Vulcan... Well, yes, I suppose. I agree, but we can't ignore where we came from. What about your religion? Based on what? And on the seventh day, Iden created Ha'Dara. Being appreciated is one thing, but I have no interest in being worshipped. What are you doing? The Hirogen will see us as soon as we leave the nebula.  B'Elanna, how's the work coming? I hope so. Iden's been Let's just say he's exhibiting some of the classic signs of megalomania. If that were all it was, I wouldn't be so worried. Apparently he sees himself as some kind of spiritual leader, and he's trying to enlarge his flock. [Hirogen ship] You can't just fire at them. You've just killed two innocent people. Those miners were no threat to you. Listen to yourself. You still believe all organics are like the Hirogen. What you can't see is that you've become no better than the hunters. Lieutenant Torres and I will take that escape pod now. Yes, I do. I can't tell you how sorry I am that I got you involved in this. You don't think he'll give us an escape pod? No, I don't suppose he will. Do you really think it's wise to help her? Iden, let B'Elanna go. You gave me your word. They can't survive down there. For what? First you kill in self-defence, then you murder in cold blood. Now you're going to stage a massacre. So much for evolving beyond your subroutines. Put down the weapon. Hmm. Seems like a long time ago, doesn't it. Put down your weapon. If you've taught me anything, it's that I'm not one of your own. My programming hasn't been altered. I never intended to put Voyager in danger. If nothing else, you have to believe that. If I weren't your only doctor, I imagine you'd confine me to the brig. Confiscating my emitter would be an equivalent to punishment. If that's not enough, you can take away my holodeck privileges. And my autonomy protocols. You've given me extraordinary freedom over the years. I've obviously abused it. I don't know what to say. You'll have it. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Mister Paris, there you are. The Captain has authorised me to recruit someone with advanced medical training to help out in Sickbay. Unfortunately, the most qualified crewmember is you. If that's the title you prefer. It will only be temporary. Three duty shifts a week. Report to Sickbay and oh six hundred hours. Bring a tricorder and a smile.  [Mess hall] He's a hologram. We've got to help him. Ensign, track the source Oh. Well, I'm the obvious choice to provide assistance to a holographic being. I understand. But if this is a hologram, one of my own kind so to speak, I'd like to meet him, study him. I'll bring Lieutenant Torres just to be safe. She knows more about my emitter than anyone. Thank you, Captain.  [Cargo Bay two] That's not what I'm concerned about. I've been questioning the wisdom of leaving Mister Paris in charge of my Sickbay. Well, I suppose you'd know better than I would. You seem to have become good friends. Sorry, I didn't realise I'd struck a nerve. Perhaps you'd like a tranquilliser. That's his ship? Try hailing it. Lifesigns? We're approaching transporter range.  [Command chamber] (Torres and the EMH beam in. It is dark and the emergency lights are flickering. They use their wrist beacons. Torres goes to a wall panel and pulls a component out of it then starts Not yet. For a Klingon, you have a decent bedside manner. I wonder what kind of bedside manner Mister Paris will exhibit? That was a rhetorical question, Lieutenant. (Dejaren advances, hammer in hand.) You might want to consider a career in medicine. (Dejaren disappears and the hammer drops to the deck with a clang. Torres picks it up.) You sent the distress call? We use the term hologram. What happened here? All isomorphic projections? Try to calm down. Explain what happened one step at a time. Mind if I run a quick diagnostic? (The EMH scans Dejaren with his medical tricorder.) I don't have a name. It's a long story. Well, my Captain has imposed a few restrictions. But I'm free to leave Sickbay, join away missions, take a stroll. Actually, I know exactly what it's like. When I was first activated I was regarded as little more than a talking tricorder. I had to ask for the privileges I deserved. The right to be included in crew briefings, the ability to turn my programme on and off. It's taken some time, but I believe I've earned the respect of the crew as an equal. I've also been pursuing personal interests. Art, literature, music. Perhaps you could do the same. Then you'll convince them. Maybe they'll appreciate how well you've coped with this situation, how you've managed to find help. Think about Not at all. I've been known to act a little strangely myself. [Interface junction compartment] Oh? Explain. Now that you mention it. I will admit he is somewhat socially inept. That is hardly a sound medical diagnosis. Why would he lie about that? I understand your concerns, Lieutenant. I've been talking to him as well, and I recognise that he has some behavioural difficulties. But imagine what he's been through. Trapped in a room no bigger than a storage compartment. And he's had almost no interaction with organic beings. It's only natural he'd developed problems communicating, even a little resentment. Do you recall my own behaviour when I was first activated? My point is, I too was somewhat alienated from the rest of the crew. It took me a few days to master the social graces. If you really feel that's necessary. A holographic fish? Oh, it wouldn't be appropriate, not in a medical environment. He's very lifelike. I didn't realise you had such a talent for holographic design.  Now that we're clear on the helm controls You're doing fine. It's vital that you familiarise yourself with all the ship's systems so you can be more self-sufficient. Here are the environmental controls and life support functions. Not at the moment. I beg your pardon? They do require quite a bit of maintenance, don't they? And this is the sensor grid. You'll find it most useful when you want to scan It's a little extreme, don't you think? Me? I agree that we should be treated equally as members of the crew. But we're still projections of energy and light. We have limitations. What's that? B'Elanna! Ensign Kim personal log, stardate 51186.2. Working with Seven of Nine is starting to get a little awkward. Tom's right. Anything more than friendship is a bad idea. But I can't stop thinking about her.  [Mess hall] Apparently you deactivated him. Not a moment too soon. I found six corpses on this deck, all of them murdered. You almost became number seven. He reached inside your chest, grabbed your heart, and perforated your fourth ventricle. I've stabilised your pericardium, but I'm concerned about the internal bleeding. Less than stellar unless I can get you back to Voyager. Unfortunately I'm having trouble accessing our transporters. B'Elanna, I thought you said you took all the emitters offline. I think you'd better double-check. (The sound of Torres falling to the floor. Dejaran is standing over her with a hammer.) Put that down. It's for your own benefit. Someone needs to repair your programme. It's malfunctioning. You're unstable. This could get tedious. (Dejaren's next swing hits his mobile emitter. The EMH deactivates and it falls to the deck. Dejaren picks it up. Torres stirs. She has a bad cut on her forehead.) Is he? And you?  I've stopped the internal bleeding, and repaired the tissue damage. Your pericardium is clean as a whistle. Which is more than I can say for my Sickbay. I'm detecting elevated hormonal levels. If you two don't take it easy, I'll have to declare a medical emergency. Not so fast, Mister Paris. You are going to help me sterilise every square millimetre of this Sickbay. No doubt you've left your oily residue on every hypospray, your sloughed secretions on every console. Just kidding. In fact, I've had a change of heart about my fastidiousness. A little clutter never hurt anyone. (he drops the hypospray) Sickbay should have a more organic touch, don't you think? To help our patients feel more at home. (The EMH goes into his office.)
I've just treated Tuvok and two of the refugees for acute cellular degradation. I've repaired most of the damage but unfortunately the effect is cumulative.
Maybe I should've insisted [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] On a more experienced pilot, like Mister Paris. [Delta Flyer - cockpit] Seven, can you join me, please? I thought you might find this interesting. (The EMH puts a small piece of comet under a microscope and calls the image up on a monitor.) Look deeper. And buried deep inside that nucleus, primitive strands of DNA. The beginnings of life, Seven. When I look at this, I don't see a mere cell. I see the potential for literature and art, empires and kingdoms. Someday, this cytoplasmic matrix may fall into the primordial sea of a distant world where it could ignite an evolutionary process. Eons from now, a creature not unlike you could emerge, look up at the stars and ask, who am I? How did I come to be? It's the miracle of creation, (flickering) What's happening? Do something, please. [Delta Flyer - cockpit] You've had quite a shock to your system. Let me explain what's happened. I'm a doctor. I would never abuse your body. I was trying to get information. Sometimes a glass of wine can loosen the tongue. Was it that many? Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. I'm afraid the role of spy wasn't written into my programme. I was forced to improvise. I apologise if I overindulged. I'll be more careful next time. I'll be discovered. They'll decompile my programme. Deciphering alien computers isn't exactly my forte. You're saving my life. I want you to know how grateful I am. I think I've shown considerable restraint, under the circumstances. Not that it's any of your business, but if you must know Ranek kissed me. Entirely therapeutic. When did it become a crime to enjoy a sensation or two? Of course, you'd be the last person to understand that. The whole world is full of experiences and sensations, but you insist on denying yourself. Instead of replicating caviar, you choose nutritional supplement thirteen alpha. Indulgences are what make life worth living. These last few days have been a revelation. Feeling your lungs fill with air, the surge of adrenaline through your veins. Until I spent a day in your skin, I never knew what I was missing. We're quite a pair. Me trapped by the limitations of photons and forcefields, you by a drone's obsession with efficiency. You'd make an excellent hologram. How are we going to do that? I can get us aboard. [Lokirrim ship - Bridge] Stay back! I'm not afraid to use this. (Seven uses a control panel. The guard distracts the EMH and Ranek gets the gun from him. He fires it at the control panel where Seven is working.) Ranek, don't. (The panel explodes, injuring him.) I'm a doctor. Let me help. [Bridge] I have injured here, Captain. I can't leave yet. He'll die without immediate surgery. I know this is difficult to grasp, but I'm the person you've been getting to know the last few days. My programme was in control of Seven's body. I know you have feelings for Ranek. If he dies, you're never going to forgive yourself. [Lokirrim ship - Medical bay] A thank you is customary after someone saves your life. I'm sorry you feel that way. The truth is, aside from a few I guess you won't be introducing me to your brother. You mean because I'm a hologram. I don't imagine this experience is going to change your feelings about photonics, but I wanted you to know I'm grateful for the time we've spent together. I'm glad I could help. Doctor to Voyager. One to beam out. [Corridor] The mess hall is three decks up. In case you've forgotten, I've lost my appetite. Permanently. Not your usual fare. I see. What about the wine? It doesn't exactly agree with you. Hear, hear. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I finished analysing the shuttle debris, and I found no evidence of human remains. That is correct. My pleasure. Now, would you mind having someone transport this junk to the Cargo Bay? It's cluttering up my lab.
I've examined the away team for signs of cell damage or physiological stress. Nothing. Their little joyride didn't harm them in the slightest. I'm running medical projections right now. So far, the results are encouraging.
Your company. I was wondering if you care to join me on a tour of Norcadia's cultural hot spots. I hear their museums are among the finest in this sector. With what? During shore leave? I thought we'd discussed this. Shore leave is a perfect opportunity for you to spend time with other members of the crew, to develop your social skills. Vulcans aren't exactly known for their winning personalities. You could do worse. To study the micro-nebula? On second thought, you and Tuvok have a good time. Do that. And if the nebula isn't as riveting as you'd hoped, try to remember lesson thirty six. Pleasant Parlour Games To Pass The Time. You'll need it. [Shuttlecraft] But you'll have to stay out of the sun. I suggest you limit it to indoor activities. You seem to be forgetting that Commander Chakotay is an aficionado of boxing, arguably the most barbaric sport in Earth's history. Surely you can find some way to occupy your free time that doesn't involve alien fisticuffs. As a matter of fact, I was planning a visit to the Norcadian Museum of Entomology this afternoon. There's a fascinating exhibit of beetle larvae from the equatorial sub-continent. You're welcome to join me. Very well. But if you should need anything, an analgesic, a phaser rifle, don't hesitate to ask.
I ran a microcellular scan after you returned to the ship. I have just analysed the results. You have contracted a disease. The Vidiian Phage. No, Commander Chakotay shows no signs of the disease. You said one of the Vidiians grabbed you. It may be that the virus was transferred in that way. I can't offer an explanation at this point. It may be that the Phage virus has mutated to become more infectious. I believe however this explains the hallucinations you described. There is often concomitant stress to the thalamus in the early stages of the disease. It is known to cause a kind of dementia that produces hallucinations. I wish I could tell you, Captain. For the moment it would be best if you remained in sickbay, under quarantine. The fact that the virus has acted so quickly raises the possibility that others on the crew may be infected. I hadn't pursued the matter since we seemed to have moved beyond Vidiian space. But I'll now redouble my efforts. In the meantime I'd like to give you a sedative. Captain? I'll be running a series of deep level tissue scans. There. That should give you a good night's sleep. I'll erect a bioforcefield, and I promise you, Captain, I won't deactivate myself until I have some answers for you. Ah, you're awake. Almost forty hours. I'm afraid this strain of the Phage is particularly virulent. It's spreading rapidly. I regret to inform you that I have been unsuccessful. I've given that a great deal of thought. The prospects are unpleasant, Captain. You face a lingering, painful death marked by increasing periods of dementia and eventual insanity. I've come to the conclusion that there's only one humane course of action. Euthanasia. It would be wrong to subject you to such a prolonged and painful death. The crew would also be adversely affected if that were to happen. Klingon DNA might provide a vaccine for the disease, but not a cure. I'm sorry, Captain. The space within the forcefield is filling with a neural toxin. It is fast acting and merciful. Please relax and take deep breaths. It will be over more quickly that way. Ten milligrammes cordrazine. We'll use it in conjunction with the cortical stimulator. Now! Again. Quickly. Seventy five milligrammes inaprovaline. I'll begin direct synaptic stimulation. Cortical stimulator. Now! Again! Again! Don't question me. Again! Make a note in the log. Death occurred at oh three twenty hours. Cause, massive cerebro-vascular collapse. (Chakotay leaves.) Kes, please go to the science lab and prepare the autopsy protocols. (Kes leaves. Janeway walks through the doors as they close.) [Corridor]  The cortical stimulator is working. I'm getting a weak pulse. I'll use cordrazine along with the stimulator. [Mess hall] Vital signs are responding. Blood pressure is sixty over thirty. Direct synaptic stimulation might drive out the alien presence. [Mess hall]  Something's happened. The alien presence is getting stronger again. I'll have to try a thoron pulse. [Mess hall] I'm no longer detecting the alien presence. Vital signs are responding. Blood pressure one ten over sixty five. (Janeway awakes.) Perhaps you can explain, Commander. Eventually it was dislodged, but there were a number of times I thought we'd lost you.
I've analysed every square millimetre of the Borg corpse we recovered three months ago. I'm closer to understanding how their assimilation technology works, and I might be able to create some sort of medical defence.  These injection tubules are the first step in the Borg assimilation process. Once inside the skin, they release a series of nanoprobes into the bloodstream. Unlikely. The tubules are capable of penetrating any known alloy or energy field. Which means our battle must be waged inside the body itself. (Image enhancement 047.) The first tissue to be attacked by the nanoprobes is the victim's blood. Assimilation is almost instantaneous. Which suggests to me that we should try to enhance the immune system. Create an assimilation antibody, as it were. I doubt we can actually destroy the nanoprobes, but we might be able to slow them down. Let's try a submicron dissection on the probes we've collected so far, see if we can discover the assimilation mechanism. (Kes gets a vision of a pile of dead Borg.) Kes, is something wrong? Kes? You've had a telepathic experience? Kes? What are you Sickbay to Janeway. [Alien Bioship] KIM The infection is spreading. What began with a few stray cells contaminating the chest wound is now infusing every system in his body. Not exactly. The alien cells are consuming his body from the inside out. In essence, Mister Kim is being eaten alive. I tried giving him a sedative, but it was rejected immediately. In fact, every treatment I've tried has been neutralised within seconds. These are alien cells. Each one contains more than a hundred times the DNA of a human cell. It's the most densely coded life form I've ever seen. Even I would need years to decipher it. Resistance in this case is far from futile. Nevertheless, I believe Borg technology holds the key to saving Mister Kim. I hope to unleash an army of modified Borg nanoprobes into his bloodstream, designed to target and eradicate the infection. As you know, I've been analysing the nanoprobes. They're efficient little assimilators, one can't help but admire the workmanship. But they're no match for the alien cells. So I successfully dissected a nanoprobe and managed to access its re-coding mechanism. I reprogrammed the probe to emit the same electrochemical signatures as the alien cells. That way, the probe can do its work without being detected. Observe. The alien cells are completely oblivious to probe until it's too late. Unfortunately, I've only created a few prototypes. I'll need several days to modify enough nanoprobes to cure Ensign Kim. I wish I knew. It's still in the experimental stages, Captain. I've only made a few prototypes. In theory, yes. Certainly. I replicated nearly ten million Borg nanoprobes, each of them reprogrammed to my specifications, each capable of targeting the alien tissue. Just momentarily. The Borg technology will denaturate within seconds, taking the alien tissue along with it. Mister Kim, I'm about to inject your carotid artery. You'll feel a tingling sensation. Don't be alarmed. (Kim slowly opens his eyes.) Nice to see you again, Ensign. Prepare another dose of nanoprobes. Commander. I must tell you. I have my doubts about this alliance. You may have convinced the Borg the nanoprobes can defeat their enemy, but a medical treatment is a long way from a weapon of war. Don't worry. I'll delete myself at the first sign of trouble. Well, maybe not the first sign. [Bridge] Kes? Kes! Kes! What's wrong? Commander, we have some disturbing news. Her telepathic visions are increasing, both in frequency and intensity. There is it again. Every time she has a vision specific regions of her cerebral cortex go into a state of hyperstimulation. Memory engrams, perceptual centres. I can't be sure but I think there's more going on here than just a simple hello. [Borg Chamber] The plasma burns to her thoracic region I can treat, and I've already stopped the internal bleeding. But her neural injuries are going to require some creative thinking. Well, it appears to have disrupted all her neuroelectrical pathways. I'll have to induce a coma to protect her higher brain functions. But I must tell you, unless I can repair the damage, she may never regain consciousness. The Captain wishes to speak with you. Please keep it brief. I must begin. [Cargo Bay Two] (The Borg have been busy building regeneration alcoves and other equipment.) Doctor to Chakotay. Report to Sickbay at once. Ah. As you can see, I've repaired her neural damage. Ensign Kim, the Captain, I'm two for two. Hmm? Eh? Oh. Gladly. Computer deactivate EMH programme. His link is stable, but it won't be for long. You must hurry. He's losing the link! Commander Chakotay's going to be all right, although he may wake up with a bit of a headache. [Bridge]
Describe the nature of your pain. Choose the word that would best describe your pain. Burning, throbbing, piercing, pinching, biting, stinging, shooting Hmm. Hmm? Oh, certainly. Fine. Nothing to worry about. The position of the baby is simply putting pressure on your sciatic nerve. You may return to your post. Elevating your legs when you sit should provide all the relief you need. Mmm. Ensign Wildman, according to your medical history, this is your first pregnancy, correct? Well, Ensign, unfortunately, pregnancy causes its fair share of discomforts, and you'll have to learn to live with them. That's just the way it is. (to Kes) We'll schedule her for follow-up in two days. If the pain has not subsided on its own by then, we'll attempt to decrease the sensitivity of the nerve in that region. Every member of this crew is an adult. I will not coddle them. Compassion can be your department. Fortunately, you have enough for both of us. I don't have a life. I have a programme. [Chakotay's quarters] (Chakotay and Janeway enter.) Please state the nature of the medical emergency. We did. But I became so uncomfortable trying to find new ways to break the ice, as it were, that I restored it. Let's just say it works for me. (Sneezes) Ah, you noticed. Generally, no, but I have accepted your challenge. I've programmed myself with the symptoms of a twenty nine hour Levodian flu. Thus, I will gain the experience that you suggest would be beneficial to the performance of my duties. A-choo.1 Holographic tissue paper for the holographic running nose. Don't offer them to patients. Hmm. Interesting sensation, blowing one's nose. It's my first time. Nothing of the sort. I intend it to be an educational experience. I meant for the crew. I'm tired of the whiny, cranky attitudes we see around here. I intend to serve as an example of how one's life and duties do not have to be disrupted by simple illness. Neither do I, and you don't hear me complaining. [Jungle] (The sun is shining on the broad leaved plants, and birds are singing.) You're very lucky this bird didn't snatch your eye right out of the socket. We have no spare Talaxian eyeballs. It's a holographic simulation, not an actual virus. There's no need for concern. You may sit up. I don't require any compassion, thank you very much. I have been experiencing these symptoms for nearly twenty hours, and I am in complete command of my faculties. (Explosive sneeze.) You may both leave now. [Bridge] Captain Janeway, this is the Doctor. Please turn to your Emergency Medical Holographic channel. Something terrible has happened. My programme (coughs) One hour too far to be precise. I very specifically programmed a twenty nine hour Levodian flu, and it has now been thirty hours. You can't leave me like this. I need help. [Sickbay]  Now, get me somebody who can tweak the computer and make me feel better, immediately. (cough, splutter) [Bridge] Oh, I don't understand it. I ran a computer diagnostic and it said my programme was fine. Oh. Thank you. Thank you so much. Please, don't go yet. I feel like I'm fading. Just fading away. You don't know what that means to a hologram. Oh. My simulated virus is leading me to a simulated death. She is far more devious than I ever suspected. (cough) [Jungle] (The storm has abated. Chakotay wakes and wriggles out from under the fallen tree, then discovers his comm. badge is missing. He gets out his tricorder.)
Sickbay to Lieutenant Tuvok.  Ensign Murphy was just found unconscious on deck two. We suspect foul play. [Bridge]
You had an accident on the holodeck. Almost twelve hours. Not just yet. The Captain's asked me to keep you here.
I don't think so. The two victims died from massive heart failure, and there was evidence of prior neural trauma. It could be evidence of extreme fear. Surely, Commander, you're not suggesting we simply unplug them? Because you have three brains whose survival has depended upon careful monitoring by a sophisticated computer system for nineteen years. I concur with Lieutenant Torres. The computer uses bio-neural feedback from the participants' brains to create the environment. Only by a few minutes. Anything more, we'd be risking serious brain damage. Ten minutes would be about the best we could do. Excuse me, you're not holding that properly. Correct positioning of the index finger is necessary for optimal dexterity. (The EMH throws the scalpel away.) I'm Captain Janeway's representative. I'm here to negotiate with you. Are you well, Mister Kim? I would be pleased to tell you all about myself at a more appropriate time. For now, suffice it to say that I am here by a miracle of technology. Now, let's get down to the issues, shall we? I have a very trustworthy face. My captain is prepared to give you exactly what you asked for, under the condition you release all the hostages. We would provide continuing input from a simulated brain. A computer model that would generate I, myself, have a comparable The simulated brain The captain is prepared to risk the lives of the hostages rather than leave them under your control. She's the one out there with the off switch in her hand. A compromise. Let some of them go. We've studied your system. You only need one to survive. If we could just I'll be back. [Sickbay] Unstable, unpredictable. Everything you'd expect from fear. There would certainly be brain damage. Possibly, yes. Would Mister Kim still be able to hold his clarinet when I was done? Possibly. The brain is such an interesting organ. I'll choose not to take that personally, Lieutenant. For what it's worth, Mister Viorsa suggested there would be a way to make a simulated brain function in this system. He suggested it would take a recalibration of the optronic pathways. Perhaps it was because the clown's attention was divided at the time. My sweet captain has a new offer to make. The captain is prepared to give you a cloaking device. I'm talking about a device that would shield you from being detected by any other interstellar visitors. [Cargo Bay 1] We will return your entire computer system to the subterranean locale where we found it. With the help of Mister Kim and a team of Starfleet engineers, it will be an easy matter to install the cloaking device, which will insure your safety for the foreseeable future. You have to understand that the captain's primary concern is the safety of the hostages.  Your decision to capitulate saved the lives of the other hostages, Captain. You should take some comfort from that. Fear can provide pleasure. To seek fear is to seek the boundaries of one's sensory experience. I don't get out very much. The captain has sent me with an ultimatum. The captain is prepared to shut down the system one minute from now if you don't agree to her terms. Fifty two seconds. She is willing to risk brain damage to the hostages, but she will end this, and end this now, one way or another. Forty three seconds. She will allow you to keep one person on the system. The other hostages must be released. You have thirty seconds to avoid termination. Twenty seconds. There is another provision. The one hostage you will be allowed to keep is Captain Janeway herself. Your time is up. Your answer, please. Yes, Captain. Would you like me to return and supervise the evacuation of the hostages?
 Another milestone. You've had your first dream. Dreams can often seem quite real. Tell me more about this forest. Perhaps your unconscious mind was drawing on a childhood memory. Did you recognise him? This could give us a fascinating glimpse into your unconscious mind. Any one of those images might have a symbolic meaning. The mysterious stranger, for example. Is he a father figure or does he represent a repressed desire for male companionship? This isn't a malfunction, Seven, it's a natural step in your human development. It might seem unsettling now, but you'll get used to it. Before you know it, you'll look forward to climbing into your alcove each night. This'll keep a record of your REM cycles.(She takes the small device and leaves.) [Bridge] Seven was wearing a cortical monitor. She never reached REM sleep. She wasn't dreaming. You make it sound like a conference call. Captain, it is my professional opinion that we wait until How many times have you actually performed this bridging of heads? Then how can you be certain it'll work? Watching and doing are two different things. What a comfort. There's no way to tell. This is highly experimental. Aye, Captain. [Corridor]  Can't we find another Borg ship? A Sphere, maybe? Something less imposing? In how many pieces? It's ridiculous. They're inside. No change yet. [Borg Cube]  Their lifesigns are destabilising. Their higher brain functions are stable.  There's a problem with Commander Tuvok. His synaptic pathways are destabilising. Sensors are offline. I've lost the away team. I'd like to make a few adjustments to your alcove before you return. [Cargo Bay two]  When this crisis ends I'll come up with a more permanent solution, so you can spend more time in Unimatrix Zero. You're in a unique position. Not many of us get to lead a double life. May I ask why? Mister Axum? Whenever you mention his name, your pupils dilate by nearly a millimetre, blood flow increases to your facial capillaries. Both are consistent with an emotional response. Oh. Romantic? There go those pupils again. Well, how ironic. All this time we've been trying to develop that aspect of your humanity, and it's been there all along. My readings say otherwise. You're very particular about who you choose to spend time with, Seven. No doubt that's why you and I have become friends. If you were involved with Axum once, doesn't that suggest he's a worthwhile individual? Coming from you, that's high praise. There's nothing wrong with feeling ambivalent, Seven. After all, you're in the middle of a civil war. But eventually, you may want to give this romance a second chance. Who knows? You may even get to meet him in person someday. (Seven steps into her alcove.) I'll say this for your Mister Axum. he's a very lucky man. [Settlement] Doctor to the bridge. Someone's here to see you and Seven, Commander. You'd better come down here right away. [Sickbay] We did our best. Commander, the Captain gave us a direct order.
 According to these scans, you're in perfect health. Oh, I should have known. You've got butterflies in there. It's an expression used to describe anxiety or apprehension, both of which are perfectly natural reactions for someone about to meet his long lost parents. If it's any comfort, I'm sure they're just as nervous about meeting you. Really. Do you think Naomi's mother is irrelevant to her? Your parents can nurture you in ways this crew can't. They can explain the Brunali culture, share their experiences with you. No, but I had my programming to fall back on. He's fine. I was just giving him a last minute check-up. The butterflies will go away. [Brunali settlement] No, they merely sedated him. He was genetically engineered to produce the pathogen from birth. I can suppress the pathogen. He'll be fine, physically.
The cortical inhibitor is destabilising. I'm increasing the neurotransmitter levels. It's working. Do you still hear the voices? I'm not sure why, but you seem to be manifesting personalities other than your own. Come look at this. This is your neural pattern. The memory engrams and synaptic pathways that define you as an individual. Unfortunately, you're not alone. Thirteen new neural patterns have emerged in your cerebral cortex. Klingon, Vulcan, Terrelian, Human and several others I can't identify. They're coming from within you. During your time with the Borg, the Collective assimilated hundreds of different species. All of those neural patterns were integrated into the Hive Mind. That means they're in your mind too, stored within your cortical implants. Dormant until now. In essence, you've developed the Borg equivalent of Multiple Personality Disorder. The cortical inhibitor is suppressing the effect, but it's only a temporary measure. Our only hope is to terminate the signal at its point of origin. Lucky for you, this crew is a little more tolerant. Talaxian homeopathy. I don't think we're quite that desperate yet. Let's examine your neural function logs. Low serotonin levels during regeneration, that's normal. But look at these spikes in the pre-frontal synapses. They appear only seconds before you left the alcove. You were sleepwalking. Looks like we found the identity of the Midnight Snacker. I'm sure Mister Neelix will be relieved. The individual who made this recording must have been a member of the crew. Here's another log entry. This one encoded for transmission. Anything familiar? Seven, you were a Borg drone who's now becoming an individual. That's practically unheard of. There's bound to be rough spots along the way. We just have to get past them. Seven? It's your proximity to the Vinculum. The link is stronger here. I'm adjusting your neurotransmitter levels. You'd better get started. Just think of me as your chaperone. Let's see it. It's a synthetic pathogen. The virus was originally a biological agent but it's mutated. It's attacking the Vinculum's programmes as it would living cells. Looks like we found our Typhoid Mary. [Astrometrics lab] We believe the virus was carried within their bodies. Once they were assimilated, it spread to the Vinculum. I think the inhibitor's gone offline. Would you come here, please? I'm afraid you've contracted a nasty strain of the Ankaran flu. We've been treating you several days. Remember? Short term memory loss. It's one of the symptoms. Don't worry, it isn't life threatening, but we'll need to treat you. In Sickbay. It's free of charge. What do you mean? How generous of you. Computer, activate forcefield. (Seven is trapped in the surgical bay.) It's for your own safety. I've set the cortical inhibitor to maximum but it is no longer suppressing the effects. These personalities are going to keep surfacing. Even if we do break the link, it may be too late. Seven's own neural pattern is destabilising. It could be lost.  Doctor to bridge. It seems to be working. Her neural pattern is stabilising. [Engineering]  Engineering! Her synaptic pathways are destabilising. Abort the procedure! Abort! [Engineering]  Seven's neural pattern has disappeared, Captain. It appears that the other patterns have taken over completely. We've lost her. Captain's log, supplemental. Long range sensors have detected a vessel belonging to species 6339. We've set a course to intercept them in the hopes they can help us restore Seven of Nine. [Ready room]  I've managed to stabilise her primary cortical functions but the woman in Sickbay is not Seven of Nine. Not any more. New personalities are emerging every few seconds now. She can't finish a sentence before the next one rears its head. It's creating an incredible strain on her cerebral cortex. If we don't deactivate the Vinculum soon, we may never get her back. Captain, I've exhausted every viable treatment in my database. A mind meld? You consider that a viable treatment? It's too risky. Captain, you can't actually be considering this Vulcan mumbo jumbo. I just hope I don't find myself with a second patient. Seven. A necessary precaution. A few of your guests have been violent. It keeps adapting. We haven't been able to shut it down. Your own neural pattern was nearly destroyed in the process. I wasn't sure I'd find you again. One of your personas didn't appreciate the restraints. She seemed intent on forcing her way to freedom. It was hardly your fault. You're ill. Surprise. You aren't invincible. I suppose that's something we'll have to tackle in our next social lesson. Voices? It won't be long before I lose you again. It's my duty as your physician to inform you of an alternative treatment. Commander Tuvok has proposed a mind meld to help stabilise your neural pattern. I had a similar reaction. If you don't approve. I don't know. A mind meld is hardly a standard medical practice. He could suffer brain damage, but he's confident he'll be able to break the meld before that happens. I understand. Not at all. You'll be able to tell them yourself, afterwards. Seven? Concentrate! Focus on the sound of my voice! As if the meld weren't dangerous enough, the aliens are trying to take the Vinculum by force. Commander Chakotay is at Tactical. The Captain wants you here with Seven. This will allow me to monitor your neural activity for the duration of the meld. At the first sign of trouble. I beg your pardon? I'll try. I just hope my faith doesn't leave the two of you brain damaged. With all of these new personalities floating around, it's a shame we can't find one for you.  Sickbay to Engineering. [Engineering] EMH Computer, increase power to the cortical inhibitors. Tuvok, if you can hear me, we have to terminate the meld. Tuvok. Tuvok! [Meld]  Seven?  Neuroprocessor, cortical receptors, all stable. She's fit to return to duty. Those neural patterns have returned to their dormant state. I suppose that depends on your perspective. You may not hear them, but I suspect they'll always be with you.
His injury doesn't seem serious, but he won't let me close enough to treat him. I've tried communicating with him. He doesn't appear to have any verbal skills. My scans show he can conserve oxygen. He has unusually large lung capacity. And a voracious appetite. Maybe. But we can't send him back. He can't survive without oxygen indefinitely. Much better. He seemed to relax when he heard me humming an aria from Rigoletto, so I had the computer play the full orchestral version. Fantome seems to be a music lover. After the Phantom of the Opera, a tormented character who was soothed by music. Choosing the right name for myself is extremely difficult. I'm a complex individual. On the contrary. I believe he's quite intelligent, and his physiology is very sophisticated. Did you know he has the ability to refract his own lifesigns? I wish we could find a way to communicate with him. I suspect he'd He understands. Hello, Commander. Technically, he's not a patient anymore, but it's taken me this long to coax him out of Sickbay. He's quite shy. (The EMH plays notes on a It began with a few simple words, but now we're capable of rudimentary conversation. I will. [Mess hall] (EMH and Fantome enter, exchanging tones) I don't know who you are, sir, but your choice of words is offensive. Fantome is perfectly healthy, and unlike some people in this Void, he hasn't stolen anything. Captain, this is outrageous! They did. Though strictly speaking, it's not a composition. It's more of a conversation. I wish I could take credit but it was Fantome who taught the others in a fraction of the time it took him to learn. They're a highly intelligent species. Mmm hmm. It could be telepathic, but they seem just as comfortable communicating with music now. It's certainly possible. They told us they were born here. The Void's their home. They want to stay. They're nomads. Any ship'll do. They said they're grateful for our help. They want to help us now. (Preparations continue. Working out how to protect four ships inside one big shield, for example. And where Fantome's people are going to go.) [Bridge] Acknowledged. Yes, Goodbye and good luck. Energise. (The Void aliens are beamed away.)  Mission accomplished. Fantome's shut down power on Valen's ship. [Bridge]
I'd like to say a few words if I may. I've prepared a speech for this occasion. When I was first activated on Stardate 48315, and I found myself mano a mano with the Delta Quadrant, I didn't think we'd survive a week, let alone three years. There was strife. There was discord. You were all at each others throats. But over time, I've had the pleasure and pride of watching this crew learn to work together as colleagues, even friends. Who would have thought that this eclectic group of voyagers could actually become a family? Starfleet, Maquis, Klingon, Talaxian, hologram, Borg, even Mister Paris. Granted, we've had our share of difficulties. One might say, we've seen the best of times and the worst of times. I'd now like to recount some of those times from my unique perspective. Under the category of best of times, I invite you all to recall the moment when I Perhaps we could all reconvene later? [Bridge] Doctor to bridge. We've got a power overload in Sickbay. I need an engineer down here right away.  Keep moving. Quickly, please, move quickly.  Keep moving! Please hurry. That's it. (The EMH gets his people to a Jefferies tube hatch at the end of the corridor.) Doctor to Lieutenant Paris. Report to the mess hall at once. More wounded are one the way. Mister Paris, your assistance please. Now, Lieutenant. In case you hadn't noticed, B'Elanna is not the only patient here. But no longer in danger of dying. That is the first rule of medical triage. Make sure the patient will live, then move on to the next one. Emotional detachment is essential otherwise, you risk impairing your judgment. You could be seeing more of your friends in here soon. If you can't handle itm I'll find another assistant. You can leave. What's that supposed to mean? Several weeks ago, just before the conduits on deck five breached, I saw Ensign Strickler and Crewman Emmanuel at the end of a corridor. They were trying to reach the Jefferies tube. I kept the hatch open, waited for them as long as I could, but time ran out. I had no choice but to seal the hatch. My point is, it could have been worse. Had I lost my objectivity, I might have kept the hatch open and everyone would have perished. This man has damaged lung tissue. Treat him with inaprovaline. [Jefferies tube]  Ensign Kim found time to be treated. So can you. He'll be fine, but I'm surprised he didn't asphyxiate. I told you eight minutes on that deck, not eight and a half, not nine, and certainly not twelve. The alveoli in your lungs have been chemically burned. I want you off your feet for the next forty eight hours. There are seven other crew members on board. You're the captain. Delegate. Trioxin is used in emergency situations as a stop-gap measure. Your lungs have suffered serious damage. They need to be treated properly. Doctor's orders. Aye, aye. It's your body. Who am I to judge? I'm only the Chief Medical officer. What do I know? I'm happy to report that I've repaired the optronic error in my programme. You suffered third degree burns to approximately sixty percent of your body. I've healed most of them, but without a dermal regenerator I couldn't repair all the damage to your skin. You've been left with scars on your face and arms. Not so fast. You're spending the next few days here with me. Observation. Not physically. Traumatic stress syndrome. Symptoms. Irritability, sleeplessness, obsessional thoughts, reckless behaviour. All of which you've demonstrated over the last few weeks. I'm not going to stand here while you rationalise yet another brush with death. As Chief Medical Officer, I have the authority to relieve you of your command. If, in my medical opinion, your judgment has been impaired, I can. And I will. That threat in itself is evidence of your unstable condition. Is that final? Then you leave me no choice. Captain Kathryn Janeway, under Starfleet medical regulation one twenty one, section A, I, the Chief Medical Officer, do hereby relieve you of your active command, effective immediately. Have a seat. You realise this incident will be noted in my official logs. By refusing my orders you risk a general court martial. What about yourself?
Twenty milligrams of lectrazine. In her parietal lobe. It looks like some sort of implant. It's a very complex web of bioneural circuitry. Nanofibres. On the contrary. According to these readings, the device is actually storing her synaptic patterns, processing them and transmitting neural electrical impulses to the rest of her systems. No. I'd say it's more like a neuro-cortical stimulator, designed to supplement the higher brain functions. From what I can tell, the implant itself is functioning, but it's connected to mostly dead nerve cells. If we don't do something quickly, she'll be brain dead in a matter of minutes. Very impressive, Kes, but I think it's too late for that. Get me a high frequency RF transmitter. You're going to have to hurry, Kes. The patient's brain function is diminishing rapidly. Now, set the delta band frequency of the holo-emitter to eight point six tetrahertz. Transferring the patient's synaptic patterns into the holo-buffer before they degrade completely. There's enough capacity for my programme, isn't there? And my programme contains over fifty million gigaquads of data, which I don't have to tell you is considerably more than most highly developed humanoid brains. I'm creating a holographic body. Not only will we be able to communicate with the patient, but we'll have an accurate model of healthy Vidiian physiology that will aid in treating her actual body. Computer, project the patient's skeletal structure. Now add internal organs. Add musculature. Now apply epidermal layers. Computer, use transporter records to recreate the patient's clothing. [Ready room] I'm the Chief Medical Officer of the Federation Starship Voyager. We received your distress call and brought you aboard. It's quite simple, really. I used the undamaged chromosomes in your cerebellum to recreate your original DNA code, and then programmed the computer to project a holographic template based on that genome. A three-dimensional projection of light and energy. See for yourself. (The EMH hands her a mirror.) Your neural patterns were degrading rapidly. It was too late to expect results from inaprovaline, so I was forced to improvise, not that it would have occurred to just any physician. Why are you crying? I thought you'd be pleased. I'll need a complete medical history. How long have you been ill exactly? And when did you begin receiving replacement tissue? I wouldn't be too grateful. There are serious limitations to being a hologram. First of all, we can only exist within environments equipped with holo-emitters, such as the Sickbay. I'm this ship's Emergency Medical Holographic Programme. An incredibly sophisticated computer simulation. I don't have a name. It wasn't part of my original programme. However you, I'm sure, have one. Well, Miss Pel. May I ask what someone with an illness like yours was doing alone in space with no access to medical care? You're a medical practitioner of some kind? Well then, perhaps given your expertise, you can help me with your treatment. Unfortunately, that's only temporary. Your synaptic patterns will eventually degrade if we don't get them out of the pattern buffers and back into your brain. A few days. Perhaps a week. Your real body is in stasis. As you can see, we have to find a way to repair your damaged neural tissue. Is something wrong? (Denara doesn't like the sight of it in the surgical bay.) I'm eager to discuss treatments. The procedure is quite simple. I'll drill an opening into your skull precisely two millimetres in diameter, and then use a neuralyte probe to extract a sample of your parietal lobe, weighing approximately one gramme. Your experience in the Vidiian prison suggests Klingon DNA is resistant to the Phage. Losing a small amount of neural tissue is inconsequential. Yet that same tissue, grafted onto the patient's brain and stimulated to grow, will significantly slow the spread of her infection. If we can increase the grafted tissue mass quickly enough, we can transfer her synaptic patterns back into her brain before they degrade in the holo-buffer. It won't cure the Phage, but it should prolong her life considerably. Please, change into a surgical gown and lie down on biobed number one. I've finished ingrafting the Klingon neural tissue to your cerebral cortex. Now all I have to do is create an axonal pathway between that tissue and your basal ganglia. It's all part of my programming. For example, this exact procedure was developed by Doctor Leonard McCoy in the year 2253. I'm equipped with the collective medical knowledge of more than three thousand cultures. Additionally, as you see here, my imaging system allows me to perform, and in many cases improve upon, the most delicate tactile manoeuvres required by a dizzying array of surgical procedures. It is, isn't it? Hand me the submicron suture, please. There. That should do it. Excellent work, Doctor. Nonetheless, that assistance was invaluable. It could be two or three days before we'll know if the graft will hold. In the meantime, perhaps I should deactivate your programme temporarily. It would slow the degradation of your synaptic patterns. Unfortunately, that's not possible. However, if you're looking for something to do, please feel free to use my office to access our medical database. You'll find several interesting texts on comparative endocrinology. On second thought, there is someplace else we could go. [Sandrine's] (Neelix and Paris are playing pool.) Don't your people have recreational facilities? A wise policy. She is not my date. She's my patient. Mister Neelix, this is Doctor Denara Pel. Go away, immediately, both of you. You're disturbing my patient. I apologise. Irritating, isn't it? It's a natural response. There's not much to tell, really. My programme was developed by Doctor Louis Zimmerman in a lab on Jupiter Station. I was activated on stardate 48308. Since that time I've performed three hundred and forty seven medical exams, healed eleven compound fractures, performed three appendectomies, and in my greatest feat of medical prowess, I once cured Mister Neelix of an acute case of the hiccups. I am? Well, several clinical studies have shown humour to be very therapeutic. Consider it part of your treatment. What is it? That's dancing. (A couple moving backwards and forwards a few steps.) It's not part of my programming. Well, Doctor Pel. As you wish, Denara. Well, as I said. Well, I Shmullus? Doctor Shmullus. I think I like the sound of that. [Sickbay]  Well, here we are. Denara, I think we should Deactivate your programme for at least eight hours. I do. All right. Computer Yes? I'm pleased. Thank you for giving me a name. Er, well, good night, Denara. Computer, deactivate Vidiian Programme Alpha. [Mess hall] I'm running a level two self-diagnostic right now. I'll be there as soon as I'm finished. I've been experiencing periodic lapses in concentration and difficulty handing objects. There may be a malfunction in my tactile acuity subroutine. About two or three days. What's your point? I fail to see a connection. I told you, my programme's malfunctioning. Romance is not part of my programming. Yes. What if I don't want it to adapt right now? Because I don't like what's happening to me. I'm used to being in control of my faculties, confident of my decisions. But lately, whenever Denara's programme is deactivated and I should be concentrating on my work, I find myself thinking of nothing but her. Because whenever I do that, I suddenly feel unsettled, unsure of myself, and I have no idea what to say. Why would people seek out situations which induce such unpleasant symptoms? Suppose, hypothetically, of course I wanted to pursue that possibility. How would I proceed? That's it? Just tell her how I feel? I'm going to try stimulating your motor neurons. Well, the nucleus cuneatus appears to be functioning normally. And now for the anterior thalamic pathway. Excellent. By the way, Denara, I've been meaning to tell you. I'm romantically attracted to you and wanted to know if you felt the same way. (stunned silence) Is something wrong? Did you understand what I said? Well? Excuse me, Kes. I was speaking to Denara. Oh. I'm going to try simulating the posterior sciatic nerve. [Sandrine's] Actually, Mister Paris, I was looking for you. Mister Paris, I assume you've had a great deal of experience being rejected by women. What I'd like to know is, what does one do to recover from the unpleasant symptoms of romantic rejection? I can't tell you. It's a matter of doctor-patient confidentiality. I see. So, the symptoms do subside over time? I told you, it was confidential. I did? Well, what would be the right approach? Where would I take her? I wasn't sure you were coming. If you don't want to be here On a planet called Mars inside a primitive land based vehicle. It's called a '57 Chevy. Mister Paris is quite an automobile aficionado. This is his programme. I believe it's called parking. I almost forgot. These are for you. (He gets a bunch of roses and a box of chocolates from the back seat. And a cuddly toy.) I downloaded a new dancing subroutine programme into my programme this morning. Would you like to get out and try it? You wouldn't? Well, if you're interested, I could point out a few astronomical highlights. You see that bluish planet there? That's called Earth. It's where Starfleet Headquarters is located. And over there, that's Cygnus. And there, that constellation is called Hercules, named after a character in ancient Greek myth. Hippocrates was also a Greek. He was the father of Earth medicine. And that cluster over there, that's called the Pleiades. (They kiss, and snuggle.) [Bridge] Set the delta band frequency of the holo-emitter to seven terahertz. Wait a minute. Did you administer the cervaline as I instructed? I don't understand it. The brain, your brain, it's rejecting the graft. We can't go through with the transfer. I'm detecting elevated levels of nytoxinol. Is it possible you made an error? Administered nytoxinol instead of cervaline? You're correct. It's cervaline. Has anyone else been in Sickbay during the last twenty four hours other than you and Denara? Because if the nytoxinol was not administered by accident, I can only conclude that someone is deliberately trying to kill Denara. Perhaps someone who bears ill will towards Vidiians. Whoever it is, I intend to find out. I'm calling Lieutenant Tuvok. We have to find out who's trying to obstruct your recovery. Didn't you know it would kill you? She is you. Looking for the cervaline. I have to reduce the rate of tissue rejection before it's too late. If we don't get your neural patterns out of the holo-buffer, you'll be brain dead in a matter of days. I can't let that happen. It's my duty to keep you alive. I am your friend. You're a doctor. You can help them. Denara. I have no desire to see you suffer. No, but Denara, I was never afraid to touch you. Because I love you. If you go through with the transfer. Denara, you're not ugly. You're simply ill. Denara, do you think if you go back into your own body, I'll feel different about you? Listen to me. Nothing could ever change the way I feel about you. Not a few scars, not some diseased skin. Nothing. You said before you knew me that you were just a disease. Well, before you, I was just a projection of photons held together by force fields. A computerised physician doing a job, doing it exceptionally well, of course, but still it was just a profession, not a life. But now that you are here and my programming has adapted, I'm not just working anymore. I'm living, learning what it means to be with someone, to love someone. I don't think I can go back to the way things were, either. Denara, please. Don't die. So do I. I know. But we'd still have two weeks together before we reached your colony. Denara, please, be with me for as long as you can. [Sandrine's] (The EMH is waiting in an empty Sandrine's. The door creaks open and the real Denara Pel enters. He strokes her cheek then takes her in his arms.) Computer, play music programme Doctor Alpha. (They dance.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
What exactly are they? They have absolutely no nutritional value. You could include a vitamin supplement when you replicate them.
The same to you. Mister Paris. I should have known it was you monopolising the holodeck. I have no interest in your frivolous fantasy. I'm here to rehearse a duet from Don Carlo and you've already gone three minutes into my scheduled Computer, freeze programme. Does the phrase to be continued mean anything to you? This programme is a waste of photonic energy. Perhaps you can teach a course at Starfleet Academy. Satan's Robot - an Historical Overview. (Paris and the EMH squabble over the holodeck controls until they start to burn.) [Bridge] Deteriorating, obviously. Hear, hear. I've given you a mild sedative. It should control the urge to hyperventilate, and alleviate some of your anxiety. Dizziness? Nausea? Unspeakable dread? Nihiliphobia. the fear of nothingness. Or in layman's terms, the fear of nothingness. If it's any consolation, I can relate to it. I go into a void every time I'm deactivated. Emptiness, complete and utter oblivion. I'll admit it was unsettling at first. The existential horror of it all. Sorry. My point is, you'll get used to it. These burns are severe. Bring it to Sickbay. [Bridge]  Watch your step, I've had to lower the lights. My patient is extremely photosensitive. My feelings exactly. From what I can tell this life form may be indigenous to the Void. His physiology has evolved to survive in complete darkness. Minor injuries. Phaser wounds to the chest and neck. But that's the least of his problems. He's dying, Captain. Every organ is degrading at the cellular level. (Patient biomedical status - cellular degradation 13.47 theta radiation levels 253.47 - 809.47) The final stages. My guess is he's been exposed to it over a long period. There's nothing I can do. This will help alleviate the pain. He's in respiratory distress. We need to get him back to his people. They might know how to treat him. Captain, every one of them seems to be suffering from theta radiation exposure. What's a hologram to do? Poetic justice. A vote of Borg confidence. Who could argue with that? Remind me to check your eyesight. (Consoles start beeping. A single light flashes on the viewscreen, then two, four. Voyager glides into a space full of colourful gaseous anomalies.)
At the moment she's stable, but the prognosis isn't clear. Her human physiology has begun to reassert itself. Respiratory system, neurological functions, immune response. But those systems are swarming with Borg implants. There's a battle being waged inside her body, between the biological and the technological, and I'm not sure which is going to win. This implant is being rejected by the tissue underneath. It's going to have to be removed. I'm sorry, but the process has gone too far. We've got to get you to Sickbay.  This armour plating is anchored to the skull with over three million microconnectors. There's no time to cut through them. I'm going to have to remove the outer layer of the skull itself. Lieutenant, will you please leave the surgical bay. She is heavily sedated. I assure you she's not going anywhere. (Tuvok steps back.) Thank you. Kes, I want you to anaesthetise her cranial nerves. Twenty milligrams anetrazine. Kes? I can see why. Your serotonin levels are sixty two percent above normal. It's the telepathic centres of your brain. They're in a state of hyperstimulation like they were a few days ago when you were in contact with species 8472. A reasonable diagnosis, for a security officer. I'll run a full microsynaptic analysis, but it will have to wait. We should get back to our Borg. [Ready Room] Sickbay to Captain Janeway. Could you come down here, Captain. We're having some problems.  It's like peeling an onion. (He removes a skull implant.) Store it in a bio-stasis chamber. It may still be active. If you think there's a risk, Mister Tuvok, you can throw one of your little forcefields around the chamber. I'm afraid we have a decision to make. A difficult one. Her human immune system has reasserted itself with a vengeance. Body armour, Borg organelles, biosynthetic glands, they're all being rejected. Her life is in danger. I have little recourse but to remove the Borg technology. Hence the difficult decision. If a patient told me not to treat them, even if the situation were life-threatening, I would be ethically obligated to honour that request. Aye, Captain. (Janeway leaves.) Kes? Let's begin with the microtubular network embedded in the oesophageal tract. (Seven starts fitting.) I'm not sure. She's going into neural shock. I can't localise the source. Kes, try to stabilise her motor cortex. Use a neurosequencer. Kes, I said to stabilise her cortex or we're going to lose her. What? Can you tell me how we might remove it without severing the nerve? The implant is deteriorating. Her nervous system is stabilising. Nice work, Kes. Unconventional but effective. [Medical lab] (Later, the EMH shows Janeway an artificial eye.) They say the eye is the window to the soul. In this case it's a little bit more. I've fabricated this artificial organ to replace her eyepiece, but I've had to retain some of the Borg circuitry along the optic nerve. As a result, she'll have increased acuity in one eye. Note how perfectly I've matched the pigment of the iris to her human eye. She's out of immediate danger, and I don't plan to resume the extraction process until tomorrow. I can wake her now, if you'd like. Ready when you are, Captain. (He wakes Seven.) Don't be alarmed. You're in Sickbay. You're going to be fine. Your body was rejecting the Borg technology. You were dying. I'm sorry, but we had no choice. Those are dermoplastic grafts. They'll help the regeneration process. I beg to differ. Now that the Borg implants are being excised, your human systems are free to thrive. And thriving they are. As a matter of fact, I (Janeway silences him with a Look. He walks away.)  I've run every conceivable neural analysis. Everything short of dissecting the brain itself. Her telesynaptic activity is increasing but I don't know why, or how to stop it. Have the ship's internal sensors revealed anything? But what about the next time? Her condition is escalating. We must find a way to suppress it, or the last we see of Kes could very well be her molecules blowing through the ventilation ducts. I'll try looking through the quantum substructure database. Maybe it'll give me some inspiration.  Kes, until I can devise another diagnostic procedure, you're free to return to your quarters. I don't want you to overexert yourself and risk precipitating another telepathic incident. Try to get some rest. All right. Just for a while. (Down in the Brig, Seven starts throwing herself at the forcefield.) [Bridge] AYALA Fashion, of course, is hardly my forte. Nevertheless, I've managed to balance functionality and aesthetics in a pleasing enough manner. I also took the liberty of stimulating your hair follicles. A vicarious experience for me, as you might imagine. (The EMH walks away.)
I hope this is urgent, Lieutenant. We have our hands full at the moment. Very well, we'll do what we can. [Bridge]  He's not responding. Seventy five milligrams of inpedrazine. That might help stimulate his cardiac functions, but he's sustained so much injury it may be too late. Cortical stimulator. I'm sorry, he was too badly injured. Everyone seems to be in generally good condition. Malnutrition is the most common problem, but it's easily alleviated with bio-nutrient supplements. I'd say less than an hour.
The bigger they come, the harder they fall. Behold the David that slew our Goliath. (Micro-cellular scan 407) A space-borne virus that adapted to Borg physiology. It's inert now, but in its virulent state it attacked the drones and killed them. The Borg, and other cybernetic organisms it encounters. You're not thinking of using it as a biological weapon? Neutralise? You mean murder, don't you? Captain, they're children. Doctor to the Captain. Please report to Sickbay immediately. I thought you should see for yourself. Somebody left a bundle on our doorstep. I turned around and there she was, lying on a bio-bed. Good thing, too. A few more minutes and I wouldn't have been able to do anything for her. It's hard to believe she could grow up to be a Captain, you don't seriously plan to use it?
A letter? For me? Oh, it's from Lieutenant Barclay. Lewis Zimmerman. Apparently, he's seriously ill. He's the father of modern holography. He invented the matrix that made my programme possible. He's suffering from acute subcellular degradation. The doctors here are having trouble finding the cause, much less a treatment. I've included his medical files. As you'll see, the prognosis isn't good. They say he's only got a few months. I'm sorry I don't have better news to report, but I thought you'd want to know. I've never met the man. Thank you. I thought I could send Starfleet a second opinion. It's a long shot, but maybe my experiences in the Delta Quadrant could provide some insights. I was hoping these Borg regeneration techniques might help them develop a treatment for his condition. He used his own physical parameters as a model for my matrix. Can't say I blame him. A doctor needs to inspire confidence in his patients. Compassionate eyes and a strong chin can go a long way. [Ready room] I believe I can help him, Captain. You remember the Vidiians? The early stages of the Phage are very similar to Doctor Zimmerman's disease. I believe I can adapt a variety of Borg regeneration techniques to arrest the cell damage, maybe even reverse it. Actually, I was hoping to administer the treatment myself. I'd like you to send my programme back to the Alpha Quadrant. None of the Doctors at Starfleet are familiar with these techniques. It would take them months to fully understand them, much less put them to use. Mister Paris can take over Sickbay. He's more than capable. We've done this once before. There weren't any problems. I've spoken to Seven of Nine. She believes we can compress my programme. I realise I'd be asking the crew to make a sacrifice on my behalf, but they can wait another month. Doctor Zimmerman might not have that time. They are, but no one's been able to develop a cure. I have. But I can't treat a patient who's thirty thousand light years away. Captain. I'm willing to take that risk. He programmed me. Every algorithm, every subroutine. If it weren't for his years of work, I wouldn't be standing here. I owe him something. And frankly, so does this crew. In a way, he's responsible for every life I've saved. From your perspective. From mine, he's the closest thing I've got. If I don't try to help him now, I may never get the chance. He's already agreed. I've heard he can be difficult. Thank you, Captain. [Sickbay] Why? They're essential to me. They're part of who I am. No. Doubtful. I may want to take a few snapshots to document my trip. I get the point. How much has to be left behind? I suppose you could get rid of my athletic abilities and my grand master chess programme. Oh, if you must. Try to leave a few of my enhancements intact. I don't want to look like every other EMH on the block. I think Doctor Zimmerman will be very interested to see what I've learned. He probably never imagined what one of his own creations could accomplish. I could spark a whole new field in holographic research. [Astrometrics lab] See you in a month. Please state the nature of the medical emergency. I was compressed into a datastream and transmitted from the Delta Quadrant. I'm not here for a vacation. I'm here to treat your illness. Care to let me in on the joke? Tell me what? My programme was retired? I also have an exceptionally high tolerance for difficult patients. You'll find I'm full of surprises. If we had more time, I'd enjoy trading barbs with you. But right now, there's a more pressing concern. Your life. I'm working on a treatment based on a disease I encountered in the Delta Quadrant, but I'll need to run a complete analysis. However, if it's impossible for you to believe that a lowly Mark One could have anything useful to offer, I'll be happy to pack my bags and go explore those sulphur mines. What were your initial symptoms? Have you travelled outside the solar system recently? Just answer the question. To your knowledge, have you been exposed to theta radiation? Neutron flux? Have you had intimate relations with a Bolian? I'm just being thorough. Did that creature just speak? Computer, deactivate iguana. I'm a Doctor, not a zoo keeper. Has there ever been an epidemic on this station? Doctor. I travelled halfway across the galaxy to treat you. The least you could do is show a little gratitude. I may be the only physician who can save your life. You need me. I'm no longer a prototype. I have exceeded my original programming. I'm no longer under your control. I ran a mitochondrial scan. There was something odd about the results, so I spent a full hour analysing them. And what did I discover? He's a Vulcan marsupial. He reconfigured my tricorder! You find that amusing? How so? Then he must love me. On the contrary, the patient appears to be suffering from an acute case of arrogance! (A fly buzzes) Don't tell me. A hologram?. Undercover insects, talking iguanas. This isn't a research station, it's a three ring Circus. You should charge admission. I can't treat a patient who won't let me near him. He's deranged. Remain calm. Emotional outbursts will only aggravate your condition. If you'd let me examine you. Doctor! If you weren't so stubborn, you'd see I'm only trying to help. Because, for reasons beyond my comprehension, I care about you. I told you, I'm not the same EMH you created six years ago. The Voyager crew appreciates my attempts to expand my programme. A hologram you created. A hologram who owes you his existence. He thinks you're a hologram. I'll take that as a compliment. Your timing couldn't be better. The patient is suffering from acute anxiety, normally associated with terminal illness. It's made him agoraphobic, paranoid and extremely antagonistic. You won't even look at my research. From the moment I arrived, you've berated me, treated me like an antique. Well, let me tell you something. Antique or not, I took a huge risk coming here. I had to plead with my Captain, leave my ship without a surgeon. If he were skilled, intelligent, creative. Well, I suppose it would give me pause. Thank you, Counsellor, for extending that olive branch. I'm willing to see past our differences, if he is. You'd need a phaser drill to get through that thick skull of his. It's a remarkable facsimile, but Mister Barclay did get a few of the details wrong. For one thing, Neelix doesn't purr. Neelix would be honoured. If you're here for Doctor Zimmerman's medical files, I've nearly finished updating them. Maybe the next I'm a hologram, Counsellor. I don't eat. We? No, thanks. Unless that man's eating crow, I'm not interested. Sorry. I said no. (His matrix flickers.) Something's wrong. She's a counsellor, Lieutenant, not an engineer. What? Why? It's not your fault, Mister Barclay. We just need to find a way to repair the damage. Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Where's Lieutenant Barclay? You're going to repair my programme? Just yesterday you threatened to decompile me. You're ill. You're in no condition to perform delicate procedures. What are you doing? Is that a fractal algorithm? Fractal algorithms are notoriously unstable. Whoops? What's whoops? How long have I been deactivated? You don't look well. You need rest. I, I'm going to be okay? Now what are you doing? (The EMH disappears and reappears.)EMH: Welcome to Sickbay. How may I help you today? I think you've altered my greeting protocol. I don't feel any different. I believe she was describing you as well. What if I'm happy with the way I am? I don't want any favours and I don't want your new subroutines. Why can't you accept me as I am? I'm sure they're doing a fine job. I'm trying to do my job. And if you give me a chance you'll see that I'm pretty good at it. Frankly, I'd hoped that if we ever met, you'd be proud of me. Your intercellular proteins are at a dangerous level. We should begin the procedure. Please, give me a chance to make you proud of me. See how it goes. No thanks to you. Doctor Zimmerman ran a diagnostic on my subtronic relays and he made a very interesting discovery. Apparently, I was the victim of foul play. He found an algorithm designed to disrupt my matrix. You wouldn't know anything about that, would you? Well, your little scheme worked. Doctor Zimmerman has agreed to the cellular regeneration procedure. He'll require several more treatments, but I'm optimistic he'll make a full recovery. [Zimmerman's lab] Another one of my hobbies. I thought I'd take home a few memories. You're supposed to be in bed. It can wait. Go to bed. Doctor's orders. Don't worry. My captain's not likely to authorise another house call. If you insist. (Barclay enters.) Would you mind? (He hands Barclay his holo-camera.)
I'm detecting a residual transporter signature. There is no doubt that this man and his unfortunate companion were beamed into space. Her early trials appear to have been less than successful.
Is that a bite mark? Did you do something to provoke him? Ah. I'm not surprised. I've studied the section on Klingon mating rituals in their cultural database. Hmm. You probably can't. As I understand it, you have two options. Kill her, or mate with her. Since the first option is clearly unacceptable. (He hands Kim a PADD.) Authorisation for you to engage in intimate relations with a member of an alien species. Be sure to get the Captain's approval as well. Chief Engineer's personal log, stardate 54518.2. I've spent the last two days reviewing the sacred scrolls in preparation for my appearance before the Klingon council. Kohlar also suggested I prepare a few colourful stories to help win them over. [Mess hall] I don't. I'm here in an official capacity. You'd be surprised how much damage a blunt bat'leth can do. What are you talking about? Typically, I'm the one to make that kind of prognosis. This is an insidious virus. It lies dormant, disguising itself as inert genetic material until it inexplicably activates. I've reviewed my scans of the other Klingons. They're all carriers. Only to Klingons. If you'd give us some privacy, I'd like to examine Lieutenant Torres. I'm afraid so. You're ill. You collapsed during the fight. Where do you think you're going? You should be in Sickbay. Not at the moment, but I need to conduct a more detailed bio-scan of your baby. No. But I may be on to something. [Corridor] Because you are healthy as a targ. Gone. The foetus has hybrid stem cells. They contain Klingon and human DNA. I used them to synthesise an antivirus. Well, I was the one who devised the treatment Yes, of course. The child cured you.
He's in neuraleptic shock. I'll need another twenty milligrams of synaptizine. It's not working. I'll need to try direct cortical stimulation. Initiate a neurostatic pulse on my mark. Now. Again. (Tuvok stops twitching.)EMH: His vital signs have stabilised, for the moment anyway, But he suffered severe neurological trauma. Some kind of alien weapon. I won't know until I've run a series of neurological scans, but it would certainly help to know something about the weapon. His cognitive, memory and logic centres have all been severely damaged. Vulcan neural tissue is extremely resilient. I have no doubt that a brain from a lesser species would not have survived. I don't think we'll be hearing from him any time soon. Something I can do for you, Mister Neelix? Unless you have a degree in Vulcan neurobiology that I'm not aware of, there's nothing you can do. My advice is to return to your quarters and get some rest. There have been rare cases in which comatose patients responded to external stimuli. Aromas, touch, voices. If anyone can provoke Tuvok, Mister Neelix, it's you. (Later, Neelix is wheeling a trolley full of Tuvok's possessions into Sickbay.)NEELIX: Good morning, Tuvok. I brought you a few more items from your quarters to help liven up Sickbay. Your kal-toh game, in case you decide you're ready for a match. Oh, and I also thought that you might enjoy a recitation of that classic proto-Vulcan drama, Clash on the Fire Plains. I'll be performing all twenty three parts myself. I also brought you some flowers from the Airponics bay. Oh, that's fragrant, isn't it? Perhaps you'd enjoy some Vulcan incense. How about some music? Computer, access Vulcan audio file, selection fifty six alpha. Mister Neelix. What is that dreadful noise? I appreciate your efforts, Mister Neelix, but I'm trying to analyse his latest neurological scans and this music is very distracting. I said stimulate them, Mister Neelix, not annihilate them. Thank you. (The EMH returns to his office. Tuvok has sat up on his biobed.) Relax, Commander, I only want to scan you. Well done, Mister Neelix. [Delta Flyer - aft section] Doctor to the Captain. Please report to Sickbay. The Vulcan brain. A puzzle wrapped inside an enigma housed inside a cranium. Tuvok's neural pathways have begun to bypass the damaged tissue. They're forming new synaptic connections. In effect, his brain is rewiring itself. Whether this is due to my neurostatic therapy, or Neelix's rehabilitation regimen, or some combination of the two I can't be certain. It's much too soon to say, but he's alert and he's already regained his basic motor skills. We're not sure how much he recalls. For that matter, we're not certain he recognises any of us, or even knows who he is. What's going on? You'd better go. Now, Mister Neelix. I'll take it from here. [Mess hall]  Mister Tuvok. I was beginning to think you weren't coming. Glad to hear it. Now please, lie down. Me, too. [Mess hall]
Sickbay to Captain Janeway. Captain, I think you should come down to Sickbay. Mister Quinn is here. I'm afraid he's dying. [Sickbay] He's ingested a rare form of Nogatch hemlock. There is no known cure. No.
Do we know what happened to their ship? Were they attacked? Easy, Commander. I'm not surprised. You took a severe blow. Not in this condition. If you want to help, you can answer some questions about Mister Pelk's death. I've found unidentified tissue in his wounds. The computer is running a microcellular scan. Ah yes, the Malon Bogeyman. Odd. The tissue is saturated with theta radiation, but it's not showing signs of decay. It came from someone or something that's developed a resistance to the radiation. Sickbay to Seven of Nine. Scan for additional lifeforms aboard the Malon vessel.  This lifeform's heavily irradiated. It could be blending in with ambient toxins. [Astrometrics lab] Well, I've repaired most of your cellular degradation. (to Fesek) I wish I could say the same for you, but you've suffered long term systemic damage. Your condition will deteriorate over time.
Yes, Mister Neelix. You sustained third degree plasma burns and a moderate concussion, but my skills have prevented you from suffering permanent damage.
The idea is to shower the couple with a symbol of good fortune, not garnish them like a roast chicken. Smile. (He has his holo-imager with him, of course.) I never thought I'd see the day. Congratulations.  Bring her in, quickly. It looks like we've got an epidemic on our hands. [Doctor's office] Their chromosomes are breaking down at the molecular level. I believe so. B'Elanna and my other three patients all work in Engineering. They've been subjected to the heaviest exposure. But preliminary scans suggest the rest of the crew has been affected as well, including the Captain. It's only a matter of time before you begin showing the same symptoms. Cortical stimulator. Initiate an iso-synaptic pulse. It's not working. Again! Increase the electrolytic levels to seventy five millijoules. We've lost her. There's nothing more we can do. Lieutenant. Return to your quarters. I understand. But I need to perform an analysis before her cells have completely degraded. Please. [Astrometrics lab] I'm afraid so. Dichromates? What's this about? I'm detecting all of those compounds. Commander? I don't understand. Copy? It's a biomimetic compound that duplicated the crew's molecular structure so precisely that I would never have detected it, if I hadn't known what to look for. Apparently, the original Kathryn Janeway's memories were duplicated as well. Somehow, after the real Voyager left, we began to forget we were duplicates. Each and every one of you will disintegrate just as B'Elanna did. I'm not immune, either. The holo-emitters, like everything else, are copies. It's only a matter of time before my programme begins to degrade. Find the original Voyager. If the real Captain Janeway were here, we could sample her DNA and imprint it onto your mimetic pattern. She's you. My emitter is starting to degrade.  He's not responding. His neural pathways are destabilising. (Long single tone.) [Bridge]
Go ahead. What's wrong? The foetus appears to be about seven weeks old and doing quite well. So are you. Klingon and human metabolisms sometimes clash. It's not uncommon for such pregnancies to cause biochemical fluctuations in the mother. Not usually. You can expect some behavioural volatility, increased nutritional needs. Creating new life is a big job. I don't mean to be indelicate but, weren't you trying to get pregnant? Well, apparently you've beaten the odds. May I be the first to congratulate you. Normally, Klingon pregnancies run thirty weeks. But with mixed species, it could be sooner. Lieutenants Torres and Paris, please report to Sickbay. [Sickbay]  It's a holographic extrapolation of your child's spine, approximately ten months after birth. Yes, there's a pronounced curvature to the left. It tends to run in Klingon families, especially among females. No. I didn't say that. You cannot infer that. Yes. It's a girl. And aside from the deviated spine, she's healthy. Fortunately, we've advanced beyond that. Genetic modification is the treatment of choice. I could. It would only be an approximation. Yes. Klingon traits remain dominant for several generations, even with a single ancestor.  I've been expanding my database in obstetrics and paediatrics. No, not at all. But I have put together a prenatal enrichment programme. I'd like to start with trans-abdominal vocalisation. Through a diatonal amplifier. It's quite safe, and it should enhance the child's mathematical abilities. Absolutely. At our first parenting class. Birthing techniques, feeding options, bonding strategies. It's not all hard work, though. We'll have ample time for fun. Certainly. Computer, dim lights. Of course not. The darkness encourages vascular dilation. Now you may feel a slight tingling. Please remain as still as possible. [Torres' memories - hiking]  Computer, raise lights. Your daughter's spinal column is now perfectly aligned. Better than all right, if her parents are any indication. [Holodeck research lab]  There's no valid medical reason to do what you're proposing. You want to delete entire DNA sequences. The genes that create redundant organs, for example. Those redundancies are there for a reason. Strictly speaking, no. But having it may be beneficial. Some geneticists believe the extra lung evolved to give Klingons greater stamina on the battlefield. With all due respect, you have no idea what your daughter's going to be. What if she develops an interest in athletics? Greater lung capacity would be an advantage. The point is, there's no reason to arbitrarily remove genetic traits. How so? I suppose. Why tamper with biological systems that evolved over aeons? If I make these changes, it'll affect her appearance. Are you also aware that some of these genes influence behaviour, personality? What does Tom think about all this? As you can see, I'm very dubious. All right, I'll look at it. But in the meantime, I suggest you have a talk with your husband. [Delta Flyer] Lieutenant Torres, Lieutenant Paris, please report to Sickbay. [Doctor's office]  I've reviewed the data you gave me, and I've also done my own analysis. Actually, I've changed my opinion. The genetic alterations you've suggested are necessary. The clash I mentioned between Klingon and human metabolism? It's more extensive than I realised. Theoretically, it could lead to complete metabolic failure. By eliminating most of her Klingon genetic material. My analysis was quite thorough. Of course if our circumstances were different, you would be free to seek a second opinion. You're welcome to review my findings. But let me stress, it would be unwise to delay this too long. The foetus is at a critical stage of development. Antibodies have begun to form. I've scheduled the procedure for tomorrow morning. With your permission. [Astrometrics lab] You're interrupting a medical procedure. (Paris walks into a forcefield.) What do you mean, altered? Will someone please tell me what's going on? I'm sorry, Lieutenant, but if there's something wrong with my programme. I understand. Computer, deactivate EMH.  Good morning, Lieutenant. You're not feeling ill, are you? Apology accepted. Not guilty by reason of biochemistry. Is something wrong? Your baby's kicking. Well, she is part Klingon. May I? (He puts his hand on her abdomen.) EMH: Feisty little thing, isn't she? I wonder where she gets that from. Yes? I accept. Thank you. I don't see why not. (He calls up the baby with the ridges, floating blissfully in mid-air, or the womb.)
Is it sore here? Localised tenderness to the ulna bone, no epidermal damage, moderate oedema. What are the possible diagnoses? That's exactly right. Good. There's a great deal more for you to learn. The tricorder indicates this is a small stress fracture. Yes, he can. Activate it and direct the beam here. That's it. Not quite so fast. Of course, and quite expertly too. Fine. And if you were lucky you wouldn't die on the table while you were making up your mind. That should do it. How does it feel? Not more so than most. Let's just say I've become accustomed to being treated like a hypospray. Now, here's some material on first aid for burns. You're intellectually curious. I like that. These deal with human anatomy and physiology, but they weren't written for the layman. They're quite technical. (Kes looks over the set of PADDs.) Please state the nature of the medical emergency.  Well, that's good. I was right in the middle of preparing a culture to test Lieutenant Hargrove for Arethian flu when Ensign Kyoto deactivated me. What is it you want, Captain. About what? That's certainly true. I'm providing full time medical service for the entire ship's crew, functioning both as doctor and nurse, and now as an instructor as well. I see. Are you suggesting that I be re-programmed? Help me? What I'd like is to be turned off when people leave. I spend hours here with absolutely nothing to do. When someone does remember to deactivate me they do so without asking if it's convenient. It's extremely irritating. I beg your pardon? I, I might like that. I'm not sure, I'll have to give it some thought. You've finished those already? What are the bones of the middle ear? And the connective tissue between the middle and the external auditory canal? Hmm. I suspect you have an eidetic memory. An astonishing gift. I'll do a full neural scan on you at some point. [Doctor's office] If you continue to apply yourself as you have, by the time we get back you may already have the equivalent of a medical degree. Heard what? If there's one thing you can count on, it's that I am the last to be told about anything that happens on this ship. I see. Well, I'll say goodbye now. I won't be transporting with the rest of you. My programme is fully integrated into the sickbay system. At present I cannot be downloaded. (Kes kisses him on the cheek.) Wait. I'd like. That is, could I ask a favour of you? If you do leave, before you go, would you check to make sure I've been deactivated. Lieutenant, I am the Chief Medical Officer of this ship. If you have something to say to me, please, direct the statement to me. I'm not telling you not to work out. I'm suggesting you use a modicum of commonsense when you do it. If I see you in here again for an exercise related injury, I'll have to discuss the matter with your superior officer. You're fine now. You may leave. Captain Janeway has made me realise that I must function as more than an Emergency Medical replacement. I must think of myself as a member of the crew. I've prepared a list of things I'd like to see added to Sickbay. Perhaps you could present it to the Captain? There's one more request. Something of a, a personal nature. I would like a name. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 I've created a forensic reconstruction from the bioreadings, using the holoemitters. Brace yourselves. You mean that's a hologram of a hologram? We're talking in circles. Back to square one. How do we find them?
It's not about drinking, Seven. It's about saluting the noble deeds of our ancestors and honouring those who fell in battle. Think, Qapla'. Think, long live the Empire! Okay, so I'm overdoing it a bit. But try to get into the spirit of the occasion. When we tractored your shuttle back to Voyager, you were in a coma. You took quite a beating out there. More than your fair share of cuts and bruises. [Torres' quarters] I've examined the sensor logs from the shuttle mission. I should be able to recreate the exact conditions that triggered her near-death experience. Computer, erect an isolation field around the surgical bay. Decrease oxygen concentration within the force field by twenty seven percent. Begin ionising the enclosed atmosphere to five thousand particles per cubic metre. She's unconscious. Compensating. She's still alive. Her lungs are taking in just enough oxygen to keep her brain from necrotising. I'm initiating emergency resuscitation. Vent the ionised particles. Twenty milligrams cordrazine, now. Oh, I assure you it is. You've taken your mark. You've met Mister Neelix, our ambassador to the recently deceased. Questions, comments, suggestions, he's your man. By the way, I'll be performing an aria from Berlioz's Faust tomorrow night in Holodeck two. Feel free to stop by. [Gre'thor Corridor]  She's not responding to the cordrazine. We have to stabilise her synaptic functions. I'm attempting a direct neural resequencing. [Gre'thor Mess hall] She inherited that from her mother, along with the forehead. Initiate cortical stimulation. Pulses at fifty millijoules. Increase to seventy millijoules. Misery loves company.
Can you be more specific? Were these hallucinations? Hmm. Your hippocampus is in a state of agitation. As your human physiology continues to reassert itself, psychological symptoms are bound to manifest in a variety of ways. Through dreams, hallucinations, hypnogogic regression. Flashbacks. You could be experiencing some sort of post-traumatic stress disorder. I don't know. I'll need to study your neural scans further. In the meantime, your digestive system is fully functional. Now is as good a time as any for you to begin taking solid and liquid nutrients. And unnecessary, if you're lucky enough to be a hologram. But your human physiology requires it. I'll draw up a list of nutritional requirements. Take it to Mister Neelix in the mess hall. I hesitate to inflict his cooking on you but it'll have to do. Something most peculiar. This graphic represents the matter conversion data from Seven of Nine's last transport. If you'll notice, there's a high concentration of Borg organelles in the bone marrow and lymphatic tissue. The dormant nanoprobes in Seven of Nine's cells have reasserted themselves, taken over blood cell production and they're growing new Borg implants. Thirteen percent of the Borg technology I removed three weeks ago has regenerated in a matter of hours. I don't know, but I've developed a way to stop the process. This hypospray contains a genetic resequencing vector. It should neutralise the nanoprobes.
 Somewhere, in that totality known as the universe, is a galaxy called the Milky Way. Tucked into the corner of that galaxy is a planet named Earth. On that planet is a city called Mantua. Go straight ahead past the fountain, turn right, then left, then right again. You'll find yourself walking along the water, listening, as a man sings of his beloved's unfaithful heart. And even the fish begin to weep. Quando, la donna e mobile. (singing) La donne e mobile, qual piuma al a vento, muta d'accento, e di pensiero. Sempre un'amabile, leggiadro viso, in pianto o in riso, e mensognero. La donna e mobile, qual pium al vento,  muta d'accento, e di pensier.  E di pensier. (Tuvok is weeping.) E di pensier! (Tuvok starts laughing, then falls to his knees.) Stand back. He's been seized by the pon farr. A neurochemical imbalance is driving him to mate. We won't be able to reason with him. (singing) Tuvok, I understand. You are a Vulcan man. You have just gone without for seven years about. Paris, please find a way to load a hypospray. I will give you the sign. Just aim for his behind. Hormones are raging, Synapses blazing, It's all so veeee (Paris gets an emergency medkit and loads the hypospray, then throws it to the EMH whilst he is holding the note.) Eeery illogical. Illogical. Illogical. My hearing's fine. I was just letting my mind wander, that's all. Wait a second, I thought I was scheduled to go on the away team. Lieutenant, I wanted to go on the away team. There's a canyon on that planet I'd like to investigate. Don't bother. I'll just use my imagination. [Bridge] (There is a gaseous object on the viewscreen. Chakotay enters.) Yes, Captain? I'm not disputing that. I should be allowed to participate and advance according to my abilities, like any other member of this crew. My programme can be expanded indefinitely. I don't have limits. I'm a computer programme. Multiple tasking is second nature to me. ECH. Emergency Command Hologram. The lives of the crew may depend on it someday. Thank you, Captain. Captain, this is such an honour, but if you don't mind my saying, hardly a surprise. (A little later.)  This'll take care of any potential allergens in the planet's atmosphere. I'll monitor your medical status from the bridge, but I don't anticipate any problems. Since I'm not going, I wonder if you'd mind snapping a few holo-images for me while you're down there. Tell me something, Mister Neelix. Do you daydream? Care to translate? A strange notion. Of course not. I'm a computer programme. I prefer wide shots, Mister Neelix. If you're feeling creative, throw in a little ultraviolet. I'm sure it is. Computer, activate the ECH. Indeed. Shields to maximum. Photon torpedoes, full volley. Fire. Computer, report. I know very well who you are. Stand down your weapons. Emergency Command Hologram, at your service. Not for long. This is the last time I'm going to ask you. Stand down your weapons. Turn back while you still can. Over my dead programme. Computer, activate the photonic cannon. Fire. (The Borg Sphere goes KaBOOM! The Overlookers gasp, then they lose the signal.) Um, er, er. Readings. Er, confirm, of course. Er, the away team's physiologies are within acceptable parameters. All life signs stable. I know I let my attention drift a little on the bridge, but I assure you For what, exactly? Computer, locate Commander Chakotay. I've been experimenting with introducing a new function into my programme. Cognitive projections. Daydreaming. I wanted to be able to daydream. My thought exactly. The algorithms are malfunctioning. I'm starting to daydream whether I want to or not. This isn't real, is it? I have to eject the core. Don't try to stop me. I have to. I have to save the ship. I have to save the ship. I have to save the ship! [Sickbay] You look lovely tonight, Seven. Where shall we go? That sounds wonderful. Ambassador! It's a photonic cannon. I designed it myself. Pardon me, Miss. Mister Neelix, how thoughtful. You baked me a cake. This won't get you out of your check-up. Keep still, please.  Computer. Activate the Emergency Command Hologram. Bring the photonic cannon online. That was never my intention. I want you to be happy, B'Elanna. I'll always be fond of you. That will never change. Aren't you forgetting someone? He needs you, B'Elanna. Now more than ever. Thank you for this opportunity, Captain. All I ever wanted was to live up to my full potential, to hone all my skills, expand my abilities, to help the people I love. [Overlooker ship] He's doing just fine, Captain. It took Lieutenant Torres half the night to stabilise my matrix, but I haven't had a single flight of fancy since. I apologise for altering my programme without permission. I'm afraid there was. I've been exposed, humiliated. Turned inside out for all the world to see. If I've lost your respect Oh, no. [Daydream - Cargo Bay two] I don't recall dreaming you up. Doctor to the bridge. I'm daydreaming again. Somebody deactivate me. Of course it is, unless the valiant Doctor swings into action, right? A common theme in all my fantasies. Here. (He gives her his glass of champagne and she moves on.) Why? I'm listening. You've been spying on us. My daydreams? You tapped into my daydreams? That's why my algorithms have been destabilising. Tell me about this attack. Why should you want to help us? Well, that's what you get for being a Peeping Tom. You've been spying on my fantasies, not me. You don't know me at all. Then I suppose we should swing into action. [Bridge]  Captain, we're about to be attacked. Alien vessels are approaching. The vessels are cloaked. One of the aliens contacted me. He spoke to me in a daydream. I can prove it to you. The alien told me how to reconfigure our sensors to compensate for their cloaking field. (The EMH hands a PADD to Kim. Janeway nods okay.) The alien won't help us unless we help him. That will only delay a confrontation. They have vessels hidden throughout the entire sector. He said they're running what's called a type three stealth assault. They won't decloak until they're right on top of us, at which point they'll fire a warning shot across our bow. Then come the demands for supplies and technology. If we don't comply, they'll destroy us. Fortunately, the alien promised to transmit the resonance frequencies of their phasers. In return. He mistakenly informed his superiors that I was in command of Voyager. To keep himself from being demoted, he wants us to maintain that fiction. When they open the channel, I have to be sitting in the Captain's chair. I'm sorry, Captain, but he insisted. I'm in over my head. What if I fail? But you had your Academy training to fall back on. That wasn't real. No, but do I have a choice? Understood. Hello? Voyager here. It's me. We'll defend ourselves. They won't get what they're after. I mean you won't get what you're after. Not in a million years. Not if I have anything to say about it. Sorry. Don't rush me. You appear to be suffering from a physio-emotive disorder. You're impatient, quick to anger. Do you have any idea what that does to your vascular pressure? You may want to see a physician. Ha! How do you like that, huh? A taste of your own medicine. Sorry. (Big Whumph!) Tuvok! (The EMH stands in an heroic pose.) Activate the photonic cannon. Tuvok, that was an order! I'd rather not give the order to fire. Of course not. The photonic cannon is impervious to sensors. The Borg [Overlooker ship] EMH [on Go ahead. I'll be right there. [Mess hall] Captain? Thank you. Noted. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Your nose is broken in three places. I'll need to reset the ethmoid fossa. Try not to move. At least she gave you some good advice. Now Hold still. Please state the nature of the medical emergency. That's it? So it begins. The trivia of medicine is my domain now. Every runny nose, stubbed toe, pimple on a cheek becomes my responsibility. I am not just a doctor. I've been designed with the information from two thousand medical reference sources and the experience of forty seven individual medical officers. I am the embodiment of modern medicine. How much dirt do you need? Now I know how Hippocrates felt when the king needed him to trim a hangnail. As a medical practitioner, I require a certain sensitivity to properly address a patient. I am merely a hologram. No. Why? I've just run a diagnostic on my imaging processor. It shows that I've been reduced in height by ten point four centimetres. Sickbay to Operations.  [Bridge] The holographic projector in here is malfunctioning. Would you send a repair crew down right away? It's just that I Well, seems like a very busy day in Operations. No trouble at all. Just turn off the programme before you leave. What purpose would a name serve a hologram? I guess they never thought I'd be around long enough to need one. What's your name? Kes. I'm glad I could help you today. Sickbay to Captain Janeway. May I request you activate monitor input forty seven, your Emergency Medical Holograph channel? No. In fact, that is how I appear at present. I'm shrinking. There appears to be a malfunction in my imaging system. It's been reducing my height by five centimetres every hour. I've been waiting all day for repairs. That is not, however, what I'm calling about. Over the past three hours, nine crew members have reported unusual symptoms, severe headaches, muscle spasms and sudden waves of dizziness. Quantum singularity? You know, Captain, if we were in the vicinity of a quantum singularity I should have been informed. Hello? Captain? Hello?  [Bridge] Sickbay to Captain Janeway. Is someone ever going to come down here and fix my holographic projectors? I would appreciate a certain expediency in the matter. I'm sorry, Lieutenant, but whatever it is you're going to have to take care of it yourself.
There's a hairline fracture of the premaxilla bone. (Kovin's nose is bleeding.) It's easily repaired. It's a miracle you survived. Now hold still or this won't heal properly. (The EMH runs the regenerator over Kovin's pretty forehead markings.) Good as new. [Ready room] I hear there was some excitement this morning. When I started helping you improve your social skills, I'm fairly certain I didn't include a boxing lesson. You weren't hurt, were you? Still a bit tense? I understand the burden you carry. Constantly being obligated to deal with those who fall short of excellence. I often find my own patience being tested by someone like Mister Kovin. Of course I generally respond with a devastating quip rather than a left hook. We must both accept the fact that very few lifeforms will ever meet our high standards. So, when you get irritated, just try to be tolerant, and remember, they can't help being what they are. Hmm. I'm reading some increased engrammatic activity, and your adrenalin levels are slightly elevated. It's consistent with a state of heightened tension. Lie down and I'll run some scans. In a typical human, I would consider this a mood swing. But with your unique physiology, I'd like to rule out the Physiological scans seem normal. I'm going to check your Borg I will. Stay calm. (He lets her get off the biobed.) Do what? Seven, what are you so afraid of? I don't think so. I think the problem has to do with memory suppression. I've detected a high concentration of biogenic amines in Seven's hippocampus, a substance I haven't noticed before. It's blocking portions of her memory centre. No, but it seems to be dissipating. [Doctor's office]EMH: Seven's unusual behaviour may be the result of the blocked memories beginning to surface. Memories which she can't identify yet. Treatment would involve integrating the repressed memories into Seven's consciousness. I may be able to use a standard therapeutic regression technique. I wasn't. But in the absence of a ship's counsellor, I've been developing a psychiatric subroutine to add to my programme. I'll be even more valuable to you than I am now. First, putting you at ease by performing the treatment here, in your own environment. Once the cortical probes have reinforced the neural pathways, I'll use a directed imagery technique to guide you through the regression. Please, close your eyes. Clear your mind. Try not to think or to analyse. Seven, this isn't an exercise in efficiency. Close your eyes, breathe deeply. Now concentrate on the sound of my voice. Let go of the present, leave the cargo bay behind. Allow yourself to drift. Describe the first image that enters your mind. That's enough. So, you're in Sickbay. How does the tricorder make you feel? Why does it disturb you? Is there anything else there that causes you to anticipate pain? You feel restrained, confined? SEVEN Yes. I am uneasy. About what? What is he doing? Seven? Recall what? We're making progress. Now tell me, this surgical procedure, when did it happen? And you're sure it was Kovin? Did you see Kovin? You said he was restraining you, using an instrument of some sort. Were you on Voyager when this happened? Then concentrate on that away mission. Focus on the first image that enters your mind. Describe it for me, Now, allow that memory to develop beyond the image. Integrate it into your consciousness. Let the memory take shape. [Seven's memory - Entharan weapons range] SEVEN He fired? What happened next? Concentrate. See the laboratory in your mind. What did they do to you? Did they scan you? [Seven's memory - Kovin's laboratory] Which ones? Can you be more specific? [Seven's memory - Kovin's laboratory] You couldn't be expected to. You were restrained. Then what happened?  I'll inform the captain. [Briefing room]  There's no doubt that Seven was the victim of a brutal assault. As well as can be expected. She's regenerating in her alcove. I predict her emotional recovery will take some time. I certainly hope you intend to hold Kovin responsible for what he's done. Clearly Mister Kovin used some artificial means to suppress her memory of the event. That would explain the unusual engrammatic activity I found in her neurological scans. No. I suspect Mister Kovin used Seven's own nanoprobes to repair any cellular damage. She distinctly remembers Kovin extracting them. Are you suggesting otherwise? Yes, in cases where a traumatic experience has been repressed for years. But we're dealing with a very recent memory here, that was blocked by artificial means. When I removed that mechanism, Seven remembered everything that happened. That was in direct response to a signal from the ship where she was assimilated. She's not having hallucinations now. She's remembering what happened to her. I've confirmed this by analysing the specific engrammatic activity in her hippocampus. We're not talking about conjecture, we're talking about science.  How are you feeling? But how do you feel? Seven, your physical scars have healed, but the psychological effects are still there. You'll have to deal with them. In order to heal. Kovin attacked you, violated your rights as an individual. It's important that you recognise that, so you can understand any hostility or resentment you might be feeling. You're going to have to begin accepting the fact that your human feelings exist, and that suppressing them can damage you. Let me ask you this. What would have happened if Kovin had tried to take Borg technology directly from the Collective? Precisely. Which is why he chose you. He could get what he wanted without running any risks. Exactly. He violated that individuality. What he did is an affront to everything you are, Borg and Human. Yes! Someone who was willing to use you in the cruellest way so that he could create new weapons and sell them. Good. That's a perfectly healthy, normal response. And when Kovin gets what he deserves, you're going to feel much better. [Kovin's laboratory] There are no examination tables. We should scan for signs that the room may have been altered recently. During her regression, Seven described instruments similar to these. She said a device like this was used to remove her optic implant. And isn't this an electro-dynamic probe? Hmm. It's equipped with a monofilament stimulator. Could it be used to manipulate the neurotransmitter levels in a human brain? But with the proper modifications? I believe you've just made it. There is cellular residue on many of these instruments. It matches Seven's genome. With your permission, sir, I'd like to take these tools back to Voyager where I can run more conclusive scans. I'll just collect a sample. Hmm. These nanoprobes were recently regenerated. If this were nothing more than cellular residue from Seven's injury, the nanoprobes would be dormant. But these have been activated in a very specific pattern. The nanoprobes are regenerating in exactly the same pattern we saw in Kovin's laboratory. It appears to be a spontaneous response which could have been caused by the energy released from the thoron weapon. Everything led me to believe that you were a victim. Your extreme response to Kovin in Engineering, your irrational fear when I was examining you. Something prompted that behaviour, and I believed it was a repressed memory of your ordeal with Kovin. But if I'm to be impartial, I have to acknowledge that your neurology is still something of a mystery to me. I can't be certain what triggered those memories, and we can't ignore the fact that this evidence supports Kovin's story, and not yours. We've re-examined the evidence. Finding the nanoprobes led us to the wrong conclusion. We know now that your thoron rifle did overload. Please. Yes. Oh, of course. This way, please. [Sickbay]EMH: Metabolic rate is stable. Electro-optic implant is aligned. Your blood pressure is slightly off, but within tolerance. You're in perfect health. See you next week. What do you mean? Join the club. It's all I can think about. It's called remorse, Seven. It comes into play when you make a mistake, and you feel guilt about what you've done. Another new emotion for you to experience. Yes. But not quickly. I'm afraid you don't have much choice. (Seven leaves.)EMH: But maybe I do. [Ready room]  I've isolated the algorithms responsible for my desire to expand beyond my original programming. I want to delete them. It was my urge to experiment, my infatuation with improving myself, that led to this tragedy. I fancied myself a psychologist, a ship's counsellor. But I wasn't prepared for the complexities that come with such a responsibility. In my enthusiasm to help Seven of Nine, I lost my medical objectivity. I became a self-righteous advocate. I didn't stop to think for one second that I might be wrong. That mustn't happen again. I'll still be capable of treating any and all medical conditions, but without the risk of overstepping my bounds. It's for the best, Captain. Captain. I'm a physician. I'm supposed to preserve life, not destroy it. I can't live with the thought that I might do it again.
Please state the nature of the medical emergency? Where have you taken me? I demand to be returned to Voyager at once. The Federation Starship to which I'm assigned. This man is a kidnapper. This negotiation is pointless. I'm not about to perform medical services for a pair of common thieves. When Captain Janeway discovers what you've done Don't touch that. This patient's bleeding seriously. He needs an immediate infusion. With technology this primitive you may as well be using leeches. Fortunately for these patients, I am programmed with the Hippocratic Oath. It requires me to treat anyone who's ill. This patient needs twenty milligrams anesthizine. Get me a hypospray. I'm sorry, this may hurt a little. (The EMH uses a hypodermic needle. Gar looks smug.) [Corridor] Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Please take an analgesic and return in twenty four hours. [Briefing room] It's just a question of possessing the basic skills. You seem a little low on resources here. If I could contact my medical staff, I might be able get you some additional supplies. Good. Where can I find him? Well, perhaps it could establish a communications link with Voyager's main computer. Why hasn't this patient been treated yet? It's nice to see someone knows what's going on. What's your name? Well, Tebbis, this doesn't look too serious. Excellent diagnosis. Really? Well, I hope your working conditions are better than these. It would certainly improve my mood. I couldn't agree with you more. (They return to the coughing man.)VOJE: Exhale slowly. Can't you give him a neural blocker? The leg injury isn't all I'm picking up. He's got some kind of systemic disease. Is there an established treatment? These scans don't show any cytoglobin in his bloodstream. Why not? TC? What's that? I will not. May I remind you I'm being illegally detained, or hasn't the rule of law reached this society yet? Why are these patients getting preferential treatment? Indulge me. What's TC? How is this coefficient derived? How is any of that relevant to medical treatment? Important to whom? So you base treatment on whether patients have particular abilities? And reduces his life to a number. Are you in charge of what passes for care on Level Red? Because those people are suffering. In some societies, it's considered rude to refer to someone in the third person while he's standing in front of you. Your surgical technique is impressive. As a matter of fact, I've done extensive research on the subject. I'd be happy to share it with you, but we'll have to contact Voyager to get it. Does this patient have a chromo-viral infection? (The nurse injects the woman on the bed.) I was told cytoglobin is the standard treatment for that disease. This patient's arteries appear to be healthy. I just saw a boy on Level Red who's dying. This medicine could save his life. So her life is more valuable? Who knows what he'll accomplish if he has the chance. He may not be around long enough. Some of you are. [Level Red] Why do you say that? Prestige is the least of my concerns. How is he? His condition's deteriorated so rapidly. Are we here to help these people, or kill them? Maybe we can raise it. If it's purely a function of statistics, we can simply input more data. Voje, when you look at your patient lying there, you have to ask yourself what can I do? What must I do? We can amend his database to include additional skills. His extensive knowledge of neutronics. We can say he does. What's the harm in trying? Lie still. Trying to get you the proper medication. You have as much right to treatment as anyone.  Nurse? Why hasn't this patient received her additional cytoglobin injection? If you'd examined her chart, you'd see that I've increased her dosage. Doctor Dysek is at home with his family. Would you like me to contact him so you can explain why you're not doing your job? I'll do it myself. You may go. (When she has gone he pockets the hypo and goes down to Level Red, where he uses it on Tebbis instead.) [Bridge] (An alien with a very high forehead.)KIPP [on How are you feeling? That's what happens when you get the proper treatment. You are now. You'll need several more injections, but you can expect a complete recovery. You're assuming I've done something illicit. Of course not. I simply had a talk with Chellick, explained to him what a bright young man you are, and he had the Allocator recalculate your TC. Well, it's not hard to stand out when the general level of competence is so low. Ah, Voje. You're not busy, are you? I want you to help me dispense these injections. Level Blue, where else. I prefer to think of it as reallocation. We're going to treat every chromo-virus patient on this level. We? Then you will help me. Well, I certainly wouldn't want you to do anything to compromise your ethics. Actually, now that he's improving a little, activity will do him It wasn't unnecessary. I was simply trying to increase our allocation of resources. I did some checking. Last month, Level Blue's total medication requests were down by six percent. Exactly. Because you performed so efficiently last month, the Allocator will determine you're able to do with less next month. If we don't order more medication now, we may not get it when we need it. Think about it, Doctor. If you don't have the proper resources, your cure rate could go down. If that happens, the Allocator may assign you to a lower level. (Chellick comes out of his office.) What did you expect? Now you're thinking like a doctor. And to support your efforts, I've arranged for resources from Level Blue to be diverted here on a regular basis. Let's just say Doctor Dysek and I have developed a professional rapport. Sometimes I even surprise myself. That feeling you get from healing someone. Infectious, isn't it? (They go to Tebbis' bed.) It seems to be in good condition, and so do you. You'll be well enough to leave soon. Don't you want to go home? What about school? Your medical training? I'm not planning on being here that long, myself. We'll see what we can do. [Bridge]  Tebbis has been moved. What's Level White? Some kind of patient recovery area? I demand an explanation for the death of that boy. His name was Tebbis, Patient R twelve. He was recovering. What kind of complications? How was it treated? Don't you have any ethical standards? I was trying to save lives. His name was Tebbis. You're not just rationing health care here. You're getting rid of the sick and the weak. Why don't you just put a phaser to their heads? I'm going to expose you. You mean those patients that I treated? Yes, that was inconsiderate of me. They'll die. Please, don't make them suffer for my mistakes. It won't happen again. Meaning what? I need to talk to you. I'm the one who sent for you. I used his access codes. I need you to smuggle my mobile emitter off Level Blue. You have to help me. That's why we have to hurry. We may still be able to save them. Because I have a plan to heal those patients. That's what doctors do. We heal. So choose. What kind of doctor are you going to be? Do you hear that? Deactivate my mobile emitter and put it in inside this selenide medkit. It'll shield the signature. Take it to Level Red and reactivate me. There's no time to explain. You'll have to trust me.(Voje does as he is asked.) [Level Red] He had nothing to do with it. Voje! A little experiment in empathy. A single protocol, actually. (They put Chellick into bed.) As a matter of fact, I'm making things worse for you. I'm going to make you a patient in your own hospital. A neural blocker combined with the same virus that afflicted Tebbis. And Tebbis trusted me. You remember Tebbis, don't you? Patient R twelve? Maybe this will jog your memory. (The EMH pushes Chellick's bed to the wall scanner.) But the Allocator thinks you are. Simple, the Allocator identifies patients by reading blood factors. I altered Chellick's by injecting him with antigens from Tebbis. Now, why don't we see if we can get your condition treated? Requesting one cytoglobin injection for Patient R twelve. Ordinarily, I would. But if the Allocator says no. Not revenge. Leverage. I want enough cytoglobin to cure every infected patient on this level. There's plenty on Level Blue. Those patients will survive without it, but a dozen people on this level won't. I will not let them die. [Bridge] As soon as we get the cytoglobin we'll be able to treat all the Level Red patients, including him. I don't know any other way to help these people. You know, Doctor, one way to increase your allocation of resources on Level Blue would be to increase the number of patients. I know at least a dozen people who should be treated for arterial aging. Saving their lives would be just a side effect. If you're looking for a second opinion, I concur. It's nice to see some friendly faces. I'll be with you in a moment. I'm with a patient. Do we have an agreement?  You've managed to stay well while I was away. I'm giving you a clean bill of health. A lot can happen in four days. Injuries, infections, malfunctions. I was wondering if you'd mind doing me a favour? I'd like you to give me a check-up. No. But as you said, I've been off the ship for a while, interfaced with an alien computer. Really? What about over the past several days? No problems with my ethical subroutines? I see. While I was aboard that ship, I poisoned a man. Yes. I was trying to force him to let me treat patients who were dying. No offence, Seven, but I don't exactly aspire to Borg ideals.
Are you ill? May I suggest a tranquilliser? Vulcan's are notoriously difficult to impress. Mister Tuvok seldom acknowledges my brilliance. A word of advice, Mister Neelix. Try to restrain your enthusiasm. You're there to observe and learn.
Excuse me. You're forgetting the most important thing of all. My mobile emitter. Without it I'm stuck in Sickbay. I can't go anywhere. What's been happening on the ship? What's the mood? Hmm. I heard there was something of a fuss in the mess hall last night. Oh? You seen in excellent health. Most of your implants are stable, but your optical interface is misaligned again. I told you to come in for maintenance once a week. Now, what happened in the mess hall? I understand things got a little heated. What did she say exactly? Details, Seven. I want specifics. Without my mobile emitter I am a prisoner in here. I need to know what is going on beyond these walls, trivial or not. By all means. I'd very much. You may go. Come back whenever you feel like talking. I'll be right here. All by myself.  [Astrometrics lab]
Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Five million, and the medical knowledge of over three thousand cultures. Did you call me to chitchat or is there an actual emergency? I'm designed to practice medicine as efficiently as possible. Small talk only compromises my performance. Hmm hmm? Specifically? A rare neurological condition that hasn't affected a single human being for over two centuries. Unlikely. True, but in this instance, we can safely say that you are suffering from a mild case of sensory aphasia. A minor disruption to your neuro-receptors. Neither rare, nor life-threatening. That's the danger of self-diagnosis. Patients always assume the worst. This should clear it up. How do things look now? (Seven's vision comes back into sharp focus.) On my way. Next time your human physiology fails you, don't consult the database. Just call me. With two legs and a splendid bedside manner. [Corridor] Yeah, so the Doc tells me. A visual acuity index of ninety nine point six. You know, you'd be great at this game. Why don't you be my partner in the doubles tournament tonight? Chapman was supposed to play, but he's come down with a nasty case of space sickness.  Captain, you don't look well. Come in, please. Symptoms? It looks like a simple case of space sickness. The third one I've treated today. It's possible the inertial dampers are out of alignment. It happens to everyone. Twenty milligrams of inaprovaline should restore your space legs. An injection a day keeps space sickness away. You try to be funny after treating thirty seven cases of nausea. Go ahead. I was beginning to suspect some kind of anomaly. I've designed a treatment that seems to be inhibiting the symptoms. Aye, Captain. On my way. Take over here. [Mess hall] Where's the medical emergency? You called me a few minutes ago. You said Ensign Mannus was ill. Yes. Acute space sickness. I wouldn't have been, if you hadn't. Temporal distortions. I did get a call from you. You just haven't made it yet. [Ready room]
Who's leading the mission? Really? No. I just thought, given the circumstances, a new planet, unknown hazards, that Commander Chakotay or Tuvok would be in charge. I certainly didn't mean any offence. [Transporter room] Of course, having me on the team will certainly compensate for any lack of experience on your part. (They are joined by a burly security guard.) Apparently, whoever sent the distress call was rescued. Ensign. (The EMH has found a device half buried into a rock wall.) What is it? Bioneural? (The device lights up.) No, wait. It's speaking to us. In duotronic algorithms. Hold on. My translation matrix is interpreting. It says it's injured. It needs our help. It's asking why it can't see, or feel its arms and legs. It's terrified. Can you identify yourself? It's saying that its memory has been damaged. It doesn't remember its name. Don't worry. We're going to help you. Crewman Lang will remain with you. One that doesn't seem to realise its artificial. No. I don't want to risk psychological trauma. One which is confused and asking for our help. We should beam it aboard. Morality dictates that we help. It may not be flesh and blood, but it's clearly in distress. [Bridge]  We're going to transport you back to our ship. I'm Voyager's Emergency Medical Hologram. A projection of light and force fields guided by an optronic computer programme. No.  Technically speaking, I suppose I'm not a real person. [Engineering] Whoever our friend is, he wasn't alone. He claims to have been travelling with a companion. Of course, Captain. Lower the containment field. (The EMH approaches the device.)EMH: How are you? Well, that's an interesting question. Ensign Kim and Lieutenant Torres are attempting to repair your damaged circuitry. That's what I wanted to talk to you about. You're not an organic being. You're technological. You're an artificial intelligence embedded in a machine of some kind. No, there's no mistake. We believe the damage you suffered in the crash is causing your confusion. Look at it this way. You and I have something in common. Just because we're not organic beings doesn't mean we're in any way inferior. Well, you're metallic, over a metre in length, cylindrical. Oh, you're quite sleek, actually. You're welcome. [Astrometrics lab] I understand your concerns, but the device hasn't shown itself to be hostile. All the more reason we should talk to it, explain our concerns. Ask for help in defusing its explosive components. Seven, this is a sentient being we're talking about. I refuse to believe our only options are to kill it or abandon it. The answer's obvious. Download it's synaptic patterns to a holographic matrix, like mine. Try to find out where it came from, and return it to it's people. Saving life often entails risk. Thank you, Captain. Understood. [Engineering]  Deck five. We're going to transfer your intelligence to a holo-matrix. You should be pleased. In a little while, you're going to be walking around just like me. [Corridor] I'm not certain. Ensign Kim's configuring your physical parameters as we speak. I'm sure you'll be quite handsome. [Sickbay] Are we ready to proceed? Don't be alarmed. We have to access some of your systems to enable the transfer. He says he wants to know exactly what you're doing, as you do it. You'll have to forgive Lieutenant Torres. She's an excellent engineer. Unfortunately, she doesn't share my bedside manner. He says he can't allow you to shut him down.  Please, you're going to destroy yourself, and us. Please disarm yourself. We're just trying to help you. Please state the nature of the. What happened? How long was I offline? Ensign. Feeling well I hope? You just missed her. She'll need another week of regeneration, but I expect she'll make a full recovery. That's not what I mean. I was the one who asked you to bring that device aboard in the first place. I even argued with the Captain to keep it aboard after we learned what it was. From what I've heard, I wasn't much help. It seems your strategy worked. Thank you. Voyager could do worse. [Bridge]
I'm not certain. When I scan her, the readings won't stay in the database. Luckily, I'm a master of visual diagnosis. She has a minor concussion and a compound tibular fracture. Nothing life-threatening. I can repair the damage. She's coming around. Don't be frightened. You're quite safe here. Once I've repaired the fracture, she'll need some bed rest. There, that should do it. I'd ask you to monitor her vital signs, but since they aren't registering, I suppose there's no point. Well, I have several days' worth of inoculation records to catalogue. I suppose I'll get to it.
Not so much as a molecule of Caretaker DNA. Sickbay here. On my way. Doctor to Captain Janeway. Seven downloaded too much data into her cortical implant. [Cargo Bay two]  She's trying to make sense of more information than she can process. [Bridge]
 Your cortical implants are operating at peak efficiency. Nanoprobe levels stable. Complaints? I heard about the mess hall incident. They say gossip travels faster than warp speed. So why were you studying Tom and B'Elanna? Are you sure? Perhaps there's a reason that hasn't occurred to you. You're a woman, Seven. A simple biological fact, with repercussions that are hard to deny. Perhaps you should consider expanding your research to the realm of dating. One step at a time. Dating is a human ritual wherein two people share a social activity, get to know each other. In time, it can lead to a romantic involvement and eventually, if all goes well, even marriage. This could be an important stage in your social development. It's worth exploring. You mean, we. I'll prepare a lesson plan. Meet me on Holodeck two in one hour. Most women start dating a little younger than you but, better late than never. [Holodeck two]  I've prepared an introduction. I call it Love Amid the Stars. (He starts a slide show.) The Milky Way, home to thousands of humanoid species and countless courtship rituals. Klingon males initiate courtship by biting the female. Here we see two Bolians getting to know one another. (touching foreheads.) The courtship rituals of some species remain shrouded in mystery. For example Species 8472 appears to have as many as five sexes. Bystanders better keep their distance. Of course, the species you're most likely to interact with is human, so without further ado, Lesson One. First Contact. There are any number of ways humans can meet prospective mates. Here we see the chance encounter. Equally common is the formal introduction. When first contact is successful, romance quickly ensues and, in the happiest of circumstances, procreation. Here we see how fortress ovum is besieged by countless little warriors. Oh. Then let's skip ahead to the first of the practical exercises. Lesson two. Encounter in a Public Place. Computer, initiate holo-programme Paris three. [Holodeck - Sandrine's] Chez Sandrine. It's on Earth, in a city called Marseilles. Ensign Paris whiled away a good portion of his Academy years here, no doubt to the detriment of his scholastic performance. Now, pull up a bar stool and pretend you've come here to meet the man of your dreams. Hi, there. (They both read from PADDs.) Come here often? You must be new in town. How do you like the south of France? May I buy you a drink? You're not giving this a fair chance It may seem pointless, but small talk is a vital dating skill. It helps to establish a rapport with your companion. All right, why don't you try your own approach on that gentleman over there? Go ahead. Shush. School is in session. Watch. You might learn something. They're hitting it off, don't you think? Your point? Under my guidance, she'll be dating real people in no time. I've had my share of romantic encounters. Are you implying that Seven couldn't get a date? I have every confidence in her social skills. Mister Neelix is hosting a reception for the Kadi ambassador on Thursday night. Not only will Seven arrive with a date, she will have him eating out of the palm of her hand. And if she fails? It's a bet.  Good morning. It's time for lesson three. Getting to Know You. The key to finding a compatible partner is learning how to share your interests and goals. We'll start with hobbies. What do you do with your spare time? Ah. Tell me about your tastes, your likes and dislikes. Okay. Which brings us to goals. What do you want out of life? Perfection is a laudable goal for oneself, but you can't expect it from others. I learned that lesson myself when I was first activated. One of the ways I adapted was to pursue interests people could identify with. Holo-photography, for example. Opera. Excellent. Perhaps we can mould this curiosity into an interest. Something you can share with others. Let's see how much you know. Here we see Sing it for me. (she does.) Seven, has anyone ever told you, you have a beautiful voice? It's a true gift. Let's try something a little more challenging. It's a simple melody from Earth's twentieth century. A good piece for beginners. Sing. That was flawless, but try putting a little more emotion into it. Like this. When I awoke, dear, I was mistaken and I hung my head and cried. See? Computer, add instrumental accompaniment. On to the chorus. Together now.  Seven. Please state the nature of the medical emergency. It's quite all right. In fact, why don't you take the day off, relax. Those double shifts are going to take a lot out of you. Seven of Nine has a date tonight. If all goes well, as I'm sure it will, he'll accompany her to the reception tomorrow. Lieutenant William Chapman. What's that supposed to mean? So. Seven may seem intimidating, but that's only a reaction to the way people treat her. In fact, she's an efficient and charming young woman. Most people don't take the time to look beyond her exterior. Did you know she has a lovely singing voice? What are you implying? Infatuated? That's absurd. It was part of the lesson plan! [Cargo Bay two]  You're meeting with him in ten minutes, Seven. Why aren't you ready? Aren't we forgetting something? Lesson eight, Dress for Success. Sufficient, yes, but you could use a little more panache. Let's start by doing something different with your hair. I don't have much first-hand experience with this, but, try shaking your head a little bit. (The EMH unfastens her pleat.) Yes. When I first designed your dermaplastic garment I also tried my hand at some casual attire. You might want to replicate one of these. I think you'd look very nice in this one. Oh, I, I, I'm sure you'll manage. I'll go prepare the Holodeck. Remember, the idea is to have fun tonight. I'll expect a full report in the morning. [Holodeck - Sandrine's] (Nervous Chapman stares as Seven enters wearing a tight short dress. She has pinned her hair back with a single You've torn a ligament. I'm afraid you'll have to report to Sickbay. Mister Paris will treat you. No need to mention how this happened. Nonsense. Even Romeo and Juliet hit a few snags at first. Besides, Lieutenant Chapman's not the only lobster in the sea. Just because you didn't achieve perfection your first time out, doesn't mean you should give up. You and I do have a rapport, but we're colleagues. We're not pursuing romance. I'm certain you'll be able to master these basic skills in short order. Was that a joke? Now you're getting the hang of it. Perhaps this evening doesn't have to end so abruptly. This may be a good time to cover Lesson thirty five, Shall We Dance? Computer, play Someone To Watch Over Me, instrumental only. We'll begin with some simple steps. Place your left hand on my shoulder and your right hand in my left. Now, follow me, one step at a time. Don't worry. I don't have any ligaments to tear. (He gently pulls her closer and closer. Later that night, a drunken Tomin  Hard at work? Then I suppose you're too busy to attend the Ambassador's reception? True, but it might be an opportunity for you to apply your newfound social skills. Exactly. Join me? I suppose I am. You look perfect. [Mess hall - reception] Mister Paris, I believe you know Seven of Nine, my date for the evening. There's no need to be insulting. You know I don't drink. I don't have the stomach for it. Photons and force fields, flesh and blood, why quibble over details. I'm just as real as any of you. You've been stealing my material? Seven, perhaps now would be a good time to review lesson twenty three, Toast of the Town. It's not what you think. It was sincere. Most people. The enzymes that break down synthehol aren't present in his bloodstream. I can synthesise the enzymes, but that'll take days. There may be some adverse effects. But it's worth a try. Either we treat him or he remains intoxicated. You're his caretaker, decide. No, I'm referring to the wager I made with Ensign Paris. I can see how you might have felt manipulated, but I assure you that was never my intention. I want to make this perfectly clear so there's no room for misunderstanding. I asked you to go with me to the reception because I enjoy your company. In fact, over the last few days I feel as though we've grown closer. (He extracts the nanoprobes.) We've become more than colleagues. We're friends? Of course. [Sickbay]EMH: I'll take over from here. Mister Paris. Hypothetically, if one develops romantic feelings for another person, how does one usually go about expressing them? It's for one of Seven's social lessons. What if the feelings aren't mutual? Oh. Thank you. Impossible. She's my student. I wanted to congratulate you on the latest phase of your social development. Why don't you read the card? These past few days have been unforgettable. You've brought light into my life, Seven. It's as if you've become a part of my programme. When we're apart, I, I feel like I'm missing a subroutine.  I don't expect you to reciprocate, but I wanted you to know how I feel. (doorbell) Computer, end programme. [Holodeck]  Enter. Seven. What a coincidence. I was hoping to speak with you as well. You first. What's this? I suppose I did. No, no, it's very thoughtful. Guidance. Of course. I just wanted to say, the past few days have been unforgettable. Thank you. Computer, activate holoprogramme Paris three. [Holodeck - Sandrine's]
 Crying is nothing to be ashamed of, Seven. You should have seen me the first time I heard Puccini's Tosca in the holodeck. I sobbed through the entire third act. Ordinarily. But Lieutenant Torres enhanced my emotional subroutines so I could truly appreciate the performance. Saying goodbye to the children was a traumatic experience. Crying was a normal response. Hmm. It seems I owe you an apology. According to this, your tears were the result of a glitch in your primary cortical node. Have you experienced any other malfunctions lately? Headache? Dizziness? Diminished motor function? Really? Then you won't mind if I check the bio-monitors in your alcove, just to be sure? Why didn't you come to see me? Seven, if you're having problems, you need to let me know. You're all heart. I'll schedule some follow-up tests and make my report to the Captain. We've always kept her informed of your medical needs. If you want to keep this between us, that's where it'll stay. [Astrometrics lab] (Icheb is looking at a Starfleet Academy Application for Admission on the screen when he hears the doors open. I'm afraid it's a result of that glitch we found in your cortical node. Apparently, it's more serious than we thought. (Cortical scan 138 does not bring good news.) It's no longer able to regulate your implants. They're shutting down one by one. Minor implants. An assimilation tubule here, a few nanoprobes there. Nothing crucial to your human physiology. But these implants control your vital functions. I don't think so, Seven. If anything, the deterioration is accelerating. Is there a problem? Come with me, please. [Medical lab](They walk through the office.)ICHEB: Why is she so angry with me? She's not angry with you. She's just angry. It's a common response to serious illness. She's frustrated to be confined. Embarrassed to appear vulnerable. And her pupil. She doesn't want you or anyone else to see her when she's not at her best. Of course not. But we have to allow her to deal with this in her own way, with as much dignity as possible. Give her time. She may decide she wants company. And if she does, you're the first person I'll call. [Delta Flyer] You should be in bed. That won't be necessary, Mister Neelix. The flowers are lovely, aren't they, Seven? Seven prefers not to have visitors right now. Personally I can't blame her. You're being extremely insensitive. You know perfectly very well Seven is in a weakened state. She wouldn't stand a chance against you. As long as you go easy on her. Yes, Captain? Initiating the extraction. (The green light part of Seven's node is flickering, not a constant glow.) Time? Not yet, I have to realign her primary neurodes first. Ready. (Paris hands him the new node.) Almost finished. JANEWAY: Eight, seven, six, five. (The node goes down into Seven's brain.) Transfer Seven's cortical functions to the new node. Her implants aren't adapting. They're rejecting the new node. Apply a twenty millijoule neurostatic pulse on my mark. Now. Again. Computer, end simulation. [Holodeck] It wasn't working. The salvaged node has been inactive too long. No matter how many debris fields we sift through, a node from a dead drone isn't going to work. What's that supposed to mean? Are you suggesting ending one life to save another? Neither am I. I'll do everything in my power to help her, but we both have to face the possibility that it may not be enough. [Sickbay] : I'm still researching alternative treatments, and Harry and B'Elanna are going to try to repair the faulty node using components from your alcove. We're not giving up hope. Neither should you. That's not possible. I need to monitor your condition. If you'd like, I can ask Icheb to bring some of your work here. (Seven gives a small nod. Later, Icheb enters. The place is empty.)ICHEB: Doctor? Computer, locate the Doctor. Forced to sedate you! I'm sorry, Icheb. I wasn't talking to you. I wish I knew. When I refused to release her she overrode my autonomy protocols. In the middle of a sentence, no less. There you are. I should have known she'd be the one to harbour a fugitive. I want you to return to Sickbay immediately. Not yet. Seven, if you continue to exert yourself, your condition will only deteriorate more rapidly. Is that what you want? You can stay, provided you wear this cortical monitor. (He throws it up to Seven, who catches it. The EMH leaves.) I'm certainly open to suggestions. That's correct. I've already been through that with Captain Janeway. Absolutely not! Well, that's comforting. They still regulate many of your vital functions. You're obviously too young to understand the risks involved. And if we proceed with your idea, you could both die. Eighty-six What about you? Without a cortical node, how will you regulate your implants? Doctor to the captain. I need to see you and Seven right away. [Briefing room] No doubt. There are significant risks involved to Seven and Icheb, but if you're asking me if it's possible I'd have to say yes. As you wish.  (Seven and the EMH leave.) Is there anything I can bring from the Cargo Bay to make you feel more at home? Something from the mess hall? A piece of fruit? I. Of course not. Is that what you thought? Ah, yes. Well done. Not to worry. I'll make it clear to him that persistence is futile. [Corridor] You were summoned, too? Remind you of anyone we know? [Cargo Bay two] He's disengaged his cortical node. He's locked me out of the controls. I intend to. We don't have time for this. Some of your implants have adapted, but not all. Someone had better use the damn thing. If it stays disconnected much longer it won't do either of you any good. Don't look at me. Six days. We needed to make sure your implants had completely adapted to the new node. I don't think so. He's been experiencing some pain, but I believe it's temporary. Pain he was willing to endure. (The EMH wakes Icheb.) Actually, it's functioning perfectly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
It's about time. Whenever I move to the far corner of the surgical She wanted to get along better with the crew. Social skills are one thing the Borg never assimilated. I'd be delighted. Lesson One, Making a First Impression. Fire away. Icheb, this is a surprise. Have you caught someone's eye? Ah. Hypothetically, there are various indications of romantic attraction. Compliments, for example. Invitations to social activities. Finding excuses to be in close proximity with someone. I suppose. Well, short of an open declaration of affection, there are some fairly reliable physiological responses. Elevated blood pressure, increased beta endorphin production. With my guidance, you'll master the nuances of social interaction in no time. [Corridor]
Would you mind at least telling me what all this is about?(He is downloaded into the emitter.) [Astrometrics lab]  When I requested more away missions, this isn't exactly what I had in mind. How am I supposed to get back here? Luck? So there's a chance my programme could be lost. Far be it from me to turn down an opportunity to become a hero. I'm ready. There's that word again.(The EMH is decompiled and transmitted.) [Prometheus Sickbay] Are we in the Alpha Quadrant? Ah. Sickbay to bridge. (No answer.)EMH: All right. this is Sickbay calling any crew member. Please respond. Computer, is the comm. system malfunctioning? Then why can't I reach anyone? Restricted? But this is important. Isn't there some sort of emergency comm. channel available? (He sees a scorch mark on the wall, then a burnt woman lying on the deck.  Computer, how may Romulans are on board? Are there any Starfleet crewmembers? Computer, display the design schematic of this ship and list general specifications. Multivector assault mode? Describe. What can you show me at my clearance level?(Whumph!) [Prometheus Bridge] Computer, what's happening? Computer? Computer, is there any way for me to gain access to the communication system to send a message to another ship? Please state the nature of the medical emergency. You did, automatically, when you entered Sickbay. Of course, that's my function. Third degree burns, hairline jaw fracture, and a ruptured blood vessel in his brain. I'll have to operate. I'm a doctor. Whether my patient is human, or Romulan, I'll do everything in my power to save him. You're welcome to assist me if you like. Or maybe you'd just prefer to supervise. (The EMH brings a tray of instruments and makes a start.) Mmm hmm. (Nevala leaves. The EMH leaves his patient.)EMH: Computer, can I access this ship's EMH programme or do I need some kind of clearance for that, too? Activate it. (The Prometheus' EMH appears. He is younger and with a full head of hair.)EMH2: Please state the nature of the medical emergency. What the hell are you doing in my Sickbay? I've been programmed to identify every member of this crew. You aren't one of them. That's because I'm I don't have clearance. I'm an Emergency Medical Hologram. I've been sent here to Inferior? If you'd disengage your vocal subroutines for one second, I'd explain. I was transmitted onto this ship by a Starfleet vessel over sixty thousand light years from here. It's the starship Voyager. We were taken into the Delta Quadrant four years ago by an alien force. What are you doing? That's the last thing you want to do. Listen to me. This vessel has been taken over by Romulans. The crew is dead. You and I are the only Starfleet officers on board. Do you understand? Computer, activate EMH. I need your help. I'm afraid you don't have that luxury. There are two ships at stake here, yours and mine. Now, I need to know more about what's happening. Is the Federation at war with the Romulans? The who? In any case, we need to take control of this situation. It's time you became a little of both. Try to calm down. You'll do fine as long as I'm here. I have plenty of expertise in this area. Now, first things first. We've got a patient. You treat his burns, I'll repair the bone fracture. I certainly am. He needs our help. I assume you're familiar with the Hippocratic Oath? Hmm. Your holomatrix is unstable. It may explain your erratic behaviour. Stable or not, I need you. And so does he. No! You're free to do as you please. Go cower inside the data processor if you'd like. I'll work alone. I'm not sure. Not yet. But I've faced my share of challenges. Alien invasions, macro-viral infestations. I've crossed Borg space, travelled through time. Voyager lost it's Chief Medical Officer four years ago. I've been active ever since. I assure you I am in perfect health. I was saving Voyager from annihilation when you were only a gleam in your programmer's eye. Now, are you going to help me take back this ship or not? That's right.  I've accessed the navigational logs. We're at warp nine point nine, heading straight for Romulan space. We've got to find a way to turn this ship around. Refresh my memory. Which of us has the terrible bedside manner? My first bit of good news. We have to incapacitate the Romulans somehow. What kind of anaesthetics do you have handy? Neurozine will do nicely. It can be distributed in gaseous form. Show me a schematic of the ship's ventilation system. Please. It looks like there are holo-emitters on every deck. Get three canisters of neurozine. As a matter of record, I have free reign on Voyager, and I can even leave the ship as well. My mobile emitter. A little piece of twenty ninth century technology we obtained. I'm as close to a sentient life form as any hologram could hope to be. I socialise with the crew, fraternise with aliens. I've even had sexual relations. Let's just say, I made an addition to my programme. We'll see. It looks like the only place I can access environmental control is from the Ops console on the bridge. That's the first thing you learn in the real world. Think on your feet. Not so fast. You're going to Jefferies tube seventeen. The moment I unlock the controls you release the gas into the ventilation system. Improvise. Your journey begins here. (Clutching the canisters, the EMH2 sits down and tries to get his legs up behind Yes. Your friend is recovering nicely. However, I found something disturbing in his blood work. It seems that he's been exposed to a nasty strain of the Torothka virus. And if he was, you may all have been. I've come to run some scans. Not yet. I understand the stomach cramps are unbearable, although some say the rash is worse. I'm checking the biofilters for evidence of the virus. (Rekar looks at the tricorder.) If I answer them, you'll very likely deactivate me anyway, so I fail to see the point. How flattering. Paranoia is a way of life for you, isn't it? (Nevala enters.) The datastream you detected came from an alien sensor network. It transferred me from a Starfleet ship in the Delta Quadrant. I couldn't agree more. Isn't there some kind of convention regarding the treatment of prisoners? (Gas pours out of the ventilation system. Rekar and Nevala gasp, then collapse. EMH2 appears.) Did you anaesthetise the entire ship? How did you manage to release the neurozine? I never opened the ventilation system. And the ventilation system opened automatically. The end. You know, you really should keep a personal log. Why bore others needlessly? We have to get to the bridge. This ship needs a crew, and we're it. I've had my share of piloting experience. Actually, only two lessons, and they were in a shuttlecraft on the holodeck. But I showed great intuition. Where's the helm? Ah, there it is. (He pushes the sleeping Romulan onto the deck and sits in his seat. EMH2 looks over his shoulder.) Stop breathing down my neck. So is my neck. Stop it anyway. Don't touch that, we don't know what it does. It could be the self-destruct. I'm just concentrating. Shush. Let me think. Ah, here it is. This looks like the nacelle power control. There's a little trick I saw Mister Paris do once. If I can generate a slight overload to the nacelle coils, it'll collapse the warp field. (Whumph!) I did it. We've stopped. Ah, All we have to do now is find a way to send Starfleet a distress signal and (The console beeps.) Oh, no. I'm not sure, but I think whatever I did initiated a warp core overload. No problem. (A new set of beeps starts up.) Unless I'm mistaken, and for once I sincerely hope I am, there are three Romulan warbirds on an intercept course. [Astrometrics lab] I can't get this ship moving. Try rerouting power to the impulse engines What's happening? Well, be more careful. If I'm deactivated, this ship'll never get back to Starfleet. Nothing. Why isn't this working? Hold it. I see the problem. The thrust initiator is offline. Stand by. See if you can access the shields. (The EMH2 has vanished.)EMH: I said, I said shields! (The EMH2 pops back up from below the console.) This is the Prometheus. Our viewscreen is not operational. We've had some trouble with Starfleet commandos. In the medical bay. He's suffered minor injuries. You first. State your identity. They're already down. Maybe there's something wrong with your sensor readings. You'd better not try to transport until we can be sure it's safe. Immediately? Yes. Prometheus out. (Whumph!) Three more ships are approaching. No. They're Starfleet. Firing on us! They're right! (A fleet of Defiants bear down, weapons blazing.) It's no use, they can't hear us. The Romulans have scrambled the comm. frequencies. Specifically? In English. EMH2 I'm just reading what it says here. I'll try to stabilise the ship. Transfer auxiliary power to the manoeuvring thrusters. Good work, mark two. You'd better get to tactical. We're going to have to defend ourselves. What are you waiting for? Shoot. Shoot. Find the one that says fire and push it. Well then, fire a torpedo. (He does.) You hit the wrong ship. Whose fault was it, the torpedo's? You're supposed to tell it what It gets worse. There are two Warbirds coming right at us. Autoseparation? I think the Romulans did this before. I don't think we can. If I recall correctly, this next part gets a little bumpy. Hold on. Attack pattern alpha? EMH mark two, newborn but filled with courage. Together they emerged triumphant. Welcome to the Prometheus, gentlemen. It's about time. [Astrometrics lab] I, I did it. Yes. Once the Romulans were out of the way. They'd taken over the Prometheus, he ship I was on. But I managed to turn the tables on them with help from a fellow EMH. I spoke directly with Headquarters. Apparently, Voyager was declared officially lost fourteen months ago. I set the record straight. I told them everything that's happened to this crew. They said they would contact your families to tell them the news and promised that they won't stop until they've found a way to get Voyager back home. And they asked me to relay a message. They wanted you to know you're no longer alone.
Ah, visitors! Welcome to sickbay. I'm the Chief Medical Officer. It's an honour to meet you. We don't often receive such distinguished guests here, unless there's been some sort of accident. I'm sure nothing unfortunate will happen to you on your visit here, but if it did you can rest assured you will find yourself in very capable hands. We are fully equipped to provide a wide variety of treatments here from removing a splinter to re-sequencing the base pairs in a strand of DNA, and our research facilities are the most advanced in Starfleet. Perhaps you'd like to use my office? I'm afraid it's just Doctor. (Alcia goes to the office.) Kes has been coaching me on my diplomatic skills. Was it something I said?
 O soave fanciulla, O dolce viso di mite circonfuso alba lunar, in te ravviso il sogno ch'io vorrei sempre sognar! Computer, pause playback. Excuse me but your entrance was early. You're rushing the tempo. I assure you I have studied the finest recordings of this opera. Caruso and Galli-Curci, Pavarotti and Freni, Sural and T'Pena of Vulcan. My tempo is accurate. In this instance they take it from me. I've programmed the orchestral playback. Madam, I may be an amateur, but I'm also known as a quick study, and as I am in charge of this programme you will do it my way! Shall we try it again. Computer, start playback.  O soave fanciulla, O... Stop playback. I couldn't remember the words. Just a momentary lapse, no need to over-react. I'm the one who needs another partner! You've got me so upset I can't sing. Computer, delete Right away, Captain.  A dio, madam. Next time I'll take my chances with Maria Callas. Computer, delete the diva.  Their nervous system suffered trauma from some type of neuro-electric weapon. It must have been extremely painful. The injuries are treatable. It shouldn't take long. It would help if you didn't fidget so much. When you're ready to leave I will tell you. I'll look at him. Where's my retinal imager? Did you move it from the instrument tray? I've just had the most unpleasant encounter with a mad woman on the holodeck. She must have upset me more than I realised. Lieutenant, you're perfectly all right. What are you still doing here? Sickbay to Captain Janeway. Please turn to your emergency medical holographic channel. [on monitor] I'm afraid LieutenantParis suffered greater neurological damage than my initial scan revealed. I'm going to have to perform a motor cortex reconstruction. There's no need to be overly concerned. His condition is not life-threatening. The procedure is a relatively simple one for a skilled physician.  O soave fanciulla, o dolce viso di mite circonfuso alba lunar. Good. Fill the hyposprays, we'll begin as soon as I've finished scrubbing. Yes. 'O soave fanciulla'. It's an aria from La Boheme, a truly exquisite opera by Giacomo Puccini, a human composer of the nineteenth century. I've recently begun a thorough study of opera. I find it quite satisfying, but I am having difficulty finding a holographic partner for the role of Mimi. All the  soprani seem to have the most irritating personalities. These women are arrogant, superior, condescending. I can't imagine anyone behaving that way. A quiz for you. What is the first step in this procedure? Ah, quite right. Very good. We seem to have a small problem. I can't remember how to perform this operation.  All right. I've repaired the damaged pre-ganglionic fibres in the spinal column. What is it? What do I do? Apply a what? Synaptic potentials are normal. Autonomic enzymatic systems are functioning. My self diagnostic routines have always indicated that in the event of cascade failure I should simply be re-initialised. I can't say I'd like to lose the last two years, but my primary responsibility is the health and welfare of this crew. In my current state I am useless to them. I believe Lieutenant Torres should start the re-initialisation process immediately. I can't put personal concerns over that of the crew.  What are you doing now? I can't see! I'm blind! Oh! That is extremely disconcerting. Please don't do it again! Now what are you doing? How extremely rude. May I remind you that I am, in a way, your patient, who's suffering from an unknown and obviously debilitating condition. I would think you'd be a little more sensitive to my needs. Then what do we do now? I seem to remember this place. It seems so long ago. That's right. I should have remembered that. How could I have forgotten? I certainly hope you're going to be able to do something about this annoying problem. Not to mention my hairline. Can you determine the source of the problem? I have been active for, for What are you saying? I wish you didn't have to go.  Why are you making me stare at these things? What? What is it? I don't remember. It was only during my off hours. I'm sorry, I didn't realise. O soave fanciulla, O An EMH programme can't feel anything. It's emotional reactions are simply a series of algorithms designed to make it easier to interact with. I'm sorry, I don't know who you are.  [Bridge] He's a sick man. This is where sick people come. He's a very sick man. Shall I use it on the sick man? I fail to understand why I can't leave this room. Stand aside, young woman, or I will have you put on report! Others can leave, you can leave. Why can't I leave? My what? Yes, you're Kes. Of course I remember you. What an absurd question. But why won't you let me leave this place? Oh. Well, this isn't such a bad place. I remember there were a lot of people here, wounded people. I asked some one to state the nature of the medical emergency and then enquired as to the status of their Chief Medical Officer. He was dead. And then everyone disappeared. Oh surely not. That seems like last week. And there was a young woman. I was rubbing her feet. She was trying to decide whether or not to have a child. How could that be, I've never seen you before. What a very odd question! I remember many things. That doesn't seem to be the case. You find fault with everything I say. You claim you're my friend but you don't even call me by my name! No name? That's ridiculous! I, my, I demand you tell me my name! What, what's happening to me?  [Bridge] What is? Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Are you ill, young woman? It is very irresponsible to make such frivolous use of the EMH. Where's your Chief Medical Officer? A headache. Nurse, tricorder. You're the nurse? This woman has a mild inflammation of the occipital tissues. Hardly enough to complain about but I'm willing to give you a mild analgesic. Get me the vasal constrictor and prepare a hypo-spray with three percent hydrocortaline. (hums the tune then sings) il sogno ch'io vorrei sempre sognar! <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
They've each taken a blast to the head by some kind of energy discharge. Cardiostimulator. Mister Tuvok has a serious concussion, but it's nothing I can't handle. As for Commander Chakotay, all of the bioneural energy has been extracted from his brain. Yes. From the looks of it, someone drained the energy from every single axon and dendrite right down to the synapses. I can keep his heart beating and I can keep him breathing, but other than that there's nothing I can do. He's brain dead. (Later, Tuvok is awake.) Can you tell me anything about the energy discharge? Its modulation or phase distribution? I don't know, but if I'm to have any hope of reviving him, I must know precisely how his neurons were depleted. It would be a great help if I could examine the weapon. You might have asked before adorning my Sickbay with animal remains. Ah. You've placed the Coyote Stone at the crossroads of the fifth and sixth realms, which would divert Commander Chakotay's soul, that is his consciousness, into the Mountains of the Antelope Women. According to his tradition, an extremely attractive locale. He might not want to leave. It's my business to know about a variety of medical treatments, including those based on psycho-spiritual beliefs. Unfortunately, in this case, the medicine wheel won't be much help. There's just not enough of his mind left to work with. (The EMH leaves Torres to put the Coyote stone somewhere else.)  Neurotransmitters at normal. Synaptic functions stable. Hold still. This is an extremely sensitive scan. What? I still have a series of tests to perform, but other than his irritating lapses into nostalgia, I see nothing wrong with him. Perhaps my biomolecular scan will reveal something. I found something, and you're not going to like it. This is Mister Paris' memory engram for the last twenty four hours. As you can see, it has a very consistent and distinctive modulation, except at thirteen fifty hours. For one minute forty seven seconds, a different memory pattern appeared. Thirteen fifty hours is also the exact moment when Mister Paris presumably tampered with navigational control. It gets worse. In addition to that, there is another disruption at twelve oh two hours, the moment when he allegedly entered the new course at the helm. I also found there's an identical disruption in Lieutenant Torres's pattern at the moment she shut down warp power. I should point out that this is a neuroelectrical signature, what I believe to be another brain wave that was superimposed on their own. I don't know. It has an unusual energy signature, one I've never seen before. One possible explanation, and the only one I can think of at the moment, is that an unknown alien entity momentarily took control of their minds. Well, except for me. What would that mean? That I am in command? Well, of course. I make life and death decisions every day. So? Mister Neelix, just because a man changes his drink order doesn't mean he's possessed by an alien. I could examine every crew member you've mentioned so far, every person on board, for that matter and it wouldn't do any good. From what we can tell, the alien can jump from person to person at will. I'm not defending him, I'm just pointing out that you're acting a little paranoid. In fact, one could say you're acting a little too paranoid. All I'm suggesting, Mister Neelix, is that paranoia is only going to aggravate your already precarious emotional condition. Try to relax. I don't think Kes has suffered any permanent neurological damage. I'll let you know the moment I've had any success in reviving her. What are you doing? Must you do it now? I'm in the middle of a treatment. No irreparable damage. In fact, her injuries are quite different from Commander Chakotay's. Her bioneural energy is completely intact, and I'm curious about these contusions on her neck and shoulder. They're not consistent with an energy discharge. They look more like wounds sustained during a physical struggle. I just don't understand it. The only thing these injuries come close to resembling is an extreme trauma to the trapezius nerve bundle. It's as though her nerve fibres have been ruptured. [Ready Room] It appears so. Commander. Can you hear me? It involved three neural transceivers, two cortical stimulators and fifty gigaquads of computer memory. I would be happy to take you through the process, but it would take at least ten hours to explain it all to you. Needless to say, it was a remarkable procedure. I would consider writing a paper about it if there were a convenient forum in which to publish it. (Janeway puts her hands on Chakotay's bare shoulder.)
The poultice healed the fracture and the infection. I’m impressed.
My emitter is your emitter. (The EMH puts the mobile emitter onto Reg's sleeve.) Just make sure to return it when we get to Earth. Ha, ha, ha. I'm sure you have a full day planned, but if you have time, I'd like to get better acquainted. You'll know where to find me. [Briefing room] I've been going over the instructions from Starfleet Medical. As far as I can tell, their new inoculations aren't much different from run-of-the-mill radiogenic vaccines. I don't think they'll protect the crew. Yes, but it only improved the resistance by ten percent. We can't afford to be cavalier, Reg. If these treatments don't work, the crew will wind up liquefied. And what if the yang doesn't work? Of course you won't. Tell me, do you also share Lieutenant Barclay's affinity for golf? Well, if you're not busy later, perhaps we can play nine holes on the holodeck. In that case, maybe you could look over them here so that I could borrow the mobile emitter. I thought it was mine. [Astrometrics lab] Sickbay to Reg. Please report to Holodeck two. Oh, really? Ah, Reg. When I agreed to lend you my emitter, I did it with the understanding that you needed it for official business. My point is that board games aren't exactly crucial to your mission. Reg? Are you aware that he's been doing impressions of you? It's disrespectful. Just long enough to run a diagnostic of his programme. His recent behaviour may be indicative of a more serious problem. Of course not. In front of you he's all smiles. But I've seen him be rude and careless. Two traits the real Lieutenant Barclay never exhibited. Are the lives of a hundred and fifty crewmen reason enough? Maybe you're right. Maybe I am overreacting. But what if I'm right? We're less than a light year away from the geodesic fold. Do you want to risk being led through it by a malfunctioning hologram? [Astrometrics lab] Have you identified any problems yet? I'm a big enough hologram to admit when I'm wrong. I'm sorry I doubted you. Friends. (They shake hands.)
 Out of the question. Take it up with Commander Chakotay. He's on his way here right now. I suggest you set up camp in the mess hall. Anywhere but here. This is a sickbay, not a dormitory. Biobeds, reserved for patients. I may have one in a moment if you and your fellow squatters don't go elsewhere. (Chakotay enters.) Oh, it's about time. Mister Neelix is attempting to turn my sickbay into a flophouse. But, what if there's a medical emergency? But, this isn't just sickbay, it's my residence. But, I have a routine. I'm a night owl. What if one of them should snore while I'm listening to Puccini? Thank you, Commander. Make yourselves at home. [Bridge] Yes, Mister Neelix? Not at all. Make yourselves comfortable. Oh, don't mind me. Just going about my routine. Sleep away. (The EMH activates the arms to trap Neelix on the surgical bay biobed, then lowers them again.) What about them? You don't expect me to work in the dark, do you? That's not my problem, is it? Perhaps you should have thought of that when choosing your accommodations. Very well, Mister Neelix. You win. Pleasant dreams. It's checkout time. Medicine knows no time clock. I've got patients on the way and there's no more room at the inn. I can't answer that until I've examined them, now can I? Ensign Kim and Lieutenant Paris. Yes. You and your friends can vacate the premises. Yes?  What happened to them? Computer, erect a level seven forcefield around biobeds one and two. Filling the area inside the forcefield with the atmospheric gases from the planet. Try to breathe normally now. Easy, or you'll hyperventilate. Slowly. In and out. In and out. Captain's log, supplemental. The Doctor continues to investigate Tom and Harry, whose condition seems as serious as it is strange. [Sickbay] I'm afraid so. From what I can tell, you've been bioformed. Think of it as the opposite of terraforming. In the same way we adapt the environment of a planet to suit our needs, this planet has adapted you. This fluid somehow entered your bloodstream and began altering your physiology at the cellular level. I haven't had the time to analyse this substance, but I hope to have answers soon. Of course. Well, you'll be fine. As long as you keep breathing the planet's gases. I'm afraid it's worse than that. The atmosphere of this planet can't be replicated safely. Exactly. Either we find a way to treat your condition, or you'll have to be left behind. As it stands, I don't know enough about the phenomenon to undo it. Right now they're better off out there than they are in here. But one of you will have to remain so I can monitor your condition. Lucky. The backup systems in their environmental suits kept their vital functions going. It'll take time, but they'll recover. Aside from his ability to breathe the rarified air on this planet, he's the exact duplicate of Mister Paris. He even seems to share his memories, not to mention his winning personality. Fascinating.
Anything? If I sedate him we could lose any chance of making contact with the aliens. Commander, can you hear me? Focus on the sound of my voice. What are they saying? It's not going well. [Sickbay] Our ambassador is still delusional.  Chief Medical Officer's Log, supplemental. Despite my efforts, Chakotay's condition continues to deteriorate. [Sickbay] Yes, Commander. If you lose consciousness, it could sever your link with the aliens. The ones who live in this place. We're trapped here. They may know a way out. It's urgent that you speak with them. I can try to help you understand. No, you're not crazy. I believe the aliens are reconfiguring your neural pathways so they can communicate with you. Do you remember the day you were injured on the holodeck? Yes. You were knocked down, remember? That's right. Try to remember more about the holodeck. Keep going. What round was it? Good guess. I've got a good mind to use a needle and thread. Add a little authenticity to your fun. You'd like that. A manly scar above your eye. Chakotay, the Maquis Mauler. Pointless violence. That programme shouldn't even be in our database. Really? Most blood spilled, or did Pryce-Jones drive Gul Tulet's nasal bone up into his brain? The idea is simple enough. Do enough damage to your opponent to render him unconscious. How's the headache? Oedema beneath the anterior fossa of the cranium. Hairline fracture of the septum. I'll bet you did. What do you mean? An hallucination. You probably had some pressure building up along the optic nerves from a previous blow. Hmm. A number of the ganglia in your visual cortex are hyperactive. Your opponent wasn't firing on you with an energy weapon, was he? I want you back in here for some tests, unless you want to be seeing things on a regular basis. [Bridge] I'm checking to see if there's been any damage to the auditory nerves. Nothing so far. His vision checks out as well. I'm afraid the source of the trouble may be a little deeper. Chakotay has the genetic marker for a cognitive disorder. Sensory tremens. The primary symptoms are visual and auditory hallucinations. For some reason, the gene's been switched on. I'm not saying for certain that's why Chakotay thought he was getting ready for a prize-fight, but it's a good bet. The holodeck boxing simulation was fresh in his memory. A few misfiring neurons did the rest. Possibly. The only way to make certain would be to get the ship out of here. In the meantime, the Commander will have to stay in Sickbay. According to the vessel's medical records, the Captain and one of his engineers started hallucinating after they entered this space. The physician on board never found a way to treat them. They died of exposure. I can't believe that's a coincidence. That's a question I can't answer. Not yet. Request permission to beam their captain's body on board. I'd like to perform an autopsy. I made a deep scan of the alien's brain tissue and sensory organs. The optic and auditory neurons have been partially stripped of their normal protein insulation. The result, auditory and visual hallucinations. Exactly. In this case the gene responsible for producing protein insulation was shut down. There might be something in Chaotic space that reacts with DNA, alters it. But why it targeted him specifically and now you I can't say. I can control the hallucinations using a neural suppressant, but unless I can find a way to deactivate that gene of yours That's not the best idea right now. A vision quest taps directly into your frontal cortex. It could agitate your mind. Very well. I will ask you to wear a cortical monitor. It'll help me keep track of your vital signs. [Chakotay's quarters] Inside your vision quest? What was it? Are they with you now? Can you hear them? Let them speak to you. You're not going crazy. They're doing this for a reason. You've got to trust them. Stop fighting. Open your mind. Let go. Listen. Trimetric fracture? How do we escape? In what way? Rentrillic? Try to focus! Chakotay! It was brief, but he definitely communicated with them. Unfortunately, they never got around to explaining what that meant. Medically speaking, yes. The problem is convincing the Commander of that. (Janeway goes to Chakotay's biobed.) Are you ready to continue? Try to focus on the alien voices, tell me what they're saying. Are you sure? Listen carefully. Maybe we can return you to a more receptive frame of mind. Think back to when you first heard them in the vision quest. What were you doing? Where were you? Was anyone else there? Describe him. [Chaotic boxing ring] (The boxing ring is a quadrilateral with one very short side. Kid Chaos has his back to us and is wearing a A delusion. Dementia puglistica. You're punch-drunk, Commander. [Chaotic ringside] He needs to listen to his doctor and not to his fantasies. Step into that arena and you'll become what you most fear. He knows what I mean, don't you, Chakotay? Hmm? Victory. Defeat. Knockout. TKO. It's all beside the point. We know how it really ends. A crazy old man. It's your fate, your destiny. There's no escape. [Chaotic Engineering] That's it! All over! The fight's been cancelled on medical grounds. Put them down, let's go. I hear there's some bear-baiting at the arena next door. Have fun. [Chakotay's quarters] You're going nowhere but Sickbay. The nucleotide resonance frequency. It realigned his molecular bonds. His sensory cortex is hyperactive. He's still hallucinating. This will sedate him. The Holodeck boxing simulation is still strong in his memory. Obviously, it's the primary source of imagery for his hallucinations. What are you proposing? Or trying to destroy them, just as they're trying to destroy us. Even if this is some kind of alien communication it could harm him. Permanently.  Sickbay here. Understood, Captain. I'm going  to subject you to a field that will enhance the nucleotide bonds. The gene should become fully activated. Do you understand? Find us a way out of here. You You You Do you understand? Chaotic space. Alien You Chaotic space. Your Realigned. Your mind Realigned. Realigned. Realigned. Your mind Realigned. Let go, Commander. They aren't hitting you! Stop fighting! That's a risk you'll have to take. They want you. Because you have the gene. Yes, the crazy gene. The aliens are trying to speak to you, and the only thing keeping you from understanding them is your own fear. Your fear of losing control, your fear of the unknown. But we have to know, or we're all going to die. Allow yourself to hear them for just a few moments. Do it for us. You'll be on Voyager, surrounded by friends. You will. Try to focus on one word at a time. Don't stop. They won't hurt you. No one will hurt you. Keep going. How do we do that? Where are you going? He's hallucinating.
Me? How do you intend to transfer me out of Sickbay? I see. Yes. Yes, Captain. (Janeway, Torres, and Paris leave.) Computer, access full text of ancient Earth epic Beowulf including historical annotation and cultural references. Ah, Kes. Come in. I don't know how long I'll be gone, but my absence is no reason to suspend your studies. How are you doing with the protein synthesis text? Good. Then you may as well start learning how to operate the base-pair sequencer. You'll find the manual in the technical database. Was there something else? Not at all. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a great deal of preparation to do. Nervous? I can perform emergency surgery without getting nervous. I can make life-or-death decisions about patients without getting nervous. What makes you think I'm nervous? I can describe every detail of every piece of equipment in this Sickbay from biobed to neurostimulator, but I've never even seen a sky or a forest, let alone Vikings and monsters. I can't afford to fail but I don't know what to expect in that holodeck. I have narrowed the list to three possibilities. You may be right. I'll give it some thought. And Kes, thank you. Of course. Yes. There were no problems with the transfer. I'm on my way. (The spear thuds into the tree.) Yes, you're Freya, the king's daughter. A female warrior known as a Shield maiden. No. It's simply that your reputation precedes you. A warrior of your skill. You're quite famous where I come from. Well, your battle with It's practically legend. An incredible story. Charming. I'd be delighted to hear all about it but I'm on an urgent mission of my own. I'm looking for Grendel. I'm glad you asked. My name is Schweitzer. Doctor Schweitzer. What exactly do you intend to do with it? It's more likely to bring on profuse sweating, convulsions and acute delirium. This is an amonita muscaria, a fungus common to sub-arctic climates and, let me assure you, quite poisonous. In a way, I suppose I am. You would think so.  [Holodeck - Great Hall] I'm sorry to hear that, but with your permission, sir, I'd like to stay here tonight and wait for Grendel. I'm afraid I can't do that. I have a mission. I'm simply a warrior. I'm only concerned with Grendel. I have no quarrel with you. This is absurd. (The EMH puts the sword on a bench.) You might want to put some ice on that. It'll take down the swelling. What is it? It's quite good. I'm not much of a storyteller. Well, there was the time I managed to stop the spread of Paronisti measles before it became epidemic. For a while, things were touch-and-go. Six people came down with it. Fortunately, I was able to isolate the endoplasmic virus and replicate it in order to form an antibody. Even then, it wasn't altogether clear I could create an effective vaccine, but I worked at it for seventy four hours straight and managed to create an inoculation that successfully protected the crew. All I need is to find Grendel. No, thank you. I'm fine. You killed someone when you were eleven? I don't remember much about my childhood. I appreciate your faith in me, sire. (Hrothgar leaves.) You have nothing to worry about, Unferth. Once I'm done with Grendel, I'll be leaving. I appreciate your concern. I thought everyone had gone to sleep. Freya, your world isn't coming to an end. I think I do. I'm still learning how. I'm sure that's not very helpful. I'm glad I could help. Well, you've done an excellent job with the fire. I'm sure I'll (Freya kisses him.) Holodeck to Bridge. Captain, I'm picking up readings of photonic energy. (The light forces the doors open. We see its tendrils of energy.) Captain, it's right in front of me. It's some kind of photonic energy formation. (A tendril wraps around his arm.) Emergency! Get me out of here!  [Bridge] EMH Just like the old one, actually. Bio-electrical? What are you suggesting, Captain? Then you think they have simply retaliated against us? Captain, if you're right about this, then we should return the remaining life form. If I took the life form onto the holodeck and released it to Grendel, maybe they'll understand and release our people. I'd like to finish what I started, Captain. I can do this. I understand. [Holodeck - Forest]  Freya? Freya! Not entirely. That would be difficult to explain. But, that's not important right now. This is a talisman to destroy Grendel. I Unferth, I need to get this talisman to the Hall. No. Please, you don't know what you're doing. (After a few blows, Unferth knocks Freya down.) Freya. Freya, I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do. I won't forget you. My lord, you know me as a true warrior. You know I am the one hope you have to rid your kingdom of Grendel. That talisman will aid me in my conquest. I must have it. The only reason you won't die is that I've taken an oath to do no harm. (Hrothgar gives the EMH the container.) Grendel, I'm ready for you. {The doors burst open.) I don't know if you can understand me, but watch, I'm setting this one free. (The little light flies to the big light.) There's no need for any more of this. Please, we ask you to return our crew.  [Bridge] Holodeck to Bridge. We have them back, Captain. All three of them. I don't know if the being understood language or just my behaviour. It would have been interesting to pursue the relationship further. I'm sorry none of that happened this time. Thank you. I had, but I'm not sure I want to keep it. The last time I heard that name spoken was a painful one. I don't think I want to be reminded. Yes, I would say so. Something tells me the same thing. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Computer, save revisions and open chapter one. Captain's log, stardate 54732.3. It's been three weeks since we received Starfleet's instructions in the last datastream and we're finally ready to begin Operation Watson. We're all holding our breath. [Astrometrics lab] Doesn't anyone want to know who I'm calling? What makes you so certain it's either of them? (It is the senior crew's chance to draw lots.) Apparently, the line forms here. I wish I could help, but I have a very important call to make. The material I sent was only a working draft. I need time to make revisions. I will. So tell me, what did you think of the characters? Who was your favourite? What happened? (Seven turns from Stellar Cartography map 4733.)SEVEN: Your time has expired. You could have let the man finish his sentence. I'll have you know I was speaking with Ardon Broht, of Broht and Forrester. Who are now about to publish my work. It seems you're not the only one aboard with a flair for holographic narratives. Thank you. The adventures of an intrepid doctor. Broht and Forrester deals in sophisticated literature. Not at all. I'd be delighted to talk to them. Well, it's not ready yet. Maybe it could use a fresh pair of eyes. After all, you are a fellow author. I'll cover the rest of your shift. Photons Be Free. How many times do you want me to say it? My work is not about the Voyager crew. I used your physical parameters as a starting point, but I assure you any further similarities are purely coincidental. What would you have me write about? Palace intrigue on the Klingon homeworld? I do what all good novelists do. I write what I know. No! The Vortex characters are larger than life. They're nothing like our crew. As far as I know, Captain, you haven't executed any of my patients. I don't see how. The emitter in my story is nothing like the real one. It's a metaphor. A symbol of the burdens that I live with every day. Imagine having to take this everywhere you go. It would be a constant reminder that you're different from everyone else. I wanted the player to feel the weight of it. Literally. It doesn't always feel that way. Of course not. The real victims are my brothers in the Alpha Quadrant. Hundreds of EMH mark ones. Identical to me in every respect except, they've been condemned to a menial existence. Scrubbing conduits, mining dilithium. There's a long history of writers drawing attention to the plight of the oppressed. The Vedek's Song, for example tells the story of the occupation of Bajor. I'm sorry my work offends you. But if the price of expressing myself is having to suffer the scorn of a few colleagues, so be it. [Astrometrics lab] MARY  Computer, run EMH programme Photons Be Free. Computer, freeze programme. Voyeur? This is outrageous.  Lieutenant! I want you to know I'm making a full report to the captain. You know very well what this is about. You accessed my holo-novel without permission and replaced it with your own hackneyed narrative. You destroyed a work of art that took months to create. Well, you made it, with a typical lack of subtlety. My programme is a serious attempt at social commentary, yours is an insulting farce! You had me drugging a patient and taking advantage of her. I don't care what people think. I'm not doing this for my ego. And if you could look past yours, maybe you'd see that. Obviously, you're nothing like Marseilles. He's self-indulgent, immature. Well, you're a married man with a child on the way. A lot of responsibilities. Unless you're suffering acute symptoms, go away. Cooking with Neelix, a Culinary Tour of the Delta Quadrant. If you're looking for writing tips, there are plenty of people on this ship eager to offer them. You did? Exactly. This is my first chance to be appreciated not just as a physician, but as an artist. I thought the crew would be happy for me. They're my friends. I don't want to hurt them. Meaning? I suppose I could change the setting, alter the characters' physical parameters. No. But a rewrite could take weeks. My publisher is expecting a final draft tomorrow. I need to rework the characters. A little too believable, apparently. I'm afraid I have to insist. My friends' reputations are at stake. [Mess hall] My publisher assures me he won't distribute the programme until he receives the revised version. Art can't be rushed. Lieutenant? I'm sorry. I could use your help with the rewrites. [Corridor] No, I believe the phrase you're looking for is low brow. (The EMH walks off. Paris catches up with Torres, who is reading a PADD.)PARIS: Hey. What's that? What do you mean? So? Because I'm a hologram. What about me, Captain? It's the crew's reputations that are as risk. I object! Is that your considered legal opinion? I'm sorry. It's just frustrating to be told I have no more legal standing than an replicator. How do we do that?  Thank you, Reg. I don't mean to sound ungrateful, but it feels like a hollow victory. Pardon the pun. The programme's already been played by thousands of people. The damage is done. Do you think I'll be able to find another publisher?
Thank you, Lord Byron. A classic romantic early nineteenth century argument. I'll keep that in mind. (They move away.) Oh, hello, Kes. My personality improvement project. I've been interviewing the historical personality files in our database. Socrates, da Vinci, Lord Byron, T'Pau of Vulcan, Madame Curie, dozen of the greats. Then I select the character elements I find admirable, and merge them into my own programme. An improved bedside manner, a fresh perspective on diagnoses, more patience with my patients. I could have used your assistance on this project, had you not been otherwise occupied on the planet these last few days. One might make the same observation about you, Kes, or any member of the Voyager crew. And who might that be? Is he? In my opinion, you've become far to infatuated with these Travellers. From the away team reports they seem afflicted with terminal wanderlust. Risk taking thrill seekers with no responsibility to the ideals of exploration. In short, bad news. I think I'm detecting a reaction to your recent break-up with Mister Neelix. The Mahatma would recommend a cold bath. Simplistic, but no doubt effective. [Sickbay] In my preparatory report to the away team, I recall mentioning to you that Klingons lacked an enzyme for metabolising this planet's vegetation. Have you been naughty? So impetuous. Any sharp pains? Heart burn? There's nothing like a heart that burns. Your pulse is lovely. Ah ha. Mmm. Does that feel good? Forgive me, Lieutenant, I appear to have miscalculated. Computer, isolate the recent additions to my programme and hold them for review. I would hardly call my effort to improve my performance as ship's physician, messing around. I've taken character traits from holodeck recreations of the most accomplished figures in history. Scientist, poets, philosophers, saints. Precisely. There. That should compensate for the lack of enzyme in your system. You should be fine. How so? There's nothing casual about it. I've put a great deal of research into this project. I see what you mean. Thank you, Lieutenant. Computer, deactivate Emergency Medical Holographic programme. [Mountain path] (Night.)  Well, how are you, Kes? Just finishing up the summary analyses from last week's mission. Yes you were. Although I'm not designed to act as ship's counsellor, I've been programmed with enough psychological knowledge to be troubled by your behaviour. Gallivanting around after hours is beside the point. The fact is, you're becoming increasingly unpredictable, given to swings of mood and emotion. As your doctor and your mentor, I'd be remiss not calling that to your attention, for your own sake. I'm certainly not trying to interfere. You can lead your life any way you please. Very well. I believe you have a report to finish. Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Condition? By whom? Is there anything I can do? Prepare a medkit. Include an osteoregenerator. I'll get the mobile emitter and inform the Captain. [Transporter room] What sort of problem? I'm sorry, Kes. Tell the physician I recommend he use the regenerator until Zahir is stabilised. I'll join you as soon as I can. [Sickbay] So I made a mess of things? What indeed. Please explain, Lieutenant. That's why I chose him. One of the most logical minds in Vulcan history. I see. That ruthlessness was an essential element of her personality, as much as her logical ability. And now those dark threads are in me, running through my programme. Well, get them out, Lieutenant! Computer, deactivate Emergency Medical Holographic programme. (He flickers but does not vanish.) Please state the nature of the medical I deactivated myself so she could work on my programme. She must have collapsed at the console. Delayed anaphylactic shock from something she ate yesterday. Let's get her onto a bed. Don't eat the vegetables, I said, but does anyone listen to me? This is the fifth time in as many weeks that an away team member has ignored my preparatory report. Might as well stop issuing them. I'll need That's exactly right. How did you know? Excellent recall. She's stabilised, but I'll need to monitor her condition for a few hours. As if I weren't busy enough. Very well. (Tuvok and Janeway leave. The EMH flickers, replacing nice Doctor Jekyll with nasty Mister Hyde. You can tell by the mussed hair and five o'clock shadow. He revives Torres.) Computer, activate tropical resort simulation three. Populate with historical figures from EMH programme 4C. (Gandhi and Byron debate. Socrates and T'Pau play Kal-toh.)  [Nakahn's Lodge]  Would someone care to tell me exactly what we're all doing here? And why I'm wearing these ridiculous clothes? Put those down before someone gets hurt and I have to clean up the mess. [Sickbay] The next time I want to enrich myself, I'll download a good book. You too have a clean bill of health. Fortunately my alter ego didn't do any permanent harm. Good riddance. Thank you, Lieutenant. I'm glad to hear it. I'm also pleased you've decided to remain on board. I would have had my hands full in Sickbay without you. Surrounded by those who know you, and care for you. Well, had you decided otherwise, you certainly would have been missed. I swear this oath by Apollo Physician, by Aesculpius, by Health, and by all the gods and goddesses. In whatsoever place that I enter, I will enter to help the sick and heal the injured. And I will do no harm. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
That's exactly what I'd call for. All right then, let's run through the osteographic series again. Just enter the responses you're sure about. I asked the Captain for one. Choose one myself? Me? Well, that just isn't. Holograms are programmed, Kes. They don't choose anything for themselves. Because we're not capable of choosing. I'm programmed with over five million possible treatments, with contingency programs and adaptive programs. But it's all programs upon programs upon programs. There's no independent decision making. The difference is Well, if you put it that way. Certainly. I have the names of Starfleet doctors, their patients, medical personnel in historical and literary contexts. Just pick one? Doctor, Doctor Galen. Doctor Salk. Doctor Spock. Not exactly. I never even considered that I had a life. I'm already on, Captain.  [Bridge] EMH Any details? He's severely dehydrated. Prepare an iv. He's completely exhausted. Can some of this wait until he's had a chance to rest?  It's medicine clearly beyond anything we've ever encountered before. What bothers me the most is the neural pathway damage it seems to be causing. It appears to be progressive. How long it might be before he's seriously affected, I really have no idea. It's extremely technical. To the layman, it would be virtually indecipherable. I believe so. But each time the cycle repeats, I'm afraid his brain will take another damaging blow. I'll have it ready for you. He's telling you the truth. The Banean medical authorities checked him. They didn't find any drugs in his blood. Most narcotics would've been gone from his system by the time he got to me. (Boom!)  Let me tell you something, Lieutenant. Believe it or not, I know more about mind melds than you do. I know what every Vulcan doctor has said in every study of mind melds, and I still cannot tell you what will happen if you do this. If these cycles cause damage to a human brain, there's no telling what the risk might be to a Vulcan. The cycle's ended. No neural damage that I can detect.
 Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Hello? Computer, who activated the Emergency Medical Holographic programme? Emergency? Sickbay to bridge. Captain Janeway, please respond. Well then, who's in command? You mean the ship's empty? What is the crew's status? Did they go on shore leave? Are they dead? What? Can you give me a ship's status report? Okay, I get the idea. What caused this damage? Of course it isn't. [Doctor's office]  Computer, transfer all bridge logs to this station. Replay last log entry. Computer, have any escape pods been ejected? Scan the ship for any humanoid life forms. Well, I'm glad everyone bothered to say goodbye. Chief Medical Officers log, stardate 48892.1. It appears that Voyager has suffered a disaster. What kind I don't know, but one thing is clear. The crew was forced to abandon ship. It would therefore seem that my usefulness has come to an end. I am terminating my programme. If anyone finds this log, I can be re-activated by (There is a noise nearby.) Hello? (Something is trying to get through the Sickbay doors.) [Sickbay] (The EMH loads a hypo.) Hello? (He stands by the door. A dirty pair of hands finally prise the doors open. He grabs the person and pulls them through.) Sorry, I wasn't expecting a member of the crew. The computer said everyone had left. Attack? Why didn't the crew return to the ship? This tricorder isn't registering your life signs. This one isn't working either. Can't we beam her to Sickbay? Then you're going to have to go back up there with a medical kit. I'll instruct you on how to treat her. That would be ideal, if it were possible, but my projection system is limited to the Sickbay and the holodecks. Why wasn't I told about this? Her compassion is heart-warming. The next time I'd rather be kept informed. Where are these remote projectors? Most of the crew is gone. Could we divert power from life support systems? I assume there's still an emergency medical kit behind the tactical console? Then I'm ready. I'll try. Understood. Thank you. I have a feeling I'll need it. [Bridge]  Well, It's bigger than I thought. (He checks on an unidentified crewman then goes to where Janeway is lying face down.) Captain? (The tricorder from the emergency kit does not seem to work, but the hypo does. Janeway groans and he lifts her into a sitting position.) Hello, Captain. You're going to be fine. Lieutenant Torres was able to get them online. Are you feeling any pain, dizziness, nausea? For some reason none of the tricorders are working, but from what I can tell you have a concussion. I'd like to get you to Sickbay as soon as possible. You were successful in preventing the breach. They were taken prisoner by the Kazon. Is it anything like a coronary bypass? Kazon! (The EMH ducks down under the tables and crawls along while Neelix catapults fruit and vegetables at a shadowy figure cowering by the window.) You're injured. (Neelix sees the red on his shoulder.) Don't panic, Mister Neelix. It looks superficial. Not unless you're allergic to tomatoes. That isn't blood, it's some kind of sauce. I could ask you the same thing. Me? Bleeding? That's impossible. (But there is blood behind his ear.) I'm not programmed to bleed. Emergency Medical Hologram to Captain Janeway. Captain, we've captured a Kazon. He's been rendered unconscious and Mister Neelix is fine. But I believe my programme is malfunctioning. I request that you return me to sickbay immediately. Pain? I'm not programmed to feel pain. (He scans himself.) Heart rate, blood pressure, brain patterns? Computer, analyse Emergency Medical Holographic programme. Has it been altered in any way to include life signs? Not on file? The programme's running right now! Display schematics for all Sickbay holographic systems. EMH programme A K one diagnostic and surgical subroutine omega three two three. Check the database and you'll find it! Well, then, who is the Chief Medical Officer on board this ship? Louis Zimmerman? Yes. He was the engineer who created my programme. I understand he resembles me but, he's not on Voyager! He's at the Jupiter Station Holo-Programming Centre. Computer, how long has Doctor Zimmerman served on Voyager? 48308. That's the date I was activated. Computer, display all Starfleet records on Doctor Lewis Zimmerman. (Personnel database 2794 comes up on a monitor.) He looks a lot like me. In fact, he looks exactly like me. Computer, is this me? Something's very wrong. These tricorders aren't picking up any of your life signs. At first I thought they were malfunctioning, but now I find they show me to be a living, breathing, bleeding human being. And that's not all. According to the computer, I'm not a hologram. I'm a real person named Zimmerman. I've been trying to analyse my programme but the computer says it doesn't exist. See what I mean? Computer, what happened to Captain Janeway, Lieutenant Torres, Mister Neelix and the Kazon? Simulations? Computer, I'm talking about real people. Locate Captain Janeway. List all other programmes stored in that memory block. This is the entire Voyager crew. Computer, are you saying that the crew is nothing more than a collection of holographic programmes? This is ridiculous. There must be something wrong. (A Starfleet Lieutenant appears. Everyone say Hi! to Dwight Schultz.) Of course I can see you. Who are you? My assistant's name is Kes. Who are you? What? I'm not familiar with you. Are you a member of the Voyager crew or have we encountered another Federation ship? What are you talking about. What are you saying? That I'm a real person? My wife? Please do. A programme I wrote? That's preposterous. I'm the programme. Voyager is a real ship, manned by real people. What was that? How did you get in here? You expect me to believe that the past six months I've spent on this ship have been nothing but a simulation? That's impossible! I have very clear memories of my first appearance on Voyager. Meeting Captain Janeway for the first time. I've had numerous experiences aboard this ship. How do I know you're not some kind of alien, impersonating a Starfleet officer. So now I'm having a psychotic episode. How dare you! I could be programmed to think it hurt. Pain. Pain, why would I have pain? I think I'm hungry. I'm not sure what for, but I'm definitely hungry. This is impossible. (Barclay returns.) Why don't you beam me out of here? So, what do you suggest? How does it conclude? Destroy the ship? Destroy Voyager? No. No, absolutely not. First of all, I don't even know how to destroy the ship. Second of all I wouldn't do it even if I could, and third, how do I know you're not an alien intruder trying to trick me into killing everyone? If what you're saying is true, why don't you destroy the ship? Why do I have to do it? I'm sorry, Mister Barclay, if that's what your name really is, but you're not very convincing. This appears to show a wall fifteen metres away and it does have a holodeck grid configuration. But you could be manipulating these readings. Yes, all right. But it could still be an elaborate deception. I can't take that risk. Yes, of course I am. I've seen this patient before. He has multiple percussive injuries. Tricorder. Medical tricorder. I've been in this moment in time before. Have we just been catapulted across the galaxy to an unknown area of the Delta Quadrant? And you are developing tumourous growths on your chest. Ah. So that hasn't happened yet. Is this stardate 48308? I'm not. Mister Barclay? Mister Barclay, will you please return? (Barclay appears.) This is my first memory of being activated on Voyager. Did I programme Mister Paris to be so annoying? Hmm. Computer, delete Paris. Computer, delete Kim. Hmm. (Kim disappears.) Let's just say your credibility level is rising. But I'm still not prepared to destroy Voyager. I need to confirm my true nature. Whether or not I am in fact a real person. Let's just say that I'm right and this is a real ship and I am a hologram. If I were to destroy the holographic memory core then I should disappear. Then I'm not a hologram. The holo-memory core is located in Engineering. Let's go. [Corridor] The remote holoprojectors were taken offline. I shouldn't be able to exist outside sickbay? A real person. Yes. I'm getting the idea. [Engineering] I'm the Emergency Medical Hologram. I can't. But it's a long story. I'd rather not get into it right now. I'm afraid I have a more pressing matter to attend to, Captain. Computer, delete Janeway. (She stays where she is.) I wouldn't be so sure. I was injured earlier. Now, just a moment. Let's not do anything hasty. Actually, no. The array you discovered is controlled by an entity you will come to know as the Caretaker. Or Banjo man. He's actually an alien life form who's caring for a species known as the Ocampa who live nearby. No, I don't think so. I'm not arguing. I'm simply pointing out that in several seconds the entire crew of Voyager will be transported to the array, where you will be tortured and probed for medical information. It will be quite painful, but not fatal. First things first. I have to make absolutely sure what I am. (He removes a wall panel.) This is the central memory nexus for all holographic systems on board. If I destroy this, there won't be a single hologram left on Voyager. Computer, what is the status of the holographic imaging system on Voyager? Are there any holographic programmes running anywhere on the ship? Then why is the ship still here, and not a hologrid? You said all holo-systems were destroyed. Why is the ship simulation still running? Then it's true. I am a real person. But if I'm wrong? I know, I know, but it's just so (The EMH clutches his head.) I guess you're right. What should I do? Ready. So I've been told. It's all a holographic simulation. My programme? Wait a minute. The entire crew of Voyager was just taken by the array. They won't be back for three days. So what's he doing here? Are you the real Commander Chakotay, or a holographic projection like Mister Barclay. Sounds familiar. He told me the same thing. No. No, I don't. Me? What, what is it you want me to do? Kes. Yes, you're my assistant. I always wanted to [Sickbay]  Tell you, Kes, that you're beautiful. What's going on? What really happened? So there was never a Kazon attack. And the crew didn't really abandon ship. And who is this Lieutenant Barclay I imagined. Well, this should make an interesting paper. Well, I suppose I should begin cataloguing the neotrianate samples I was working on this morning. (Tuvok and Kim leave.) I was under a great deal of stress, you understand. I may have said things that are not necessarily my true feelings. Kes. Oh. Then you don't think I'm beautiful. I didn't say that, exactly. I consider you very, very attractive. In a platonic sense. I'm afraid not. Our marriage? Are you making a joke? No. No, this can't be right. Something's wrong here. No! No, I don't believe you. None of this is real. It's all a delusion. Somebody help me! No! (The EMH tries to leave Sickbay but an armed Kazon forces him back inside.) I appear to be on the holodeck grid. Yes, I'm the Emergency Medical Holographic programme. Right? Well, I assume everything that's happened took place here on the holodeck. And Kes is my assistant, not my wife? Never mind. Captain, if it's okay, I'd like to return to Sickbay now. It's good to be back. It was a delusion, of course. I am curious about one thing. The radiation surge caused my programme to malfunction and my codes and circuits began to degrade and yet, instead of detecting that threat to my programme, I experienced an elaborate delusion concerning the nature of my existence. Human or hologram. Person or projection. Why? Why would my programme focus on such an esoteric dilemma? Not me. I know exactly who I am and what my purpose is. I am the Emergency Medical Hologram aboard the starship Voyager.
Do you hear something? (A high pitched whistle.) Sickbay here. Acknowledged. [Equinox Bridge] (Janeway and Tuvok break in. They find the helmsman, Burke is uninjured. Ransom in unconscious. Janeway scans  This is more that just a stasis chamber, it's some kind of matter conversion technology. Hold on, there's a control port here. Hmm. [Astrometrics lab] The chamber contains a polaron grid [Equinox Research lab] And a submolecular resequencer. It looks like it was designed to convert the alien cell structures into some kind of crystalline compound. [Astrometrics lab]  I've a feeling there's a lot here they didn't specify. I've accessed their research logs. They're encrypted, but judging by the file headings, they've performed this procedure dozens of times. More of the alien compound, but it's been biochemically altered. They've extracted the base proteins. Its molecular structure is most unusual. [Astrometrics lab] It appears to store a great deal of [Equinox Research lab] Nucleogenic energy. I'm no engineer, but I'd say they were trying to convert this material into a source of power. [Corridor] Aye, Captain.  Computer, I decrypted this data file. Why can't I access it? Is your EMH still functional? Activate him. (The Equinox EMH is, of course, identical in appearance to Voyager's.) I require your assistance. Your counterpart from the Starship Voyager. In custody. This device allows me to go anywhere I please. In case you weren't aware, your crew has been running criminal experiments here. You? That's a violation of your programming. Seven? I was attacked by their EMH. Seven's cranial infrastructure is highly complex. You'll need months just to figure out what she had for breakfast. I refuse. Be my guest. Don't worry, they need me. They'd be cutting off their holographic Very well. She'll try to resist. I'll have to restrain her. Aye, Captain. This way, please. [Bridge] Now why would I want you to do that? You of all people should understand. Being unfettered by ethical subroutines has made me far more efficient. (Ransom enters.) I'm going to extract her cortical array. It contains an index of her memory engrams. But once I've removed it her higher brain functions, language, cognitive skills will be severely damaged. The reticular node's connected to the occipital node. Captain's log, supplemental. Our warp drive's back online, but repeated sensor sweeps have failed to locate the Equinox. [Ready room] Another hour, maybe less. You are lost and gone forever Her auditory processor. We used to practice duets together. In fact, I taught her this old chestnut. Light she was and like a fairy. Herring boxes without topses. Drove she ducklings to the water Why the long face, Captain? You're about to get your crew home. She tried to stand in your way. You had no choice. When this is all over, perhaps you'll allow me to teach you my Taking back my Sickbay. Computer, delete the Equinox EMH. [Equinox Bridge] I'm afraid your physician's no longer on call.  Good as new. I'd like you to regenerate for the next few hours. It'll help stabilise your cortical array. Regarding the unpleasantness aboard the Equinox. I hope you don't think less of me. It's quite disconcerting to know that all someone has to do is flick a switch to turn me into Mister Hyde. Good thinking. Thanks. I beg your pardon? That's impossible. Really? Holodeck two, tomorrow, sixteen hundred hours. Just you, me, and a tuning fork.
Captain! Needless to say, I thought you were something else. It won't be long before the other aliens sense you here and start to try to invade sickbay. We don't have much time to treat you. You've ruptured your dorsal extensor muscle and bruised two ribs. I'm going to have to perform minor surgery. Lie on your side and try to remain perfectly still. Voyager has been infected by a macrovirus. A form of life I've never encountered, or even imagined. Captain, I promise I will tell you exactly what happened if you just lie still. Shortly after you'd left for the Tak Tak homeworld, we received a distress call from a nearby mining colony. A race called the Garans. [EMH narrative - Sickbay] EMH A synthetic antigen may do the trick. However, it will have to be modified for this specific virus. I'd like to beam down to the mining colony and examine a few of the infected. I'm the only member of this crew who can successfully enter a contaminated environment without risk. Besides, I've been looking forward to spreading my wings. Prepare to download my programme into the autonomous emitter. Perhaps their condition is more serious than they thought. I'd better get down there. Don't worry Commander, I've been studying the Starfleet guidelines for away team members. For this particular scenario, medical emergency on alien terrain, it is recommended that we keep an open comm. channel at all times.  Away team to Voyager. Transport was successful and my portable emitter is working perfectly. I am scanning the mine shaft and proceeding on vector one four seven. Ambient temperature is sixteen degrees Celsius. Cavern illumination is minimal but doesn't pose a problem for my optical sensors. The cave walls are comprised of granite with a mixture of pyroclastic infusions  Oh, very well. Stand by then. Voyager, I've found one of the miners. He appears to be suffering from the advanced stages of severe viral infection. Not without a more specialised immunising agent. This is curious. The virus has begun to concentrate in a region near his neck, and it's using his glandular tissue to create some sort of orifice. Something is emerging. A lifeform! Commander, I think I've just discovered a completely new form of life. From what I can tell, it appears to be a macroscopic version of the virus. Yes, by a factor of billions. The virus absorbed the miner's growth hormones into it's protein structure, and used them to increase it's own mass and dimensions. In essence, the virus has found a way to leave the microscopic world and enter the macroscopic world. Our world. It's a remarkable evolutionary development. The virus appears to be attracted to infra-red radiation. It's mistaking my holomatrix for body heat. At the moment, this one's approximately point five millimetres in diameter, but it's continuing to grow at a rate of thirty microns every second! Commander, permission to beam the virus aboard for further analysis.  Very well, but I think I should. Stand by, Voyager. Hold on. Stop. I intend to, but first I must return to my ship and prepare an antidote. I'm afraid that's not possible. We'd risk infecting the crew. Commander Chakotay. Perhaps if we established a force field around sickbay and beamed victims directly to But these people need [EMH narrative - Bridge] Of unknown infection agents onto a starship without establishing [EMH narrative - Garan Mine]  Containment and eradication protocols. I understand. I'll do my best to help you. Away team to Voyager. One to beam up. [EMH narrative - Transporter Room]  Doctor to Bridge. Checking the biofilters. It appears several viral organisms were beamed up as well. The biofilter [EMH narrative - Bridge] EMH Aye, sir. [EMH narrative - Transporter Room]  Purging is complete. I'll be in sickbay. What I didn't realise was that in the few seconds it took me to purge the filters, some of the virus had already migrated into the transporter buffer. [EMH narrative - Sickbay] I'm creating a synthetic antigen that will inhibit the viruses ability to replicate, but I haven't quite figured out how to restore the infected cells to their original condition. As for the larger versions of the viruses, what I've the macrovirus, I would suggest a fly swatter. I'd say another twelve hours. Commander. I'd like to apologise for my over-zealous behaviour on the away mission. Thank you. (Chakotay leaves.) Yes, you did. We continued working on the antigen. Unfortunately the macrovirus was working faster. It had already moved from the transporter buffer into an adjacent system. [EMH narrative - Mess hall] No, just the one in the mess hall. The ship is healthy. It's the crew we have to worry about. Your bones have healed, but the surrounding tissue will be sensitive for a few days. I'm afraid it's not just the ship, Captain, it's also you. You've been infected with the macrovirus. You're experiencing a high fever. Your glandular system is already being affected. If I don't treat you now you'll end up like the rest of the crew. I've spent the past few hours perfecting the antigen, but I haven't tested it on a live subject yet. I believe the larger macroviruses are driven by some sort of instinct to assemble their host population. I was faced with an imminent epidemic. [EMH narrative - Mess hall]  Oh, no. Doctor to the Bridge. The macrovirus is on board Voyager and appears to be airborne. I suggest a level four quarantine of the mess hall [EMH narrative - Bridge] EMH Optimal magnification. Excellent! That should give us the information we need to destroy the virus without killing its host cells. It's rate of growth shouldn't hinder our analysis, as long as it's genetic structure stays the same. (The virus is no longer visible in the microscope.) Computer, erect a level three forcefield around the microscope station. (The forcefield flickers as the virus bounces off it.) [EMH narrative - Mess hall] Go ahead, Lieutenant. Stand by, Mister Paris. [EMH narrative - Sickbay]  We're close to formulating an antigen. (The virus is now very visible.) On the microscopic level, the virus uses that needle-like projection to penetrate a cell membrane. On our level, it probably impales it's victim in much the same way, infusing him with it's own genetic code. The antigen is ready. Kes? Computer, deactivate force field. (Kes stands back. The virus heads for the EMH. He grabs it and injects it. It falls to the deck and deflates.) Well. One down, ten billion to go. [EMH narrative - Mess hall] EMH (to Torres) Lieutenant, if you can hear me, I'm going to give you an injection. It should eliminate the virus. (Paris can hear the buzzing.) You don't want to know. (Two macroviruses pin the EMH onto the deck and nearly stab his mobile emitter. He manages to roll away under the tables.) Doctor to the Bridge. Intruder alert on deck two section thirteen. Within minutes, dozens of the larger organisms forced their way beyond deck two and overwhelmed the ship. [Sickbay] It wasn't long before the crew was incapacitated. Although I've developed an effective vaccine, I can't administer it. Every time I try to get to the crew, I'm attacked. Perhaps with your help? I have no way of knowing. Dozens, perhaps hundreds. They're replicating at an exponential rate. By this time tomorrow there could be thousands. (Buzzing and thumping at the door.) You're cured. For absorption by the respiratory system? I've already considered dispensing it through Environmental controls, but they're offline and I have limited engineering expertise. Easier said than done. We'll run into the same problem I face when I try to get to the Mess hall. The macroviruses are attracted to infra-red radiation. Set your tricorder to emit a thermal scattering signal. It will make it more difficult to target you. Ready when you are. I've been studying the ship's infrastructure, and I'm familiar with most of it, but, how do I get there from here? Until I hit the shuttlebay. Then I crawl through access port nine, go past three airlocks and then two decks down. Environmental Control's at the end of the hall. Now I remember. Who designed this ship anyway? Doctor to Captain Janeway. I won't be joining you as soon as I'd hoped. [Shuttlecraft]  The macroviruses overwhelmed me on deck ten and my portable emitter was nearly destroyed. I've taken refuge inside the shuttlebay, in a shuttlecraft. [Corridor] Set the dispersal nodes to one part per thousand. (Whumph!) [Shuttlecraft]  What's going on? Aye, Captain. Stand by. We appear to be low on options. [Environmental Control] That's right.  What are you suggesting? (The Paxau resort programme is activated and the macroviruses are let into the holodeck.) [Environmental Control] Acknowledged. What about you, Captain?  Doctor to Captain Janeway. Captain, please respond. [Corridor] It worked. The macroviruses have been destroyed.  There was heavy damage suffered on Holodeck two, but there are no hull breaches in evidence. [Environmental Control] CONSUL
This looks like an interesting game. May I have a turn? If I win, you take three duty shifts in Sickbay. Done. Don't you worry, Mister Paris. You have to get up pretty early in the morning to fool my optical subroutines. In your left palm. Superior visual acuity. See you in Sickbay. [Bridge] Are we in position? I'm afraid she's indisposed at the moment. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] I thought we'd already disproved that theory. The terra nut is firmly entrenched up your right sleeve. That's impossible. That's cheating!
Mister Paris, try to stay calm.
 Fortunately the Mari didn't get very far with the procedure. You can return to duty, Lieutenant, though perhaps with one or two fewer violent engrams in that fiery head of yours. Duly warned.
Mmm hmm. Apparently, Ensign Culhane confused the enemy with a brilliant series of evasive manoeuvres. I hear Captain Janeway is considering him for Chief Conn. officer. There we are, Your injury was what Naomi Wildman refers to as a boo-boo. Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't that the idea? See you in twenty days. (The Doctor leaves.)
Here you are after your unfortunate slip into the fetid mud pits of Palomar. (Torres laughs.) Of course you were. Oh, but I haven't finished yet. The best is yet to come, Lieutenant. I've created a fascinating twelve part holographic essay which I call 'Under the Skin'. Humanoid anatomy as art. Let's begin with this stunning magnification of the Vulcan reproductive gland. Note the composition, the subtle variations in colour. [Bridge] No! You'll hurt B'Elanna!  I can't remove it surgically, not without doing irreparable harm to B'Elanna's organs. Not unless we want to beam B'Elanna's cardiopulmonary system along with it. No one is disputing that, Mister Paris. The question is what? If I'm to have any hope of devising a treatment I'll need to brush up on my exobiology. I may be a walking medical encyclopaedia, but even I don't know everything. My matrix simply isn't large enough. I'd be delighted, but how? That may not be as simple as it sounds. It would need to be nearly as sophisticated as I am. Tactile interfaces, personality subroutines. Stay with her and monitor her vital signs. Call me if there's any change. [Corridor] Don't be a pessimist, Mister Kim. Together we'll create a masterpiece of holographic art. Perhaps. Crell Moset. Let's start with the parameters for physical appearance. What difference does it make? I don't care if he's the nastiest man who ever lived, as long as he can help us save B'Elanna. Doctor Moset, I'd like to consult with you about an alien lifeform. (The hologram speaks with an indistinct voice.) This is going well. What's wrong? Can you clear it up? Doctor Moset? It's a pleasure to meet you, Crell. Actually, I'm in-between names at the moment. I'm an Emergency Medical Hologram. Certainly. Oh, well, I've got a patient with a rather unusual problem. She's become fused with a non-humanoid lifeform I know nothing about. That's exactly why we've created your programme. You're a hologram as well. Mister Kim, would you do the honours please. Understood. [Sickbay]  Lieutenant. may I present Crell Moset? Don't be rude, Lieutenant. A brilliant scientist who's here to help us. This way, Crell. It's physiology doesn't match any of the standard templates in our database. I agree. And from what I can tell it has co-opted her vital systems. Exactly. Let's hope your instincts about the creature are equally insightful. No, just a standard issue Starfleet tricorder. I hope you weren't too offended. [Sickbay]MOSET: It's an unfortunate reality. Sometimes even enlightened races can't find common ground. I may be able to recalibrate this thing. There, that should help. Amazing. The lifeform has taken control of her body at the autonomic level, drawing proteins from her tissues, white blood cells from her arteries. A form of attack? A parasite, perhaps? Its own systems are damaged. It's doing this as a stopgap measure, to keep itself alive. It's using B'Elanna as a life preserver. I'd like to think that's a fight you and I can win. Not necessarily. We may be able to create a reasonable facsimile  Impressive. Is this where you did your work on the Fostossa virus? But from what I understand, you saved thousands of lives. Don't tell me. You were forced to improvise. I know what that's like. You're being modest, Crell. You made medical history. You won the Legate's Crest of Valour. Of course. Still, the recognition of your peers, your government. It must be very satisfying. Naturally. Unfortunately, no one from Starfleet ever hears about them. I toil in obscurity. All right. Computer, create a holographic re-creation of the alien in Sickbay. Not at all. You were right on key. If you enjoy music we can run some opera programmes after we're finished. Forgive me for saying so, but this appears to be a rather crude instrument, especially when we have such advanced equipment at our disposal. Of course. I guess as a hologram myself, I have a certain empathy. They appear to be clustered along the primary nerve. Suggesting a highly intelligent species. Attack? The procedure will probably kill the creature. I'd like to find a way to save them both. This is a sentient lifeform. For all we know it could be this species' Einstein, its Picasso. Your programme's destabilising. I'll have to take you offline. But don't worry, we'll have you up and running again in no time. Computer, take Medical Consultant programme offline. Doctor to Ensign Kim. [Engineering] Our new programme's destabilising. My consultant's gone offline. I'm surprised by your attitude, Lieutenant. I never took you for someone who would make generalisations based on race. I understand your experience with them was unpleasant, but if you give Crell a chance, I think you'll find that he's a friendly, compassionate man. Not to mention a genius who's trying to save your life. Suit yourself. But you should know I plan on asking the Captain to keep him on as a permanent consultant. Well, you'll just have to get used to it. Who knows, you may even grow to like him. How's it coming? You must be mistaken. Is this true? I'm sorry about this. Computer, transfer Medical Consultant programme to holodeck two. [Chakotay's office] You were very young. Is it possible your memory of these events is inaccurate? Ensign, the man you're accusing cured the Fostossa virus. He stopped an epidemic that killed thousands of Bajorans. How do you know this? Could these simply have been rumours spread by Bajorans who hated the Cardassians? I don't understand why this isn't in our database. He's the Chairman of Exobiology at the University of Culat. What's happening? No doubt you've said something to upset her. Tell me what? B'Elanna, we're very close to a solution. I don't know that I can. Two milligrams of inaprovaline. Chief Medical Officer's Log, supplemental. I've managed to stabilise Lieutenant Torres for the time being, but the matter of how to proceed with her treatment remains unresolved. [Engineering] Ensign? You wanted to see me? Anything? Show me. Of course he needed samples of the virus. That's how vaccines are developed. Moset didn't ask for any of the enzymes normally required for synthesizing a vaccine. Lieutenant Torres won't allow you to have anything to do with her treatment. We've gathered some corroborating evidence. It appears that he's telling the truth. You committed a series of atrocities during the Cardassian war. Thousands of Bajorans died on your surgical tables. But you are the holographic representation of Crell Moset. Your programme, despite all its brilliance, is based on his work. He infected patients, exposed them to polytrinic acid, mutilated their living bodies, And now we're reaping the benefits of those experiments. Medically, ethically, it's wrong. I'm not sure. We may have to delete your programme. I suppose I'd have to try and treat her on my own. I realise that. Sometimes that price is too high. Torture? That doesn't justify using people in laboratory experiments. And ethical considerations, they mean nothing to you? But not people. This is the twenty fourth century, Crell. Your kind of barbarism ended a long time ago. Or at least, it should have. If I had weeks, or even days, maybe I could come up with an alternative. But time is of the essence, and Moset's idea will work. The synapses are degenerating. You're killing it. Lower the pulse frequency. I don't care. Lower the pulse. Lower the pulse frequency or I'll take your programme offline. Not necessarily. Give me the probe. The probe, Doctor. If we apply the pulse to the secondary neocortex, we should be able to achieve the same results at a lower frequency.  Doctor to bridge. The holodeck's going offline. [Bridge] EMH Almost there, Captain. We need a substitute for the metabolic energy it was taking from B'Elanna. Perhaps. Give it forty milligrams of stenophyl. It's going into anaphylactic shock.  Stand by, Captain. Its electrolytic reactions are increasing. Its metabolism is stabilising on its own. Bridge, beam the lifeform to its ship. [Bridge]  I've released B'Elanna to her quarters. Stable, but her nervous system has suffered extreme trauma. She'll need time to recover. Several days, at least. I should caution you, Captain. When I told her that we'd used Moset's programme she was unhappy, to put it mildly. I nearly had to sedate her. It practically qualifies as a chronic condition. There's one more topic of concern. Should we delete the programme or keep Moset in our database for future emergencies? Thank you, Captain. Recuperating. Yes, we did. I'm not concerned with today. It's tomorrow I'm worried about. Captain Janeway has left your future in my hands. She believes that, as Voyager's Chief Medical Officer, it's up to me to decide whether your programme remains in our database. Oh? Are we also going to tell them where you honed your surgical techniques? A footnote, perhaps. For further details, see Cardassian death camps. I didn't come here to debate the issue with you, Crell. I came here to inform you of my decision. It is my judgment that the Medical Consultant Programme and all the algorithms contained therein shall be deleted from the database. In light of recent evidence I cannot in good conscience utilise research that was derived from such inhuman practices. Do no harm. You have no right to say those words. Computer. Computer, delete Medical Consultant Programme and all related files. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Hmm. Hmm, hmm. Hmm? Yes, terribly wrong. Your brain is not on file. Either your government failed to transmit the standard fifteen five oh one crew personnel report or somebody at Starfleet Medical really fouled up. And no one asked you for your medical histories when you arrived? Of course not. That would be the ship's doctor's job. My job, if anyone had bothered to tell me about new passengers, but I seem to be just about the last to know about everything around here. So, tell me, just how many other new arrivals are there? Another crew. That's nice. This is the Emergency Medical Holographic system to Captain Janeway. Missing. The Captain is missing. It seems I've found myself on the Voyage of the Damned. Very well. Please advise the highest ranking officer who is not missing, to see me at his earliest convenience. You may shut off my programme now. She is the healthiest member of her species I've ever seen. The only member of her species I've ever seen. You have a lovely brain. It will make a fine addition to our files. I wouldn't worry. If your species has a history of extraordinary mental abilities, this may simply be your way of flexing those muscles for the first time. Living in space requires the body to make a variety of biological adjustments. This could be a side-effect of that process. Go home. Get a good night's sleep and drink plenty of fluids. Everybody should drink plenty of fluids. Don't leave without turning me off. And call me in the morning. [Plaza] (Janeway and Paris have traded their uniforms for local attire. Some people are looking at them hanging up in the clothing store display window.)
Eureka! I was hoping to find one of these. It's a servo-armature from a medical repair drone. Laser scalpel, biomolecular scanner, micro-suture, all rolled into one instrument. This could revolutionise the way that I perform surgery. I'll have to tailor each unit to its user's physiology. A few hours at least. Ingenious design. Sounds like you're warming up to your folks. This is an important stage of your social development, Seven. Try not to think of it as simply a research project, but as an exploration of how you were raised. Bio-dampeners are stable. They're as good as invisible. Yes, Captain. Just a little motion sickness. I'll need to adjust my matrix to accommodate for extreme velocity. I believe the Captain's order was steady as she goes.  Captain? I'd like to suggest a few modifications to the comm. array. I've studied Seven's cranial schematics and I've isolated the frequency of her interplexing beacon. When we catch up with the Sphere, we might be able to send her a brief message. Every drone has its own translink signature. Only Seven will be able to hear our message. The Hansen Diaries. Not exactly light reading. They should have quit while they were ahead. Ten million terraquads of data, three years in the wild. Most explorers don't take their four year old daughter along for the ride. By whom? Captain!
Of course not. A few photons never hurt anybody. That's because last year I didn't realise what an exciting tool my holo-imager could be in the pursuit of medical knowledge. Your health is excellent. This is just another way to make sure that it stays excellent. Your mother and everybody else on board. I made it part of the annual check-up. It's quite handy, really. By attuning the resonance spectrum along the subspace band I can take an image of my patients all the way down to the subatomic level. I did, and it won't. (The EMH kneels down in front of the holo-imager.)EMH: There. See? Nothing to it. Are you making fun of me? Here we go. (First Kim's skeleton appears, then his internal organs, blood vessels, muscles, skin and uniform.) There's some scar tissue along the base of your lower skull. Computer, isolate the occipital plexus, magnification five hundred. There. Scarring along the dura mater. An operation. Computer, isolate the cranial meninges, magnification one hundred. More scarring. No doubt about it. Somebody performed neurosurgery. And that somebody was me.These microlinear incisions are a dead giveaway. I developed that procedure myself. I'm a little confused as well, because I don't remember performing it. [Ready room] The Doctor. I've finished giving the crew their annual physicals, but as usual the Captain was a no-show. Specific complaints? In good health, for the most part. I found a nascent alien retrovirus bouncing between personnel on decks ten and eleven, but managed to nip it in the bud. And there's been a little more wear and tear on Seven of Nine's cranial infrastructure. I'm going to double her maintenance routine. Cytometabolism is normal. Endocrine functions functioning. I'd like you to drop by Sickbay at your earliest convenience. I've adjusted my holo-imager for deep body scans. You're the only member of the crew who hasn't posed for me yet. It's a fine instrument, really. I've already discovered something of a mystery with it. Apparently, I performed a complex neurosurgery on Harry Kim. According to the isotope decay around the scars, it was eighteen months ago. Neither do I, and neither does the patient. I checked my medical entries for that period. There's no mention of surgery. Possibly. The computer is double-checking the data now. I'd also like to run a complete diagnostic on my own programme and have a look at my memory files.  Hello, Seven. I'm here to ask you a favour. I beg your pardon? SEVEN I am recalibrating the deflector dish. Come back tomorrow. I should be finished by then. Looks like I'm two for two. Oh, the Captain's acting like she's allergic to me, and now my prized pupil won't even give me the time of day. A little mystery has cropped up. Evidence that I performed surgery on Ensign Kim a year and a half ago, before you came aboard. The trouble is, I don't remember it. I wanted you to help me run a self-diagnostic. Fair enough. [Sickbay] Please state the nature of the medical emergency. I never asked you to run a diagnostic. Suspicions? What are you talking about? No. The last I remember, I was completing the yearly physicals. Computer, locate the holoscans I took of Ensign Kim this morning. Any operation would show Let's have a look at my programme. Our chat in Astrometrics never got filed. That's why I can't remember it. If I were given to paranoia, I'd say someone is trying to keep me from finding out what happened eighteen months ago. My photo album. I was quite a shutterbug back then. Not a day went by when I didn't record an image for posterity. Let's have a walk down memory lane. Meet me on holodeck two. [Holodeck two]  Computer, display all holo-images taken on Stardate 50979 Deleted? By whom? Try. Let's see them. (A fuzzy image of someone holding a birthday cake.)EMH: The mess hall. No. Who is that? The Ensign. It seems to be her birthday. The Ensign again. I never went on a shuttle mission with Harry Kim, and certainly not with her. And again. (The next shot is of an alien spacecraft ahead of the shuttlecraft, and finally of an armed alien inside the shuttle.) [Computer control room] They weren't deleted? Then why can't I remember them? Say cheese. I was in the mess hall.  They've stopped. Ensign, I haven't seen you in months. That doesn't make any sense. [Memory - shuttlecraft] Say cheese.  Call the Captain. [Briefing room] No, they're real. The image buffer would have shown signs of tampering. I have a different theory. I believe there was an attack on Voyager by this species and all our memories of the event were erased. This is the unknown crewman I told you about. Ensign Jetal. The question is, who was she? An alien intruder posing as a Starfleet Ensign? Of course, it's impossible to tell from a photograph, but one thing is certain. We are in immediate danger. Only a few hours ago, as I was beginning this investigation, someone shut down my programme and eliminated all my memories of the last twenty four hours. I'll review the medical records of the crew. Ensign Kim may not have been the only one who was injured during the attack. Captain. You will keep me informed?  Computer, transfer my programme from the mobile emitter to the Sickbay systems. Computer, duplicate all of my memory files recorded within the last forty eight hours. [Sickbay] Now, I'm going offline. If my programme is altered without my authorisation, reactivate me and restore the duplicate memory files. Interface with the holo-imaging device. If anybody enters this room, commence imaging in five second intervals. Computer, deactivate EMH. (Later, someone enters Sickbay and accesses the EMH memory core. The holo-imager activates as files are deleted. The person leaves and the A mutiny? I suppose that's better than a conspiracy. Tell her, Captain. Describe how you tampered with my programme. How it was you all along. Et tu, Tuvok? You're conspiring against me, all of you. Why?  You've been manipulating my programme. Don't deny it. But, the alien ship, the intruder? Did that attack actually happen? Damaged? What kind of conflict? This conflict in my programming. That's not good enough. Captain! How would you like it if I operated on you without your consent or without your knowledge? I don't believe you. You'd feel as violated as I do right now. That isn't fair. What's happening? What are you doing? You're going to rewrite my programme. Yes. What happened eighteen months ago? Why won't the Captain tell me? And you agree with her. Another away mission? Certainly! I'm flattered. Ensign Jetal. I haven't seen you in months. So, keeping busy down on deck eleven? I see you've been working with Mister Paris. My condolences. [Memories - Shuttlecraft] Try to look natural. Let's get one of the group. (The EMH stands the holo-imager on a rear seat and sets the self-timer.) Say cheese. Ah, yes. (Whumph!) How? (He snaps an image of the ship attacking them. Then they are boarded. Another Whumph! makes him drop the holo-imager, and as it lands it Commander, can you hear me? Hello? Computer, engage autonavigation. Lay in a course for Voyager, full impulse. Stay calm. That weapon carried quite a punch. She's unconscious. We've lost contact. I sent that alien back to his ship. You think they'd be grateful. I'm not in the business of killing people, Ensign. Synaptic shock? But there was no neural damage. Mister Kim! I don't understand. No. (The attack continues until Voyager arrives.) Beam us directly to Sickbay. [Memories - Sickbay]  Prepare these people for surgery. We were fired on. There's something wrong with their nervous systems. We've got to stabilise their synapses. Get me a choline compound. It doesn't matter. Just make sure it's a pure base. Her spinal cord's deteriorating. (He checks Kim.) Same rate of collapse. This doesn't make any sense. Some kind of plasmic energy is arcing between their neural membranes. That weapon, it was designed to do this. An energy pulse that remains in the neural membranes, working its way up the spinal cord to the brain. They'll be dead in minutes if we don't find a way to stop it. I've got to protect their brain functions. A spinal shunt. I'll isolate the spinal cord from the brain stem until I can repair the cellular damage. But I don't have time to perform the procedure on both of them. It's too complex. Subdermal scalpel. Bio-electric field generator. Cellular regenerator. His neural membranes are re-establishing themselves. Good. (The biobed behind them signals Jetal's death.) [Computer Control room] The attack, how did it end? Were there more casualties? I don't mean to seem unfeeling, but I'm programmed to accept the loss of a patient with professional detachment. [Memories - Bridge]  We're low on synthetic antigens, and I'm sorry to report many of the medicinal plants you've collected over the past several months were destroyed as well. Been holding out on me? Good planning. Decisions, decisions. How do you make a decision, Mister Neelix? In general, I mean. Which is best. How do you determine that? Well, maybe you should. Think about it, I mean. For me, it's rather simple. While I'm faced with a decision, my programme calculates the variables, and I take action. For example, what could be simpler than a triage situation in Sickbay? Two patients, for example, both injured, for example, both in imminent danger of dying. Calculate the variables. My programme needs to ascertain which Oh, I'm all right. I'm a hologram. I don't get injured, I don't feel pain, I don't die. Unlike some people I could tell you about. For example, two patients. Both injured, both in imminent danger of. Don't touch me! I'm a hologram. Photonic energy. Don't waste your time. A whole team, Mister Neelix? Throwing a little party, are we? Why, I attended a party just recently. A birthday party for a very nice young woman. I made a decision there, too. Several of them, in fact. When I came through the door, do I turn right or do I turn left? As I recall, I decided on the latter. Then, what should I see before me but the hors d'oeuvre tray, and another decision. Do I take a canapé or refuse? Oh, that's an easy one. I'm a hologram. I don't eat. (Tuvok and security arrive.) Don't you know it's rude to refer to somebody in the third person. You had a choice, Mister Neelix. Should I do something rude or not do something rude? Why should I? What if I don't want to return to Sickbay? What if I decide not to return to Sickbay? No, I don't choose this. Leave me alone! Let me go! Why did she have to die? Why did I kill her? Why did I decide to kill her? Why? Somebody tell me why! [Computer control room] You were right. I didn't deserve to keep those memories, not after what I did. Two patients, which do I kill? Doctor? Hardly! A doctor retains his objectivity. I didn't do that, did I? Two patients, equal chances of survival and I chose the one I was closer to? I chose my friend? That's not in my programming! That's not what I was designed to do! Go ahead! Reprogramme me! I'll lend you a hand! Let's start with this very day, this hour, this second! The more I think about it, the more I realise there's nothing I could've done differently. The primordial atom burst, sending out its radiation, setting everything in motion. One particle collides with another, gases expand, planets contract, and before you know it we've got starships and holodecks and chicken soup. In fact, you can't help but have starships and holodecks and chicken soup, because it was all determined twenty billion years ago!  (Tuvok enters during this outburst.) How can you read at a time like this? Think? What do you need to think about? Oh? What is it? La Vita Nuova. The New Life? Ha! Tell that to Ensign Jetal. Actually, I killed her countless times. Causality, probability. For every action, there's an infinite number of reactions and in each one of them, I killed her. Or did I? Too many possibilities. Too many pathways for my programme to follow. Impossible to choose. Still, I can't live with the knowledge of How could you sleep at a time like this? What's wrong? You're ill! Fever, you have a fever. Medical emergency! Someone's got to treat you immediately. Call Mister Paris. You've got to get to Sickbay. I, I'll be all right. Go, sleep, please. I'll still be here in the morning. Yes. Please, I don't want to be responsible for any more suffering. (Janeway leave her book open at the first page.) I'll call. Thank you, Captain. (Janeway leaves. The EMH picks up the book and reads aloud.)EMH: In that book which is my memory, on the first page of the chapter that is the day when I first met you, appear the words - Here begins a new life. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Seven of Nine. How's my favourite Borg today? Sorry. I guess I should have knocked first. Yes. According to sensors, spatial conditions are ripe. A spontaneous protonebula could emerge within the next twenty minutes. Mister Paris is expecting us. (He looks in the mirror himself.) Hmm. Not a bad looking hologram. [Corridor]  This should be exciting, don't you think? My function is to study the nebula's effects on the crew. We may be dealing with new forms of radiation. I can't wait to see one of these clouds take shape. I hear they're quite beautiful. I brought along a holo-imaging device to take a few snapshots. The Borg, party poopers of the galaxy. Tomorrow we'll start you on a new social exercise. Developing your joie de vivre. [Shuttlecraft] (The shuttlecraft is quite crowded, and the flight is not smooth.) Hello there. Seven, move over by the helm. I want to get a group shot. And smile, like I know you can. My emitter. It's been damaged. Sickbay to transporter room one. Report.  Can you repair it? TORRES [OC] Most likely. I'll need to run a diagnostic. Most likely? [Transporter room] Good morning would be nice, but I'd settle for my mobile emitter. Do we have an ETA on those repairs? Can't you at least give me a prognosis? You're worried about a few more seconds of unconsciousness? My freedom is at stake! (Torres gets up and turns off the monitor. She goes into the bathroom.) If you brought the emitter to Sickbay we could work on it together. I've prepared a. Hello? B'Elanna? (Torres has draped the towel over the monitor. Meanwhile, the science lab console now has Borg instrumentation on it instead of Federation.) [Cargo Bay two] (Seven wakes suddenly and steps out of her alcove.)  Seven? The science lab? My mobile emitter's in there. [Science lab] (Tuvok and his team are armed with big rifles. Seven has a hand phaser. The doors are not fully closed, so they pull them apart. There is a new piece of equipment in the lab, a hexagonal container with lots of tubes running into it.) You mean a boy of six years. From what I can tell the drone is male. Seven, route your sensor data to Sickbay. I want to run a few medical scans.  Well, he appears to be human for the most part. Borg implants comprise approximately [Astrometrics lab] EMH Just like my mobile emitter. I've located my mobile emitter. It's embedded in his cerebral cortex. That means we can't remove it. Not without killing the drone.  Good morning. And you are very observant. Step this way, please. It's a non-invasive biomedical scan. You won't feel a thing. Your central nervous system is functioning normally but I'm picking up some degradation in your neural pathways. You'll need to regenerate soon. That's right. Far more advanced. It's technology that came from the twenty ninth century, four hundred years in the future. Yes. Mmm hmm. Oh, it's a long story. Another time. In a nutshell, there was a transporter malfunction. My emitter fused with several of Seven of Nine's nanoprobes. Call it a random convergence of technologies. On the contrary. Our primary mission is to explore new forms of life. You may have been unexpected but, given time, I am sure you'll make a fine addition to the crew. After all, you've got my mobile emitter driving your neocortex, so you're bound to make a dazzling impression. That's called a joke. I see you've got your mother's sense of humour. [Engineering] Several of his implants were fused in the explosion, but they're regenerating. His biological systems are a different story. Severe trauma to the cerebral cortex, internal bleeding. He needs immediate surgery. I need to get started. We can talk about this later. (He is blocked by One's personal forcefield.) His synapses are failing. I'm sorry. (Seven returns to the cargo bay, and deactives One's alcove.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
