State your rank and security clearance. Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes. You're the mark one EMH. The inferior programme. Beady eyes, terrible bedside manner. I recognise you. But you're not part of this database. What are you doing here? Sixty thousand light years? We don't have ships that far out. Activating intruder alert. Security. (The EMH puts his hand over his colleague's mouth.) (muffled) I understand. (The EMH removes his hand.)EMH2: Computer, deactivate EMH. Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Now what? Starfleet security protocol twenty eight subsection D. In the event of hostile alien takeover, the EMH is to deactivate and wait for rescue. No. The Romulans haven't gotten involved in our fight with the Dominion. Long story. I'm a doctor, not a commando. You don't understand. The Prometheus is an experimental prototype, and so am I. I, I, I haven't even been field tested yet. I'm not designed for this kind of duty. You're not serious. He's the enemy. You see? You see what's happening? The Romulans are using you. Hmm what? I told you, I'm a work in progress! I was only installed six weeks ago. He'll live. I say we leave him and deactivate ourselves. We're medical holograms. What can we expect to do against a ship full of Romulans? Have you run a self-diagnostic lately? The EMH mark one is designed to function in Sickbay only. Four years? No wonder you're delusional. Your programme's degrading after being active for so long. Get me the thrombic modulator. (The EMH hesitates over the various devices on the instrument tray, then picks up one like a small flying saucer.)EMH2: It's the cone shaped device. Hand it to me, please. Medical science has made a few advances while you've been off in the Delta Quadrant, did you say? We don't use scalpels or leeches anymore. I suggest you let me handle the medical side of things. As for retaking the ship, I'll leave that in your experienced hands. [Bridge] This vessel was designed to go faster than anything in the fleet, so we'll never be rescued. How? Waltz on to the bridge and take over the helm? You're not my patient. Only the best. Axonol, neurozine, anaesthazine. All primary systems have been rerouted to the bridge, including environmental control. There are. Unlike you, I'm not condemned to a Sickbay. Leave your ship? How? Really? Sex? How's that possible? We're not equipped Before you leave, maybe you could download those subroutines into my database. The bridge is swarming with Romulans. Well, good luck then. Computer, deactivate Jefferies tube seventeen? That's five decks up. What if I run into Romulans? Thanks.(The EMH2 does so, then returns for the gas. The EMH closes and locks the hatch after him.) [Prometheus Bridge] Did it work? (to Nevala.) Sorry to interrupt. I did. I did. Trapped in the Jefferies tube, alone, nowhere to run, his smug comrade captured by Romulans, EMH mark two had to improvise. Inspiration. He accessed the main computer and simulated a ship wide biohazard, making the computer think there was a microbiotic contamination on all decks. Presto. He then crawled back out of the tube, accessed the holoemitters, transferred here, excused the Romulan, saw the dumbfounded look on his comrade's face Oh, trouble. The Prometheus is a prototype. Top secret. Only four people in all of Starfleet trained to operate it. I hope your myriad adventures included piloting lessons [Prometheus Bridge] You'd better intuit it fast. We're only about eight minutes from the Romulan border. This is all very complicated. My breathing is merely a simulation. Is this a thruster control? You look worried. You don't know what you're doing, do you. This is not a shuttle and we are not on a holodeck. Mister I can leave my ship. The Voice of Experience. So? So? What happened? Beep beep beep? Beep beep beep? I've never heard that one before. What? You mean the ship's going to explode? You've got to stop it.(The EMH touches controls and the beeping stops.) What now?  The Romulan vessels are closing in. Two minutes to intercept. Get us our of here. Reroute power, reroute power. Here we go, I think I've found the relay controls. Hey, I'm finally getting the hang of this. (The EMH fritzes.) Sorry, I must have transferred power from the holoemitters. Okay, I'm taking power from life support. We don't need that. Try the engines now. Thirty seconds to intercept. They're right on top of us. Fifteen seconds. They're charging weapons. Already done. Shields up. You first. Direct hit. Shields down to twenty percent. We're doomed. What are they doing? They must think Romulans are on board. Prometheus to any Starfleet vessel. Respond. Prometheus Doctor, something just went offline. The secondary gyrodyne relays and the propulsion field intermatrix have depolarised. Transferring auxiliary power now. (The ship stops shaking.) Thanks. Tactical. Right. There are so many controls. It's not working. It says here the phasers are offline. It wasn't my fault. Everything's offline. Weapons, shields. My brilliant existence cut short. No time to explore the universe, no time to smell the roses. No time for sex. (He prods at controls.) What's that? What have I done now? How do we turn it off? Bulls-eye! The Warbirds are in retreat. Doctor, we've done it. Two holograms, alone. Romulans on one side, Starfleet on the other. Alarms beeping everywhere. EMH mark one, armed with years of experience. The end. (beep!) Or not. (Two armed Starfleet officers beam aboard.)
I know the routine. Why? What is it?
