Take warp drive offline. [Bridge]  FEMALE
Truer words were never spoken. (A tall, sarcastic redhead in Starfleet uniform.) Never mind that. What are you doing with that dog? I'm not talking about the puppy. You should be back in the Continuum. Not just any Q. His Q. About four billion years. And now you desert me to pollute the Continuum with the DNA of this narrow little being. Stay away from him. She maybe a member of an intellectually challenged species, but she's right. Your irresponsible behaviour is continuing to have cosmic consequences. That two-timing toad! (She vanishes as well.) Let me go before I hurl this ship and everyone on it into the Therinian Ice Age. Don't be ridiculous. The Vulcan talent for stating the obvious never ceases to amaze me. I tried to return, but I was wounded in the process. Oh, don't try to understand it, it's far beyond your limited capacity to comprehend. What's important is, I'm stuck here with you mortals while Q is probably in the process of irreparably harming the Continuum with that woman. Tossed aside for someone five billion years younger. If it weren't so laughable, I'd cry. How could you possibly help me? Hmm. Well, there's one possibility. But somehow, I don't think this rickety barge or your half-witted crew members are up to the challenge. Are you finished yet? Surely there's some way you can speed up the process? I don't think you understand. It's imperative that I get back to the Continuum before Q mates with your Captain. I hope you're not comparing some failed romance in your pitiful existence to my eternal association with Q. It's not a complex, dear. It's a fact. you know, I've always liked Klingon females. You've got such spunk. (Suzie Plaxton also played K'Ehleyr, Worf's wife, in Next Generation, after being a Vulcan doctor.)  [Q Continuum - Union army camp] (Janeway wipes Q's head with a damp cloth. He wakes.) You, helm boy. Adjust course to heading two three five mark zero eight. Increase speed to maximum impulse. You did say you wanted to get into the Continuum? Try to wrap your minuscule mind around this. These supernovas are actually caused by spatial disruptions within the Continuum, the result of the war. Now, each time a star implodes, a negative density false vacuum is created which actually sucks the surrounding matter into the Continuum. If we time it perfectly. Otherwise, the subsequent explosion will blow you all into microfragments. You're so negative. Humanoids. Q to Engineering. [Engineering]  How do I know you wouldn't run off with the next bipedal female that catches your eye? Oh, that does have a ring to it. Q and I have a plan to end the war. Call off your troops. They may be humanoids, but they're using our weapons. I've thought of nothing else since you suggested it. As a matter of fact, I (Whisper, whisper.) Very good.
