Impressive. Are you sure you're willing to part with it? I'm certain he will, if we make it home in time for his birthday. If you and Savar had a child of your own, you'd have an excuse to play with toys more often. (Rumble, alarm.) Isolate the deck. Activate the emergency containment field. Backup controls are down too. Eject the tank. We have no choice! Impossible. We'll have to send somebody down there to seal off the tanks manually. Contact the theta core. Get down to the injector pod and seal those tanks. I'm giving you an order. Now! [Tuvok's quarters] Fesek. Controller Fesek. Where am I? My ship? Where? That's too close. We've got to get further away. We were on a waste export mission. Two of the theta tanks ruptured. Systems malfunctioned one by one, communications, navigation, propulsion. We had no choice. Radiation was venting from every port. Over sixty crewmen died within minutes. It was chaos. We stumbled through the gas to get to the escape pods. Only a few of us made it. Where are the others? Listen to me very carefully. The fact that we're still here means the ship hasn't exploded, yet. When it does, over four trillion isotons of antimatter waste is going to ignite. Everything within three light years will be destroyed. What? Every deck has been contaminated. Anyone who goes on board will liquefy within minutes. We? I'm not going anywhere near that vessel. Including the control room, which is where we'd have to go to reestablish containment. As I told you. I appreciate what you're trying to do, but if what you're considering were possible, we'd have tried it before we abandoned the ship. We have years of experience aboard freighters of this gradient. Maybe there's another way. Four hours from here there's a nebula that could protect us from the blast. We could alter course, wait there until after the explosion. I don't see what we can do. Nothing. It's a myth. It's an old story shared among freighter crews. Some of them say they've seen creatures in the theta storage tanks. Created by radiogenic waste. According to the legend, they are poisonous monsters that wreak havoc aboard Malon ships. It's a common belief among our more superstitious recruits. Hallucinations are one of the first symptoms of theta poisoning. You know that. The pressurisation systems, they're offline. How will we vent the gas? How long will it last? I've ordered my men to do a lot of risky things, but nothing as foolish as this. We take every precaution to keep it contained. Is your crew always so diplomatic? This way. Wait here. We'll take care of it. We can do this ourselves. You're on my freighter. I'm in charge here. We'll have to crawl into an injector port. It's only big enough for two people. You think we're animals, don't you? I'm a waste controller half the year. Do you know what I do the rest of the time? I'm a sculptor. Every year I give up work I love to expose myself to radiation that will probably cut my life in half. Have you ever been to Malon Prime? It's a remarkable place. It's one of the most beautiful worlds you'll ever see. Our planet would choke with industrial wastes if it weren't for the sacrifices of people like me. Do you have any idea of the trouble we go to, to locate isolated areas? Ah, manual actuators. I'll release them, you monitor the pressure variance. Do you have any children? I have a son. He's seven years old. He wants to be a waste controller when he grows up. Ready. There's something jamming the airlock controls. [Malon Freighter corridor] TORRES These look like chemical burns. What? You're hallucinating. It's the radiation, but you're going to be all right. Pelk, get up! He imagined it. He was probably scalded when that conduit ruptured. Me. We have a decontamination bay on board that can purge over fifty workers at a time. Freighter blight, from the prolonged exposure. In my business, it's an occupational hazard. If she's blistering, she's already received a fatal dose of radiation. She needs treatment. We have medicines in the infirmary. It's only two sections from here. It looks like he was being treated for long term exposure. He was probably left behind during the evacuation. There was nothing more we could do for him. He was a core labourer. He worked close to the storage tanks. Only three of ten core labourers survive a standard mission. They know the risks when they accept the assignment. Core labourers can make more in two months than most Malon make in a lifetime. It will go to his family. It's a subdermal injector. It contains analeptic compounds to reverse the cell damage. I won't hurt you. I've done this a hundred times. You'll feel a slight burning sensation. (Fesek plunges the two large needles into Torres' neck.) [Astrometrics lab] What? This way. (They climb an access ladder. Chakotay is last, and gets hit by a piece of flying debris.) [Malon Freighter deck four] That deck is a vacuum by now. It was. I don't know. What are you saying? You think it was me? The theta dampening field is still active. It should be safe.  It's worse than I expected. The theta gas has leaked into the warp manifold. Emergency systems are down. They're coming back online, but only one containment grid is still operational. We have two unstable tanks. One grid can't handle them both.  Tank one stable. A power surge. We're losing the grid. No. [Bridge] Use the environmental controls instead. No, you'll ignite the gas. I'm trying! It's an occupational hazard. Thank you, Captain. I don't know how I'm going to explain what happened.
