Speak as a friend or stand challenged. I am Freya, shield maiden, daughter of King Hrothgar. I hold this guard post against any intruders who would bear us harm, so declare yourselves. I will hear your answer before you march any further through this land. What land do you call home? Your faces tell me you are not men of the Danes. Are you kinsmen of Beowulf? Yes. He was like no other. Hair straight and raven black. Eyes bright with fierce fire. The burning gaze of a hero. Your kinsman was a truly noble warrior. It is right you should avenge his death. Of course. Come. I will take you to the king.  [Holodeck - Great Hall] (The evening feast is in progress.) Hail, Lord Hrothgar! I bring new friends, Chakotay and Tuvok, kinsmen of Beowulf who come to avenge his death. Greet them well. The body of Beowulf is gone, dragged down to Grendel's foul lair, no doubt. The beast leaves no traces. No. Beowulf chose to face Grendel alone. Unferth, these men are our guests. You will show them the hospitality they deserve. You are brave men. I hope to see you again, fate permitting. (Freya leaves.) Speak as a friend or stand challenged. I am We have never met and yet you know my name? Are you a sorcerer? I did not know that word of my deeds has carried to other lands. Tell me what you have heard. Scyld, the Gar-Dane? I burned his hall to the ground. There was nothing left but ashes. And did you hear of my campaign against the Heatho-bards to the south? I fought them for Only a warrior would seek that which others flee. What is your name? Schweitzer. A hero's name. Come, I will take you to the king. The hall is not far from here. (They walk on. Freya finds a mushroom.) Look, fortune is with us. Atuta, a most powerful plant. We brew the Atuta into a broth which we drink before battle. It brings on the spirit of the bear and gives us strength to swing our swords. Yes, but those it does not kill it makes strong. A most hardy plant. Are you a master of herb lore? You are truly a man of many talents, Lord Schweitzer. Your people must value you greatly.  Hail, Lord Hrothgar! I bring a new friend, Schweitzer, who has come to destroy Grendel. Greet him well. Fate be with you. (It is a heavy two-handed sword. The warriors laugh. The EMH parries two blows, barely.) Our time of deliverance is at hand. We have been given a new champion, one whom weapons cannot hurt! The one who will destroy Grendel and end our suffering! All hail the hero! All hail Schweitzer! The nights here are cold. I wanted to make certain you were comfortable. Sleep does not come easily in this place. Not anymore. I was taught the world would end in winter. First there would be a desperate cold, followed by a demon who would devour the sun. It has been long since we felt summer, and a demon does walk these halls. Perhaps not. But it has changed. Every night, the monster comes. And every day, our numbers are lessened and no one will speak of it. No one speaks of the fear that he will be next. Each meal become quieter than the last, and after time, we barely speak at all. Do you know what it is to be alone among many and unable to speak your fears? How do you survive? Sometimes I believe I can see the moment of my own death. It comes in battle, I think, my sword raised high. It is said that fate often spares a doomed warrior if his courage can prevail, but there have been days when I have felt my own courage falter, and then you came. Perhaps I can help you. Before combat, it is most important to stay warm. Fire is not the only heat, Lord Schweitzer. You know where I sleep. (Freya leaves. A noise starts up outside.) Lord Schweitzer! We thought that Grendel had taken you. How did you survive? That is not true! He has returned to help us. My lord, my time has come. It is a good death. Take my sword. Stop Unferth, and Grendel. Then I die happily with your name on my lips. Farewell, Schweitzer.  [Holodeck - Great Hall]
