We have no emergency. Yes, we are. Because you are in distress. I am Gathhorel Labin of the planet Sikaris. Please, let us welcome you to our system. Show you the hospitality of our people. If I could come aboard your ship, I have gifts for you and a proposal I hope you will find irresistible. Please. Call me Gath. And I promise you I would like nothing better than to prepare a few of our newest delicacies for you. Ah, this will be perfect. Our people are very well travelled. Some of them have brought back stories about the ship of aliens from another part of the galaxy. People lost and alone, struggling to find their way home again. (Janeway, Neelix and Kes sample Gath's food.) And I decided to come and meet you and offer you respite. A vacation, if you will. Get away from the confines of the ship, enjoy the beauty of our landscape, meet and talk with interesting, learned people. I could not be happier. [Plaza] (Open, light, lots of steps and patterned tiled floor. There are some small stalls. Birds are singing.) If you see anything you like, just let me know. Exquisite, isn't it? It's the latest import from Vedestris. It's spun from the petals of a flower that blooms only in moonlight. Shall I have a dress made for you? Is it so hard for you to accept a gift? What a curious people you are. Tell me would it help if I said that you could have an entire wardrobe made from these beautiful fabrics and that it would give all of us great pleasure to create it for you. As you like. Which cloth do you prefer? (Elsewhere, Kim has found a young woman waving a device over what looks like a minimalist harp. It makes harmonic tones.) When I see you wearing that scarf, my pleasure will be greater than yours. This is my associate, Jaret Otel. You may contact him to make any necessary arrangements. Tonight we are having a celebration here. I hope you and your officers will be my guests.  And tomorrow night you must let me take you to the theatre. I hope that's because you're enjoying yourself. We call it a spatial trajector. We are able to travel to all the planets in this quadrant. Alastria is at the uttermost limits of it's range. We cannot share our technology. Once it's out of our control, it might fall into the hands of those who would abuse it, and our canon of laws strictly forbids that. Please, don't make it more difficult for me. I don't enjoy denying you this, but our canon of laws has determined our entire system of values. To break one of it's precepts would undermine everything we believe in. I'm sorry, but there can be no exceptions to the law. [Briefing room] Exquisite. What did you say you call it? I must have the recipe. I know this will upset you, but I can't. Oh? Literature? You certainly know how to tempt me, Captain. It's certainly possible. I'll have to meet with the other Magistrates to discuss it. No one has ever made a request like that. In the meantime, I'd like to enjoy every bite of this, how did you call it? Actually, I haven't. Some of them are travelling now but I assure you I will do it. (A merchant holds out some goods, and Gath sighs with boredom.) I've already seen all those. Oh? Why? Not true. We welcome you for as long as you can stay. And I hope that's a very long time indeed. Why are you so consumed with this desire to get home? I find it difficult to understand. Couldn't you create a new home here, with us? Can you imagine a more delightful place to live, where you could pass your time extracting pleasure from every moment. I promise you, you and I have many such moments to explore. (Gath kisses Janeway's hand.) Yes? You would loose those notions if you stayed with us. We have offered you nothing but hospitality. Is this how you repay us? With an attack on our beliefs? I don't enjoy being judged like this. It's very upsetting. Not at all pleasurable. You're hostile and vicious. You would infect the joyousness of our lives. You must leave immediately. Of course I did. I did everything in my power to persuade you to stay here.
