Pulled in? Obviously the Turei don't have the wisdom to maintain them properly. They'll be very difficult to navigate after centuries of neglect. We'd be happy to plot a course for you but first, we'll need to get past the Turei, How many vessels are in orbit? They may have detected us. If they know their history, they'll come prepared. The Turei would like nothing more than to find the rest of our subspace corridors. We can't allow that to happen. What if Voyager is disabled? We'll be defenceless. If we armed my ships with your photon torpedoes Why? I'm not used to putting my life in someone else's hands. I need those weapons. If you want access to our corridors. All right, our lives are in your hands. [Vaadwaur caves - central chamber] Relatively? This is absurd. Our plan was to reoccupy one of our former colonies, gain allies, rebuild our forces, take back what was ours. No, with Voyager. I've been studying their technology, the control systems, propulsion, weaponry. We could learn to operate the vessel ourselves. After they engage the Turei, they'll expect us to assist them. Instead, we'll attack. We'll put as many soldiers as we can onto Voyager and take it into the corridors. If you like, I can return you to your stasis pod. Inform the others. [Astrometrics lab] Captain, we've reactivated seventy three assault vessels. Our pilots are standing by. I don't understand. Something could go wrong. Why leave them defenceless? What prompted this change? Gedrin. Request denied, Captain. Unacceptable. We did not spend nine hundred years in stasis to take orders from you. [Vaadwaur cave - central chamber]  Contact the battalion. Tell them to prepare for the attack. [Bridge] Launch another squadron. [Bridge] They'll have to reroute power from their shields to seal them. They'll have no choice but to put down. Have our ground forces ready. (Tuvok stuns a Vaadwaur in the control chamber, and Gedrin works a console.) [Bridge] Wait. We have hundreds of bio-pods still intact. Put them into stasis. In a few hundred years, maybe someone will be kind enough to How? Shut it down. [Vaadwaur caves - control chamber] We'll take as many ships as we can. Try to reach the subspace corridor. (Gedrin is crushed by falling rocks.) [Bridge]
