Thirty seven bio-pods were damaged. I had to disconnect them from the reactor. I had no choice. The main power's holding. The rest of the bio-pods are secure. That leaves us. Don't look so worried. It'll be like a simple night's sleep. We're out of time. (Jisa gets into a bio-pod.) I don't know. We'll get through this. We'll start again. Five years. [Bridge] Who How long was I Nine hundred? Jisa. Help her, please. (Seven goes to the other bio-pod and activates it. Gedrin totters over and gazes at a dessicated corpse.)GEDRIN: No, Jisa. She was my wife. [Sickbay] I was drifting in and out of consciousness when they brought me here, but I thought I saw you appear out of thin air. And the others? (Janeway and Seven enter.) You're the ones that took me out of stasis. I don't recognise your species. And you've expanded your territory into this space? You're Borg. Don't you recognise my people? The Vaadwaur? I've had many encounters with your kind. How did you find us? Their corridors? The corridors were ours. It took centuries to map them. We were the envy of a hundred species, including the Turei. The Turei, and a dozen others. What one couldn't accomplish the others finally did. I would like to look at what's left of my world. [Mess hall]  We made our final stand there. A single battalion, and their families. We had planned to come out of stasis after five years. We believed that by then, the Alliance would have been at each other's throats. No, not here. We knew this planet would be poisoned for centuries. We were planning to go to another world, start a colony, hope to find new allies, learn from them. Jisa and I lived there in the old quarter. We had a garden overlooking the street below. It's a shame she didn't show more courage at the end. That's no excuse. When it rains, do you run from doorway to doorway trying to stay dry, getting wet all the while. Or do you just accept the fact that it's raining, and walk with dignity? But the principle is the same. Maybe it's not too late to meet a new ally and learn from her. You're Talax-ilzay. The old tongue was new when I met your race. And farther. Our corridors took us to many worlds. I'm curious. Have you heard of us, the Vaadwaur? Your ancestors were wise. Only fools would let this happen to them. (A missile hits the surface and explodes.) Captain? Can you transmit a signal through this atmosphere? I have no intention of speaking with the Turei. We put a sentry satellite in orbit directly above the city. You could use its sensors to help guide your torpedoes. Open a channel. I'll give you the activation code. (Gedrin does not understand Starfleet consoles.)GEDRIN: I'm a few centuries out of date. One more torpedo will finish them. Captain, why don't you keep firing? But they'll come back with twice as many ships. The Turei may be cowards, but their technology has become much more advanced than ours. If you leave us, we will be slaughtered again. Help us off this planet, and we will show you subspace corridors known to nobody else. You will be free from the Turei, and you will be a thousand light years closer to your home. The corridors occur naturally, but they're very unstable. They're damaged by use. If we do manage to escape, we'll need to locate a habitable world. Morin, take charge of reviving the rest of our battalion.  That star cluster in grid fourteen twenty one? Nearly half the planets are inhabitable. The Borg? In my century they'd only assimilated a handful of systems. It looks like they've spread through the quadrant like a plague. No offence. We had a colony near the twin star in grid three one five. And who are they? I don't suppose they'd be willing to negotiate for a continent or two. It doesn't matter. We have nothing to negotiate with. Our technology is nine hundred years out of date. I hope you're right. [Briefing room] I'm afraid the planet is somewhat harsh. There are no large bodies of water and the vegetation is sparse. Our former colonies are destroyed or occupied by species that are far more advanced than we are. With what, a battalion of obsolete ships and outdated weapons? What are you saying? This is a mistake. If we fail, we'll lose everything. Not exactly paradise. Practical and to the point, just like my wife. She had a knack for cutting to the truth. To say the least. You would have enjoyed her company. You are not at all like the Borg I knew. So do I. I'm curious. Has your crew ever considered finding a planet of their own? A place to settle down? That could take decades, and there are many dangers ahead. I suppose you will. I'm due for a final briefing with your Mister Tuvok. You wanted to see me, Captain? Can't it wait until after we've reached the corridors? Surprising? Your point? That was nine hundred years ago. Our only motive is survival. Both versions of our history are true. We did use the corridors to explore and, on occasion, expand our territory. But Captain, we have gone from a population of six billion to six hundred. Our weapons are archaic. Do you really think that we are prepared to declare war on the Delta Quadrant? What are you going to do, put us all back into stasis? I suggest you listen to her. Some of us have survived. I could access it from the underground control chamber. Transport me there. Not all of my people are stuck in the past, Captain.  They're blocking my commands. I'm rotating the carrier frequencies. Not yet. If we're going to succeed, I need to transmit the signatures of our fighters to the Turei. You go. [Bridge]
