Yes. Let's gather the find and bring it back to the ship. If it is, we've just made the most important discover in Voth history. [Gegen's Research Vessel] (In space. What is left of the skeleton is reassembled on an autopsy table.) His cranial capacity is twenty two percent smaller than ours, and he appears to be lacking a dilitus lobe. If he did, it was rudimentary. I doubt this fellow would have enjoyed the sulphur lagoons of Hokath. His cartilaginous microstructure is extremely porous. Most likely warm-blooded. I believe this was a non-saurian. No. No, the genetic markers we share with this being are undeniable. We are related, however distantly. The question we must answer is, what was our endotherm doing in this part of space? This material. It's composed of synthetic polymers, and the molecular structure suggests replication technology. And consider the garment itself. Is this marking purely decorative, or does it have a symbolic function. Could it indicate status? At the very least, we can assume he was part of a social infrastructure. That would imply a ship. Did your eyes see the planet of our origin, the true home of our race? Was it beautiful? Was it covered by oceans, by sand? Were there nine moons above your head? Were there none? He appears to be at a loss for words. His ship and the people on it hold the key to where we came from. We've got to find it. This isn't a field trip, Veer! We need to mount a sector wide expedition, and that means a fleet of ships. We have to go directly to the Ministry of Elders. Bone decalcification indicates he died more than a year old. His ship could be thousands of light years away by now! Time is running out. You must remember, Veer, from the moment you were initiated into my Circle, you made a commitment to the pursuit of scientific truth. Before this, all we had was a theory. Now we have proof. We simply have to get them to open their eyes and see it. We're going to set a course for the City Ship, present our friend here, and let him do the talking. [Voth City Ship] This pile of bones belonged to a being who died approximately one a year ago, from a species found nowhere in known space, and yet we share forty seven genetic markers with this being. We are undoubtedly related to him, and I intend to prove to you that we evolved on the very same planet he did. Yes, that's exactly right. And to find that planet, our planet, we must find a living member of his kind. I've created a computer extrapolation. We're looking for a race of bipedal endotherms, spacefaring but technologically limited. Based on their cranial capacity I'd say they're no more advanced than most endotherms. Yes. Which is why I ask your permission to launch an expedition. I was dealing with traders. They knew the location of the cave. I had no choice. I have analysed every micron of the skeleton. I assure you it's authentic. What do you mean? That's not what I'm saying at all. However, in the light of my discovery, some of our beliefs may have to be re-evaluated. Hardly. I failed to anticipate the level of ignorance I would be facing. I want you to arrange a meeting with the Circle of Exobiology. We have supporters there. (Veer leaves. Gegen's daughter enters.) Unnecessarily. They don't need to be. The evidence will speak for itself. And word of my discovery is already travelling. If enough people confront the Ministry You don't believe me either, do you. I'm disappointed in you. What's going to happen to you if I do stop? To your children, to all of Voth. You'll continue to live in ignorance, progress held back by ancient myth. The truth must be known. [Gegen's Research Vessel] What's happened? About what? On what charge? I'll fight it! I'll have to do this on my own, then. Go back to your family. As long as you're with me, you're at risk. I've run an analysis on the uniform marking. I found what appears to be a microscopic identification code. The translation matrix indicates it's most likely a proper name. Yes. I believe it's the name of the endotherm's vessel. We're looking for something called Voyager. GEGEN I encrypted the carrier signal. There's no way to trace it. Of course I did. I've seen the tint on your scales when she's around. I've let you into my academic circle, but now you wish to enter my family as well. You should know your place. Traditionally, my family mate with the family of Towt. (Gegan's long tongue flicks out and gathers up some insects hovering around a bright light.) But traditions are meant to be broken. (The computer beeps.) I'm engaging spatial displacement It's unlikely their primitive sensors will be able to detect us once we're out of phase. Take us out of transwarp, we don't want to pass them. Nothing. Not at the moment. We stand to learn more by observing. Once we've collected the information we need, and if they appear non-violent, we'll make contact. We'll be looking for their data storage devices, analysing their behaviour, anything that can tell us who and what these people are. Eyes open, Veer. [Corridor] (A crewman walks past Gegen and Veer.) Interphase is stable. Well, they are mammals, after all. Ah, over here. This appears to be a computer access terminal. Simple binary system. I've downloaded their database. Male and female interacting. Let's observe. [Engineering] Exactly. Note how the female through the feigned antagonism encourages the male in his attempt to mate. Obviously they never evolved that ability, which would explain their reliance on crude verbal interplay. Well, Veer, what can you observe about their social structure? My conclusion exactly. We've exceeded our welcome. Let's get back to the ship. Some sort of forcefield. The forcefield is disrupting our interphase. I'm compensating. I can at least get us off this deck. It would appear we've underestimated our endotherms. It may come to that. [Bridge] Your instinct is to flee, but I must warn you, there's a confinement field around the table. Just stay calm and you won't hurt yourself. It wasn't an invasion. We were on a field expedition to learn more about your species. We meant no harm. I'm a molecular paleontologist. An unfortunate mistake. Veer is inexperienced and he panicked. Your people were firing at us. I couldn't get to him. Yes. A living specimen of human. I've been studying your computer database and I have many questions. The planet of your origin, correct? Are there any of my kind there? Any of my species? Please, answer the question. Gegen. A land mass that was destroyed. Obviously not all of my people became extinct. Some of them must have developed spacefaring technology and left the planet. Our true origin on Earth lost over the eons, replaced by Doctrine, the myth that we were the First Race. Now you understand why I had to find your ship. Eyes open. I'm afraid I let my own prejudice get in the way. I was wary of you. We have very poor relations with non-saurian races. Mammals in particular are considered to be a lower life form, but I must admit I've never gotten to know one before. In fact, you have. I can't do that. I've already made arrangements to meet my supporters on the Fourth Colony. They're waiting for us. You don't understand what I'm up against. I'm being charged with heresy against Doctrine. You're my only evidence. If enough people see living proof of my theory, even the Ministry will be forced to acknowledge the truth. I can't let you go now. Not until it's over. I'm sorry. [Science Lab] I won't be responsible for those deaths. But if I go back now without my support, they'll discredit my theory, suppress the truth. I've just laid in a course for the City Ship. [Ready room] I do not. I apologise if I wrote anything that offended the Elders, but I never even mentioned the word Doctrine. Not so. I've been pursuing a scientific investigation. I'm not concerned at all with Doctrine. I'm sorry. I can't deny the evidence. The proof is standing right beside me. I will admit that there are still questions. The picture is incomplete. But I am certain of this. We are from the planet that these humans call Earth. Veer! What did you say to him. That you'd take away his honours if he didn't cooperate? That you'd send him to a detention colony? Did you threaten his family? No! Why should I? You've already made up your mind! This inquiry isn't about evidence and proof, it's about keeping you in that chair! It's about maintaining a myth that keeps the Ministry in power. You'd do anything to silence me. Well, it won't work. I'll never retract my claims. I'd rather go to prison than help you perpetuate ignorance. You're right, Minister. I was mistaken. I thought you might actually care about the truth, even if it called into question some of our deepest beliefs. No. I stand by them. As you wish. Why? You have nothing to gain by imprisoning them. Let them go. Minister. Stop this, please! I have reconsidered, and I retract my claims regarding the Distant Origin theory. My analysis of the data was obviously flawed. I was mistaken. Yes. Perhaps. I was foolish, arrogant, and I lost everything. And you, Chakotay, have been a colleague, a friend. I will not forget you. Some day every Voth will see this as home. Eyes open.
