 Orbital One to launch control. We're ready to ignite second stage propellants. Second-stage propellants depleted. Ready to ignite final stage propellants. Launch Control, we are awaiting your commands to proceed. What was that? Orbital One to launch control. We are not receiving your orders. Final stage propellants depleted. Thrusters active. Correcting. We're in rendezvous range. Moving into final position. We're within scanning range. The scanners won't penetrate their hull. We're not authorised to do that. Are you all right? This isn't right. We shouldn't be here. We were never meant to be here. We've seen enough. Please, we have to leave. Oh, it's different. Maybe they're just a little slower. (Trina grabs her abdomen in pain.)GOTATA-RETZ: What's wrong? (The both collapse on floor. We return to normal time.) Where's Trina? Transition? To your time frame? I'm beginning to. So you really haven't been watching us for centuries.  So if what you're saying is true, everyone I know, everyone I knew, is gone. Captain, I'm an accomplished pilot. That's why they chose me for this mission. I don't have the courage of the others. They made a mistake choosing me. When I was a young child, the toys hanging above my crib depicted the Sky Ship. It's the first thing I ever remember seeing, even before my mother's face. And now I'm the only one that knows its name. Voyager. I suppose it'll be the last thing I see as well. (sings) Star of the night, Star of the day, Come to take my tears away. Make my life always bright. It's a child's prayer. Yes. How often does your very first dream come true? Of course I'll help you. [Corridor] Mountain or Lakeside? You really were on the surface. Not good. Five wins, twelve losses. Torelius. His grandson. That was before I was born.  This information is out of date. We were far more advanced than this when I left. I can help you correct it. Let's start with the geological data. The seismic detectors back then were off by a variance of three point eight. Does every planet look like ours? If we're so out of step with everything else, we'll never be able to explore space the way you have. They'd better do it before you leave. Without the Sky Ship up above them, my people might lose interest in progress. There wouldn't be anything left to reach for. Maybe so. What was that? Captain, I apologise for this attack. They have no right. Let me talk to them. They still don't know about the time differential. Thank you for everything, Doctor. Certainly. Jason? An unusual name. But you're a hologram. I will. [Space ship] Pilot First Rank, Gotana-Retz. Is this Launch Control? Please, listen to me. I'm trying to reach Launch Control. Gotana-Retz, yes. Now, please transfer me to Launch Control. I've been inside the Sky Ship. I've got to speak with them. If you ever wanted to report more than the weather, now is your chance. Tell them to clear Central Lake of all traffic. Orbital One is coming in for a landing. [Bridge] It's good to see you all again. I'm sorry it took so long. Unfortunately that won't be possible. A temporal compensator. It allows me to exist in your time frame without actually leaving my own, but only for a few minutes. I'm afraid it'll be a while before my people actually join the rest of the galaxy. I feel like I'm saying goodbye to an old friend. (He disappears. Down on the planet, his silver-haired self watches the bright star disappear.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
