I don't suppose you know anything about chromodynamic lights? They're as fussy as tarchee cats. You tune them too high, they burn out. You tune them too low, they sputter. I've told the monks to replace them all with neodyne lights, it would save hours of repair work. That device you've got, what is that? A tricorder. What exactly does a tricorder do? Interesting. May I? Ah, atmospheric reading, energy field analysis, full technical database. This is certainly a convenient thing to have. (The guide puts in in her robe pocket.) Oh no, you won't. Guide, advisor, spiritual companion. Whatever term you prefer is fine with me. Shall we get started? (She leads Janeway down the tunnels. Two young women approach and touch Janeway's hair.) It's all right, Kathryn. (Janeway allows them to unpin her bun and remove her uniform. Once she is naked, they paint designs on her face and body, then put a simple brown robe on her.) why do you think I know? Don't worry, I'll help you find your way. Tell me, have you completely committed yourself to this journey? You're willing to go through what the monks have been doing for centuries to help them find the spirits? So you can send biochemical data back to you ship. No, it wasn't magic. Our bioscanners detected the microprobe under your skin. Makes no difference at all. You are fond of your little devices, aren't you. I'm sure they have. Please, come this way. [Waiting Room] (There are pensioners sitting on a bench by the wall.) Yes? By all means. [Ritual room] (Steps lead up to a platform.) Do you want me to give you orders, Captain? I see. So you think this is just a matter of doing what you're told. Challenges. That's what you expect? I don't doubt that. But do you realise that all of this is meaningless. That the only thing that matters is finding your connection to the spirits. That's a worthy cause. I hope the spirits listen to you. Then let's begin. The first challenge. Stand like this. (Right foot slightly in front of the left, knees bent.) Hold that. (up at eye level) Now, what do you see in your hands? Keep looking. [Sickbay] What do you see now? That would be too easy, wouldn't it? It's up to you. Draw whatever feels right. And you were the scientist. Mathematics. I can see why you enjoyed it. Solve a problem, get an answer. The answer's either right or wrong. It's very absolute. I'm sure you did. (Next it is rock-climbing over a chasm, then we are back to holding the stone, which is glowing for Janeway.) What did you see? Describe it. [Sickbay] Your microprobe should be transmitting all kinds of interesting information back to the ship. It's a nesset. They're able to travel from this world into the spirit realm. They serve as gatekeepers. Do you think you're ready? Then you are. Go ahead, put your hand in. (Janeway reaches towards the basket, and the thing inside hisses and spits.) We can stop right now if you like. Don't be afraid. Kathryn. (Janeway is lying in a sarcophagus-like chamber at the top of the steps.) Everyone dies eventually. (The lid closes over her.) [Sickbay] I'm only here to serve as a voice, an interpreter for the Ancestral Spirits. You mean you want proof that we exist. It's irrelevant. Everything you've gone through is meaningless. You've been told that. Then by all means do so. Your request is inconsequential. You have what you need to save her yourself. [Ritual room] (The sarcophagus lid opens, and Janeway wakes.) Welcome back. Does that matter? Thirty nine hours. You must take care of yourself. Your body's weak. Has it been worthwhile? Then it must be true. The spirits would not deceive you. (The guide hands over Janeway's uniform.) Whenever you're ready. Yes. I haven't led you anywhere, Kathryn. You've taken me along wherever you wanted to go. This was your ritual. You set these challenges for yourself. You'd have settled for nothing else. You've come back to seek the spirits. Then I believe you are ready to begin. [Waiting room] (Back into the brown robe.) He can't really do that, can he? I suppose it might be necessary if the Captain of a ship were really mentally impaired, but you're not crazy, Kathryn, you know that. I can't give you my word on that. Nobody knows what will happen to them in the shrine until they go in. I don't know the answers. But you do.
