Actually, Captain, I sense you'd be willing to raise your price to three hundred renns. Lieutenant Torres needs this resonator coil to upgrade Voyager's communications systems. You must have read my mind. (A man bumps into Torres, stepping on her foot.) Are you hurt? It's been a pleasure doing business with you. My children get upset when I'm late for supper. If you're here to do business we can make an appointment for tomorrow. Why me? Lieutenant Torres, yes. She was arrested? Ah. She seemed like such a pleasant young woman. Yes. A man accidentally ran into her. You're not like the others from your ship, are you? You're a telepath. Why are you so curious about what happened? I see. For a moment I thought you had another reason for asking. You struggle with violent thoughts as well. Terrible images, but they're hidden deep within your mind. No, please, don't trouble yourself. I can't see them clearly enough to be affected. No. I was just thinking, maybe I could help you. In learning how to deal with these dark impulses. I'm sure you do. Any other questions? Then if you'll excuse me, I really can't be late for the table. (Guill heads down some steps, and Tuvok follows at a discreet distance. I have something exciting for you tonight. (Guill and Malin walk on, then step out of a shadow in front of Tuvok.)GUILL: Why are you following us? How would we do that? Quiet. Why should I trust you? Wait. Maybe we can be of use to each other, but you'll have to Now. Show me. I'm surprised you're so easily tired. Your telepathic abilities are strong. There must be violent thoughts to be had from your shipmates, whether they want to share them or not. After all, they couldn't stop a telepath from probing their minds, could they? Sometimes I buy, sometimes I find a person like you who's willing to share, and yes, when the opportunity presents itself, I take what I need. Frane took her thought, not me. Only casually. Why do you ask? It's impossible. Frane's already had it purged. Me? What? She remembers incorrectly. Enough! It's time you gave me what you promised. Tuvok's taking me into custody. Quiet. I never meant that to happen. The old woman begged me for that thought. I had to help her. Here. (They sit him down.) Enough. Malin, hold him still. Now, show me. (Screaming people, a man burning alive, a Kradin.)GUILL: You're holding back. I haven't seen the best of it yet, have I? Then show me. Yes. Yes. Good. This is the side of you I wanted to know. (Guill sees himself retreating from an oncoming Tuvok, who then grabs his throat and squeezes.)GUILL: What's happening? Please, stop.(Guill passes out.)  [Chief Examiner's office]
