Reg, what are you doing? Yes, running another simulation. I can see that. What about the transmitter diagnostics? You have finished them, haven't you? Almost isn't good enough. We've got Admiral Paris first thing in the morning. Don't tell me you forgot. Reg.  What theory? You think the pulsar might damage the array? How? Reg, you're dreaming again. Based on your last series of simulations, we wasted six months trying to develop that transwarp probe. Reg, I really appreciate your imagination. It's what makes you such a valuable part of this team. But I'm not about to tell the Admiral that we've found a way for him to chat with his son because of some cock-eyed theory that only exists up here. Now please, finish those diagnostics. And, Reg, remember, while the Admiral's here, I do the talking. Yes. I know. I looked them over. Good job. Now, why don't you call it a day? Well, see you tomorrow, then. Oh,. Reg, why don't, why don't you drop by tonight when you're through here? Come to the house. Have some coffee. Angie's sister's in from Boston. I, er I think she might like you. Correct me if I'm wrong, Reg, but Neelix is your cat. Well, if you change your mind.  The Delta Quadrant, sector 41751, grid nine. Voyager's doctor reported this as the ship's position when his programme was briefly transferred to Starfleet two years ago. Assuming they're still on course for Earth, we've been able to extrapolate a range of likely trajectories. Estimating an average warp speed of six point two, and accounting for various astronomical obstacles, we can reasonably assume that Voyager is now in one of these three sectors. As you know, we've been working with the Vulcans on the deployment of the MIDAS array. Though we're still in the testing phase, we think it won't be long before we can use this technology to send signals at hyper-subspace speeds. A message that would normally take years to reach its destination could be received by Voyager in a matter of days. No sir, but at least they'll know we're still looking for them. We'll send data on the hyper-subspace technology and hope they can eventually use it to return the call. Lieutenant Barclay. Now is not the time. Mister Barclay has a tendency to get ahead of himself, sir. Unfortunately, what he's suggesting is beyond our abilities. Mister Barclay. Take the rest of the day off, Reg. That was not a suggestion. What's going on here? Yes, aren't you going to introduce me? I thought I told you to go home. You call this work? You've created holograms of the Voyager crew. How long have you been in here? The briefing ended ten hours ago. All the extra time you've been putting in. If I checked the holo-logs, would I find you've been spending those hours in here? How much of it? Don't you think that's a little excessive? Before I brought you onto my team I reviewed your file. You've struggled with holo-addiction before. From where I stand it looks like you've had a relapse. I think you need counselling. I should have been paying more attention to your behaviour. I thought I was being a friend by giving you some leeway. I didn't realise how involved you've become with Voyager. I'm sorry, Reg, but until you get some help, you're off the project. You've given me no choice. This hologrid and the lab are officially off limits. Now go home. Reg! Don't make me call security. [Starfleet Command] (On his desk, Admiral Paris has a picture of Nick Locano from The First Duty, played by Robert Duncan McNeill.)ADMIRAL Step away from the controls. Stand down, Mister Barclay. Stop him. Stun him if you have to. [Holodeck - Voyager Corridor] Harkins to Security. I need reinforcements. [Holodeck - Voyager Engineering]  Computer, cut all power to the hologrid. Very clever, Reg. I've got an idea. I'm coming in. [Holodeck - Voyager Engineering] Computer, disengage primary coolant system. Exactly. (Harkins' phaser fire removes Holo-Torres.)  [Holodeck - Voyager Bridge] Shut down the programme, Reg. Forcefields aren't going to help you, Reg. It's over. One way or another, this programme's going to end. He's already tried, sir, without your authorisation. It didn't work. What would you like me to do with him, Admiral? He broke into the lab, accessed the MIDAS array and resisted arrest. Reg, give me a hand clearing up the signal. You did it, Reg. I'm sorry I doubted you.
 Is this going to take much longer, Reg? Long range scans didn't pick up anything unusual. What about my theory, Reg? The hologram was too complex. It caused the datastreams to degrade before they reached their destination. Then let's stick to what we do know. For the second month in a row, we tried sending your hologram to Voyager. And for the second month in a row, it failed to get there. It won't happen a third time. Next month we go back to standard transmissions. Admiral Paris wants us to send more practical data, like tactical upgrades, letters from the crew's families. Sending a hologram to Voyager was a good idea but it didn't Very good. That's right. Who else? Reg, now isn't the time. What is your point? Ensign. (The Ensign ushers the schoolchildren out of the lab.) It wasn't the Borg, Reg. That is enough. I am sorry your idea didn't work, but I can't have you going off on a tangent. Not again. You'll be no good to Pathfinder or Voyager. How much leave do you have saved up? Take a week. Go home. Try to relax. No! That was not a request, Lieutenant. Now that is the most sensible thing I've heard you say all day. My cousin has a beach house in Malaysia. She'd be happy to lend it to you. Nunk? Scans indicate they've been in the vicinity of that star for the last forty three hours. Why? The Carolina's point seven light years away. At maximum warp it could reach them in two hours. Computer, open a secure channel to the Carolina. If I', reading this correctly, Voyager's headed right for it. One hologram against an entire crew? The Carolina's still half a light year away. They won't make it in time.  Harkins to Holodeck one. It worked, Reg. [Pathfinder holodeck - Voyager engineering] HARKINS
