I'm about to disprove Schlezholt's theory of multiple big bangs. Of course I had to demolish Wang's second postulate to do it. You're standing in the way of cosmological history. Schlezholt would thank you for the reprieve. Captain's log, stardate 53753.2. Long range scans of the T cluster have indicated a number of tantalising anomalies. The away team should have a field day. Who knows, I may even join them myself. [Celes' quarters] Captain Janeway, are you lost? Well, there's been a mistake. You have me assigned to an away mission. I have my duties here. I prefer not to leave my post. If this is charity, Captain, I don't want it. What do you know about my expertise? Well then, you might be interested to know that I'm about to disprove Schlezholt's theory of multiple big bangs. That's a stellar nursery. Any planets will be gas giants. I'm not a mechanic. What do you find most interesting about it? I see you have an appreciation for multivariate analysis. Maybe you missed your calling. It's a shame. I imagine it gets tedious up at the helm. Within parameters. That wasn't us. Even my mother didn't call me that. No. Thank you. Wildest sky in the Alpha Quadrant. Do you really believe that childhood environment is more important than genetically driven behaviour patterns? Conversation filled with unspoken assumptions, which I don't agree with. I'm a product of my nucleic acids. Where and how I was raised are beside the point. So if you're trying to understand me better, questions about my home planet are irrelevant. I signed on to Voyager because I needed a year of hands-on experience. It was a requirement for getting into the Institute of Cosmology on Orion One. If we hadn't gotten lost in the Delta Quadrant, I'd be there right now. Which is why I don't like space exploration. Stumbling from star to star like a, a drunken insect careening toward a light source is not my idea of a dignified existence. Pure theory is all that concerns me. You don't feel responsible, Captain, for having three misfits aboard your ship? Well, if there's anything I can do to help relieve your guilt, please let me know. Maybe I will join my colleagues for lunch. All this exploration has given me an appetite. Ninety percent of our antimatter's been neutralised. The reaction's cold. I'm bringing the impulse engines online, but they've been damaged. We'll be able to do one eighth impulse, no more. It was a dark-matter proto-comet. Written by me. I hypothesised that a tertiary product of stellar consolidation would be a comet-like assemblage of dark matter. It would be attracted to any source of antimatter and neutralise it upon contact. The term detected suggests a consciousness. This is a mindless astrophysical phenomenon, nothing more. We should eject our remaining antimatter or we could suffer another impact. The forces involved are non-trivial. If we're hit again, we could lose our entire outer hull. Maybe they are talking, but somebody doesn't know how to listen to them. This isn't the time to be worried about her feelings, Captain. We're in trouble. If you want something to fantasise about, try imagining how it'll feel if our hull is breached and we die of vacuum exposure. Our blood will vaporise and our cell membranes will rupture. Surely you know the symptoms better than I do. Nothing disagrees with me more than having to put theories into practical use, but there's no choice, so pay attention to what we're doing here. You can check yourself into Sickbay when we get back. That's right, where I don't have to rely on you or your intellectually deficient friend. In the company of my own thoughts? Never. A hypothesis that would require testing. I'm a theoretician, remember? Captain's log, Delta Flyer, stardate, 53764.3. We've been running on minimal power for six hours. Still no response to our distress call, and no answers from the computer on what hit us. For now, it looks like we're on our own. Proof enough. It's being drawn toward our antimatter. Eject the core. Of course not. It's a natural phenomenon. Captain, we only have a few seconds. That's not possible. Obviously, whatever hit us was no proto-comet. I was wrong. It's impossible. Molecules that complex would collapse under their own weight. They could never support life. We never should have left Voyager. I wasn't meant to be an explorer. Then we're both victims of circumstance. Then you've been deluded by the inexhaustible human capacity to avoid the truth. You're the one hiding, not me. I've got you three more percentage points of impulse. You don't know me at all. Incoming transmission. It's a Starfleet frequency. Must be Voyager. Subspace echo. That's the same degree of spatial fluctuation left by our pursuers. They're sending our distress signal back to us. They're taunting us. It's tapping into our systems. It's into our environmental controls. We've got to stop it. (The console explodes.) It was trying to kill us. We were at risk. What if you were wrong? We don't belong here. That's speculation. We'll need twice that to reinitialise warp reaction. Then I'll be going alone. If they have to deal with me, it should give you a few more seconds to get away. That's my theory, anyway. It's too late for that. [Delta Flyer - cockpit]JANEWAY: You made a mistake, Harren. Don't make another one. I'm done hiding, Captain. [Escape pod]HARREN: A few seconds of exposure to
