Thanks. A lot of memories in this. It's my last gift for you and the children. I know. I'll miss you too. But I'll see you in the Next Emanation when you're ready to join me. I will. Goodbye. Who is that? The Next Emanation? You mean he's come back? How did you get here? What do you mean, you saw dead people there? (The door opens.) He said he saw dead people on an asteroid. Doctor, what does this mean? I'm just not sure I'm ready, that's all. Neither do I. It's just that I'm starting to wonder what really happens when we die, if I'm really going on to a higher level of consciousness. All he's done is made me stop and think about something we've always taken for granted, and now that I've thought about it, I'm not so eager to go through with it anymore. I don't know what to think anymore. I'm scared, Loria. Harry, you have to forgive my wife. She's having trouble understanding my concerns about the afterlife. That's why I'm here. I'm getting ready to die. Forgive me for asking again but can you tell me anything about what I might find in the Next Emanation? But you do come from the afterlife? But you did see my people there? You said they were dead? But it's also possible that there is no higher existence for us, that when we die we simply cease to exist. Don't you have thanatologists, people who study death? My people have come to think of death as just another stage of our existence. There are some people who are even eager to die. If they feel depressed or lonely in this life, they simply move on to the next one. Ever since the er, accident, life hasn't been easy. But I have to say, this is more my family's idea than it is mine. I'm a burden to them right now. It takes a lot of their time and resources to care for me, and I can't give much back to them. So, there was a family meeting and it was agreed that I should move on to the Next Emanation. You look appalled. Even though the family did it out of love, and everyone was happy for me, and they said they'd see me when they got to the Next Emanation, I have to admit there is a little voice inside of me that is terrified of dying. And since I've been talking to you, that little voice has started to get louder. [Engineering] Preparing for the transference ritual. This is a ceremonial shroud that's been in my family for five generations. It's something we look forward to, actually. I remember when my father used this shroud, his father before him. The difference is, when my father put this on there was no doubt in his mind about where he was going. I have thought of just walking out and disappearing. I have some friends in the Cararian Mountains. They would be willing to let me stay with them. But my family would worry about me. They'd wonder what was happening, if I was all right, if I were hurt. No, everyone's expecting a transference ritual, and I'm going to give them one. Do you realise what you're suggesting? Harry, if you go into that cenotaph and go through with the transference ritual, you'll die. But it's not certain? The shroud has to be wrapped in a particular way. I'll show you how, but we have to hurry. I'm scheduled for transference in less than an hour. [Cenotaph room] (Loria holds the hand of a fully-wrapped mummy.)
