We're ready for tea. I want cucumber sandwiches. It's just a cup. Don't be a goose. It doesn't matter.
Yes, that's right. Till six o'clock. Can we be of assistance? For what? Well, in any case, she's unarmed and chilled to the bone. I think we can handle her. Zeus himself watched over travellers. We should follow his example. Make yourself at home. Where's your car? It is. Decaf. Not exactly the nectar of the gods. Preserving the past. I'm Henry. Henry Janeway. That's what the propaganda calls it. It's nothing but hype. It's actually a glorified shopping mall. They've talked all of my neighbours into selling their businesses. Only one thing stands in their way. This time, Rome withstands the barbarians. I'm not hiring anybody right now. Besides, you're going to Florida. You're welcome. I suppose we could use some help. A company down in Texas The City Fathers made it easy for them. Free building permits, deferred taxes, new roads, so the invaders, they return the favour. They have offered us twenty percent above the market price for our properties. You know what the catch is? We've all got to sell. People I knew when I was growing up, family, friends, it seems like they've all just turned against me. If this were Roman times, they'd feed me to the lions. You know, I was born in the wrong millennium. The classical age. Greatest literature mankind ever produced. Families who'd take care of one another. Air you can breathe. What a pleasure. Lives that were worth living. There you got me. Speaking of the modern age, Do you have any plans for the Millennium Eve? Life of the party. Oh, maybe just a little. Come to think about it, I have sold an awful lot of doomsday books. So, what's in Florida? If you don't mind my asking, did you lose your job? From what to what. Yes, that's right. Really? Hmm. That station wagon of yours doesn't exactly look like a sailing ship. My mistake.(The customers go outside to see why the ground is shaking. There are big dumper trucks driving down the street.) [Television] That's not true! Yes. Yes, I would. You, you just can't, you can't bulldoze this town away. This, this is our heritage. This is our past. Yeah, yeah, your, your future. Your future, not ours. [Street]COLLINS: Mister Moss, we've heard you're considering moving the project to one of your alternate sites. Can you shed any light on that rumour? Well, that's that. All we have to do is stand firm till New Year's. Your school is one of the first places they're going to tear down. Whose side are you on? I'm sorry. We're all in this together. Come on. Let's head back to civilisation. [Alexandria Books]  Where shall we dine tonight? Ah, how does Paris sound? (Henry stands a book of French art open on the table. He and Shannon are dining by candlelight.) Well, I think I can arrange it. I know the maitre d. Well, we'll keep it to ourselves. There. To new friends. Bon appetit. Yes, it'd be nice. I haven't been outside Indiana. These are my travelling companions. They'll take me anywhere, anytime. I prefer my books. Is that an offer? I could make a similar argument. Not such a bad idea to settle down every now and then. Any more peculiar than exploring the Midwest in an ailing station wagon? It's got a brand new oil pan. Well, we were busy today. It's parked behind the garage whenever you're ready. Not so fast. Jason told me you promised to show him a few tricks on the computer. Great. Jason'll be pleased. And when you're done with him, perhaps we'll take a stroll along the Boulevard St. Germain. Maybe that's the idea. [Astrometrics lab] Let it fall. Any customers this morning? You two are dangerous together. Portage Creek will thank us one day. You don't sacrifice history for a shopping mall. I beg your pardon? Have you read the promotional literature? Over six hundred retail spaces available. Franchise potential. What's your point? What's wrong with the biosphere we're living in now? Exactly. Other worlds? Don't we have enough problems on the one we're on? I think you're taking this exploring a little too far. Sounds like you've been sleeping with the enemy. Moss. Doing what? On the Millennium Gate? And he said, get Janeway to sign on the dotted line and you're hired? And when I say no, then what? You're going to go with them, right? To Canton, Ohio, or the Third Circle of Hell, or wherever it is they decide to build this damn thing. You don't have to. Stay here. Why not? That's not a reason. Stuck? Like me? And so can you. (Henry holds out the bag and Shannon puts her laptop into it.) We're helping our guest resume her journey. We can manage by ourselves. I guess saying goodbye isn't that  We're closed. I said, we're closed. Who's with you? Thought you'd be in Ohio by now. Car break down again? What the hell are you doing? I'm not going anywhere. You can try. I won't leave. Then I'll have to ask you to leave. Obviously, I haven't, because if I had you wouldn't be asking me to sign my life away. Oh, please, no more speeches about the future. It's a deal. Glad we had this chat. Goodbye. Exactly. I've won. It's worked so far. Look, I know you've got a job to do. Then why are you here? Cookies? I see. Well, er, what does this have to do with anything? Actually, I prefer oatmeal cookies. I'm allergic to chocolate. And we'd like to have you. I, I don't see how with, without sacrificing my I suppose I could re-open my shop in that monstrosity you want to build. Not much profit in that. You sure you won't drive away again? What time is it? Then we're not too late.(Shannon and Henry leave the store. He turns the sign to Closed and the crowd go wild.) [Janeway's quarters] NEELIX
Something he did without mentioning in to us. Henry Burleigh, Viscount Timmons. My sister, the Lady Beatrice Flora. You will address us as my Lord and my Lady. In ullam rem ne properemus. In ullam rem ne properemus. Is your Latin a bit rusty? Then I don't see how you'll be doing my lessons with me. Beatrice! My sister is confused. She gave the sampler to Mother before she died. Beatrice! Beatrice is upset, Mrs Davenport. She hasn't yet accepted our mother's death. What have you done to my sister? (Henry vanishes.)
