You've taken our prey and one of our hunters. Surrender them. It belongs to us.
 I'll be in Sickbay. (Kim is left unsupervised. He does his bit on Auxilliary Systems 0470. Charging Holo-Emitters. Holo-Emitter Overload Initiated. The countdown starts at 9 minutes.) [Sainte Claire - Street] What is this?
Yes, Penk's generosity is legendary. (Laughter from the other fighters.) A Red Match does not end until one of the competitors is killed. Your friend would not survive. Give her a Blue Match, Penk. You wouldn't want to lose your new favourite her first time in the pit. It's a dermal regenerator. The Pendari you fought injured you. Now, keep still. It's almost out of power. I already have. He's sleeping. I recognise fellow hunters when I see them. I saw your match today. Your skills are impressive. You almost defeated him. But at the last moment, you hesitated. You questioned your desire to destroy your prey. Don't you? I thought I saw it in your eyes. With the proper training, you could become a champion. Do you know the difference between a survivor and a champion here? There isn't one. (Penk enters with his two armed bodyguards.) She needs time to recuperate, to prepare for her next bout. You will win the match. I know your opponent. I know his weaknesses. I can train you to defeat him. Consider the alternative. Ah, The Book of Tsunkatse. It is obvious you've studied it well. There must be thirty four. Is that what you're going to say to your opponent? Stop thinking like a drone. Sanctioned manoeuvres, perfecting defences. You cannot assimilate Tsunkatse from a book. You must live it, feel it, in here. Your movements must become instinct. An attack can come at any time from any direction. You must learn to improvise. Very perceptive. It's a wound I sustained in one of my first matches. After nineteen years, it still hasn't healed properly. I was taken during my son's first hunt. He was so proud to be with his father, watching every movement I made, imitating my gestures. But instead of bringing home his first trophy, he saw his father become someone else's prey. I never saw him again. All Penk would say was that the boy was too small for competition. You let down your defences. Why? What? Feeling sorry for me and My tragic past? You must never sympathise with your prey. Unless you accept that, you will die. We'll continue. [Transporter room] And what do you do to your prey? Go rest before your match. Thank me by winning. (Seven goes to Tuvok, who is working on a control panel.) Yes. (The signal for the bout to start. They circle each other.) I was helping you to overcome them. Nineteen years is a long time. I've grown tired. I want a death my son would be proud of. Then I'll be forced to kill you.(The fight starts, and the Hirogen gets in the first blow.) [Bridge] There is no other way. You're still dropping your elbow. (He twists her arm behind her back.)HIROGEN: Make a choice. Hunter or Prey? Hunter or Prey?(She kicks herself free and retaliates. They trade blows. Voyager shoots at Penk's vessel.) [Bridge]  I'm grateful. He doesn't realise how well you defend yourself. (He removes his chest sensor.)HIROGEN: A trophy. No. This time I will be searching for my son. I've been wondering. Would you have killed me? Fortunately, you were right. There was another way out. [Astrometrics lab]
Understood.
What are you? You are using our technology. It belongs to the Hirogen. Terminate your link. I warned you. No explanations. All messages will be intercepted.
