They're still offline. We can't seem to get the dilithium matrix reinitialised. Don't worry. B'Elanna's on it. There's a ship approaching, bearing two one six mark three three. It's Janeway's shuttle. We can obliterate them in one shot. I always said Janeway was a fool. She's trying to free the prisoners. Hello, Tuvok. I've been expecting you. If you can see me, you've obviously reopened the narrative parameters file of the tactical scenario you've been working on. That's right. A holographic representation of Seska, one of the Maquis shipmates you betrayed. I would have thought all that time you spent spying on us might have given you a little more insight into the Maquis, but after looking over what you've already written, I can see you need a little help. So I've created this representation of myself, to guide you through the rest of the programme. There is now. I finished writing it for you, with a few revisions of my own. To start with, the holodeck is now sealed. Your friends will find it very difficult to get you out of here. And the safety protocols are off, which means if I shoot you, and I am going to shoot you, you'll die. But not just yet. You've got ten seconds to run. Nine, eight Seven, six, five Oh, did I forget to tell you? The moment you restarted the programme, the com system went down. Four, three Two, one. [Holographic Corridor] Or what? You'll shoot us? Go right ahead. Poor Kathryn. I guess nobody told her the phaser rifles from storage locker three have been malfunctioning. You see who's in charge now, don't you? So if I were you, I'd get moving again. The programme's not over. You don't want to end up like your Captain, do you? You hear that? He thinks this is a game. Show him he's wrong. Next time, you'll believe me when I tell you the safety protocols are off. Now, you've got five seconds to start running again, or you'll end up with more than a flesh wound. [Holographic Corridor] Seska to Tuvok. I know you can hear me. I just wanted to remind you that wherever you go, I'll find you. Bring Paris and Tuvok over here. You and you, bring your weapons. [Engineering] HOLO-CHAKOTAY What do you think I'm doing? I'm going to execute them right here.  Fire on my order. What are you doing? We planned this. These two rodents betrayed us. They deserve to die. Quiet! You're not going to lose your nerve, are you? [Holographic Cargo Bay] Prepare to fire on my order!  Now, is there anyone else who wants to challenge my authority? Isn't their loyalty inspiring? Set your phasers to kill. Fire on my order. (Whumph!) What the hell was that? (Whumph again! Everyone falls down. Tuvok and Paris grab phasers from Maquis.) The Rukani?  You're not getting this ship back. Computer, initiate sixty seconds self-destruct sequence, authorisation zeta one. If you don't hand over that phaser rifle, everyone on this ship is going to be dead in Hand over the weapon, or the ship is going to be destroyed. I'm surprised at you, Tuvok. That's not very logical. If I'm dead, who'll turn off the self-destruct? Computer, terminate self-destruct sequence, authorisation zeta one. Now call off your Rukani friends. It is, isn't it? I guess if you want something done right, you've got to do it yourself. (Seska fires the phaser rifle, and kills herself.)
