You look perfect. Give me a hand with this? I must have been sick that day. (The cork refuses to budge from the bottle neck.)HOLO-CHAKOTAY: Looks like wine's off the menu. Never on the first date. Aye, aye. (Seven carrots for two people?)HOLO-CHAKOTAY: That smells delicious. No dessert? I can't wait. Could use another point six milligrams. But you're the chef. (She sucks a sample off his little finger.) Liszt? Do you play an instrument? I'd love to hear you play. Sorry. I'm a replicator man. You're beautiful when you're chopping. I don't mean to sound like an old holonovel, but you've got a wonderful smile. Oh no, it was a smile. I could check the internal sensors if you'd like. I'll take that as a compliment. (They kiss, long and slow.) You're doing just fine. (Seven hears an electric zizzing Good morning. [Astrometrics lab] Bravo. Approve? I'm amazed. I was expecting Chopsticks. I had no idea you were so good. It won't be long before you're giving a recital for the entire crew. Unfortunately, I don't play. But I'd love to hear you again and this is one of my favourites. (He puts some sheet music on the stand. Seven starts the metronome and plays Schumann's Of Foreign Countries and Peoples. Chakotay stops the metronome.) No. I want you to play. Look, your technique is flawless. But try to put a little Not what you're thinking, what you're feeling. Your emotions. Stop thinking about the notes. Just play. Yes, you can. Don't you see what's happening? The metronome is holding you back. It gives you a sense of order, but it also cuts you off from your feelings. Remember when you first came aboard? The thought of disconnecting from the hive mind terrified you. This is no different. It doesn't have to be perfect.(Seven resumes playing the piece.) [Bridge] I hope you're not allergic. Antarian moon blossoms, extremely rare. I had to smuggle them out of Airponics. Don't tell Neelix. I thought I'd cook for you tonight. How does roasted chicken sound? I slaved over the replicator for hours. Not hungry? For what? To say the least. You're ending this. Why? I could speak to the Captain, have her cut back on your duty shifts. Seven, the past few days have been more than memorable. They've been an important step forward for both of us. Don't throw that away. You're making a mistake. Ask yourself why you want to end this. Is it out of a sense of duty, or something else? Every time you move closer to your emotions, you back away. Like hiding behind that metronome. Is it? I think you're afraid that embracing your humanity will make you weak, less than perfect. But think about what you stand to gain. No, it's not. Real intimacy with another person? Nothing's more relevant. (Seven hears the little noise again.) Stay here with me. So do I. (That sound again.) You're not a drone anymore, you're human. Seven, what's wrong? (Seven picks up her comm. badge and activates it.) We were having an argument, then she just collapsed. I thought you removed all her cybernetic systems. (The penny drops.)
Where are you headed? Mind if I walk with you? So, how's it going? Tuvok still giving you a hard time? I don't know about you, but when I think about spending seventy years on the same ship with that guy, it gives me a headache.  Bridge. Computer, halt turbolift. Who told you that? Yeah, well, don't believe everything you hear. Computer, resume turbolift. All right, Ensign, here it is. As soon as the Captain leaves to meet the Rukani, I want you to put all crew quarters on lock-down. I'll ask you if you've finished upgrading the internal sensors. If you say yes, I'll know we're ready to go. I'm watching you. No tricks. [Holographic Bridge] Inform the Captain. There's a first time for everything, I guess. Don't worry, Captain. I'll keep your ship safe and sound. Captain, I've been thinking. Are you sure you don't want to take Lieutenant Tuvok with you, just in case the Rukani turn out to be less friendly than they seem? Lieutenant, I want you to keep close tabs on the Captain's shuttle. Let's make sure she doesn't run into any trouble. Ensign, let's shut down the transporters and start that diagnostic we've been putting off. Have you finished upgrading the internal sensors? I hope so. (Carlson and O'Donnell enter.) Wait here. No, it's just tomorrow's duty roster. Thank you, Tuvok. Chakotay to all hands. Let's do it. I guess you've made your choice. Take them all to the brig. [Holographic Brig] Hold Kim and Tuvok here. Bring the rest of them to Cargo bay one.  And we won't be wasting precious time stopping to investigate every insignificant anomaly we come across. What we will do is use any means necessary to acquire technology that can shorten our journey. To hell with Starfleet regulations. You have fifteen minutes to make up your minds. Where the hell are those warp engines? It's been two days. Run a full security sweep. Something tells me there's more to this engine problem than a faulty dilithium matrix. Open a channel. Hello, Kathryn. How did it go with the Rukani? There have been a few changes since you've been gone. Apparently you do. But I'll find them. Nobody has to die here today. I'm sorry it had to come to this. But the crew believes I can get them home faster than you can. Our warp drive may be temporarily offline, but our weapons systems are fully operational. Kathryn, don't try to be a hero. I've been reasonable so far. I'll allow you to keep the shuttle. I'll even transport you some extra provisions. But if you don't stand down, I will destroy your shuttle. What does she think she's going to accomplish? Not till I give the order. Reopen a channel. Target their warp core and fire. Janeway's no fool. She tricked us into destroying her shuttle, then transported over while the shields were down. You've got the bridge. You're with me. [Holographic Brig]  Get away from that panel! (Chakotay shoots Janeway. Holo-Paris is behind Paris.) Hold it right there! You're an incredible woman, Seska. (Holo-Chakotay kisses Seska.) I've been waiting a long time for this. (Holo-Chakotay shoots Paris in the arm.) Hello, boys. [Engineering] HOLO-CHAKOTAY  As you can see, the last of your comrades have been captured. In case anybody had any doubts, it should be obvious by now that this is no longer a Starfleet vessel. Belay that. I'm not sure it's necessary to kill them. Lower your weapons. [Engineering]  We have what we want. There's no reason to kill them. Seska! I'm in command of this operation. [Engineering] HOLO-SESKA
