 Why did they shut down main power? Our shields provide sufficient protection against nebula discharge. I should go to Astrometrics. Seven may need my help. Maybe if you explained what's happening in more detail, we wouldn't have to guess. Deck twelve section forty two is off limits to everyone but senior officers with a level six security clearance. She was just trying to frighten you. We deserve an explanation. Our cardiopulmonary systems are reinforced.  You're not remembering correctly. The Bussard Collectors don't produce nadion emissions. It was obviously a space-dwelling lifeform. The Borg encountered them in galactic cluster eight. They're multi-spectrum particle lifeforms. Continue the story. What happened to Commander Chakotay?  Why didn't she remodulate her neural transceiver and send a message that way? You shouldn't have allowed yourself to be afraid. Fear distracts people from accomplishing their goals. You've been afraid many times. They may have been preserved by the vacuum of space. I wonder what the crew of the Salvoxia did for food after their emergency rations were gone? Its home had been destroyed. Haven't you been listening? It's not a monster, it's an alien I knew the story wasn't true, the moment you said the Bussard Collectors produced nadion emissions.
We told her not to deviate from your instructions. She wouldn't listen. If they cannot participate, neither will I. And you never let us do what we want. (Icheb knocks the counters onto the floor.) No, I won't. [Ballard's quarters] You are creating disorder. Seven will be angry. A twenty six sided polyhedron, composed of hexagons, octagons and squares. I reminded her of that. She wouldn't comply. She deviated from your instructions. Aren't you going to implement a punishment protocol?
Excellent. You recognized the complementary base pair. You're missing the point. And learn something about genetics. Commander. I apologise for the condition of the Cargo Bay, sir. I've been tutoring Naomi. Thank you, but I'd appreciate it if you didn't tell Seven. I'm supposed to be writing a paper on transwarp instability. Sir? Then you should store them with the salvaged Borg components. Neelix never inventories those containers. He says they give him the creeps. Of course not. [Janeway's quarters]
 Though it was a blatant violation of the Prime Directive, Kirk saved the Pelosians from extinction, just as he had the Baezians and the Chenari many years earlier. Finally, in the year 2270, Kirk completed his historic five year mission and one of the greatest chapters in Starfleet history came to a close. A new chapter began when Kirk regained command of the Enterprise. Thirty four. I was trying to be thorough. I could shorten the report. Thank you, Captain. (Icheb leaves. A young man in Starfleet command uniform is behind Janeway, played by John de Lancie's real son, Keegan.) I would have failed him. Kirk may have been a lowly human, but at least he had pizzazz. That report made him sound about as exciting as a Vulcan funeral dirge. I'm Icheb. Actually, I was wondering if you'd like to participate in some recreational activities. That's a challenging subject. The origin of the Q seems like the most logical place, followed by an analysis of their interaction with humanity. You could conclude with a description of the events that lead you to Voyager. I'll get a PADD. [Ready room] Lieutenant Paris has offered to give me a piloting lesson. I thought you might like to join us. Maybe Q could take over for a little while. Hear what? [Corridor] (The turbolift door opens.) What can I do for you, Q-ball? Did you get permission? Surprise? I'll help you, on one condition. You won't refer to me as Itchy in front of the senior officers. [Delta Flyer]  I've realigned the last pair of power couplings. You can start the pre-ignition sequence. I'm not detecting any ion fluctuations. We did it. You can power down the engine now. Q, what are you doing? Flexure? We need the captain's permission to leave Voyager. No. You've been doing so well. Why break the rules now? Icheb to Security. What's the real reason you're doing this? The Q are omnipotent. They'll find you. What I want is to return to Voyager. Go back to Voyager, apologise to the captain. She'll help you. What's wrong? We should do as he says. Because Captain Janeway has taught us to respect the laws of other cultures. You're going to get us killed! You don't know that. (Whumph!) Shields are down to thirty percent. Sixteen percent.
The Doctor sent me to relieve you early. He wants you to spend more time regenerating. Don't kill the messenger. Sophocles, Oedipus Rex. I've been studying Earth literature as a part of my Academy training. Apparently, this entire region is an alien testing ground. Better late than never. Titus Livius, A History of Rome.  I've analysed the sensor data from that last barrage. I've refined your detection method. We'll be able to see the weapons ten point three seconds earlier. Have I offended you? I, I can't think of one, but I'd be happy to search the database. Where are you going?
Kal-toh. I'm sure it was just beginner's luck, sir. I'd offer you a rematch, but I'm due in Astrometrics. TUVOK Another time, perhaps. (Icheb leaves. Kim takes his place opposite Tuvok.)
It's a high-resolution gravimetric sensor array. It'll augment our ability to scan for the neutrino flux associated with wormholes. It could help Voyager find a faster way home. Thank you, Captain. I am very interested in astrophysics. I've been studying Starfleet records. (continues under conversation) My scanner is calibrated to pick up changes in neutrino trajectories. I'm almost finished. Look at this. It's a star forming in the Orpisay nebula. I increased the resolution of the long range scanners. When I was on the Cube, I never thought about what was outside. Pulsars, quasars, nebulas. But here in this lab, I feel I can see the entire galaxy. What did you want to talk to me about? You said there was something we needed to discuss. I'm calculating neutrino trajectories. Very well. Do I have to stay with them? I don't remember them. What about the others? That's not what I mean. What will happen to them if I leave? They depend on me. I'll never see you again? In what way? Are they capable of space travel? How will I continue my studies? Then why does my stomach feel so strange? (The EMH scans it.) I never assimilated butterflies. Parents are irrelevant. I have Seven of Nine to assist me in my education. I have you to care for my medical needs. You didn't have parents. You adapted to serve a vital function about this vessel, forged relationships with its crew, all without the benefit of parents. And how would your programming respond if you were asked to live with strangers? (Seven enters.) Fine. No. I would like to return to Voyager now. [Briefing room] I'm busy. If you don't stop asking questions I'm going to put all of you in a cargo container and transport you back to the Borg. Where? I'm working. I don't have anything to talk about with them. I'm not going. I prefer to stand. I'm not hungry. I'm not little anymore. What's this? You built this as well? Efficient. What about space travel? Well, thank you. I don't remember how to play. I don't know anything about agriculture or genetics. I am staying here tonight. I see it. No, but it's nice. They've provided for me, given me opportunities. It's designed to detect wormholes. It may help them find a way back to Earth. It's their home. What?  Good morning. Yes, and I slept under the stars. You should try it. I was helping my father. There is something we need to discuss. Yes. This is my home. I have a responsibility to help them rebuild it. Thank you. I will use it every day. Thank you, Captain. I hope you find a way home. [Cargo Bay two] We won three games in a row. Yes. What do you mean? What is that? (Yifay fetches a hypodermic from a drawer.) Father? What are you doing to me? (Yifay injects him, and he passes out.) ICHEB: No! My parents suggested I might have an aptitude for genetics as well. This is the genome of a typical Brunali male and this is my DNA. They're nearly identical, but do you notice the differences in the third, thirteenth and seventeenth chromosomes? My parents made microgenetic alterations so I would produce the pathogen. Quite ingenious. They were trying to defend themselves, their way of life. Preserve their species. Do you think they will ever forgive me? I could have destroyed that Sphere. I failed them. I know, but Maybe it was my destiny. And if I prefer to continue studying?
Not like us. She's damaged. Her infrastructure has been removed. You will add to our perfection. We tried to go back in. The chambers were offline. Second. No, the first. I could not establish order. I became Second and he became First. SEVEN; So you've established a chain of command, a hierarchy. When we re-establish our link with the Borg, they will come for us. [Assimilation chamber] We were trying to perfect our assimilation techniques. He is not permanently damaged.  The deflector array. Agreed. I have the technology you've requested. You were a drone for eighteen years. I accessed your data file. I thought it might be relevant. You were assimilated as a juvenile, like us. Childhood? I don't know. No. No memories. (His voice has a slight vibrato.) The First told me my malfunction could not be repaired until we Deactivation. Not if it dies. [Cube - corridor] We are damaged. They don't want us. The transmission is authentic. They are sending a feedback pulse through our tractor beam. It's overloading our shield matrix. The shields around this chamber are failing. Instructions. Leave her alone. What you say? I thought we were a Collective. Your order. Your rules. Icheb. My name was Icheb. I remember now. It was my father's second name.
I'm sorry, Lieutenant. I'm detecting another lifesign. Inside Lieutenant Torres. It could be a parasite. (Seven checks his tricorder readings.) Of course not. (Icheb looks over the PADD.) Your confusion is understandable. There's a computational error. Please tell Lieutenant Torres, if there's anything I can do.
And you can still stay on Voyager. I'll miss you, too. Right now? It just seems like an insufficient amount of time has passed. Seven? (He sees a tear rolling down her chin.)SEVEN: Yes? You're crying. Several hours ago. I've been thinking. While I'm grateful for the opportunity to assist you in Astrometrics, I'd like to take on more challenging assignments. That's not what I meant. I want to work on the bridge. That's why I'd like to take the entrance exam for Starfleet Academy. I could forward it to Earth in the next datastream transmission. If I pass, I could take the basic classes from Commander Tuvok. He was an instructor at the Academy. Then you think it's a good idea? You could take the classes with me. Earn your own commission. I'll need a letter of recommendation from the captain. Of course. [Cargo Bay two]  Captain. Have you talked to Seven? And you don't approve? My request. I'm sure Seven will discuss it with you when she has the chance. I'm sorry I bothered you. Told me what? What's wrong with her? Her cortical node? She's going to die. I have experience in Borg technology. Let me come with you. I'm willing to take the risk. The captain told me you were ill. Then why are you in Sickbay? I've finished my work. I don't understand. She shouldn't be embarrassed in front of me. I'm her friend. It's not her fault that she's sick. Activate the EMH. Doctor? Where's Seven? Computer, locate Seven of Nine.  Are you feeling better? What about Astrometrics? Still, I'll need someone to review the material with me. I'd rather study with you. And if I don't want to? Why are you acting like this? Is it because you think you're dying? You may have given up, but I haven't. (Icheb spends some time alone in Astrometrics looking at medical scans.) [Doctor's office] I know how to save her. I've been analysing the simulations you performed. They failed because you tried to implement a cortical node from a dead drone. What you require is a live drone. My cortical node is operational. I want you to remove it and give it to Seven. Well, at least review my research. [Sickbay]EMH: It may as well be a suicide note. I don't agree. You took these scans of me when I left the Collective. By your own estimation I emerged from my maturation chamber before I was fully assimilated. As a result my physiology is less dependent on my implants. What about my age? I'm younger, so it should be easier for my body to adapt to the loss. I understand the risks perfectly. If we continue to do nothing, Seven will die. According to my research, there's an eighty six point nine percent chance that Seven's implants will adapt to my node. Point nine. You should be able to compensate with genetic resequencing. This isn't suicide, Doctor. I believe it can work. All I ask is that you consider it. [Astrometrics lab] Seven, this could work. You haven't reviewed all the data. You're the captain. You could order her to do it. Even if it kills her? If that were true, you wouldn't let her die. [Sickbay] Icheb to the Doctor. Report to Cargo Bay two immediately. My alcove. I programmed it to disconnect my neural relays. It was the only way I could prove to you that it would work. [Sickbay] (Janeway and the EMH beam in with Icheb.) No. If Seven can refuse treatment, so can I. Check your scans. You'll see I'm already adapting. Then apply the resequencing technique I researched. And I won't keep it. I'm trying to save your life. You think I need to learn to rely on other people? What about you? You've refused to rely on a single member of this crew. You hid your condition from the rest of us, you deactivated the Doctor, and now you're rejecting my help. You're the one who needs to rely on others. Isn't that what people on this ship do? They help each other? If the Captain were dying, you'd risk your life to save her, wouldn't you? And when you respond to a distress call, you're risking the life of everyone on this ship to respond to the aid of strangers. Please, just let us help you. (So a short time later, the EMH is performing a living donor transplant, with Paris and Janeway assisting.)EMH: Let's begin. (He removes Icheb's cortical node and Paris closes that wound. Then he removes Seven's stuttering node and replaces it with Icheb's functioning one.) [Cargo Bay two] You've recovered. The Doctor wants to keep me here another week, but I'm sure I'll be back on my feet in half that time. Why? Seven? Your ocular implant. It's malfunctioning again. (The EMH scans her.)
I noticed a charge imbalance in the EPS feed. I'm sorry if I I have a tactical systems report for you. It's from Commander Tuvok. It's a diagnostic of the antimatter injectors. Nutritional supplements replicated to meet my metabolic requirements. I prefer to work while I eat. It's a more efficient use of my time. Yes? Fun? Between my work and my studies I don't have much time for recreation. I do have an interest in geology.  Lieutenant Torres asked me to repair a malfunctioning holo-emitter. Seven of Nine told me you gave her social lessons. I was hoping you could instruct me as well. Actually, I wanted to ask you about something specific. How can you tell when someone has romantic feelings for you? I'm speaking hypothetically. Yes, but couldn't those things happen in a relationship that wasn't romantic? Is there a way to be absolutely certain? Thank you, Doctor. You've been very helpful. (Icheb leaves.)  I'm, I'm sorry, Lieutenant. Wouldn't you prefer to spend your free time with your husband? Engineering, to assist B'Elanna. Lieutenant Torres. The repairs are extensive. It's a lot of work. It was her idea. Race car? Are you challenging me to a competition?  There is something we need to discuss. I can't do this. I'm not talking about the diagnostic. I'm talking about us. Your interest in me. It's inappropriate. It's obvious you desire a romantic involvement. You've made all the customary overtures, Finding reasons to spend time with me, complimenting me, inviting me to engage in recreational activities. Your husband even challenged me to a ritual contest. According to my research, it's a traditional Klingon practice. I scanned you. In the Jefferies tube. Your blood pressure and neurotransmitter readings indicated a state of arousal. That's why we have to do the honourable thing. We should stop seeing each other. It's for the best. [Kraylor ship - crew quarters]
