You almost started a core overload. Well I'm sorry for interrupting then, and for eavesdropping. I overheard you talking to your console. Does it work? Well, if you need an interpreter. Jaffen. I work just down there. I don't think we've met. I'm And do you have a number. or maybe a name? And what exactly is your position here? Oh, I didn't know they'd hired one. I thought we were fraternising. Maybe we could get acquainted after work. There is a little place some of us like to go to. We could get a meal. You need to talk to someone besides your console.  All of them about my father and he couldn't understand why I wasn't insulted. Finally I just had to tell him. I'm Norvalen, I don't have a father! (A dark man in a green leather outfit slaps the bar and laughs hysterically.) It wasn't that funny, Tuvok. Yes, well, when you explain it like that, it's not funny at all. I'll look forward to hearing them. (Janeway enters and goes to a spare table.) I thought you didn't have time to socialise? Well, I recommend the Latara broth and the section on thermal coefficients. I'll join you. Oh, not to socialise. To, er, help you review the manuals. (Paris brings two blue cocktails to a couple at another table.) Thank you. It looks great. (Pregnant B'Elanna Torres enters, also in leather, but looking completely miserable. She looks at the happy people and leaves again.) [Staircase and walkway] I felt it was my responsibility to help you study those manuals. And now that I have, you should be less likely to overload the core. You know, with all this fascinating discussion about thermal co-efficients you never told me where you're from. Never heard of it. What's it like? It sounds like my home world. I guess we're both lucky to be here. So, you admit we're getting along. I see. That's too bad. Yes, sir. We both live right here. You know, one of the advantages of living in employee housing is that we can continue sharing ideas even after the work day is over. Yes, and I do have a spectacular view of the river from my living quarters. I'm sorry if I'm making you uncomfortable. Well, if you get lonely It's not an overload. It's time for our inoculations. They're nothing to worry about. Protection against ambient radiation. It's not, as long as you're inoculated regularly. We're lucky to have an employer that concerned about our safety. [Inoculation queue] MED Is there a problem here? Tuvok? You don't look well. Maybe you should go to the infirmary. What was that all about? And a terrible joke teller. So, we having dinner tonight? What, you don't like my cooking? I'm a perfectionist. I'm going to keep trying until I make you the perfect meal. I think I can accept those terms.  Mmm, smells good. Did you try talking to it? It's good. Let's go. Where? Wait. I'm not really hungry. Are you? Let's stay here. (They kiss passionately.) First Officer's log, stardate 54608.6. We've traced the crew's life signs to a large city on a planet called Quarra. Unfortunately, the local officials aren't being very cooperative. [Bridge] AMBASSADOR  I hope the cooking console's not being temperamental again? What's even better is being here with you. Are you comfortable? No, I mean here with me. Er, actually I was hoping we could eat alone tonight. I'm sorry, I just, er. There's something I'd like to talk to you about. So, what I was thinking is. If we were to combine our resources, we would reduce our expenses. Yes. I know it's impulsive, I know we haven't known each other very long. But things are so easy when we're together, and I just thought I What? You collect spent plasma relays? You're not going to start telling me how to dress, are you? Where are you going? There's more? [Janeway's apartment]  Am I hearing you correctly? You're actually helping this man? He abducted one of the workers. Right, and you're the captain. Don't you see? He's trying to convince you that you'll have a better life if you go with him. Do you want to go with him? Then why are you risking everything we have? [Janeway's apartment]  Yes? how can I help you? I was the one who helped him. He was obviously lying. So every worker at the plant had their memories altered? I've been involved from the moment I met you.  Be careful. (He stands guard while Janeway uses the subspace communications.) [Bridge] I hope you didn't think I abandoned you. We'll never get to the generator controls. What are you doing?  You'd better hurry up.  I can see why you'd rather live here. Fraternise with a member of your crew. Well, at least my memories weren't tampered with. According to the medical reports, I really did come to Quarra looking for a better life. And now that I've been promoted, I guess I've succeeded. They had to replace our shift supervisor. Something about acquiring workers illegally. I thought you might like these back, to remind you of our time together.
